1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4485
Mr. EBLLBY. I move to amend that mo-
tion by striking out "ten o'clock on Monday
morning" and inserting "half past seven
o'clock this evening."
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 74, noes 53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion as
amended; and being taken, there were, upon
a division—ayes 72, noes 52.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were.—ayes 10, noes 85.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of
those voting) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to ;
and accordingly, (at five o'clock and ten min-
utes p. m.,) the House took a recess until half
past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The hour of half past seven o'clock p. m.
having arrived the House resumed its session.
duty on copper.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill regulating the duties on imported
copper and cooper ores
The SPEAKER. The hill will_be_read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of this act, in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the arti-
cles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the articles herein
enumerated and provided for, imported from
foreign countries, the following specified duties
and rates of duty: on all copper imported in
the form of ores, three cents on each pound
of line copper contained therein ; on all regulus
of copper, and on all black or coarse copper,
four cents on each pound of fine copper con-
tained therein ; on all old copper, fit only for
manufacture, lour cents per pound; on all
copper in plates, bars, ingots, pigs, and in
other forms not manufactured or herein enu-
merated, five cents per pound.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill at this time ?
Mr. THOMAS. I have been very earnestly
urged to resist this measure. I know that one
of my colleagues [Mr. Piielps] has prepared
himself very fully on this particular subject.
I should certainly be very derelict to my duty
to hitn if I did not take every precaution against
action upon this bill in his absence. It isupon
that ground that I must object to the intro-
duction of this bill at this time ; and if it is
introduced I must insist upon the enforcement
of the rule, which requires that .such a bill shall
receive its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman with-
draw his objection until I state briefly the
motives of the Committee of Ways and Means
in proposing to introduce this bill at this time ?
Mr. THOMAS. It would be a work of
supererogation on the part of the gentleman,
for I should still insist upon my objection to
the consideration of the bill in the absence of
my colleague, who is not now in his seat.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill is not now before the House.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (II. R. No. 768) concerning the rights
of American citizens in foreign States; and
An act (H. R. No. 1021) in amendment of
an act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States."
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. PAINE. I am informed that I have
been appointed upon the conference committee
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill for the removal of political dis-
abilities from Simeon Corley and others. On
account of the inconvenience of my moving
about I ask to be excused from service on that
committee.
No objection was made; and Mr. Paine was
excused, and Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, appointed
to serve in his place.
indexing the tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, a bill (H. R. No. 14-57) to pay for in-
dexing the tax bill; which was read a firstand
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Clerk of the House of Representatives to pay
out of the contingent fund of the House $100
to the clerk of the Committee of Ways and
Means for preparing, by order of the House,
a full index of the act imposing taxes on dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 20, 18G8.
Mr. SCHENCE. I will state that this duty
was imposed upon the clerk of the Committee
of Ways and Means by a resolution reported
from the Committee on Printing, and it was
not a part of his regular duties, lie was busily
engaged for seven nights in preparing this
index, his time during the day being occupied
upon business for the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCII1?NCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
commerce, etc., in alaska.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the House, by unanimous consent, take from
the Speaker's table for consideration at the
present time the bill (S. No. 619) to extend
the laws of the United States relating to cus-
toms, commerce, and navigation over the ter-
ritory ceded to the United States by Russia, to
establish a collection district therein, and for
other purposes.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before
the House proceeds to the consideration of
this bill, I have consented to yield to several
other gentlemen for the transaction of business
in which they feel an interest.
territorial administration.
Mr. MULLINS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. II. No. 1458) to provide
for the more economical administration of the
government of the several Territories of the
United States, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that from and after its pas-
sage the Legislatures of the several Territories
of the United States shall meet but once in
every two years; and the next meeting of those
Legislatures is to take place two years from the
date of their last sessions^ respectively. No
money is to be appropriated irom the Treasury
of the United States to pay the legislative
expenses of Territories for any other than bien-
nial sessions. The salary of the Governors of
the Territories is fixed at $2,500 per annum.
Mr. MULLINS. I do not care to take up
the time of the House in discussing this ques-
tion. The measure is one which must address
itself to the good sense of every member.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Substan-
tially this same proposition was embraced in
one of our appropriation bills, and was so
worded as to take effect from and after the
1st day of the present month, it being sup-
posed that the bill would become a law before
the 1st of July.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MULLINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
floating debt of washington.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, of Massachu-
setts, and by unanimous consent, the bill (S.
No. 637) to authorize the city of Washington
to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the
floating debt of the city was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
The first section of the bill authorizes the
city of Washington to issue, by vote of its
councils, registered or coupon bonds in de-
nominations of $50, $100, $500, and $1,000,
payable in ten years from the date of issue,
bearing interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum, payable semi-annually, principal
and interest payable in lawful money of the
United States. The bonds are to be signed by
the mayor and countersigned by the register
of the city, and are to be payable at such
place or places as may by them be deemed
expedient, and may be issued and disposed of
to an amount sufficient to pay and discharge
the present floating debt of the city, not, how-
ever, to exceed the sum of $800,000. The
bonds are not to be sold for less than their
par value in lawful money of the United States,
or in exchange for the matured and liquidated
indebtedness; and no greater amount of the
bonds is to be disposed of than may be found
necessary for the payment of such indebted-
ness. The second section makes it the duty of
the city councils upon issuing the bonds to pro-
vide by taxation for the prompt payment of the
interest thereon; also to provide for the redemp-
tion of the bonds by establishing a sinking
fund to be set apart annually to an amount not
exceeding ten per cent, of the amount of bonds
issued, this sinking fund to be created from
regular taxes levied for that purpose, and to
be assessed and collected as other taxes. The
third section authorizes the city councils to
pass any and all ordinances which may be
necessary to carry into effect the provisions of
this act; and all acts or parts of acts inconsist-
ent with this act are repealed.^
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing of the rules.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolted, That there be printed for the, use of the
members of the House, to bo in readiness at the next
session, the usual edition of the Constitution, Utiles,
and Manual, together with Barclay's Digest, with
such ndditions as have been made during the pres-
ent session, and upon the same terms as heretofore.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sale of hot springs reservation.
Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back House bill No. 1276, for the sale of the Hot
Springs reservation, in Arkansas, with amend-
ments. ,, .,
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that the public reservation known as the Hot
Springs reservation, in the State of Arkansas,
is now held and occupied without color ol title
by various persons, whose claims have never
