1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
shall be prospective and apply to cotton here-
after grown it seems to me it is one in which
the laborer who has raised the crop of 1807 has
but little interest. It seems to me to be simply
a question between the Treasury of the United :
States, that is to say, the tax-payers of the
country, aud the speculators in cotton and that
portion of the producers who are the best able
to hold on to their crop, and consequently the
best able to pay the tax.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Archer]
has referred to information he has derived from
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Now
I submit to his consideration whether it is pos-
sible for that officer to know anything about
the subject. He may know the amount of rev-
enue which has been derived from this source,
and that is all the information he has or can
have on the subject. He has no means of
knowing any more than you or I or any one
else bow much cotton has passed from the
hands of the producer and is in the hands of
other parties. I apprehend that when the facts
are ascertained, if ever they are, it will be
found that in regard to the producers, the
laboring men, either by the receipt of wages
for their labor or in pay for cottorj which the
bare necessities of life compelled them long
ago to dispose of, a large proportion of the
crop of 1867 has gbne into the hands of mid-
dle men. So that if we remit the tax upon
that which has not paid the tax we simply put
the money into the pockets of that class of
dealers.
Again, I ask what justice would there be in
relieving those who have not paid the tax and
holding on to that portion of the tax which we
have collected? If we remit the uncollected
Eortion of the tax for the present crop we shall
e met with an appeal which we cannot resist
to restore the amount of the tax to those who
have already paid it. The difficulties in whicli
such a measure would involve us would be end-
less, to say nothing of the horde of harpies,
Shylocks, and "shysters" who would succeed
in fattening upon the two, three, four, or five
million dollars to whicli these claims would
amount.
I am of opinion that the tax should be remit-
ted. It is exceptional in its character. It is
a tax upon labor which labor cannot afford to
pay anywhere or under any'circumstances. I
think that we should pass now a bill prospect-
ive in its operation, sq that those who are at
the present time preparing for the next crop
will make their arrangements in view of the
repeal of the tax. Thus the production will
be stimulated and the next crop will be much
larger than it otherwise would be.
I know it may be argued that a large cotton
crop is not a very desirable thing; that a mil-
lion and a half bales would produce as much
money as three million bales; that the greater
the quantity of cotton the smaller the price.
This is undoubtedly true; but it does not fol-
low that three million bales of cotton are not
more valuable, will not make more yards of
cloth, will not go further to benefit mankind
than a million and a half bales; nor does it
follow that an increased crop will not better
aid us in regaining—with regard to this prod-
uct—the command of the market of the world..
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, I have no
speech to make on this question; butW hold
in my hand a circular which was referred to
yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] as having been very thoroughly
circulated through the South; and as this cir-
cular has some bearing upon the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] and will tend to exhibit the
speculation which has been undertaken on this
subject, I desire the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
M-
Aususta, Georgia, -
1867.
Dear Sir: An association of capitalists, politi-
cians, find lawyers has been formed for the purpose
of having tho unconstitutional tax on cotton, which
has been paid or may be paid to the United States,
refunded if possible.
They propose to prosecute the claims at their own
risk and expense, the claimant is to inmr no expense
in any event, and is to receive one half of the tax
recovered. The other half is to bo used for the pay-
ment of all expenses incurred. We are to have a
liberal commission out of the half retained.
The plan is to have as largo an amount as possible
of these claims presented to the Court of Claims for
its judgment as soon as possible, so that they may
reach Congress shortly after its next session com-
mences. Tho Treasury is now full. It will probably
be depleted by congressional appropriations during
; the session. It is therefore strongly desirable that
] we should get the bill before Congress era the Treasury
: shall have been emptied. Those whose claims are thus
presented and passed upon by tho court and Congress
! at an early day may be paid when later claimants
fail. The proof required will probably consist of
affidavits identifying the cotton and the collector's
receipt, or copies of entries on his books. On this
point we will advise you more specifically hereafter,
if it becomes necessary. If you conclude to turn your
claim over to us you can sign the blank contract
inclosed, before a witness, and return it to us. We
will immediately send you a receipt expressing our
obligations to you as contracting parties. We are
assured by our friends at the North that the Court of
, Claims will certainly pronounce this tax unconstitu-
|l tional, and that if we hasten to get tke claims before
!1 Congress we will succeed. If we succeed, the money is
j to pass through our hands, and we are to be respon-
sible for its faithful application. Wcw«uld like to
! have your claim, and as many as you can influence.
If you sign the contract send us the name of your
! factor or agent, if cotton was sold by an agent,
together with marks, number of bales, <fcc.
Joint Contract.
This covenant and agreement made and entered
into by and between the persons whose nameB are
hereunto subscribed as parties of the first part, and
llerschel V. Johnson & Company as parties of the
second part: witnesseth, that the parties of tho first
part, for the purpose of recovering tho taxes hereto-
fore or which may hereafter bo paid as a tax on cot-
ton. under the internal revenue laws of the Federal
Government and Treasury regulations, and in con-
sideration of one dollar paid to tlicm by the parties
of the second part, do hereby individually and col-
lectively contract with the parties of the second part
that they may, ill tho Court of Claims of the United
: States, or in such other manner and form as they may
deem expedient, recover and have refunded all such
taxes as have been or may hereafter be paid by parties
of thefirst part, withfull power todemandandreceive
li ami in our individual or firm names receipt for the
same; and that the parties of the second part may act
more efficiently wo hereby agree and covenant to fur-
nish the parties of the second part all papers or other
evidence in our power necessary to prove the payment
of such tax. The parties of the first part further
contract that the parties of thesecond part shall have
and receive one naif of what may be recovered of
said tax. And the parties of the second part agree
and contract that they will conduct and prosecute
such claims at their own risk and expense, and that
they will pay over te oach of the parties of the first
part one half of any and all sums which shall be
recovered and received by them on such claims.
A separate obligation to this effect of even date
with these presents will be given by the parties of
the second part. This day of ,1867.
Witnesses. Parties' Names.
Mr. WINDOM. As this contract contem-
plates the recovery of all the tax that has been
paid or may be hereafter paid, I think that if
any gentlemen want to enter into that copart-
nership they had better vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, for
that amendment seems to be in harmony with
this project. The friend who has transmitted
this document to me states in his letter that he
has from these parties themselves a statement
that they already have the control of claims
amounting to $20,000,000; so that this is a
very handsome speculation.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Baker.]
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to state
in the briefest possible form the several con-
siderations which make it entirely clear to me
that the tax on cotton ought to be repealed,
and the reason^ why I think the repeal should
not apply to the present crop.
1. It appears to me that the power to levy
such a tax may not be perfectly clear. The
Constitution provides that " no taxorduty shall
be laid on articles exported from ftnj State."
Now, when we reflect that an immense pre-
ponderance of the cotton crop is exported
from the country, and when we reflect that the
object of this provision of the Constitution was
to foster our exports by relieving them from
the burden of "tax orduty," it appears to me,
in the absence of special investigation of the
point, that there is room for a possible doubt
as to whether this tax was laid in conformity
with the object and spirit of the Constitution.
2. It is a tax upon the production of labor
in its primary form: asppeies of taxation which
depresses labor, which impedes the creation
of wealth, and which ought never to be resorted
to by any Government save on critical and im-
perative occasions.
3. It is a tax which loads our commerce with
a dead weight in its attempt to compete with
the foreign production and supply of cotton,
' thug tending to lessen the gross quantity of our
annuaJ exports, and to increase the balance of
trade against us and in favor of foreign coun-
tries. It is needless to say that such a result
must be injurious to our whole people.
4. It is a tax upon an article eminently neces-
sary ftnd of universal consumption—an article
which contributes immensely to the comfort,
the health, the civilization of the great mass
of the people. The production of no such
article should be taxed, except, K may be, on
occasions of extreme public necessity.
5. It is in effect a'direct tax upon the agri-
cultural labor of a poverty-strickeu section of
our country. I hear much by way of report
and know something by observation of tha
pitiable poverty of an immense portion of the
people of the South, whether white or black.
This tax upon their productive labor ought to
be removed, whether we look to considerations
of humanity or to considerations of a sound
public policy.
As to the time when the repeal should take
effect I think the committee have solved the
problem about as wisely and justly as possible
under all the circumstances of the case. Not
forgetting the interests of capital as invested
in the culture or purchase of the present crop,
I look mainly to the great body of the laborers
who have produced the crop. The latter is the
largest fs^ct in the case, and should exert a con-
trolling influence upon our legislation affect-
ing it. And considering first that labor has
already produced the present crop for a com-
pensation graded down in reference to the
burden of the tax ; and secondly, that a large
portion of the crop has already found its way
into the bands of purchasers, under purchase
prices, in like manner graded down, I agree
with the committee that the existing crop
should not he included in the operation of the
proposed repeal.
I will add that in my judgment the removal
of this tax will not draw with it the necessity
of making it up by an increase of taxation in
some other direction, . On the contrary, by
proper retrenchment—which may probably be
extended largely to every branch of the public
service—by limiting t,ax^.tion to the actual
needs of the Government, including the sur-
plus in tjje Treasury, aod by looking to tho
growth, of population and increase of wealth
for the future reduction and payment of the
public debt—we may very materially reduce
the general scale of internal taxation,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COVODE. I move to amend the bill
by striking out all after the words "shall be,"
and to insert in lieu thereof these words : "sub-
ject to an internal tax of one cent per pound."
Mr. McCARTlIY. Mr. Speaker, I have sev-
eral reasons for opposing the repeal of the cot-
ton tax at this t'ime. I do not believe it is a
premium for cultivating cotton in Egypt or
Brazil; for with fill the stimulus of high priees
the increase of production is too small to enter
into competition with us. I also hold it is not
a premium to British capital for producing cot-
ton in India. We have the advantage in cli-
mate, soil, and seed, in the quantity and qual-
ity of the product and in labor—free labor.
Under the stimulus and knowledge that its
fruits and earnings are its own its success has
astonished all-
Only the second year after the war, labor,
leaping from bondage to freedom, has produced
nearly three fourths the amount of the greatest
yield of any year before the war ; in addition
avast increase of all the cereal grains. Before
the war an effort was made by interested Brit-
ish capital to increase the cultivation of cotton
in India. Several experienced southern plant-
ers were employed and sent to India for that
purpose. Selecting the beat lands, with full
