THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
gloomiest chamber in the subterranean recesses
of this Capitol, where the cheerful light of day
never enters. There erect the altar and immo-
late the victim.
Mr. STANBE11Y, after proceeding some
time, said: With the consent of the Senate, Mr.
Chief Justice, to relieve me I would ask per-
mission that my young friend at my side may
read from my brief a few pages while I gather
a little strength for what 1 wish to say.
Mr. ANTHONY. The counsel evidently is
laboring very painfully in his endeavor to ad-
dress the Senate, and I move that the Senate,
sitting as a court of impeachment, adjourn
until Monday at twelve o'clock.
Several Skxatohs. Oh, no ; let the argu-
ment be read.
Mr. STANBERY. I do not ask an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw the motion if
the counsel does not desire it.
Mr. William F. Peddrick. thereupon pro-
ceeded to read the argument, and continued
the reading until two minutes to two o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the court
take a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and at -the expi-
ration of the recess the Chief Justice resumed
the chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. Peddrick continued to read the argu-
ment for some time, when
Mr. STANBERY resumed and concluded.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate,
sitting for the trial of the impeachment, adjourn
until Monday at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Monday, May 4, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been mads
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and
Messrs. Nelson and Groesbeck, of counsel for
the respondent, appeared and took the seats
assigned to them respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. WASHmiiN'E, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to the
seats provided for them.
The Journal of Saturday's proceedings of
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
Th e C HIEF J U S T T C E. Mr. Manager Bin-o-
ham will proceed with the argument on the part
of the House of Representatives.
Hon. JOHN A. BINGHAM, one of the
Managers of the impeachment on the part of
the House of Representatives, closed the argu-
ment, as follows:
Mr. President and Senators : I protest,
Senators, that in no mere partisan spirit, in
no spirit of resentment or prejudice do I come
to the argument of this grave issue. A Rep-
resentative of the people, upon the responsi-
bility and under the obligation of my oath, by
order of the people's Representatives, in the
name of the people, and for the supremacy of
their Constitution and laws, I this day speak. I
pray, you, Senators, "hear me for my cause."
But yesterday the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and laws was challenged by armed rebel-
lion ; to-day the supremacy of the Constitution
and laws is challenged by executive usurpation,
and is attempted to be defended in the pres-
ence of the Senate of the United States by the
retained advocates of the accused.
For four years millions of men disputed by
arms the supremacy of American law on Amer-
ican soil. Happily for our common country,
happily for our common humanity, on the (Jth
day of April, in the year of our Lord I860, the
broken battalions of treason and armed resist-
ance to law surrendered to the victorious
legions of the Republic. On that day, not with-
out sacrifice, not without suffering, not without
martyrdom, the laws were vindicated. On that
day the word went out all over our own sorrow-
stricken land and to every nationality that the
Republic, the last refuge of constitutional lib-
erty, the last sanctuary of an inviolable justice,
was saved by the virtue and valor of its children.
On the 14th day of April, in the year of our
Lord 1865, amid the joy and gladness of the
people for their great deliverance, here in the
capital, by an assassin's hand, fell Abraham
Lincoln, President of the United States, slain
not for his crimes, but for his virtues, and
especially for his fidelity to duty—that highest
word revealed by God to man.
Upon the death of Abraham Lincoln, An-
drew Johnson, then Vice President, by force
of the Constitution, became President of the
United States, upon taking the prescribed oath
that he would faithfully execute the office of
President, and preserve, protect, and defend
the Constitution of the United States. The
people, bowing with uncovered head in the
presence of the strange, great sorrow which
had come upon them, forgot for the moment
the disgraceful part which Andrew Johnson
had played here upon the tribune of the Sen-
ate 011 the4th day of March, 1865, and accepted
the oath thus taken by him as the successor of
Abraham Lincoln as confirmation and assur-
a.nce that he would take care that the laws be
faithfully executed. It is with the people an
intuitive judgment, the highest conviction of
the human intellect, that the oath faithfully to
execute the office of President, and to preserve,
pioteet, and defend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, means, and must forever mean—
while the Constitution remains as it is—that the
President will himself obey, and compel others
to obey, the laws enacted by the legislative de-
partment of the Government, until the same shall
have been repealed or reversed. This, we may
assume, for the purpose of this argument, to be
the general judgment of the people of this coun-
try. Surely it is the pride of every intelligent
American that none are above and none be-
neath the laws ; that the President is as much
the subject of law as the humblest peasant on
the remotest frontier of our ever advancing
civilization. Law is the only sovereign, save
God, recognized by the American people ; it is
a rule of civil action not only to the individual,
but to the million ; it binds alike each and all,
the official and the unofficial, the citizen and the
great people themselves.
This, Senators—and I am almost fearful that
I may offend in saying it—is ol the traditions
of the Republic, and is understood from the
Atlantic to the Pacific shores by the five and
thirty millions of people who dwell between
these oceans and hold in their hands to- day the
greatest trust ever committed in the providence
of God to a political society.
1 feci myself justified, entirely justified, in
saying that it rests not simply upon the tradi-
tions of the people, but is embodied in their
written record from the day when they fired
the first gun on the field of Lexington to this
hour. Is it not declared in that immortal Dec-
laration which will live as long as our language
lives, as one of the causes of revolt against the
king of Great Britain, whose character was
marked by every act which may define a tyrant,
that he had forbidden his governors to pass
laws, unless suspended in their operation until
they should have received his assent—I use
the words of the Declaration, which, like the
words of Luther, were half battles—the law
should be suspended until his assent should be
obtained. That was the first utterance against
the claim of executive power to suspend the '
laws by those immortal men with whom God 1
walked through the night and storm and dark- i
ness of the Revolution, and whom he taught to !
lay here at the going down of the sun the j
foundations of those institutions of civil and
religious liberty which have since become the
hope of the world.
1 follow the written record further, still ask-
ing pardon of the Senate, praying them to
remember that I speak this day not simply in
the presence of Senators, but in the presence
of an expecting and waiting people, who have
commissioned you to discharge this high trust,
and have committed to your hands, Senators,
the issues of life and death to the Republic.
I refer next to the words of Washington, first
of Americans and foremost of men, who de-
clared that the Constitution which at any time
exists until changed by the act of the whole
people is sacredly obligatory upon all.
I refer next to a still higher authority, which
is the expression of the collective power and
will of the whole people of the United States,
in which it is asserted that—
" This Constitution, and the laws mado in pursu-
ance thereof, and all treaties made or which sha.ll
be made by the authority of the United States, shall
be the supremo law of the land; and the judges ia
every State shall be bound thereby, anything in the
constitution and laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding."
That is the solemn declaration of the Con-
stitution ; and pending this trial, without a
parallel in the history of the nation, it should
be written upon these walls.
How are these propositions, so plain and
simple that "the wayfaring man could not err
therein," met by the retained counsel who ap-
pear to defend this treason of the President,
this betrayal of the great trusts of the people?
The proposition is met by stating to the Senate,
with an audacity that has scarcely a parallel in
the history of judicial proceedings, that every
official may challenge at pleasure the supreme
law of the land, and especially that the Presi-
dent of the United States, charged by his oath,
charged by the express letter of the Constitu-
tion, that •' he shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed," is nevertheless invested
with the power to interpret the Constitution
for himself, and to determine judicially—Sen- #
ators, I use the word used by the learned gen-
tleman who opened the case for the accused
—to determine judicially whether the laws de-
clared by the Constitution to be supreme are
after all not null and void, because they do not
happen to accord with his judgment.
That is the defense which is presented here
before the Senate of the United States, and
upon which they are asked to deliberate, that
the Executive is clothed with power judicially
—I repeat their own word, and I desire that
it may be burned into the brain of Senators
when they come to deliberate upon this ques-
tion—that the President may judicially con-
strue the Constitution for lnmself, and judi-
cially determine finally for himself whether
the laws, which by your Constitution are de-
clared to be supreme, are not, after all, null
and void and of no effect, and not to be exe-
cuted, because it suits the pleasure of his high-
ness, Andrew Johnson, first king of the peo-
ple of the United States, in imitation of George
lit, to suspend their execution. He ought to
remember, when lie conies with such a defense
as that before the Senate of the United States,
that it was said by one of those mighty spirits
who put the Revolution in motion and who con-
tributed to the organization of this great and
powerful people, that Caesar had his Brutus,
Charles I had his Cromwell, and George III
should profit by their example. Nevertheless
—and this is the central point of this entire
discussion—the position is assumed here in "the
presence of the Senate, in the presence of the
people of the United States, and in the pres-
ence of the civilized world, that the President
of the United States is invested with the judi-
cial power to determine the force and effect
pf the Constitution, of his own obligations
under it, and the force and effect of every law
passed by the Congress of the United States.
It must be conceded, if every official may chal-
lenge the laws as unconstitutional, and espe-
cially if the President may, at his pleasure,
declaie any act of Congress unconstitutional,
reject, disregard,and violate its provisions, and
this, too, by the authority of the Constitution,
that instrument is itself a Constitution of an-
archy, not of order, a Constitution authorizing
a violation of law, not enjoining obedience to
law. Senators, establish any such rule as this
