4486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
bfeen acknowledged by the United States Gov-
ernment; and that the public interest and
humanity require that they should be made
available for public use, and that the welfare
and settlement of the State will be promoted
by the sale of lands adjacent thereto. The
first section provides that upon the passage
of this act the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause to be surveyed, platted, and laid out
into streets, blocks, and lots, or parcels of
ground of such form and area as will best facil-
itate the construction of a town, all that portion
of the public domain situate in sections twenty-
eight, twenty-nine, thirty-two, thirty-three,
thirty-four, and thirty-five, in townships two and
three south, of range nineteen west, known
as the Hot Springs reservation, in Hot Springs
county, State of Arkansas; provided that no
parcel of ground surveyed and platted for lot,
block, or street shall approach nearer than
one hundred feet to any spring included in the
group of hot or warm springs embraced within
the reservation. When the survey shall have
been made in accordance with the provisions
herein provided the Secretary of the Interior
shall cause maps and plats to be made of said
survey and the grounds embraced within this
reservation, which maps and plats shall show
each lot, block, and street of the survey, each
stream of water, and the elevation of cach
block of ground above some fixed point to be
designated on a level with the drainage of this
reservation, each spnng and its elevation above
the point designated, also the temperature of
each spring; and shall furnish these maps and
plats to persons who may apply for information.
The second scction provides that the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall, within sixty days
after this reservation is surveyed and platted,
as above provided, appoint three disinterested
freeholders, not citizens of Arkansas, who shall
proceed to the reservation, and on view thereof
appraise the lots or parcels of ground so plat-
ted and surveyed, each at the cash value thereof,
and return the same to the Secretary of the
Interior. These appraisers shall also receive
proof of claims of loyal persons, if any such
are presented, which were acquired (irior to
the 1st of April, 1851, as well as proof of the
loyalty of persons presenting such claims, and
return the same to the Secretary of the Interior
for his action thereon. The third section pro-
vides that after such surveys have been made,
plats and maps prepared, and report of ap-
praisers returned as provided, the Secretary
of the Interior shall adveilise in all the news-
papers authorized to publish the laws of the
United States in the several States, once each
week for the period of ninety days, that upon
a day to be designated in the advertisement,
which shall be immediately succeedingthe ex-
piration of the period above named, the proper
ofiicerswill sell, upon the reservation at public
auction, to the highest and best bidder, all
those lots or parcels of ground situated nearest
to a point in such survey, to be ascertained
which shall be the center of the group of
springs aforesaid, and shall be marked and des-
ignated upon the maps and plats of the survey,
which will be required to make one fourth of
the area of said reservation. Upon the day
designated in the advertisement the Secretary
of the Interior shall cause the sale to be made
as provided in accordance with existing laws,
made and provided lor the sale of public lands ;
provided that no lot or parcel of ground shall be
sold for less than its appraised value ; provided
that no lot or parcel of this reservation shall be
sold, to which, in the opinion of the Secretary of
the interior, a legal claim exists, belonging to
any person or persons who remained loyal to
the Government of the United States during the
late war, and who did not, directly or indi-
rectly, give aid, countenance, or assistance in
any way to those in rebellion, or to their au-
thority, which was acquired prior to the 1st of
April, 1861, until such claim shall have been
set aside by the proper authorities ; provided
also that no lot, block, or parcel of ground,
containing a spring of the character described
as aforesaid in section one, shall be sold or
offered for sale; but by virtue of this act, each
spring of the character designated as hot, warm,
or mineral springs within this reservation, with
a plat of ground embracing an area which shall
extend one hundred feet in all directions from
its center, shall become the property of the
municipality so soon as organized and legally
authorized to hold property, and shall so re-
main forever, the right to convcy not being
granted. It shall also be lawful for the Sec-
retary of the Interior to have surveyed and set
apart a plat of ground, not to exceed one hun-
dred acres in area, upon what is known a3iIot
Springs mountain, for a public park, which
may be excepted from the survey into lots,
blocks, and streets, the title of which shall vest
in like manner as the title of the springs here-
inbefore provided. The fourth section provides
that tlie proceeds of the sale provided for in
the foregoing sections shall be returned to
the Secretary of the Interior, who shall first
pay all costs of survey, appraisement, and sale ;
after which he shall invest the residue in Uni-
ted States securities, and hold it in trust until
otherwise directed by law. The fifth section
provides that the interest accruing upon such
securities shall be applied pro rata for the
education of children in the State of Arkan-
sas, without respect to color, which may be
between the ages of six and twenty years.
The sixth section provides that the remain-
ing three fourths of the aforesaid reservation
shall bo sold, one fourth annually, upon a day
designated in each year by the Secretary of the
Interior; such sales to bo made in like manner
as hereinbefore provided, the lots to be first
sold in each case being those next adjacent to
those last sold ; provided that the lots or par-
cels of land sold each year shall have a sepa-
rate appraisement in like manner as hereinbe-
fore provided, which appraisement shall be
made during the sixty days next preceding the
ninety days which snch lands in each case shall
be advenised prior to sale. The seventh and
last section provides the proceeds of each an-
nual sale, as aforesaid, shall be subject to the
same provisions as are made and provided in
section four and section live of this act for the
proceeds of the first sale of one fourth of the
reservation as aforesaid.
The amendments of the committee were
agreed to, as follows :
Strike out all of section two, after the word " In-
terior, " in line eight, and insert as follows: "and
any person who may be residing upon said reserva-
tion atthetnno of the passage of this act shall be
entitled to take the lot or lots upon which his or her
residence is actually located by paying therefor tho
appraised value thereof: /'j ovided, however. That in
ascertaining such value the appraisers shall estimate
the value of said lots andshall nottake intoaecount
tho value ol the improvements thereon : And pro-
vided Jurther, That if said occupant does not desire
to take said lot or lots he or she shall be permitted
to remove the improvements thereon."
Strike out that part uf section three, between the
word " value," in line twenty, and the woid "pro-
vided,'' in line thirty.
Strike out in lines thirty-live and thirty-six, in
section three, the words " embracing an area which
shall extend one hundred feet m all directions from
its center" and insert as follows: "two hundredfeet
square, the snringr being as nearly us practicable in
the center thereof."
Strike out in line thirty-nine, section three, the
words " it shall also be lavviul lor.''
Stiike out inline lorty, sccrion three, the word
"to " and insert the word "shall,"
In line three, section five,between thewords "of"
and "children," insert tlie words "all the."
In lines throe and four, in section five, strike out
the words "without respect to color."
Insert after the word "Interior,'' in line four, scc-
tion six, the words "public notice thereof being
given in tlie manner provided in section three."
Strike out in lines ten and eleven, section six, the
words " ninety days which said lands in each case
shall be advertised prior to sale" and insert the
words "said sale."
Sirike out from the word "sale," in the thirty-
second line, to and includingthe word " granted," m
the thirty-ninth line, section three, and insert as
follows: "but said lot, block, or parcel of ground
shall for ever remain the property ot the United
States, subject to the control and authority of the
Secretary of the Interior, whos j duty it shall bo to
protect the said property from the occupation of
any person or persons whatever and keep it at all
times open and lree to the use of the public; and
the said Secretary of the Interior shall report an-
nually to Congress the situation of the said lot,
block, or parcel of ground, and what legislation may
be necessary to carry out the purposes ot this act."
Mr. HINDS. Mr. Speaker, this bill pro-
vides for the public sale of the Hot Springs
reservation in Arkansas. It comprises four
sections located about fifty miles southwesterly
from Little Rock, along the western slope of
the Hot Springs mountain, being a margin of
the Ozark group, and a portion of the lands
ceded to the United States by the Qua-Paw
Indians in 1818.
The act reserving the same was passed on
the 20th of April, 1832, which, after making
reservation of certain salt springs ill Arkansas,
proceeds as follows, (4 Statutes-at-Uarge, page
505:)
"Sec 3 And be it further enacted. That the Ilot
Springs in said Territory, together with tour sections
of land, including said springs, as near the 9c'lt0J
thereof as may bc,shall be reserved for the 'utnre
disposal of the United States, and shall not be
entered, located, or appropriated, for any other pub-
poso whatever^'
It is reasonable to suppose, then, that at the
time of the passage of this act Congress under-
stood the land upon which the Hot Springs are
located to be unappropriated public domain ;
that it had neither been patented, preempted^
or located by any person or persons whatever.
We do not contend that the act ot 1832 was
retroactive and was intended to cntofl all who
had valid claims anterior to its passage ; in
other words, that it could undo that which had
been lawfully doue. But we do contend that
Hector, Langlais, Beldni, or anybody else, ia
order to bo entitled to a patent must make
proof of an appropriation ol the Hot bprings
anterior to their reservation- by the United
States. And, further, that no one has ever
before 04* since set up- any valid claim to the
same.
The springs are fifty-four in immber, having
atemperature varying from 93° to 1-50° h aliren-
heit, and discharge three hundred and seven-
teen gallons of water pop minute. The amount
discharged by each varies, but they are all
qualitively allied.
The following is a chemical analysis of the
properties of those waters : Silicates with base,
bicarbonate of lime, bicarbonate of magnesia,
alumina with oxide of iron, arseniate 01 iron,
carbonate of soda, carbonate of potash, car-
bonate of lithia, sulphate of maguesia, chlo-
ride of magnesia, oxide of manganese, sulphate
of lime, arseniate of lime, bromine, iodine a
trace, organic matter a trace.
These springs are the most rctn-arkablc in
the world. The power their waters have to
cure all chronic diseases is indeed wonderful.
Dr. Lawrence, a resident physician for tea
years, says :
"Tho properties of the waters depend not alone
upon the caloric, diluent, solvent, collective, or me
antacid qualities—out the springs all contain car-
bonates ol' the alkalies and alka-uue eartus—agents
well known to therapeutists to possess active eliuiia-
ative agency; consequently they produce valuable
alterative efieets in chronic diseases. Again, the
natural solublesilieates ol' tne earths, 1 leclsauslied
by experience, prouuee molecular results, ah yet but
little known orlegarded by the t>roiesaion as adjuncts
111 the treatment ol constitutional diseases.
Itheuniatisni, gout, sUiTjomts, Cuinraotioub of the
musics and skin, old wounds, aud inualul cicatrices
are relieved. Skin diseases, scrotulous ulcerations,
aud enlargement ot the glands; piostrations 1101 n
long-standing sickness, or from debility Hollowing
severe courses ot powerlul medicines, show a ic-
maikableimproveinent. bpinakliseases, neuralgias,
nervous affections, partial parallels, leau paisj, £k.
Vltus danco. (chorea,; muscular and general debility,
repond to treatment. Uterine diseases as a class
axe greatly benefited, and the batus particularly
regiuded for tlie grand climacteric change ot iiie.
\\ Here sterility is a consequent oi functional dis-
; order, t he baths are of great importauce. Por iner-
1 curi.tl diseases, mercuno-syphiluie, and all syphili-
tic Jorins ol derangement, volumes ot testimonials
could be adduced relative to tiie effects uf mese
remarkable and unexcelled waters in the treatment
those obstmato and loathsome attcctions.
1 Expeuence, with carctul observations ior a num-
j ber ot years, satisly me thu.t dropsies, cancer^ uncu-
| nsms. acute inflammatory diseases, disease® ol the
1 mngs, bronchial tubes, tubureuiosia in any ioiui,
] aiteetions ol the heart or brain are not benefited nere ;
| but, 011 the contrary, the Hot Springs are positively
1 injurious.'
| It is estimated by eminent medical geutle-
! men that there are over one hundred thousand
j afflicted persons iu the United States who can-
| not be permanently cared except by a use of
I these waters.
