1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ing State, and I think they are generally so
everywhere—opposed to any registration what-
ever for the sake of protecting the ballot-box
from fraud. Now, sir, Congress, iti provid-
ing for elections in these southern States,
made a registration law, and it has been ascer-
tained that, in consequence of the necessities
imposed upon the laboring people of that
region of country to move from place to place,
if they are required to vote in the place where
their names are registered they will be practi-
cally deprived of the elective franchise. A
great proportion of the colored people will
thereby be denied the right to vole. Some
legislation is necessary to meet that condition
of things. Will it be more satisfactory to the
Senator to provide that a man may vote with-
out any evidence of registration ? He says that
the voter should be required to produce a cer-
tificate of registration, when the fact is, as 1
am advised and believe, that certificates of
registration were only issued in two of the ten
southern States; so that in eight of those
States these people are without any certificates
of registration ; and the consequence of pro-
viding that they should produce certificates of
registration, and not be allowed to use any
other kind of evidence, would be to disfran-
chise these people in eight States; for the
Senator knows well enough that they cannot,
in view of the circumstances in which they are
placed, with their poor facilities for travel,
with their poverty, go elsewhere to procure the
necessary certificates. That being the condi-
tion of things, we must guard the ballot-box
by such provisions as will, as nearly as possible,
meet this requirement.
Now, I suggest that in those States where it
is impossible to produce a certificate of regis-
tration the voter be required to make his affi-
davit that he has been registered; or, if the
commanding officer or the person who has
charge of the election is not contented with his
affidavit, he may require such evidence as will
satisfy him that the voter is entitled under this
law to vote. Certainly it seems to me there
can be no provision to meet this case more
equitable or just than the one I suggest. You
must either say that every man in the Soulli
shall vote without any evidence that he has
been registered, which is practically to repeal
the registration altogether, and provide that
rebels and all .who are disfranchised may vote,
or you must adopt the policy suggested by the
Senator, and require the production of the cer-
tificate of registration, which would practically
disfranchise a majority of the colored people.
I believe that naturalized citizens are allowed
to vote on evidence that their certificates of
naturalization have been lost.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 do not know how it
is in other Stales, but in ours no naturalized
citizen is permitted to vote until ho produce the
paper itself.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That may be so in the
State of Pennsylvania, but it is not so in all
the States.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is the case in Maryland.
Mr. BUCKALEW. And everywhere, I dare
say.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am confident that it is
not, and that I can produce laws which author-
ize naturalized citizens to vote on satisfactory
evidence that they have lost their papers.
Mr. POMEROY. I would remind the Sen-
ator, and he must be aware of the fact, that in
many States foreign-born persons are allowed
to vote on having simply declared their inten-
tions to become citizens without having taken
out any papers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly; and I submit
thatthis is not a new rule to be applied in any
particular case, but it seems to me that it is
the only one adapted to the circumstances. It
throws around the ballot-box all the guards
possible. 1 know that there is room for fraud;
it is impossible to prevent that; but the intel-
ligent people of the South will be more likely
to avail themselves of the opportunities for
fraud than those who are so ignorant. The
latter have not so many schemes and devices
by which to defraud the ballot-box as the other
class; they are not the patties who will avail
themselves of this opening to which the Sen-
ator refers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to ask the
Senator if he will accept of this amendment,
" that the affidavit or other evidence shall be
under oath and in writing, and be returned
with the returns of the election 1"
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think I never heard of
an affidavit that was not in writing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know but that
the Senator is right in that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But as to the satisfac-
tory evidence I think that ought to be left to
the discretion of the officer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That satisfactory evi-
dence need not be in writing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not necessarily.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose, then, that
the Senator accept an amendment providing
that it be underoath and be reduced to writing
and be returned with the return of the votes.
That is fair ; there is no trouble about that if
the Senator wants to have it merely fair and
right.
Mr. WILSON. I have no doubt that at
least one hundred thousand persons registered
in these ten States have changed their places
of residence since they were registered. Im-
mense numbers in the beginning of this year
moved from one county to another, from one
portion of Ihe same State to another, and a great
many went from one State to another State,
and of course, in that case, lose their votes
entirely. I take it all that anybody here wants
is to give these poor people a fair opportunity
to vote once. For my part, I have a horror
of the very idea of illegal voting. I live in a
State where such a thing is never dreamed of.
I have attended elections for more than thirty
years, and I never knew an illegal vote given
or a vote bought or a vote sold, and it is just
about as impossible to give a double vote in
my State as it is here in the Senate. A man
has to live in the State a year, in the township
six months, and to pay a tax assessed within
two years and to be registered. There is never
any trouble about it.
in the South many of those who have
removed did not take their certificates of regis-
tration with them. Those certificates were
onlygiven in two States, and there will be tens
of thousands of votes lost unless the people
have an opportunity to prove their right by
other evidence. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has put in a good regulation, I think,
requiring a residence of ten days, which is a
check against interested parties transporting a
voter from one place to another. But I think
we ought to give a fair opportunity to these
people to vote, and it seems to me their affi-
davits ought to be taken into consideration.
If they have not a certificate of registration
let them make oath that they have been regis-
tered, and that they have resided within the
State and district the requisite length of time.
I do not think there will be any trouble grow-
ing out of that. If you require certificates of
registration to be obtained in that country,
situated as things are there, it will be requiring
what is almost an impossibility.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Oregon will not accept the amendment which
1 proposed I will offer it as an amendment to
his amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. His proposition is an
amendment to an amendment now, and we
shall have to vote on it first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The prop-
osition of the Senator from Indiana is not now
in order, because the pending amendment is
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let it be read again.
The Secretary. The amendment of the
Senator from Oregon is to insert after the word
" registration," in the twenty-ninth line of the
amendment of the committee, the words "his
affidavit or other satisfactory evidence."
Mr. BUCKALEW. I really do not know
what the section will mean if amended in that
manner. What this "satisfactory evidence"
may relate to is not stated. It does not mean
that it shall relate to the registration. It will
certainly relate, I suppose, to the-question of
his residence in the district for ten days. It
will be a very blind provision. 1 cannot sat-
isfy my own mind as to what it will mean.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to give notice
that if the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon shall not prevail, I shall move to strike
out the words " upon presentation of his cer-
tificate of registration" and just put the re-
sponsibility upon .the district commander of
establishing proper regulations. I think that
is the better way. We cannot fix the details
of all these matters here without more inform-
ation than we have. I think if you put the
responsibility upon the district commander,
who is there present, he will make a regula-
tion that will be fair and will accomplish the
object. I think the better way, if the pending
amendment be not adopted, will be to strike
out the words which I have mentioned, retain-
ing the amendment which lias already been
agreed to on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator
from Illinois if he does not suppose that the
commanding officers would be bound to con-
strue this law, taking it altogether, as requiring
these persons to vote in the places where they
are registered without some provision allowing
them to vote elsewhere ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have a provision in
allowing them to vote elsewhere on a ten days'
residence "under such regulations the district
commanders may prescribe."
_ The PRESIDENT pro tetnporc> The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment of the committee.
1 lie amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following as an addi-
tional section:
And be it further enacted, That the constitutional
convention of any of the States mentioned in the
acts to which this is amendatory may provide that
at the time ot voting upon the ratification of the
constitution tlio registered voters may vote also tor
members of the House of Representatives ot the
united btates and for all elective officers provided for
by the said coubtituiion ; and the same election offi-
cers who shall make the return of the votes cast on
tnc ratification or rejection of the constitution shall
enumerate and certify the votes cast for members of
Congress and give certificates of election to those
having the largest number of Qualified votes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That seems to imply only
one certificate of election to Congress, and
seems to^ imply. also, that there shall be only
ono election officer or set of officers to certify.
I here ought to be some means in each con-
gressional district, as of course they must vote
by districts for members of Congress, of col-
ating the returns from all the precincts, and
haying one general certificate of some kind.
i SHE-RMAN. I suppose that wiil be
clone by direction of the district commander.
1 copied that part of the amendment from the
House section. Under the existing law the
persons charged with the election certify the
returns to the authority at the seat of govern-
ment At the seat of government the com-
manding oflicer I suppose will certify to the
election of members of Congress. He having
the result of a 1 the elections in all the counties
W!U make perhaps one general certificate.
Mr. LDAIUIvDS. The language of the
amendment is that the election officers who
have charge of the election on the ratification
oi the constitution shall enumerate the votes
tor members of Congress and certify the votes
given. ^ lhat is right so far, but then it goe3 oil
o provide that they shall also give certificates
ot election, which would seem to imply that
for instance, eight or ten officers in a coiigres-
sional district, as there certainly ought to be as
many election officers as that, because there
ought to be that many election places, would
be called upon to certify an election. I snKoest
to the Senator from Ohio whether it would'not
be better to amend it so as to provide first that
