1868.
THE CONGllESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion which he received there was no intimation
of this particular provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to read the information upon which I base my
statement?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. He reads from the report
of General Gillem, who has been all the time
At Vieksburg, but the report of the officer,
Colonel Tourtelotte, who was sent by General
Gillem to examine into the regularity of this
election, shows as follows, on page 23:
"No fraud by registrars appears to have been in-
tended in this matter, as tbey allowed persons else-
where registered to vote only after mutual consulta-
tion and eonsideiation of act of Congress passed
March 11. 1868, but their conduct was very unfortu-
nate, as tlie registration law was thus virtually im-
paired."
But the registrars acted upon consultation
in obediencc to the law, having received in-
telligence of it before the election came off,
and I think they acted clearly right.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think that the state-
ment to which the Senator refers ought to be
compared with the other official information
in this document. I shall not take the time
of the Senate to refer to several other points,
as I have not had leisure and opportunity to
collate and compare the different matters ; but,
clearly, upon this dispatch of the general, who
is responsible for his report, and who is the
authorized officer to communicate to us the
result, it would seein that in point of fact there
was no order or authority by which voles could
be taken under the act of the 31th of March,
and if any election officer proceeded to take
such votes it was without any legal regulation
or any legal authority.
Now, sir, another statement which is made
by one of the subordinate officers, and, I be-
lieve, adopted by the general, is that it cannot
be ascertained on which side these surplus
voters in the two counties cast their ballots.
It will be seen by referring to the table of re-
turns that the number of negative votes in
Pulaski county is a great deal less than these
surplus votes. 1 believe the whole number of
negative votes given in that county is not more
than about one half the total number of surplus
votes recorded in the two counties. Certainly,
sir, some committee ought to examine these
matters of fact and report to us that there is a
satisfactory showing that this constitution was
in point of fact adopted by a majority of the
electors of that State.
Mr. MORTON. No one, Mr. President, is
more anxious than myself to have the Senators
and Representatives from Arkansas admitted
without further delay. There are two very
excellent gentlemen present to-day elected
Senators from Arkansas, whom I shall be very
glad to take by the hand and welcome into this
■body. The evidence in the hands of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and referred to by him, I take
to be entirely satisfactory and sufficient to show
that the conditions provided in the reconstruc-
tion acts have been fully complied with by
Arkansas; that she has formed a constitution
that is republican in its character and form;
that her Legislature has ratified the constitu-
tional amendment; and that Arkansas is now
in a condition to be represented in Congress
again.
Nor do I see the necessity of referring this
matter to a committee. The evidence is in a
nutshell. It is a matter of public notoriety
with which we arc all acquainted. The official
evidence is present in the Senate, and can be
read in twenty minutes. But feeling as I do,
I think there is, perhaps, an impropriety in
attempting to pass this bill to-day; and, for
one, I should prefer to see it lie over until
Monday, and then I think it can be passed in
a very short time. The character of the argu-
ment made this morning by the Senator from
Maryland shows to me what use will be made
of the passage of the bill to-day, or an attempt
to pass it to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
does not mean to say that I would use it for
iany such purpose, but that it would be used.
Mr. MORTON. I did not understand the
Senator from Maryland as saying that it would
be used for such a purpose, but that it might
be; and the character of the speech was cer-
tainly calculated to make that impression upon
the country. The same thing was substan-
tially reiterated or stated by the Senator from
Connecticut. Now, sir, as a simple matter
of fact, the admission of Arkansas to-day, or
the passage of the bill, could not be used upon
the question of impeachment one way or the
other; and I am sure there is no intention of
that character. But, sir, in view of the pres-
ent condition of affairs and of the events that
are impending, I am opposed to any legisla-
tion in the Senate to-day, and I am in fevor
of adjourning the Senate over until next Sat-
urday at half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Make that motion.
Mr. MORTON. If it -is in order, I will
make the motion that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn until half past eleven o'clock
on Saturday; and if that is adopted, I shall
then move to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion can only be entertained by unanimous
consent. Is there any objection to putting the
question?
Mr. DAVIS. I want to say a word on the
reference of this subject.
Mr. CONNESS. Let thatmotion be firstput,
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to adjourn to a certain time is not in order
now. The Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would ask if a motion to
postpone the pending order, in order to put
that motion, would not be in order.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a Senator on the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
question before the Senate, and another motion
cannot be entertained except by unanimous
consent until that is disposed of.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the Senator
from Kentucky is willing to have the question
put.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand by what
right the Senator from Massachusetts gets up
to deprive me of the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all; I beg the Sen-
ator's pardon; it was a misunderstanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. If we are to have a vote now
I am willing to omit saying anything on the
question of adjournment, or any other ques-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. DAVIS. But I do not consult the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. [Laughter.] I will
take my seat with a view to the vote being
taken.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not oppose the ref-
erence of this bill to a committee if it be thought
desirable by any considerable number of the
members of the Senate; but I wish to submit
a remark or two in relation to points that have
been suggested. One is that the votes cast in
Arkansas may have been irregular on account
of the law not having been published in that
State preceding the election. I do not think
that that position is tenable. I suppose the
moment the bill was approved it became the
law of the land; and if the electors in Arkansas
acted in pursuance of its provisions their con-
duct was legal; their votes were legal, whether
they knew of the existence of the law or not.
It was not necessary that they should know of
the existence of the law in order to secure the
legality of their conduct. If they had violated
a criminal statute they could not have pleaded
ignorance of the existence of the law, much
less could it be alleged that their conduct, in a
civil point of view, as citizens of Arkansas,
would be void in the absence of a publication
of the law, when there is nothing, either in the
law or in the Constitution of the United States,
requiring such publication.
Another observation that I desire to make,
and the only one, is that if this bill should be
passed, and representation from Arkansas be
admitted at once, it could only operate favor-
ably. to the President of the United States in
the trial of the impeachment. It is impossi-
sible that it could operate adversely to the
party accused if they were admitted to their
seats instantly, and should participate in. the
decision of that question. There are now fifty-
four Senators in a full Senate, of which thirty-
six affirmative votes are necessary to a convic-
tion and nineteen negative votes are necessary
to an acquittal. If two other Senators were
admitted there would be fifty-six Senators. One
third of fifty-six would be eighteen and two
thirds; twice eighteen and two thirds would be
thirty-seven and one third; and so it would re-
quire thirty-eight votes to convict. One third
of fifty-six being eighteen and two thirds, it
probably would require nineteen to acquit, and
nineteen votes against these articles would ac-
quit the President now. So it is impossible
that the admission of Arkansas and the Sen-
ators-elect to their seats could operate adversely
to the President. I make this statement, which
is based on figures that anybody can make, in
order to set aside any inference that might
possibly be drawn from the suggestions dropped
by the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make one fur-
ther remark, and then I will give the floor to
the Senator from Indiana, and that is, that
there would seem to be a propriety in admit-
ting these States as rapidly as the law and the
facts will permit; for I remember very dis-
tinctly one of the President's attorneys com-
plained of the absence of representation from
ten States of the Union during the pendency
of this trial. Now, to this extent that com-
plaint would be obviated by the admission of
representatives from Arkansas before the trial
shall have been decided; it would diminish the
objection at least one tenth.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ken-
lucky had the lloor and yielded for the purpose
of having the motion made, and I now make
the motion that when the Senate adjourns to-
day it adjourn to meet at half past eleven o' clock
on Saturday next; and if that is adopted I will
then move an adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON"._ Will the honorable mem-
ber waive that motion for a moment to enable
me to move to refer this bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary? That ought to be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a motion pending, and no other motion can
be entertained until that is disposed of, unless
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall have a
vote on the pending question first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the Chair will put the question on
the motion that when the Senate adjourns to-
day itadjourn to meet on Saturday next at half
past eleven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object until we have a
vote on this question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The objec-
tion prevents that motion being put now.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I suggest to my friend
from Indiana that he move to postpone the
pending order in order to make his motion.
Mr. MORTON. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to postpone the bill under consideration until
to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for information
whether a motion to refer or one to postpone
has precedence.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to postpone takes precedence.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate are dis-
posed to acquiesce in postponing this bill until
Monday with the understanding that it shall
then be taken up and disposed of, I will with-
draw my objection to that proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be referred;
it can be reported by that time. _ .
Mr. SHERMAN. The trouble is .that to
refer it will create delay. - ,
Mr. JOHNSON and others. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. A single objection puts
