1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the system under which they were bred. It
seems to me that to propose to them to vote
ou a novel system that is now being discussed
by phi) osopliers and sages and statesmen like my
friend from Pennsylvania would be very absurd.
It ia better to let them take the most simple
form of voting directly for a man that they
desire to represent them rather than to adopt
this system and ingraft it on a mere temporary
reconstruction measure. The election we pro-
vide for is a single election, to be entirely dis-
pensed with when the State is admitted, when
all our machinery falls to the ground. I should,
therefore, dislike very much to see any new ma-
chinery ingrafted on it. Indeed, I have always
thought lhat the simplest form of reconstruc-
tion was the best; to say to these people in as
few words as possible what we require of them
as guarantees of future loyalty, and then let
them take their own way to get back into the
Union upon tlieir compliance with those con-
ditions..
The amendment I have offered is only in
accordance with the action ol' several of these
States ; but thero has been grave doubt as to it,
and I believe it has been decided in one State
that they have no right to go on aiul provide
for the election of local officers. The result
will be that, if we admit any of these States,
we leave thom in a disorganized condition after
they are admitted and their Constitution is up-
proved by Congress, unless they have local
oHieers. They are then to have a new election
without the necessary machinery to elect those
officers and start their State in motion. 1 do-
sire by this amendment to present a scheme by
which, when we do act upon their constitu-
tions, the State may be full-iledged, with local
officers, with a Governor and Legislature and
all the necessary machinery for a complete
State government.
Mr. BUCKALlilW. Mr. President, of course
I am not going now to discuss the proposition
1 suggested. W henever the opportunity arises—
I hope to do it before this measure passes from
the Senate—I think I can show the Senator
from Ohio that he is in error in supposing that
I desire anything complicated or intricate, any-
thing that is not perfectly comprehensible, any-
thing which will cause greater trouble than the
proposition he submits in regard to districts.
But, sir, I do not propose to discuss the mat-
ter now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am opposed to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio. I have
always, upon questions that were not political
in their character, pursued the course of stand-
ing by the action of the committee, and I am
surprised that the chairman should depart from
it on this occasion. It was not on my motion
in the committee that this provision which the
Senator from Ohio now proposes to insert was
stricken out, but it was the decision of the com-
mittee that it ought not to be there, and, being
a very humble member of the committee, I feel
like standing with the committee 011 that ques-
tion, whatever may be my views about other
questions in their report. 1 think the action
of the committee on this point is right in prin-
ciple.
The Senator from Ohio says that these peo-
ple are not much enlightened, scarcely com-
petent to get along with this business. Then,
sir, there ought to be a single question sub-
mitted to them, whether they want this form
of government or not; and to complicate that
with another question which involves the am-
bition of partisans and politicians at an elec-
tion to secure office ought not to be allowed.
I think upon lhat question the committee was
right, and I had expected the chairman of the
committee to vindicate its position upon it.
When the question is submitted whether the
Constitution shall be adopted it ought to be
submitted to the people as a single proposi-
tion, in my judgment. Whether it be in Ala-
bama or in Indiana, a question of this sort
ought not to be mingled with controversies
incident to the election of officeholders. It
ought to stand as a single, naked question. I
' believe that was the view of the committee,
and I think that the Senate ought to stand by
the report of the committee on that question.
Why do you want to elect members of Con-
gress and State officers at the same time that
the constitution is voted on? First decide
whether the State constitution is to be adopted
and afterward elect the officers under it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following pro-
viso :
Provided, navel theless, That upon an election for
tho ratification of any constitution or of officers un-
der the name, previous to its adoption in any such
Stato, 110 person not having the ciuiililicsitions of an
elcotor under tho constitution and laws of such State
previous to the lato rebellion shall bo allowed to vote
unless he shall possess one of tho following qualifica-
tions, to wit: .
Firs!, ho shall have served as a soldier m the 1'ed-
eral Army for one year or more; or,
Second, ho shall have sutiicient education to read
the Constitution of tho United States and to subscribe
his namo to an oath to support tho same; or,
Third, ho shall bo seized in his own risht or in tho
right of his wife of a fieehold of the value of $260.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
011 that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that amendment I
desire to say just one word. I am not ordina-
rily in favor of any property qualification or
any intelligent qualification for electors, and
I would not vote for it in the State in which I
live ; but 1 vote for this amendment because it
is a restriction ou what I regard as an evil, a
limitation upon that evil, i'or lhat reason I
vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. T)ixon, Doolittle, and Hendricks—3.
NAYS—Messrs. iluckalcw, Chandler, Cole. Conk-
ling, (Jorbctt, Ciragm, Davis, Drake. Ferry, Fowler,
ltarlan, Henderson, Howo, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye. Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Pomeroy, Bamsey, Ross. Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner. Thayer, Tipton, Tiumbuii, Van Winkle,
Wade. Wiiley, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Conness, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Guthrie, Howard, Johnson, Morton, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbury, and Sprague—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer this amendment as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the elections herein
provided for shall take place and be closed tho same
day in each State.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to add after the
word "evidence," in the amendment which
was adopted on the motion of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] the words "in writ-
ing and under oath, to be returned with the re-
turns of the election." This is simply a guar-
antee against fraud, requiring that the "satis-
factory evidence" shall be under oath ; that it
shall be reduced to writing; that it shall be
returned with the returns of the election, so
that the party shall have over him the possi-
bility of a prosecution if he sweats falsely.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that if
that amendment he adopted it will require a
great deal longer time to cast the votes in the
southern States than is commonly allowed.
If the voters have to take an oath in writing
and to subscribe to a long document, it will
very much delay the election. We have seen
the manner in which the votes have been cast
in these States and the long time it lias taken,
and we know that in many States an extension
of the time first allowed has been necessary.
This provision will, in my opinion, very much
embarrass the casting of the vote, and there-
fore I shall feel constrained to vote against it.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. All tho gentlemen express
themselves as willing to afford guarantees
against fraud. I will now offer another propo-
sition with a view to that end :
And be it farther enacted, That in the elections re-
ferred to in this aet every person shafl vote viva voce
and not by secret ballot.
I think, if fairness is the object of elections
the viva-voce mode promises much better than
the secret ballot. The opportunities for fraud
by stuffing ballot-boxes and obstructing ballots
and other means of fraud I think are incom-
parably greater in number and more facile
under the system of secret ballot. I therefore
propose this amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I will offer one more propo-
sition in the same line: ,
And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of each commander of the several military districts
to appoint lour scrutinizes for eaeh county of his
district, capable and fit men, two of whom shall have
voted for, and two against, the adoption of the con-
stitution, who shall proceed to scrutinize and purge
each poll-book of their respective counties oi all
illegal votes: and the votes so excluded shall not be
counted in the question of the adoption ot the con-
stitution. Said scrutinizers shall be appointed within
ten days after the termination of the election in each
county; and tho scrutinizing shall be closed within
twenty days after scrutinizes shall have been ap-
pointed and notified of their appointment.
Mr. NYE. I should like to know what the
Senator from Kentucky means by the word
" scrutinizers." What is the exact signifi-
cance of that term'? What is the office that
these scrutinizers are to perform ?
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator
would go into one of these States and were
appointed one of the gentlemen to scrutinize
the votes I suppose he would soon learn what
it meant. I presume he knows what scrutiny
is ; and I presume he knows what the scrutiny
of a poll-book is. If he does not, I propose
to give him a new idea, to teach him a little
on that subject. I propose that the poll-books
in the southern States shall undergo that op-
eration and that all the illegal votes shall be
rejected from them.
Mr. NYE. I should like to know of the
honorable Senator whether they have these
scrutinizers in Kentucky ?
Mr. DAVIS. We have them in Kentucky,
but we call them by another name; that is all.
We have officers who peiform the same office.
Mr. NYE. What do you call them in Ken-
tucky ?
Mr. DAVIS. We call them revisers.
Mr. NYE. I think that is a better word.
[Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the Senate have
determined by a very decided vote that there
shall be no qualification of negro suffrage in
the States of the South, although the amend-
ment which I submitted proposed in the alter-
native the qualification which Massachusetts
applies, or the qualification which Now York
applies, or the further qualification that the
person should have served in the Union Army ;
as the Senate have resolved that suffrage of
the negroes shall be universal, I propose to
enlarge white suffrage somewhat by offering the
following amendmeut:
Provided, That at any such election 110 person shall
be roluscd registration and the privilege of voting
who luid duly received pardon and amnesty under
the laws previous to tho passage ol the aet to which
this is amendatory.
That is, previous to March 2, 1807. I hope
the Senate will adopt this amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. On that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 wish the mover of this
amendment would inform us, that we may
vote intelligently, to what he refers as the act
extending pardon and amnesty ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amendment speaks
of pardons and amnesties grunted before the
reconstruction act of March 2, 1807, was
passed.
Mr. CONKLING. I know that; but I in-
quire what pardon the Senator refers to;
granted how and where?
