382
SUPPLEMENT TO
subsequent, decision in your tribunals of justice.
I read, in the first place, the syllabusas collated
by the reporter [Mr. VVorthington] from the
report itself, and then I will read the decision
of the court. It is the case of Kendall vs. the
United States, 12 Peters. In the syllabus it is
stated that—■
" By an act for the relief of the relators in the case
the Solicitor of the Treasury was directed to audit
their claims for certain services, and the Postmaster
General was directed to credit them with the sum
thus found due. The Postmaster General upon tho
settlement of the claim by the Solicitor credited the
relators with a part of the amount found due, but
refused to credit them with the remainder. A man-
ilainw was applied for and issued by the circuit court
of the District, whereupon the Postmaster General
brought the ease before the Supreme Court by a writ
of error."
Upon th e h earing of that case in the Suprem e
Court, Justice Thompson pronounced the uni-
ted judgment of the court as follows:
" It was urged at tho bar that tho Postmaster Gen-
eral was alone subject to thedircetionand control of
the President with respect to tho execution of the
duty imposed upon liirn by this law: and this right
of the President is claimed as gi owing out of the
obligation imposed upon him by the Constitution to
take care that the laws be faithfully executed. This
is a doctrine that cannot receive the sanction of tins
court. It would bo vesting in tho President a dis-
pensing power, which has 110 countruunca for its sup-
port in any partof the Constitution, and is asserting
a principle whichj if carried out in its results to all
cases falling within it. vvould be clothing tho Presi-
dent with a power entirely to control the legislation
of Congress and paralyze the administration of jus-
tice.
"To contend that the obligation imposed on the
President to see tho laws faithfully executed implies
a power to i'orbid their execution, is a novel con-
struction of tho Constitution, and entirely inadmis-
sible."—12 I'etcru, p. 012.
I ask you, Senators, to consider whether I
was not justifiable in saying that it was a tax
upon one's patience to sit here and listen from
day to day and from week to week to these
learned arguments made in defense of the Pres-
ident, all resting upon his asserted executive
prerogative to dispense with the execution of
the laws and protect himself from trial and
conviction before this tribunal, because lie said
that he only violated the laws in order to test
their validity in the Supreme Court, when that
court had already decided thirty years ago that
any such assumed prerogative in the President
enabled him to sweep-away all the legislation
of Congress and prevent the administration of
justice itself, ami found no countenance in lite
Constitution ? J suppose, Senators, that the
learned ex-Attorney (ieneral thought that there
was something here that might disturb the har-
mony and the order of their argument in this
decision of Kendall vs. the United States, and
so in his concluding argument for the accused
he attempted to fortily against such conse-
quences by calling to his aid the decision of
the present Chief Justice in what is known as
the Mississippi ease. With all respect to the
learned ex-Attorney General, and to all his
associates engaged in this trial, I take it upon
me to say that the decision pronounced by his
honor the Chief Justice of the United States
in the Mississippi case has no more to do with
the question involved in this controversy than
has the Koran of Mohammed, and the gentle-
man was utterly inexcusable in attempting to
force that decision into this case in aid of any
such proposition as that involved in this con-
troversy, and made, as I shall show before I
have done with it, directly by the President
himself in his answer, as well as by the lips of
his retained counsel.
What did his honor the Chief Justice decide
in the Mississippi case ? Nothing in the woild
but this, as is well known to every lawyer ill
America, even to every student of the law
versed not beyond the horn-books of his pro-
fession, that where the law vested the Presi-
dent. with discretionary power his judgment in
the exercise of his discretion, under the law,
until that judgment was overruled by the legis-
lative power of the nation, concluded all par-
ties. We agree to it. The learned Senator
from New 1'ork, who honors me with his atten-
tion. [Mr. Coxklisg,] knows that before he
was born that question was decided precisely
in the same way in the great State which he
so honorably represents here to-day, and is
reported in 12 Wlieaton ; but it does not touch
this question at all, and the proposition is
so foreign to the question that it is like one
of those suggestions referred to by Webster
upon one occasion when he said to make it to
a right-minded man is to insult his intelli-
gence. I read, however, from the opinion of
the Chief Justice, and in reading from it I
wish to be understood that I agree with every
word and letter and syllable which the Chief
Justice uttered; but it does not touch this ques-
tion. The Attorney General, in citing, prefaced
it with these words :
" It is sufficient upon this point to cite a late opinion
of the Supremo Court of tho United States, in what
is called the Mississippi injunction case, decided
April, 1867. Mr. Chief Justice Chase, delivering the
opinion of the court, says:
"' It is assumed by thccounsel forthe State of Mis-
sissippi that the President in the execution ot the
reconstruction acts is required to perform a mere
ministerial duty. In this assumption there is, we
think, a confounding of the terms ministerial and
executive, which are by no means equivalent in im-
port. A ministerial duty, the performance of which
may, in proper cases, be required ot a head of a De-
partment by judicial process, is one m rcspcct to
which nothing is left to discretion. It is a simple,
definite duty, arising under conditions admitted or
proved to exist, or imposed by law,'"
After citingsome cases of merely ministerial
duty, the Chief Justice proceeds as follows:
" In each of these cases nothing was left to discre-
tion. There was no room for tho exercise of judg-
ment. The law required the performance of asingle,
specific act,and that performance, itwas held,might
be required by mnudamus. Very diiferent is tho duty
of the President in the exerciso of the power to see
that tho laws aio faithfully executed, and among tho
laws the aets named in the bill."
What acts? The reconstruction act that
vested him with a very large discretion to the
hurt of tlie nation :
"Tho duty thus imposed on tho President is in no
just sense ministerial. It is purely executive and
political. An attempt on the part of tho judicial
department of the Government to enjoin the perform-
ance of such duties by the President might be justly
characterized, in the language of Chief Justico Mar-
shall, as an 'absurd and oxcessivc extravagance.' It
is true that, in tho instance before us, the interposi-
tion of theeourt is notsouglit to enforce action by tho
executive under constitutional legislation, but to
restrain such action under legislation alleged to be
unconstitutional. But we arc unable to perceive that
this circumstanec takes tho ease out of the general
principle which forbids judicial interference with the
cxercisc of executive discretion."
What oil earth has that to do with the ques-
tion in issue here ? I may have occasion, Sen-
ators, and you will pardon mo if I avail myself
of the opportunity, to say that tho law which
is called in question here this day leaves no
discretion whatever in the Executive, and, in
the language of his honor the Chief Justice,
imposed upon him a plain unequivocal duty,
about which he was not even mistaken him-
self. I count myself, therefore, justified, even
at this stage of my argument, in reiterating
my assertion that the decision in the Missis-
sippi ease has nothing whatever to do with the
principle involved in this controversy, and that
the President has no excuse whatever for at-
tempting to interfere with and set aside the
plain mandates and requirements of the law.
There was no discretion left in him whatever ;
and even his counsel had not the audacity to
argue here before the Senate that the act of
1807 which is called in question by this Ex-
ecutive, who lias violated its provisions, dis-
pensed with its execution, and defied its
authority, left any discretion in him. The point
they make is that it is unconstitutional and no
law ; and that is the very point settled in Ken-
dall vs. the United States, that the power
vested in the President, " to take care that the
laws be faithfully executed" vests in him no
power to set aside a law of the United States,
and to diieet the head of a Department to dis-
obey it, and authorize the head of the Depart-
ment to plead his royal mandate in a court of
justico in excuse and justification of his re-
fusal to obey the plain requirement of the law.
It is written in the Constitution that "he shall
take care that the laws be faithfully executed.''
Are we to mutilate the Constitution, and for
the benefit of the accused to interpolate into
the Constitution a word which is not there and
the introduction of which would annihilate the
whole system, that is to say, that "the Presi-
dent shall take care that the laws which he ap-
proves, and only the laws which he approves,
shall be faithfully executed?" This is at last
the position assumed for the President by him-
self in his answer and assumed for him by his
counsel in his defense; and the assumption
conflicts with all that I have already read from
the Constitution, with all that I have already
read of its judicial interpretation and construc-
tion ; and it conflicts as well with all that re-
mains of the instrument itself. It is useless
to multiply words to make plain a self-evident
proposition ; it. is useless to attempt to imply
this power in the President to set aside and dis-
pense with the execution of the laws in the face
of the express words of the Constitution, that
"all legislative power granted by this Consti-
tution shall be vested in a Congress which shall
consist of a Senate and a House of Represent-
atives," that he shall be sworn "faithfully to
execute the office of President," and therefore
faithfully to discharge every obligation which
the Constitution enjoins, first and foremost of
which obligations is thus written on the very
fore-front of the instrument, that he shall take
care that the laws enacted by the people:s rep-
resentatives in Congress assembled shall be
faithfully executed—not some of the laws; not
the laws which he approves ; but the laws shall
be executed until the same shall have been
duly repealed by the power that made thein or
shall have been constitutionally reveised by the
Supreme Court of the United States acting
within the limitations and under the restrictions
of the Constitution itself.
We have heard much, Senators, in the pro
gress of this discussion, about the established
custom of the people of this country ; we have
heard much about the long-continued practice
of eighty years under the Constitution and
laws of the United States. You have listened
in vain, Senators, for a single citation of a
single instance in the history of the .Republic
where there was an open violation of the writ-
ten law of this land, either by the Executive,
by States, or by combinations of men, which
the people did not crush at the outset and put
down. That is a fact in our history creditable
to the American people, and a fact that ought
to be considered by the Senate when they come
to sit in judgment upon this case now made
before thorn lor the first time under the Con-
stitution of the United States, whether the
President is above the laws and can dispense
with their execution with impunity in the ex-
ercise of what is adroitly called his judicial
power of interpretation.
I need not remind Senators of that fact
in our early history when, by insurrection,
a certain act was attempted to be resisted
in the State of Pennsylvania, when Wash-
ington took measures promptly to crnsb
the first uprising of insurrection against the
majesty of tho laws. The gentlemen have
attempted to summon to their aid the great
name of the hero of New Orleans It is
fresh within the recollection of Senators, as
it is fresh within the recollection of millions
of the people of this country, that, when the
State of South Carolina, in the exercise of
what she called her sovereign power as a
State, by ordinance attempted to set aside
the laws of the United States for the collec-
tion of customs, the President of the United
States, Andrew Jackson, not unmindful of
his oath—although the law was distasteful
to him, and it is a fact that has passed into
history that he even doubted its constitution-
ality—yet, nevertheless, issued bis proclama-
tion to the insurgents, and, lifting his hand,
swore " by the Eternal the Union must and
shall be preserved." There was no recog-
nition here of the right either in himself or in
a State to set aside the laws.
Gentlemen, there is acase still fresher within
the recollection of Senators, and still fresher
in the recollection of the people of this coun-
try, that attests more significantly than any
other the determination of the peoplo to abide
