32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
a tax upon the product of a particular section
of the Union, not a general but a special tax,
not uniform but partial and discriminating in
its operation, it is a sectional measure, and
whether originating as a war measure or not,
is obnoxious in my judgment to the provisions
of the Constitution to which I have referred,
and should therefore be repealed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, in the
time allotted to nie I can of course present my
views but very briefly and imperfectly upon the ,
question now before the House for discussion, j
It is unquestionably a subject of very great ;
importance. I have so regarded it from the j
time when the question as to this cotton tax
was first brought before the Congress of the
United States. I considered the imposition
of this tax originally as wrong, as unconstitu-
tional, as against all sound policy; and in my
judgment then and now it should never have
been adopted by Congress. It is a tax excep-
tional in its character, in violation of the spirit
as well as the express provisions of the Con-
stitution, which have been referred to by my
colleague, [Mr. Borr.] That this measure is
in clear anu palpable violation of the Consti-
tution has I think been demonstrated; and I
do not propose at this time to go into the argu-
ment on that subject 5 indeed it would be
impossible to do 60 in the time allowed me.
Any gentleman who will investigate the subject
without prejudice must, it seems to me, come
to the conclusion that this tax originally was
unwarranted by the Federal Constitution, and
was against every principle of sound policy.
If this be so, the tax ought not only to be re-
pealed so far as it may affect crops hereafter
to be produced, but the repeal ought to take
effect instantly; and I do not see any force in
the objections which gentlemen have urged in
reply to the argument iq favor of the immediate
repeal.
It is said that repeal at this time will pro-
duce but little benefit to the producer, ana all
the benefits will accrue to the speculator, fac-
tor, and those trading in this production. Sir,
to a greater or less extent every change in
taxation produces inequalities and injustice,
whether the tax be increased or decreased.
This only shows the necessity for some uni-
form and consistent system of taxation which
will be permanent in its character. If you
increase the tax on whisky at this time you
would benefit one portion of the community
and injure another. If you reduce it the result
will in this respect be the same ; it will benefit
some while it will injure others. So it is in
regard to every subject of taxation.
A large proportion of this production of cot-
ton is in the hands of producers; but if there
was only one pound remaining in the hands of
a producer I say that not one cent should be
taken from an American citizen by the opera-
- tion of a law passed in violation of the Consti-
tution and opposed to every principle of sound
policy in legislation. It was contrary to the
principles of taxation established in this Gov-
ernment from its foundation to the present
time. And, sir, if it had been believed by the
framers of that instrument that under it Con-
gress would claim the right to select articles of
this character for taxation by which one sec-
tion might be oppressed and impoverished, or
its chief productions crushed out of existence,
that Constitution would never have been
adopted.
A contract of a combination of speculators
has been brought in here for the purpose of
effect upon the House at this time. That
properly should not influence the vote of a
single member. If this tax is taken off now
the movement of these speculators will be
checkmated so far as the tax to be collected
hereafter is concerned. The purposes of this
combination as detailed here is to proceed
before the Court of Claims and Congress to
recover the tax which they claim has been
unconstitutionally collected. There is of course
nothing wrong or illegal in this. But it is plain
to the simplest comprehension that the more
tax collected the greater will be the specula-
tion, if there is any speculation in it. Bv this
repeal, then, you defeat their purpose so far as
future collections are concerned. By continu-
ing this tax von only play into the hands of
these speculators.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I desire briefly
to say that, having been originally opposed to
this law and the imposition of this tax, because
I believed it to be wrong, I am now opposed
to its continuance and in favor of its repeal,
because in my judgment now as at the time
the law was enacted it is unconstitutional and
the tax unjust. I oppose it also because it is
based upon no sound principle of public policy,
and operates with great severity upon one sec-
tion of the country. It utterly disregards the
constitutional injunction that "no tax or duty
shall be laid on articles exported from any
State." Cotton is chiefly an article of export.
It was the beneficent purpose of the framers
of our organic law, knowing as they did that
the vast extent of our country embraced soil
and climate suited to the production of almost
every article needed for the support of man-
kind, that the products of our soil should
enjoy free competition with those of all other
countries. It was not intended that they should
be subject to any such tax as this. If cotton
can be so taxed, so also can wheat, and hemp,
and tobacco, and all other products of the soil,
in the raw material, and if they can be taxed one
cent per pound or ten cents per bushel then
the power to tax them is unlimited, and may
be exercised according to the changing views
of Congress or the mere whims or prejudices
of party.
I insist that such a tax has no warrant in the
Constitution, and ought to be repealed. I am
in favor of its unconditional repeal, without
reference to any collateral issues or suggestions
made to-day touching the effect of that repeal.
In other words, I bold it is never too soon for
this House or this Congress to undo or annul
any unconstitutional and unjust act.
This tax on cotton is oue of two things: it
is either a duty, an impost, or an excise, or it
is a direct tax as defined in the Constitution
and by the decisions of the Supreme Court.
If it is a duty, impost, or excise, and not a
direct tax, then, under the express language
of the Constitution, it should be assessed on
the principle of uniformity, bearing equally
upon all articles of like general character
throughout the country, for that instrument
declares that "all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform throughout the United States.''
But this tax is not so assessed. It is confined
to one article in its crude and unmanufactured
form, and that article is confined to aud pro-
duced only in one section of the country. But
no one will contend that this tax is in fact or
law a duty, impost, or excise. It is fair to
presume that if the House had so considered
it the tax would have been very differently
imposed.
If it is a direct tax then it is obnoxious to
the objection that it is not imposed upon the
States according to their population, because
the Constitution declares that "no capitation
or other direct tax shall be laid unless in pro-
portion to the census." That it is a direct
tax I think admits of but little doubt, qnd
therefore it should be apportioned among the
States, if it is to be imposed at all. But I
know of no precedent for the direct taxation
of agricultural products, and I do not believe
there is any authority for any Federal tax upon
them in kind. It is admitted by all that Con-
fress cannot impose a tax directly upon land in
ind, and collect it of the individual owner in
the first instance. I hold that the agricultural
products of the land sustain the same relations
to the taxing power as the land itself. If taxes
are to be imposed directly upon the land, orits
products in kind, they should therefore be
apportioned among the States, and, upon the
most obvious principles of justice and equality,
they should be imposed in equal measure upon
all the laud or all the agricultural products of
all the land in the country, and not upon some
exceptional article produced in one section
alone.
I object to this tax because it is imposed
according to no rule laid down in the Consti-
tution. It is imposed upon a principle that is
in its very nature arbitrary, and it cannot be
anything"else. It is imposed on one article
produced in one section of this country, and on
a principle essentially sectional in its charac-
ter and in its bearing. I submit, therefore, it
is in direct violation of the principle, the spirit,
and letter of these provisions of the Constitu-
tion.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, if this House has
the power to impose this exceptional tax, then
one section of the country has placed in its
hands a power by which, when it finds it has
a predominance in this body, it may oppress
by discriminating legislation every other sec-
tion of the country.
The North, the East, aud the West may
oppress the South to-day ; to-morrow the East
and the middle States in combination with the
South may oppress the great West by levying
a similar tax upon the products of that section
of the country. In other words I mean that
whenever this principle of the arbitrary right
of Congress to impose taxes upon the products
of the soil of this country becomes a part of
the fundamental law of the land, then there
will be no longer any security against this sort
of unequal, unjust and sectional legislation of
which this tax on cotton was and is so appro-
priate and dangerous an example.
I submit, therefore, that, in view of the decis-
ions of the court of last resort in this country
and the opinions of the early fathers of the
Republic on this great question, it is clear that
this tax on cotton was- in its inception, as it is
to-day, an illegal, unequal, unjust, and above
all an unconstitutional tax, and ought to be
repealed.
Mr. SCHBNCK. Mr. Speaker, I shall now
demand the previous question, but I wish to
make it apply to the pending amendments and
not to the bill itself. I will explain why. The
arguments submitted by gentlemen against the
constitutionality of this tax implies a recogni-
tion of the right of persons to seek to recover
back what they have paid in some form. I
shall therefore leave the bill open to one more
amendment, which my colleague [Mr. Law-
rence] wishes to offer to prohibit suits upon
claims for the recovery back of the tax already
paid.
The SPEAKER. It will be necessary for
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller]
to withdraw the motion to recommit before any
further amendment can be offered.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
being withdrawn the amendment to add instruc-
tions falls with it.
The previous question was then seconded on
the pending amendments, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does my right to reply to
the various points inure now?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can take
his hour now or upon the bill itself.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have already indicated
my objec/^in calling the previous question upon
the pending amendments only. It is that I may
let in and have voted upon by the House an
amendment, to be proposed by my colleague,
to prohibit suits recovering back, upon any pre-
text whatever, any tax that may have been paid
upon ootton. I will not go now into the con-
stitutional argument with which the gentlemen
on the other side have closed this debate. I
have maintained from the beginning that the
tax on eotton, as one of the agricultural prod-
ucts of the country, is an exceptional tax—a
departure from the general policy of the Uni-
ted States, wthioh has been not to tax the prod-
ucts of the soil until they have changed their
form by process of manufacture.
Gentlemen have put their constitutional argu-
ment, m I andergtand, upon the ground that
