4488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will look at section six in the bill lie
will consider the amendment that I have pro-
posed from the Committee on Commerce pref-
erable. There are certain hinds of fur-bearing
animals upon which the natives subsist or get
tlieir living. We do not think we can put a
stop to the killing of those kinds without, doing
great injustice to the people tlierS. But we
do prohibit the killing of the fur seal until
Congress shall take further action. This is
merely a temporary measure until Congress
shall have time to digest a code of laws, as
they call it, for the government of this whole
Mr. DELANO. I would be glad to have
the section reported.
The Clerk read as follows:
And he it further enacted. Th at until Congress shall
otherwise provide by law, tho Secretary of tho Treas-
ury, with the approval of the President, Khali liavo
power to prescribo such rules and regulations as he
may think proper in relation to tho killing and to
the preservation of fur-bearing animals from indis-
criminate destruction: Provided, That no special
privileges shall be granted under this act.
Mr. FERRISS. I understood the gentleman
to say there were several of tho fur-bearing
animals upon which the inhabitants of the
country subsisted. I desire to know whether
it is the otter or the mink on which the people
live ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman misunderstood me. They get their liv-
ing by killing the animals and selling their
furs.
I now yield to my colleague on the Commit-
tee on Commerce, the gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Axtell,] who has a more intimate
acquaintance with the subject than I have.
Mr. AXTELL. I observe that the sum
appropriated to carry out the provisions of
this act is left at $25,000. I thought the Com-
mittee on Commerce authorized an amendment
increasing the amount.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
not yet come to that.
Mr. AXTELL. We propose to amend the
sixth section by prohibiting the killing of the
fur-bearing seal. I hope that amendment
will prevail. They are very peculiar animals,
and if not killed only at certain seasons and
under certain regulations they forsake the
islands where they usually resort. The Russian
Government only allowed the killing of a lim-
ited number, and those were to be males of a
certain age. The animals are almost tame,
and unless the killing of them is regulated, they
will soon be exterminated. We thought, as
the session was so near its close, it was better
to pass this sort of game law prohibiting their
being killed at all until the next session of
Congress.
Mr. PAINE. I think that in some partic-
ulars the amendment of the Committee on
Commerce is better than the section of the ori-
ginal bill; but in one particular I think the sec-
tion is better than the amendment. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] informed
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] in
answer to a question, that the amendment
Absolutely prohibits the killing of seals until
further legislation by Congress. But I did not
so understand the amendment. I understood
from the reading that it absolutely prohibits
the killing of seals and other animals, with a
proviso that they may be killed under certain
regulations to bo prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury. I am informed that I am
incorrect as to seals, and I will admit that it is
so. But there is still this difference between
the bill as it conies to us from the Senate and
the amendment of the committee. The bill,
as it comes to us from the Senate, prohibits the
Secretary of the Treasury from extending any
special privileges in regard to these fur-bearing
animals; whereas that clause does not appear in
the amendment of the committee, unless I am
mistaken on that point also, and I listened very
carefully to the reading of the amendment. I
would inquire whether that clause which pro-
hibits the Secretary of the Treasury from ex-
tending special privileges is not omitted in the
amendment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is, and
I think it would be very well to put it in. I am
the last man that wants special privileges given.
If the gentleman desires to move that amend-
ment, I will yield to him for the purpose.
Mr. PAINE. I move, then, to amend the
amendment by adding to it the words :
Provided, That no special privileges shall be granted
under this act.
I offer that amendment, but I shall of course
vote against the whole bill.
Mr. AXTELL. I think the Committee on
Commerce would agree to that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
was then adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to add to the third section what I send to the
Clerk's desk. I will state that the Treasury
Department desired that we should put in an
amendment providing for six deputy collec-
tors. We declined to do that, as the commit-
tee thought they could get along if we added
to the section what I now offer.
The Clerk read as follows:
And that from any deputy collector of customs
upon whom thero has been orfahall hereafter bo con-
ferred any of the powers of collector under and by
virtue of tho twenty-ninth section of tho act farther
to prevent smuggling and for other purposes, ap-
proved July 18, 1866, tho Secretary of tho Troasury
shall have power to reauire bonds in favor of tho
United States in such amount as saidSecrotary shall
prescribo for the faithful discharge of official duties
by such deputy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now very
reluctantly move another amendment to the
last section of this bill, because it increases
the amount appropriated. The Senate pro-
pose to appropriate the amount of $25,000.
The Treasury Department say they cannot
possibly get along with less than $100,000.
The Committee on Commerce do not agree to
the increase to that amount, but they have in-
structed me to move an amendment, which I
now do, to increase the appropriation from
$25,000 to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washhurke] to state to the
House whether he does not believe that the
result of this legislation will be to increase the
expenses of this Government some millions of
dollars each year?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
much afraid of all this legislation in regard to
the territory of Alaska. But when the Com-
mittee on Commerce, of which I am chairman,
instruct me to report a bill with amendments,
I am obliged to do so.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill, and being taken, it was agreed to; there
being upon a division—ayes sixty-one; noes
not counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House bills
of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 910) for the relief of the
grantees of Ann S. Durding ;
A bill (H. It. No. 1052) amendatory of an
act entitled " An act granting public lands to
the State of Wisconsin to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in said State," approved June
3, 1850 ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1447) granting the right
of way to certain railway corporations over the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth.
sympathy will crete.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman from Nevada
[Mr Ashley] having withdrawn his objection,
1 now ask, by direction of the Committee of
Foreign Affairs, to take up from the Speaker's
table, for consideration at this time, Senate
joint resolution No. 169, appeaiingtotheTurk-
ish Government in behalf of the people of
Crete.
The joint resolution was taken up, and read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering it to be read
a third time.
Thefirst section of the joint resolution, which
was read, states that the people of the United
States renew the expression of their sympathy
with the suffering people of Crete, to whom they
are bound by the ties of a common religion,
and by the gratitude due to the great race of
which the Cretans are a part, and they rejoice
to believe that the sufferings of that interest-
ing people may be hapjsily terminated by for-
bearance on the part of the Turkish Govern-
ment, and they hereby declare their earnest
hope that the Turkish Government will listen
kindly to this representation, and speedily
adopt such steps as will secure to the Cretans
the blessings of peace and the advantages of
good government. The second section declares
that religion, civilization, and humanity require
that the existing contest in Crete shallbe brought
to a close; and to accomplish this result the civil-
ized Powers of the world should unite in friendly
intervention with the Government of Turkey.
The third section provides that it shall be the
duty of the President to instruct the minister
of the United States at Constantinople to co-
operate with the ministers of other Powers
in all good offices to terminate the sufferings
of the people of Crete, and that it shall be the
further duty of the President to communicate
a copy of these resolutions to the Government
of Turkey.
Mr. MYERS. I will now call the previous ■
question, merely stating that this joint resolu-
tion was reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations of the Senate, and has the
approval of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
of tho House ; and I believe it is responsive to
the wishes of the American people.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was unani-
mously passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
treatment of prisoners by rebels.
Mr. SHANKS. I am instructed by the select
Committee on theTreatment of Prisoners ofWar
and Union Citizens by the j-ebel authorities to
submit a partial report, and to ask for further
time to take testimony, the authority heretofore
possessed by the committee having been taken
away by a resolution of the House adopted
to-day.
Mr. NIBLACK. What particular object
does the gentleman expect to accomplish by
the further prosecution of this inquiry? The
war is now over, and the States lately in rebel-
lion are being readmitted into the Union.
Mr. SHANKS, lhe object is to make 3
record of the treatment of prisoners of war and
of Union citizens by the rebel authorities, so
that the country may know what that treatment
was. The committee think it important to put
upon record the facts in the case, and that such
a record will be valuable in all time to come.
\Y e think it is highly important that the rebel
records should be collated which are now in
the War Department, and which they are col-
lecting for us; that they should be collated
and put m such shape that the American peo-
ple may see and know for themselves what has
been the treatment of prisoners of war and of
Union citizens by the men who were in rebel-
lion against the Government. We want to
make such a record that men hereafter will not
commit these high crimes against the defenders
of the Republic. The committee in all earnest-
