1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one thousand and ninety-five of the regulations, and
it is respectfully recommended that tlic papers in this
ease be referred to his oiBee.   
A. A. HUMPHREYS.
Chip/ of Engineers, Major General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of Wur.
IIeadqeabters CoRrs op Enginerrs.
Washington', Fcbmari/10,l°o8-
Official: THOMAS LINCOLN CASJiY,
Mi'jor oj Engineers and JJrcv. Col. U.  V- A.i my.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; mid being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTIONS IN SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thai the Secretary of "War and the Gen-
eral of the Army be severally directed to communi-
cate to this House the reports of the several district
commanders of the elections heldforand against the
ratification ot the proposed constitutions in the
States ot Georgia, North Carolina. South Carolina,
and Louisiana, and for the election of officers there-
under m said States, together with all the accom-
panying papers forwarded by them or any of them
touching said election or the revised registration
authorized by the reconstruction acts of Congress.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRY ISARRIOIU.OW.
Mr. IIOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 10G3) for the relief
of Henry Barrieklow; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT TOR 1807.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was referred under the law to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there shall be printed, for the use
of the members of the House of Representatives,
one hundred and eighty thousand copies of the an-
nual report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for
the year 1867, to be distributed in equal numbers to
each of the congressional districts of the United
States.
PUGET SOUND, ETC., RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. PRICE called for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
call of committees for reports, commencing
with the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
that committee being eiititled to another morn-
ing hour.
Mr. PPJCE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, reported back, with amend-
ments, a bill (H. Ii. No. 184) to incorporate
the Puget Sound and Columbia River Railroad
Company.
The bill was read.
Mr. PRICE. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to offer several amendments. The first
is to add to the names of the corporators the
following: R. R. Haines, P. T. McElroy,
Joseph Cashman, George A. Barnes, T. J.
Mclviimey, Frederick A. Clark, S. D. Home,
Marshall F. Moore, G. A. Meigs, Arthur A.
Spinney, G. V. Calhoun, Cyrus Walker, A. A.
Denny, P. D. Moore, C. i3. P. Wood, Philip
Ritz, D. S. Baker, E. L. Fowler, Hazard Ste-
vens, Philip Keach, P. Becher Van Trump.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I am also directed by the
committee to offer the following amendment:
In the seventeenth and eighteenth lines of the first
section strike out " the town of Steilacoom" and
insert "some point;" so as to read, "beginning at
some point on Puget sound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I also submit on behalf of the
committee the following amendment:
In the eighteenth line of the first section strike out
the words "Pierce county."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I am also directed by the com-
mittee to submit the following amendment:
In the eighth line of the second section insert after
the word "said " the words " right ofso as to read,
"said right of way is granted to said railroad," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I also offer on behalf of the
committee the following amendment:
In the ninth line of the second section strike out
" two" and insert "one;" so as to read, "to the
extent of one hundred feet in width," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. The committee has also di-
rected me to submit the following amendment:
At the end of the second section strike out the fol-
lowing words: "And the right of way shall ho exempt
from taxation."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I also submit, by direction of
the committee, the following amendment:
In the eighth line of the third section strike out
"twenty" and insert "ten;" so as to read, "ten
alternato sections."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to offer an amendment to this third
section. *
Mr. PRICE. I prefer that the amendments
of the committee should first be acted on.
Some of them may accomplish the object de-
sired by the gentleman.
I am directed by the committee to offer a
further amendment:
In the twenty-third lino of the third section strike
out "fifty " and insert "thirty; "so as to read, "thirty
miles."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move, on the eighth and
ninth pages, to strike out these words :
And said commissioners in their assessment of
damages shall appraise such promises at what would
have been the value thereof if the road had not been
built.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE, I move, on page 11, to strike
out these words :
But in case no claimant shall appear within six
years from the time of opening said road across any
land, all claims to damages against said company
shall be forever barred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move, 011 page 12, section
eleven, line two, to strike out the word "pro-
ceedings" and in lieu thereof to insert "re-
ceipts so it will read as follows :
Si:c. 11. And be it further enacted. That thedirce-
tors of said company shall make an annual report of
their receipts and expendituies, verified by the nlh-
davits of the president and at least three of the
directors ; and they shall, from time to time, fix, de-
termine, and regulate the fares, tolls, and charges to
be received and paid for transportation of persons
and property on said road, or any part thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move 011 the fourteenth page,
line ten, after the word " territoiy," to insert
"and by mailing a copy of said notice to such
stockholder so it will read:
Sixty days' previous noticc shall bo given of the
payments required and of the time and plaeo of
payment, hy publishing a notice in one newspaper
in Washington Territory, and by mailing a copy, ka.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move, after the word "pay,"
in line eleven, same page, to insert "within
thirty days after the expiration of said sixty
days."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I now move, on page 15, line
twelve, to strike out "assume" and insert
" issue," a mere verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move, on page 15, line nine-
teen, to strike out the words, "and all sales
of stock bonds that may be made at less than
par value shall be good and binding upon the
company as if such bonds had been sold for
the full value thereof."
Mr. PRUYN. 1 should like to inquire of
the chairman of the committee whether the
previous clauses of the bill say that less than
par would be valid, or is it his intention to
make it invalid if sold at less than par ?
Mr. PRICE. This makes the section: con-
form to the rest of the bill if it be adopted,
lhe object of the committee-was to' prevent
the company putting the bonds upon the mar-
ket and buying them at less than par.
Mr. PRLJ YN. If I understand tire chair-
man correctly, the effect of other portions of
the bill is that they may sell to other parties
under par. I am not familiar with the bill. -
Mr. PRICE. That is not the intention, and
that would not be the effect.
Mr. PRUYN. If that is the intention, to
prevent the directors purchasing at less than
par, it ought to be in the nature of a prohibi-
tion, and not general.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move after the word "work-
ing," in the sixteenth section, line four, to
insert "order," a verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. At the end of the bill I move
to add the following:
Provided, however, That the lands hereby granted
to said railroad company shall be sold on application
to actual settlers in quantities not greater than 0no
quarter section to any one person, and at a price to
be fixed by the company which shall build the road
not exceeding three dollars per acre; and all sales so
made by said company shall be made on the follow-
ing terms, to wit: Ono fourth of the amount thereof
shall be paid in cash at the time of purchase by the
actual settler, and the balance in three equal annual
payments, withinterest not to exceed seven percent,
per annum until paid.
Mr. PliUYN. I ask the gentleman to mod-
ify it so it will read " with the privilege to the
purchaser to pay m full."
Mr. PRICE. I have.no objection to that.
Mi'. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
offer an amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I will hear it read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Iowa will allow me to offer
a few amendments.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
strike out all after the word "provided" and
insert .the following:
That all lands which may be granted to said com-
pany to aid in the construction of said railway shall
be sold by said company only to actual settlers, in
quan titles not greater than one quarter section to any
one person, and at a price not exceeding $1 2o per
acrc; and the Secretary of the Interior shall have
power to prescribe rules and regulations for carrying
this act into effect; and no person shall bo deemed
an actual Settler who does not furnish evidence in
such foi m as tho Secretary of the Interior may pre-
scribe that it is his or her intention to enter upon,
improve, and reside upon the lands he or she may
purchase as and lor a homestead.
I hope the amendment I submit will meet
the approval of the House. I trust my efforts
in behalf oi actual settlers have done some good.
On the 20th of January I introduced a bill sub-
stantially in the words of the amendment 1 have
now submitted. I am not aware that any such
provision was made at any prior time, and the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] has only
adopted in part, by his amendment, the prin-
ciple of my bill. I11 any event I will not com-
mit myself in favor of this bill until I see some
greater necessity for it.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield to allow that
amendment, for reasons which I will state in a
word. The lands retained by the Government
are to be sold at $2 50 per acre, and this
amendment proposes to compel the company
to sell their lands at $1 25. That reason is
easily understood. Then there is another
reason, which I presume the gentleman does
not consider. Immediately along the track of
the railroad the lands are much more valuable
than from five, ten, or fifteen miles from it.
By the terms of the bill, as amended, the com-
pany cannot ask more than three dollars per
acre for any of their lands. That is the most
they can get for lands lying immediately on
the track, and for land lying beyond they will,
of course, be obliged to take a great deal less.
They can, therefore, only get fifty cents per
acre more for any of their land than the Gov-
ernment gets for its land. Now, if you adop
the amendment of the gentleman from u 10,
[Mr. Lawrence,] of course the land grant
will be worth next to nothing. ~
! In this connection I want to say to the Honse
's/
