1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3S
this is a sectional tax affecting the product of
one region of the country ; that although it is
a tax which applies in general terras to cotton
wherever grown, yet as the fact is that it is
only grown in certain latitudes, it becomes
therefore a constitutional question, measured
not by the terms of the law itself, but by the j.
fact. What will follow from the admission of
a doctrine of that kind? Why, that a tax on
corn or wheat or flour or any other article not
grown in every corner of the United States
will be a sectional tax, and therefore uncon- \
stitutional. A tax upon coal would be un- 1
questionably a sectional tax on this theory, |
because there are not beds of coal underlying j
all the States or sections of the country. That,
sir, is a measure or a standard of constitutional |
law to which I cannot accede, and I therefore |
put my argument for the repeal of the tax, 1
either present or prospective, upon the ground
that it is expedient to make such a repeal, and j
not upon any such constitutional teaching as ;
that. j
Now, Mr. Speaker, the first thing to inquire
in regard to this cotton tax is the mode of its
collection or payment. It is seldom or never
paid by the grower of the cotton, unless he
combines the character of merchant -with that
of producer. At this time—and it will be
more so hereafter—the business of cotton
raising is running into the hands of small
growers, and in proportion as that comes to be
the case there will be less and less payment
of the tax directly. There is very little of it
now paid directly to the officers of the Treas-
ury by the grower himself. How then is it
paid ? The middle men or the agents of the
merchants pass through the country and make
their contracts with the growers with advances |
to the growers, and under these contracts, as j
was explained yesterday by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] most of the grow-
ers dispose of their cotton. How is it trans-
ported? Under the present tax law, after it
nas been purchased, or whether purchased or
not, it has been found expedient in the prac-
tice of the revenue department to constitute
every cotton-growing district in the United
States, as it were, a bonded warehouse, and
no tax is charged upon cotton until it is re-
moved from that district, and it is removed
from that district under a bill of lading—it
was formerly a bond—which bill of lading is
from the assessor of the district to the collec-
tor of the district in which is the port or place
where the cotton is to be delivered. For
instance, a district in .the State of Mississippi
may have cotton grown within it which is sold
to be transported to the district which includes
the city of Mobile. A bill of lading is taken
for that cotton, and it is carried to Mobile
under that bill of lading, the Government
holding the cotton as its security without the
necessity of a bond. The tax is not paid until
it arrives at this place, and the tax is then
paid, not by the grower, who has actually
parted with his interest, but by the person who
has become the purchaser; and thus at Mo-
bile, at New Orleans, at Memphis, and at
Savannah, these four principal points, nearly
all the tax on cotton has been collected.
Now, how is it with regard to the tax for the "
present year? The statistics we have from the
revenue department show that in the months
of July and August there was collected the
sum ol $903,071 77, being equivalent to a col-
lection upon 80,255 bales, in the months of
September and October, applying particularly
to the present crop, even yet more, the amount
collected was $1,288,529 32, being equivalent
to 128,852 bales. But no returns have been
had at present for the month of November. In
November the tax has been collected much
more rapidly, the cotton then commencing gen-
erally to move under this system of transport-
ation which I have described; and every
reason exists for believing that about five or
six millions of the tax lias already been paid.
Then in what condition does that leave the
^ax-payer upon this product as to the fact of
the relation of one or the other interested in
40th Gong. 2d Sbss.— No. 3.
the crop to this case? In the first place, the
laboring man, who had assisted in growing and !
picking the cotton, is not at all interested in the
question whether you should take the tax off
now or not. His wages have been paid to him
monthly.
Mr. BARNES. Will the honorable gentle-
man yield to allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARNES. I would like to inquire if i
it is not universally considered and generally i
believed and known to be a fact that since the
month of November it has been understood
throughout the southern States that the law
taxing cotton would be repealed, and that it
has almost entirely resulted in the non-sale of
this product?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. BARNES. And is not that one of the
reasons why we have no returns before us for
November? •
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir. It is generally
understood and believed, I think, that cotton
has gone forward in a good degree or lies in
the hands of the growers under contracts for
the purchase of it by parties who, not being
the growers, are interested in having this tax
taken off.
I might have explained—and the gentleman
brings me back to that point—that when these
bills of lading go forward with the cotton, by
a rule of the Department the tax is to be paid
whenever the holder shall himself part with or
make a sale of the cotton ; provided, however,
he shall not have more than ninety days for
that purpose; and under the ninety days' rule a
large proportion of the cotton is now being
held up by those who have become the purchas-
ers either at the place where it was grown or at
the city to which it has been carried, in orderto
see whether they will not before the end of the
ninety days be relieved from paying the tax,
and thus make an additional profit of two and
a half cents upon the cotton they have bought.
I suppose that to be the fact.
Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have given full oppor-
tunity to gentlemen to be heard, but I will
yield.
Mr. ARCHER. I would ask the gentleman
if this is not the usage in New Orleans and
Mobile? .The commission merchant sells the
cotton and applies the proceeds of it to the
payment of debts. The commission merchant
does not purchase it from the producer, but
he sells it to a third party, and then applies the
proceeds to the payment of the debts which the
producer owes. The price is fixed at the time
of the sale by the purchaser, and not by the
producer.
Mr. SCHENCK. The system, as I under-
stand it, sometimes fixes the price at the time
of purchase; but very frequently some pros-
pective date is agreed upon, and the cotton is
to be paid for at the price it will command on
that day.
Mr. ARCHER. My experience, from what
I have seen in that part of the country, is that
the commission merchant makes advances to
the producer and sells the cotton, the price
being fixed at the time the sale is made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was going 011 to speak
of the parties interested in the growing of cot-
ton. In the first place, the repeal of this tax
will be of no benefit to the actual laborer. The
time when the gathering of the crop ceased
was the end of his interest. He has received
his monthly wages and is gone. Who next
will be affected by this measure? AVill it op-
erate favorably upon the grower of the cotton,
who is himself the owner or the renter of the
soil, and interested in that way in the crop?
It may in the "base of a few large growers who
are able, by their command of capital, to com-
bine the character of merchant and grower to
a certain extent. But that is not the case to
any great extent in the present destitute con-
dition of the South. Almost all growers are
in that condition of difficulty in regard to their
financial matters that t.hey aro compelled to
sell their crops, and to sell them early. This
has been peculiarly the case with the small
growers, including the freedmen and others
who cultivated small patches of cotton.
Now, it is particularly the case that the
most necessitous have sold their cotton al-
ready. If you take off the tax from the pres-
ent day the consequence will be that, though
you may relieve some growers who have the
most capital and who have been enabled to
hold on to their cotton, you will not relievo
the laborers and the small necessitous grow-
ers, who have been compelled, almost univer-
sally before this time, to sell and realize upon
their cotton.
Let me state this fact in regard to the grow-
ers generally. A great many communications
have been received by the Committee of Ways
and Means, many letters have been addressed
to myself, in connection with the idea that as
chairman of that committee I would especially
have the duty to perform of looking into theso
matters. In the first place, I find these gen 
eral facts inferred from and learned from the
communications thus poured in upon us: first,
. that the growers, merchants, and all want tho
i tax repealed; secondly, that the growers insist
j that, the tax being repealed, there shall be a
refunding to them of the tax that has been
paid, and they are indifferent about the repeal
, of the tax unless it is accompanied by a pro-
vision to refund. On the other hand, the mcr-
! chants, who also want the tax repealed, are
indifferent about the refunding of the tax that
has been paid, but are especially anxious to
have the tax repealed. My inference is that
each speaks according to his understanding
and knowledge of the existing facts which affect
his own interests. The merchant knows that
if the tax is repealed he gets the benefit of that
two and a half cents per pound included in
his profits, for he has contracted for his cot-
ton at so much less than he would have had
to pay but for the anticipated tax to be paid
by the grower.
The grower also, as- a general rule, wants
the tax repealed, but he wants it repealed with
the condition that there shall bea refunding of
the tax already paid, because he and his neigh-
bors generally have parted with their interest,
and the repeal will be no advantage to them
unless provision for refunding be made.
This is the state of facts which the committee
found to exist; and I for one am frank to say
that while on the 1st of last September, before
the new crop had begun to be moved or had
been made to a great extent the subject of pur-
chase and contract, I might have voted for the
repeal of this tax to take immediate effect, yet
at this time, when transactions in reference to
the crop have advanced so far, I cannot vote
for a measure of that kind with satisfaction to
myself unless we along with it provide for
refunding the tax to the most necessitous class,
those who have experienced most of the burden
in connection with this matter. I am unwill-
ing to vote for a bill of that kind, because I
believe it both inexpedient and impracticable
thus to refund. The benefit of such a measure
would not inure to those who ought to be bene-
fited. The claims for the amount of tax already
paid would be bought up by the sharks who
are now eagerly watching for such a measure ;
and they would get the benefit of such legisla-
tion, not those who should receive its advan-
tages. Hence, while I favor the repeal of
the tax I hold that if this repeal is to operate
equitably all must be put upon the same foot-
ing as regards the present crop and all upon
the same footing as regards the future crop. I
therefore prefer the bill as we have reported it
from the committee, making the repeal of the
tax, as an act of expediency in reference to
affairs at the South, the condition of the coun-
try, the demands of this industrial interest,
prospective, so that the growers of cotton may
know what they are to expect hereafter, and
that thus industry in that quarter may be stim-
ulated, without any measure which may oper-
ate unequally with respect to the position of
affairs this year.
