3466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Mr. HOWE. The law provides that in each
of these bureaus a certain number of clerks
ranking as class four shall have $1,800 salary,
and a certain number ranked as class three
shall have $1,600; and when it has gone
through with the four classes the law is silent
and has said all it has got to say. If the Sen-
ator from Maine will examine the statute he
will find that it does not meet his expectations
at all. I think this money—this suggestion
may be called a suspicion, but I think the Sen-
ate will confirm me m this much of suspicion—
tins $ 100,000 will be, a part of it, appropri-
ated to increasing the compensation-—■
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all; it can-
not be.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says it will not
be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was done in llie last
law, but cannot be now.
Mr. HOWE., I will take the Senator's guar-
antee on that point, but I had supposed it would
be appropriated in that way, and I hope that
he will not give any bonds or make any posi-
tive assurance that it shall not be. The Sen-
ator's opinion on that point does not change
my judgment as to the necessity of regulating
the disposition of these large sums of money
wherever you put them into the hands of any
man, be he honest or otherwise.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 14 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Tluekulew, Cattell, Cole. Corbett,
Ciagm, D.tvis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fre-
linglmysen. Harlan, Johnson, McDonald, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of
Tennost.ee. Ramsey, lloss, Sherman, Sumner, Van
Winkle. Vickors, Wade, Williams, Wilson, aud
Yates—27.
NAY S—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Conness. Drake, Ferry, Howe, McCreery, Nyo,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Stewa.it, Tipton, and
Trumbull—11.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Dixon, Fowler,
Grimes, llendeison.^ Hendricks, Howard, Morton,
Aorton, Pomeroy, Rice, Saulsbury, Spraguo Xliayer,
and Wiliey—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Bepiesenta-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. 11. No.
236) granting a pension to John Q, A. Keck,
late a private in the third Missouri cavalry ;
and the bill (H. R. No. 347) to amend "An
act to divide the State of Illinois into two
judicial circuits," approved February 13,1855.
bill ixtkoduced.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 508) to provide for the erection of a build-
ing for a post office and the United Status courts
in the cityof New York; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
enrolled bill signed.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. JR. No. 865) constituting eight
hours a day's work for all laborers, working-
men, and mechanics employed by or on behalf
of the Government of the United States; and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
southern states veto.
The message further announced that the
President of the United States having returned
with his objections the bill (H. It. No. 1058)
to admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida to representation in Congress, to the
House of Representatives, in which it origin-
ated, the House had, in conformity with the
Constitution, proceeded to reconsider the bill,
and having passed the same by a two-thirds
vote, the objections of the President to the
contrary notwithstanding, transmitted it, with
the President's objections, to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer the first of
the series of amendmentsof the Committee'on
Finance, which the Secretary has in printed
form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
the Senator'samendments, as the bill will man-
ifestly take time, and the veto which has just
come from the other House is in reference to a
bill that it is very important should become a
law at once if atall, as all the States embraced
in that bill are being delayed, I move that the
pending bill be laid aside informally, and that
we take up the veto message and vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pres-
ent bill will be laid aside informally if there
be no objection. No objection being made, it
is laid aside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have the mes-
sage read.
The message of the President was read, as
follows;
To the Home of B-epresentatives:
In returning to the House of Representa-
tives, in which it originated, a bill entitled
" An act to admit the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Florida, to representation in Con-
gress," I do not deem it necessary to state at
length the reasons which constrain me to with-
hold my approval. I will not, therefore,
undertake, at this time, to reopen the discus-
sion upon the grave constitutional questions
involved in the act of March 2, 1867, and the
acts supplementary thereto, in pursuance of
which it is claimed, in the preamble to this
bill, these States have framed and adopted
constitutions of State government. Nor will
I repeat the objections contained in ray mes-
sage of the 20th instant, returning without my
signature the bill to admit to representation
the State of Arkansas, and which are equally
applicable to the pending measure.
Like the act recently passed in reference to
Arkansas, this bill supersedes the plain and
simple mode prescribed by the Constitution
for the admission to seats in the respective
Houses of Senators and Representatives from
the several States. It assumes authority over
six States of the Union which has never been
delegated to Congress, or is even warranted
by previous unconstitutional legislation upon
the subject of restoration. It imposes con-
ditions which are in derogation of the equal
rights of the States, and is founded upon a
theory which is subversive of the fundamental
principles of-the Government. In the case of
Alabama it violates the plighted faith of Con-
gress by forcing upon that State a constitution
which was rejected by the people, according
to the express terms of an act of Congress
requiring that a majority of the registered
electors should vote upon the question of its
ratification.
For these objections, and many others that
might be presented, I cannot approve this bill,
and therefore return it for the action of Con-
gress required in such cases by. the Federal
Constitution. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., June 25, 1868.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tionisonthepassageofthc bill (II. R. No.1058)
to admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida to representation in Congress, the ob-
jections of the President to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I rise to say
but a word on the veto message that has just
been read. I am unwilling that the Senate shall
take the vote on the bill to which it expresses
the dissent of the President without declaring
my hearty approval of it and my admiration
of the wise, patriotic, and courageous states-
man in this his last effort to stay the factious
frenzy of Congress. With a calm but daunt-
less spirit he has kept his oath, to the best of
his ability to preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of his country; and his many
messages to Congress remonstrating against its
infraction are of unsurpassed ability. No Amer-
ican statesman has demonstrated a stronger,
truer, or more steady devotion to his country,
the great principles of the Constitution, and
the Union of the States and the liberties of
the people under it. No man possessed of so
much patronage ever administered it with less
of purpose for party or personal ends or more
singly for the good of his country or passed
freer from stain through all the temptations ot
power. His presidential career has been a
continued struggle, calm and intrepid, to per-
form the duties of.his great office amid unex-
ampled difficulties, perils, and opposition; and
not he, but others, are responsible for auy
failure.
His career, from the humblest origin through
evei-y gradation to the highest office, with much
wise, able, and stern competition at every step,
all of which he overcame, his great natural
abilities, and a courage that never quailed in
the presence of any trials or dangers, mark him
strongly and distinctly as one of nature's great
men. At the dawn of the rebellion he stood
alone in the Senate the solitary representative
of true allegiance to his country and her Con-
stitution from the South, and the burning and
tremendous denunciation of the inflamed mind
aud passion of eleven States burst upon him,
but it moved him not. He was elected to the
second office, and soon Providence and the
Constitution devolved upon him the first. The
party which elected him formed bold, unpatri-
otic and selfish schemes of ambition, and invited
him to lead them. Still true to his country and
her Constitution, the people and their liberties,
he broke away from his party and the dazzling
lure which they had held up to him, and has
striven with steady, patriotic heroism to defeat
their mad projects by opposing to them all the
power with which he was invested. For this
they turned upon him with a relentless fury
that has no parallel. He has not been sus-
tained by the oountry as he should have been.
His official career will soon close, but impar-
tial history will write his life and services to be
the noblest of the day; and it will be among
the grand annals of mankind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill notwithstand-
ing the objections of the President of the Uni-
ted States.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake. Ferry,
Frelinghuysen. Harlan, Howard, Howe, McDonald,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire. Ra.msey.Ross.
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Doo-
little, Johnson, McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee,
and Viekers—8.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Dixon, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks,
Norton, Pomeroy, Rice, Saulsbury, and Tipton—13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 35 and the nays are 8.
Two thirds of the members present having
voted in the affirmative, the bill is passed not-
withstanding the objections of the President.
legislative, etc., appropkiation bill.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio to House bill
No. 605 will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Insert as a, new section:
And be it'further enacted, That all acts or
parts oi acts authorizing the publication of the de~
C.K..1D 1^onS.ress are hereby repealed from and after
the 4th day of March next, and the joint Committee
on printing is hereby authorized and required to
invite proposals for the publication of the actual pro-
ceedings and debates in Congress, upon a plan and
specifications to be previously published by them,
and shall also ascertain the cost of such publication
by the Superintendent of Public Printing," and shall
report as soon as practicable such proposals and esti-
mate of cost, together with a bill to provide for the
publication of the debates and proceedings of Con-
gress.
Mr. SHERMAN. -I ought to state to the
Senate that this is in pursuance of an act passed
March 2, 1867, which gives the two years'
notice required by law to discontinue the
arrangement relative to the publication of the
Globe. After that notice was given it would
