84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
It has been asked. "Why do the committee
report a bill in reference to one special tax?
Some cent lemon luive been almost indignant
at the idea that, it' any portion of the people
are to be rtlie\ed ot the burden ot taxation,
those nt the South, who have perhaps least
claim upon the Government in that direction,
are to be the fir^t to receive such relief. I will
tell gentlemen whv eotton has been selected as
the first subject of action by the committee.
It is not because the committee intend that
their efforts to relieve the burdens of taxation
now resting upon the people of tlio country
shall be contined to that one article. I con-
cur with tuy friend and colleague upon the
committee, the gentleman from Iowa. [Mr.
Allison.] that one of the measures demand-
ing the early attention of Congress (and it is
one which shall receive my hearty concurrence)
ia to relieve manufacturers generally of a great
number of small taxes which are scarcely so
onerous as they are vexatious and annoying,
and many of which hardly pay the cost of col-
lection. I agree that we may perhaps carry
our legislation to such an extent that the
whole internal revenue of the country may be
collected from some eight or ten sources,
embracing spirits, tobacco, licenses, stamps,
and a few other matters which 1 need not
enumerate.
The bill upon this special subject has been
presented at this time not on account of any
disposition on the part of the committee to
give the preference, invidiously or without
reason, to cotton, but because a large amount
of cotton is now held by the commercial com-
munity. those who hold it waiting to see
whether or not it is to be relieved from this
tax ; and in this condition of things the grower,
the merchant, and the spinnerof cottonall unite
in imploring Congress to legislate upon this
subject, so that this cotton, whether taxed or
untaxed, may be set free. They desire to
know at an eariv day what is to be the policy
of' Congress i:i relation to this matter. And
ha ving concluded that among the articles to be
relieved from taxation cotton would be one, for
reasons already sufficiently and thoroughly
argued here, we came to the conclusion there !|
was a necessity for immediate action, in order
that the cotton policy might be settled for the
benefit of the grower, the merchant, and the
manufacturer.
Then, again, gentlemen have asked why it is
we tak^ so large a burden of taxation from the
South, amounting last year to overtwenty-three
million dollars, and likely to reach S25,000,000
this year, when the South has paid little or no
tax at all f rom other sources. Gentlemen are, in
the first place, mistaken as to the fact; but if
the fact were so it does not abate anything of
the argument founded in justice and the con-
dition of the country and in a return to the
policy of the Government not to tax directly
tne products of the soil. But gentlemen are
mistaken in regai d to the amount of tax paid at !
•he South. It is true the South has not paid
internal revenue tax in anything like the same
proportion in which payments have been made,
considered in the aggregate, in other parts of
the country; but to a greater extent in their
condition, impoverished as they are by their
own mad conduct, they have been able to
pay much more than I had supposed. I
hold in my hand a table, calculated up to
this day, from the internal revenue depart-
ment, and I find while the receipts from cot- ,
ton in 1806 were $1 7,000,000 in the southern
States the receipts from other sources were
nearly six millions; and while the receipts
from cotton in 18G7 in the southern States—
nearly all paid at the four principal ports I have
mentioned—were $23,000,000 in round num-
bers, they increasied their tax paid upon other
articles to over sl0,50d,000. Thus they more
than doubled between 1866 and 18G7. and are
increasing still, and will continue to increase.
But my word for it, Mr. Speaker, if you adopt .
the policy in reference to cotton, stimulating |
its production under the present changed con- i1
dition of things, you will find cotton in the II
South not grown hereafter as heretofore, by
large planters, controlling as their principal
capital a great amount of labor, and owning,
as they did. the laborers themselves, but you
will find this cotton grown in patches as our
corn and other products are grown in the north-
ern States by the men and their boys and the
few hired laborers they may be enabled to
employ, black and white, and thus there will
be a large industrial interest throughout that
country cared for, protected, and not burdened,
just as the interest engaged in growing the
cereals in the northern States is in like man-
ner protected, cared for, and left unburdened
by your legislation.
I do not know but I am protracting these
remarks beyond any necessity of the occasion.
I understand my colleague on the committee,
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
desires to submit some remarks, and I will give
him a portion of my -time if%e will say how
much he wants.
Mr. BROOKS. About fifteen or twenty
minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has thirty minutes left.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for fifteen minutes.
Mr. BARNES. I would like to inquire of
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee of' Ways aud Means,
whether he can tell us the comparative receipts
for any given time last year and the same time
this year at the port of New Orleans?
Mr. .SCIIENCK. [ will after awhile.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment I ha\e submitted to this House as a sub-
stitute for the bill reported by the committee
involves two propositions, and only two, and I
state them explicitly because they have been
misrepresented in debate. The first is to take
off the duty on cotton on the passage of the
act. It involves no refunding, no restitution
of taxes paid whatsoever. It takes no money
out of the Treasury, but keeps in the Treasury
whatever there is. It has no retrospective
effect whatsoever. The second proposition I
have offered is that in the matter of manufac-
tured goods, where two and a half cents is now
allowed as a drawback on, the exportation of
cotton goods it shall cease within ninety days
after the passage of this act. These are the
two propositions involved in my substitute,
and hence he who entertains the idea that there
is to be any refunding of money, any draw-
backs whatsoever, or any restitution under
this proposition mistakes its whole tenor and
character.
Now, my colleague, the chairman of the com-
mittee, admits that if this proposition had been
submitted in September last he would have
voted with me for the immediate passage of an
act to stop the collection of the tax of two and
a half cents per pound. In other words, he lays
down a proposition which he admits to be right,
but which he hesitates to carry into immediate
execution. Now, if it be right to take off the
tax on Cotton at all, as is generally admitted,
I agree with him that we ought to go back and
take it off upon the whole crop from the 1st
of September last. But that involves so much
embarrassment to the-Treasury Department,
so many inquiries, and opens so wide the door
for fraud that I have contented myself with
refraining to ask for a remission of the tax
wherever tlio#cotton has passed out of-first
hands, and with limiting my proposition only
to the remission of the tax upon cotton in the
hands of holders and producers.
There is a great mistake prevailing in the
House, which is easily corrected by statistics
if gentlemen will give their attention to the
subject, as to the amount of cotton now in the
hands of the producers. It is susceptible of
as easy demouttiano;] as any "proposition in
arithmetic, .it ;x as eas'y to ascertain the pres-
ent condition o! ihi' holders of the crop, within
a few* hundred bales, as it is to do a sum in
addition or s<ibtiv.",joii.
We know by staMstics—which I have in my
hand—from New Orleans, Mobile, Savannah,
and Memphis, and all the cotton ports of this
country, the number of bales of cotton that
have come from the producers up to the 'J'.UIl
of November. 1 he returns by mail and by
telegraph show that out of an estimated crop
of two mill,on seven hundred thousand bales
not one fifth has yet passed out of the hands
of the producer or cotton holder into the hands
of the trader or speculator.
On the22d of November the returns received
by mail at New York showed only two hun-
dred and eighty-four thousand and forty-six
bales received at the different cotton ports of
the South. The telegraph to November 2J
brings up the additional returns and shows
that on that day only four hundred and seventy-
five thousand bales had passed from the hands
of the producer into the hands of the trader;
and though some of this cotton was in transit
on the great rivers of the Southwest yet it is
safe to say that not half a million bales out of
the two million seven hundred thousand bales
have as yet gone into the hands of the trader
or speculator; so that it is here proved by
actual returns which can be known to every-
body that less than one fifth of the crop on
the 29th of November had passed from the
hands of the grower. Four fifths of the crop
at this moment is. therefore, in the hands of
the producer ; and hence 1 hold that it is wise
to repeal the duty. It is right not only to repeal
it for fbur fifths but for five fifths ; aud it is our
bounden duty, upon the arguments even of
those who have contended on the other side
that the laborer, the producer only, should
receive the profit, to give to four fifths of these
holders the benefit of the remission of this tax.
The necessity of taking off this duty is as
great on the present crop as it will be on a
future crop. Nothing has been more destruc-
tive to the commercial interest or the freight-
ing interest of New England, to the great
agricultural interest of the West, or to the
manufacturing interest of the North than this
levy of $23,000,000 on the cotton growth of
the South, for it has taken from our ships, our
ocean marine, the control of the cotton trade
of the world and given it to our rival on the
other side of the ocean, Great Britain.
I hold in my hand a table of the exports
from Bombay, only one of the cotton ports of
India, from October 1. 1804, to October 13,
1867, the returns of which show, in substance,
that while Bombay exported eight hundred and
two thousand eight hundred and forty-four
bales of cotton in 1864, in consequence of
the rivalry which we had been encouraging in
India by the protection we had given them in
taxing our crops — an amount of protection
admitted to be fifty per cent, by the special
commissioner of internal revenue, and be-
lieved to be seventy-five by others well quali-
fied to judge—the aggregate had run up to
one million one hundred thousand seven hun-
dred and nine in the short space of fbur years.
And this is from the port of Bombay alone.
I also hold in my hand a table showing the
decline in American cotton, and in that of
India, of Brazil, of Egypt, and of the West In-
dies, a table which is too long for me to read,
but which shows, in substance, that while the
decrease in price has been fifty-nine per cent,
on New Orleans middling from 1866 to 1867,
on Indian cotton it has been only fifty-four per
cent., on Brazilian cotton fifty-four and a half
per cent., on Egyptian cotton fifty-nine per
cent., and on West Indian cotton only fifty-
five percent.; or, in other words, American cot-
ton has declined a greater percentage than any
other variety in the world excepting the cotton
of Egypt, and this has been in a great degree
the effect of the bounty which our tax has re-
cently been giving to the product of India,
Brazil, aud the West Indies.
I his table not only shows that it is wise to
repeal this tax, but that it is wise to repeal it
now at this day and hour, and not give Great
Britain an additional protection of from fifty
to seventy-five per cent, on its cotton for a year
from this date.
I appeal, therefore, to the ship owners of
New England, to the producers of the great
