2442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
that this is a grant of land for the continuation
of a road for which a grant of land was made
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, running from
some point on the Pacific railroad, in the Sac-
ramento valley, to Portland, in Oregon. That
road is about four hundred miles long, running
parallel with the coast, and about one hundred
miles from the coast. This road from Van-
couver to Puget sound is about one hundred
miles long. The Senate passed a bill at the
same session continuing that same land grant
from Vancouver, six miles from Portland, to
Puget sound, making a continuous road from
Puget sound to the Central Pacific railroad,
where it strikes it in the Sacramento bailey.
That bill came to the House and was referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, was
by them considered, and I was directed to report
it without amendment. But the committee
was not called, and, of course, it did not get
before the House. This bill covers the same
ground precisely; and if the House has attended
'to the amendments made they will observe that
all the amendments are restricted, and we have
made the bill conform precisely in every re-
spect, so far as the land grant is concerned, to
the act in regard to the road with which it is to
form a connection.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand the pro-
visions of the bill as reported, the even sections
not granted to the company are open to home-
stead settlement under the preemption and
homestead law.
Mr. PRICE. Of course.
Mr. ALLISON. They are open te actual
settlement without the payment of any money
by the settlers.
Mr. PRICK. I so understand it.
Mr. ALLISON. But a person who desires
to purchase these even sections in large quan-
tities may pay $2 50 per acre.
Mr. PRICE. That is as I understand it.
Mr. ALLISON. I think it would be just to
the actual settler to allow him to purchase the
0(1(1 sections.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, Will the
gentleman yield ?
Mr. PRICE. There are only twenty min-
utes left, and I desire to yield to the gentleman
from Washington Territory, [Mr. Flanders.J
If the House sustains the previous question,
gentlemen will have an opportunity to offer
such amendments as they think proper.
Several members asked Mr. Price to yield.
Mr. PRICE. 1 cannot yield to a dozen gen-
tlemen at the same time, and now I say to
gentlemen, once for all, that I will yield to the
gentleman from Washington Territory, [Mr.
Fi.andebs,] if he claims the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All I de-
sire is to ask the gentleman from Iowa 
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield now. If the
House will second the previous question there
will be one hour for debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We can
not amend the bill then.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If we do not second
the previous question we can have all the time
we desire for debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. When I sought an opportunity of offer-
ing an amendment to the third section of the
bill I understood the gentleman from Iowa to
state distinctly that an opportunity would be
given.1
Mr. PRICE. That is true, and I will allow
the gentleman to offer his amendment now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add to the third
section the following:
And said railroad shall be and remain a public
hichway for the use of the Government of the United
States, and said company when required shall trans-
poi t on the same any property or troops of the United
States free from charges.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I rise to ask informa-
tion of the Chair. I desire to know whether
an opportunity will be offered to propose amend-
ments that are germane to the bill and to take
the sense of the House upon them, or whether
it is the prerogative of the chairman of the
committee himself to determine the propriety
of amendments, and whether he will consent
that amendments may be acted on by the
Honse ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
that that is a matter for the House to determ-
ine If the previous question is sustained no
other amendments will be in order. If it is not
sustained, then amendments will be in order
when the pending amendments arc disposed of.
Mr. PRICE. I will waive the previous
question to allow the gentleman from Illinois
to ask a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. It is that this bill is not
properly reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad; that it properly belongs to the
Committee on the Public Lands, as this is not
a railroad running east and west, but running
north and south.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on two grounds. In the first
place, the House referred the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad for examina-
tion and report, and they have reported it back;
and in the second place, if the point were a
good one, it is made too late.
Mr. PRICE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbubnk] to suggest an
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire,
if this bill is going to pass, as I hope it will
not, to have it amended in the eleventh sec-
tion by inserting after the word " directors,"
in lino four, the following: 11 which report
shall be transmitted to Congress;" and by add-
ing aflertheword "thereof," at the end of the
section, the words, "subject to the control of
Congress."
The section will then read :
Sec. 11. Andbc it further enacted. That the directors
of said company shall make an annual report of their
proceedings and expcndituies, veiified by the affi-
davits of the president and si, t least three of the direct-
ors, which report shall be transmitted to Congress;
and they shall, from timo to time, lix, doterinine, and
regulate tho fares, tolls, and charges to be received
and paid for transportation of poisons and property
on said road, or any any part thereof, subject to tho
control of Congress.
pcisi
there
Mr. PRICE. Individually I have no objec-
tion to those amendments, and I do not suppose
the committee have any.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask to have the con-
sideration of the House to the amendments
which I send to the Clerk's desk. Probably
the gentleman from Iowa will not object to
them.
The first amendment proposed by Mr. Van
WYCKwas to insert in section eleven, after the
words "annual report of their receipts and
expenditures," the following:
And the names of tho stockholders, residences of
the same, amount of stock held by each, and tho
money actually paid by each of said stockholders,
tho kind of said stock, the names and residences of
the directors and all other officers of tho company,
tho arnoun t received from passengers on the road,
the amount received for freight thereon, and astate-
ment of the indebtedness of said company, setting
forth the various kinds thereof.
The second amendment was to insert in sec-
tion eleven, after the words "verified by the
affidavits of the president and at least three of
the directors," the following :
Which reports shall be presented to the Secretary
of the Interior on or before the 1st day of July in
each year.
Mr. PRICE. The second amendmentof the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck]
is covered by an amendment offered by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburnk.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. Very well; I will with-
draw that amendment.
Mr. PRICE. As to the first amendment
proposed by the gentleman from New York, it
is only particularizing what the section already
provides for. I suppose there will be no ob-
jection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAILEY. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer an amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I will hear it.
Mr. BAILEY. 1 propose to amend section
eleven by adding to it the following:
Subject to such restrictions and regulations in re-
gard to tho same as Congress may at any time pre-
scribe.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T think
that is a better provision than the one that was
adopted on my motion. I would ask, there-
fore, that it be adopted in lieu of the one I
offered.
Mr. PRICE. I have no objection.
The amendment of Mr. Bailey was then
adopted in lieu of the amendment adopted on
the motion of Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to move an amend-
ment to section three of this bill.
Mr. PRICE. I will hear it read.
The amendment was read as follows!
Strike out of section three the following: _
And whenever prior to said time any of said sec-
tions shall havo been granted, sold, reserved, occu-
pied by homestead settlers, preempted, or otherwise
disposed of, other lands shall be selected by said
company in lieu thereof under the direction of the
Secretary of tho Interior, in alternate sections and
designated by odd numbers, not more than ten miles
beyond tho limits ot said alternate sections: Provided,
That all mineral lands be, and the same are hereby,
excluded from tho operations of this act, and in lieu
thereof a like quantity of unoccupied and unappro-
priated agricultural lands, in odd-numbered sections,
nearest to tho lino of said road, and within thirty
miles thereof, may be selected as above provided:
That the word "oiinero l," where
it oecuis in this act, shall not be held to include iron
or coal.
Mr, PRICE. I cannot yield to allow that
amendment to be offered, and for this reason :
and J think the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
J ulian] will understand it fully when I say to
him that the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
have so modified this section as to reduce the
amount of the land originally proposed by one
half. Now, if the amendment proposed by the
gentleman shall be adopted, then every acre
of land taken up by settlers between this time
and the time the company makes its selection
under this grant would be so much lost to the
company, and the grant probably would not
amount tp anything. This grant conforms
exactly to one made to a similar road running
exactly as -this does.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to say generally in
regard to this bill, that it is not only an ex-
traordinary, but an unprecedented bill in this
House. We create by it a corporation in the
distant Territory of Washington, and then grant
this itmnense amount of land to that corpora-
tion directly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How
much?
Mr. JULIAN. It proposes to grant a belt
of twenty miles wide, with the liberty to go ten
miles further on each side of the road for se-
lections, and where there are mineral lands to
go fifty miles on either side of the road for the
purpose of making up the deficiency in an
equal amount of agricultural lands. Sir, there
is no precedent for such legislation. Besides,
this bill is open to this fundamental objection:
that it is a grant of land to a corporation cre-
ated by ourselves within the limits of the Ter-
ritory of Washington. JsTow, this grant should
be made to the Territory of Washington, in
trust for such corporation as the Legislature
thereof may designate. It is in opposition to
the whole policy of Congress in reference to
railroad grants. This bill is so lengthy, it is
so important in its startling provisions, and
belongs so properly to the Committee on the
Public Lands, that I hope the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] will allow it to be referred
to that committee, so that we may scrutinize
it, and make its provisions conform to the ordi-
nary legislation of Congress upon this subject.
Mr. PRICE. I agree that it was on the
part of this House a very great lack of fore-
sight to send anything to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad which has any land in it.
Mr. JULIAN. This bill, at all eVents. prop-
erly belongs to the Committee on the Public
Lands. It has nothing to do with the Pacific
railroad.
.^rj ^ Now, I want to reply to my
mend from Indiana [Mr. ,1 rman j in reference
to two positive declarations which he has made.
In reference to the precedents, if the gentleman
will look at an act passed by the Thirty-Ninth
