1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3467
seem to have become the duty of the Commit-
tee on Printing to make provision for the pub-
lication of the debates ; and I have conferred
with the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Anthony] on the subject. It is thought best
to repeal all the laws relative to the publica-
tion, but we had not sufficient information to
enable us to determine whether the work could
be done cheaper or better by making a new
arrangement with the Globe office, or by ad-
vertising for bids, or by printing the debates
at the Public Printing Office. So the Commit-
tee on Finance concluded to report this sec-
tion, which repeals all acts on the subject from
and after the 4th of March next, and leaves to
the Committee on Printing to report at the
next session of Congress a plan for publishing
the debates after that time, and we shall have
the next session to consider and act on their
plan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest whether
it is worth while to repeal these laws about the
publication of the Globe until we have made
seme other arrangement absolutely for the
publication of the debates.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is much better to do
it. The present arrangement expires on the
4th of March, 1869, and it is important that
the whole matter be swept away, so that the
Committee, on Printing shall have an open
door to make the best arrangement they can.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no in-
formation on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is an amendment
which I have not had an opportunity to read.
It appears to consist of several sections chang-
ing entirely the mode of the publication of the
proceedings of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only one section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are several sec-
tions printed here together, but perhaps the
other sections are separate amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; I propose to
offer them separately.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is not
material whether the provision be in one sec-
tion or in several sections. I saw that the
amendment as printed had several sections in
it, and I presumed they all related to this
subject; but it seems that this matter is em-
braced in one section, by which the publication
ot the proceedings of Congress is to be changed
from the mode that has been practiced for the
last forty years.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not necessarily.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Not necessarily
changed!" The provision is "that all acts
and parts of acts authorizing the publication
of the debates in Congress are hereby re-
pealed." I should think that would necessarily
change it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is agreed, I believe,
generally, and there is very little doubt, that
the present rates are too high, that the present
contract is unnecessarily burdensome to the
public, and that we can make a better contract
even with the publishers of the Globe. The
Committee on Finance thought, therefore, we
had better avail ourselves of the notice given
last year, the law requiring it to be a two-years'
notice to discontinue the present arrangement.
Certainly we can make a better one, even with
the publishers of the Globe ; but I think, myself,
from the examination I have given the subject,
that the Globe had better be published at the
Government Printing Office; but that is a mat-
ter on which I have not sufficient information
to make any proposition now. By this amend-
ment the whole matter is referred to the proper
tribunal, the joint Committee on Printing, who
will have the next session of Congress to per-
fect a plan.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was because I had
not sufficient information, and I did not sup-
pose the Senate had, that I was about to inter-
pose an objection to the passage oi such an
important provision as this upon an appropri-
ation bill. In the first place, it is very objec-
tionable to introduce legislation on an appro-
priation bill, as we are often told by the Senator
having charge of such bills. Here is a propo-
sition introduced and sprung upon the Senate
without any consideration or any opportunity
to examine it, when a bill is under considera-
tion which has passed one House and is here
soon to be put upon its passage.
The Senator from Ohio tells us that he does
not know that this amendment will work any
change ; he does not know whether the work
can be done more cheaply at the Government
Printing Office or not. Let me submit to him
if it would not be advisable to make those
inquiries and ascertain the facts before we
repeal all the laws we have upon the subject.
It seems to me it is starting out in the wrong
way to begin by an absolute repeal of all exist-
ing laws for the publication of the debates of
Congress, and that the better way would be to
authorize the joint Committee on Printing to
ascertain whether a more advantageous arrange-
ment can be made for the publication of the
debates, and not commence by repealing the
laws and rely upon making some arrangement
hereafter.
I am a little surprised that the Committee
on Appropriations make no objection to gen-
eral legislation upon this bill, because if this
practice obtains 1 have in my charge, I think,
as many as twenty bills that the Committee on
the Judiciary have agreed to, aud we should
be very glad to have them passed, and I know
of no place so good to put them in as this ap-
propriation bill of my friend from Maine. They
are all bilb which ought to be passed, as the
committee think. They have the sanction of the
Committee on the Judiciary, and if the Sena-
tor from Maine consents to have this general
legislation go on the bill we can make an omni-
bus bill that will do for all the legislation that
all the committees hare in charge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have just had one omni-
bus bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was an omnibus
bill, so called, but still the subjects of that bill
had some analogy to each other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not much.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
has a charming way of making appeals to the
Senate,butitsoinetimes requires a littlepatience
to listen to him. According to the general run
of the logic of the Senate it would appear that
the Committee on Finance are in some way or
other taking a snap judgment against some-
body, that we are doing something that is terri-
bly wrong, that we are springing something on
the Senate. The Senator did not know the
facts, or he would not have made such a declara-
tion. A law passed on the 2d of March, 18G7,
provides as follows:
" That the notice required by the fourth s ection of
the act entitled ' An act to pay in part tor publishing
the debates in Congress, and for other purposes,' ap-
proved July 4, 1864, is hereby given that Congress
will, in two years from the close of the present Con-
gress, abrogate the provisions of the first and second
sections of said act.''
Here is the notice required by the law, which
abrogates the main portions of the arrangement
on the 4th day of March next. The result of
this repeal or modification of the contract is
that on the 4th of March next there will be no
provision of law by which the Globe can be
published, and yet in this bill there are appro-
priations for the publication of the Globe during
the whole of the next fiscal year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator refer
me to the statute giving this notice?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is section eleven of the
deficiency appropriation biil of last yeai.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the act to which
that refers V
Mr. SHERMAN. It refers to an act ap-
proved July 4, 1804. There is no contract
between the publishers of the Globe and the
United States ; the whole arrangement is under
provisions of law. Such was the condition of
affairs. Here was an appropriation covering
the whole of the next fiscal year. The result
would be that if Congress should be convened
at any time before the first Monday of Decem-
ber, 1869, there would be no provision for the
publication of the Globe. Important elements
of the contract with the Globe publishers would
have been repealed, and yet, under this bill,
appropriations would continue for the publica-
tion of the Globe.
Under these circumstances, after full con-
sultation with the Committee on Printing and
the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-
mittee on Finance undertook to provide for the
publication of the debates of Congress. Instead
of this being now sprung upon the Senate, it
will be seen by looking at the printed amend-
ment that the Committee on Finance reported
it on the 2d of June and had it sent to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. The Committee on
Finance reported it after careful consideration;
it has been considered by the Committee cm
Appropriations; and now, carrying out this
notice of nearly a month, 1 have offered the
amendment. There is nothing very remark-
able about it. This is the appropriate place
for it. I will say to the Senator from Illinois
that every particle of legislation in regard to
the Congressional Globe is in an appropriation
bill, except the single case of a law reported
by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Anthony,] which is referred to in the section
giving the notice. The appropriations are in
the appropriation bills, and all the laws and
limitations upon the publication of the Globe
are in the appropriation bills. This is the
proper place for this provision. It corner up
in the regular manner, and nobody is taken by
surprise. It is not sprung upon anybody; it
is done after full deliberation.
All agree that we can make a better bargain
for the publication of the Globe, and we can
correct some abuses that have grown out of its
publication. We can decrease largely the
expenditure of public money for the publica-
tion of the debates of Congress. The question
was, whether we should make a n^jf contract
with the publishers of the Globe, or whether
we should invite bids to carry on the work on
the same plan heretofore adopted, or whether
it should be done at the Government Printing
Office. This was a matter which the Commit-
tee on Finance did not undertake to decide.
They undertook, however, to report this sec-
tion repealing all laws authorizing the publica-
tion of the Globe from and after the 4th of
March next, and leaving the subject of the
manner of publishing the debates after that
time to be settled hereafter on the report of
the proper joint committee of the two Houses.
That is all there is in the amendment. If we
had undertaken to decide, as my friend from
Rhode Island wished us to do, that it was bet-
ter to publish the debates at the Government
Printing Office, that might have been a cause
of complaint; the Senator from Illinois might
have said " the Committee on Finance do not
know anything about printing, and we ought
to have some better authority m regard to the
subject of printing." The result was that we
did not undertake to decide that question,, but
we simply provide that the appropriations
made in this bill shall not be paid tmdev the
existing contract with the publishers of the
Globe after the 4tli of March next, and that all
laws providing for the publication of the debates
in the Globe shall cease at that timer and that
the Committee on Printing shall devise some
better mode of publishing them. I atn now
prepared to say that many propositions will be
submitted from men perfectly competent to do
the same work at a largely reduced expendi-
ture, and I have no doubt that the publishers
of the Globe themselves will submit bids, when
called for under the operation of this- amend-
ment, largely reducing the price they now
receive ; but the probability is, in my opinion,
that the committee will find that we can do the
whole work better at the Government Prk&tiug
Office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Ohio is slightly mistaken as to the
effect of the action of Congress a year ago, if
it took place a year ago. I do not remember
the precise date of the act to which he referred ;
but it was at the last Congress, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. March 2, 1807.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mistaken
