2444:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
May 13,
supply is unlimited no limits oaa be placed
upon the future demand. The importance and
extent of this immense inland sea, the number
and beauty of its numerous harbors, the value
of the magnificent forests by which it is sur-
rounded, and its inexhaustible eoal beds along
its shores, are but little understood or appreci-
ated by those who have not seen and examined
for themselves; possessing, as it does, more
than .seventeen hundred miles of inland, shore
lines, having in every channel, bay, or harbor
sufficient depth of water for the largest ship
that floats in any navy in the world, channels
unobstructed by rocks or sand bars, with an
entrance so broad and safe that no pilots have
been or ever will be needed.
Let me say a word in regard to a very im-
portant branch of business now in its infancy,
but which at no distant day is destined to be-
come of the first importance to our whole
country. I speak of ship building. The board
of underwriters of San Francisco have been
engaged during the past year, through their
president, Mr. Hopkins, in collecting all the
information possible in regard to the cost of
-building ships in Now York, Massachusetts,
and Maine, and they have satisfied themselves
that ships can be built for less money on Puget
sound than they can in any of the places
named, notwithstanding the higher cost on the
Pacific coast of labor and some of the material
used, such as iron, copper, and cordage, yet
the facilities for getting good lumber and spars
are so much greater on Puget sound than on
any part of the Atlantic coast that it more
than makes up for the difference in the price
of labor and the material named. Already
many vessels have been built there, and among
them some large ships, so that this business
can no longer be said to be an experiment.
I will give, in this connection, a list of sixteen
vessels built on the Pacific coast north of San
Francisco, their cost in gold, with their ton-
nage and cost per ton, which I obtain from a
report recently made to the board of marine
underwriters of San Francisco by 0. T. Hop-
kins, esq., president ofthe California Insurance
Company, and secretary of the board of marine
underwriters and Chamber of Commerce:
af^j
" U " - § § M 5 5-
5 ? S
t* S2 kj t) g>
P- ° o 2 B
p ^ ?
3
f I :
pj &
& :
pi to an to co o to o i
oooooobi""
o o o C2 o © o
O O O O O ©
CO CO m o
o o o o
<=> ® o o
© C O <Z> fa
© o © o p? :
s
pppDpgssce:
^ k vi ^ & {j p jo :
P
2 .. „
O- cr* e*-
c SO GO CD
5- a © ©
£ : P P
Qj ffu P* Q*
'a;viOiClQOGOOO)C5
! © —T C"« O SO 1
So
This report states:
" It is evident from an inspection of this table that
small vessels have been and are being built on our
coast good enough to rate as well as the average of
similar eastern-built vessels, and furthermore, they
can be constructed here at a cost in sold no greater
than the present gold cost in New York. This may
seem to be a startling statement, but it will .be seen
from the letter of Henry Steers that the present cost
of building vessels of one hundred tons in New
York is $115 currency, or $82 80 gold: of vessels of
two hundred tons, $112 currency, $80 6-1 gold. Now,
fourvessels.Occident, Argo, Melancthon.and Blanco,
cost respectively only §77, $70, $84, and $75 in gold
per ton."
In regard to our ship timbers this same re-
port says:
"Red and Yellow Fib.—Those trees, which eon-
siitute about one half of the dense growth of timber
of Oregon and Washing-ton Territory, have become
celebrated throughout the world for their magnifi-
cent proportions and the serviceable quality of spars
and lumber supplied from them. They frequently
furnish sticks ono hundred and fifty feetlong, eighteen
by eighteen and^ even twenty-four by twenty-four
inches square, without a particle of sap, without a
rent or cheek, perfectly sound and straight. Planks
from this timber sixty and ninety feet Jong are
readily obtained/' * * * * As to the
strength of those timbers, many mechanics think it
fully equal to that of eastern white oak.'5
This timber can be furnished at our mills on
Puget sound in exhaustless quantities at ten to
twelve dollars per thousand feet. We also have
many other valuable timbers for shipbuilding,
such as tide-land spruce, yellow cedar, wliite
cedar, and laurel. The western section of
Washington Territory, between the ocean and
the Cascade mountains, is about three hundred
and fifty miles in length from north to south,
with an average width of about one hundred
miles from east to west, and contains more
than eleven million acres, being as large as the
States of Massachusetts and New Hampshire,
and there is nothing that would do so much
for settlement of those vast tracts of land as
the building of this road. It would not only
assist in developing the agricultural resources
of our Territory, but it would stimulate our
commercial and manufacturing interests, and
assist to bring into use the magnificent water-
power of our Territory, equal in extent to all
the water-power of New Kngland.
The building of this railroad is also very im-
portant in a military point of view. It will at
oncobe seen how valuable as a means of com-
munication this line would become in case of
a war with any maritime Power, especially in a
war with England. Such a war I trust may
never come, but our Government should wisely
provide in time of peace for all such exigencies
which cannot be foreseen, but which may at
any time be precipitated upon us.
Jt is also one link in that line of railroads
which is to connect the great lakes with the
waters of the Pacific at Puget sound. In this
respect its importance should not be over-
looked, and cannot be overestimated. As has
already been seen it connects with the Colum-
bia, whoso navigable waters reach far into the
interior of the continent, therefore assisting in
the construction of that next great national
work, the building of the Northerti Pacific rail-
road, connecting with that road as well as with
the Onion Pacific—those two great iron arte-
ries which are destined to carry the travel and
the commerce of the two hemispheres across
our continent. According to the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for
1807, Congress by different enactments have
granted land in aid of railroad enterprises in
different States, as follows:
Illinois  2,505,053
Mississippi  2,062,210
Alabama  3,729,1 30
Florida  2,300,111
Louisiana  1,578.720
Arkansas  4,804,271
Missouri  3,745.160
Iowa  6,751,207
Michigan  5,327,030
Wisconsin  5,378,360
Minnesota  7,783,403
Kansas  7,753,000
California  3,720,000
57,588.578
Pacific railroads "estimated " 124,000,000
Wugon-Roads.
Wisconsin  250,000
Michigan 1,718,613
Oregon 1,256,800
3,225,413
Total number of acres 184,813,991
Of these one hundred and eighty-four mil-'
lion eight hundred and thirteen thousand nine
hundred and ninety-one acres of land granted
to aid in building different lines of railroad
but twenty-one million five hundred and sixty-
one thousand six hundred and fiftv-four acres
have been certified under these grants. All
the balance is to be certified to after the cori-
ditions upon which the grants ate made to the
different companies are complied with. The
regret is not that the Government has parted
with this magnificent domain to encourage
those different railroad enterprises, but that it
had not been done twenty years sooner.
We have to-day in the United States not less
than thirty-seven thousand milea of railroads
in complete running order, the cost of which
is estimated at $1,855,000,000. In addition to
this, there are, by estimates, seventeen thou-
sand six hundred and eighty-five miles of rail-
road in process of construction. Had all these
grants of land been made twenty years ago,
and were these seventeen thousand miles of
projected railroads now in process of construc-
tion an accomplished fact, will any gentleman
assert here or elsewhere that our Government
or our country would have been the poorer for
having given these lands to aid in building these
railways? I think not; for every aere of land
given for this purpose the Government receives
its full equivalent by the enhanced value of the
land which is retained, and every acre of land
brought under cultivation, and whieh, from
improvements put upon it, is increased in value
from one dollar and a quarter an acre to two,
five, or ten dollars an aere, is so much added
to the permanent wealth of the nation.
Take as an example the county of Walla
Walla, in my own Territory; twelve years ago
there was not a dozen settlers in that county.
The white population is now between five and
six thousand. Walla Walla county will pay
to our Government this fiscal year of 1868 not
less than $50,000 internal revenue tax alone.
Had these projected lines of railroad been
completed ten years ago my Territory, instead
of a white population of less than forty thou-
sand, as it now has, would have had four hun-
dred thousand ; and where we now contribute
but one dollar toward the expense of our Gov-
ernment we should contribute ten. And what
is true of Washington Territory is equally true
of all the other Territories; it is especially true
of Idaho and Montana. Had these projected
railroads been built ten years ago the stand-
ing army that it is now necessary to keep on
the "Plains," at an annual cost of. perhaps,
§20,000,000, to hold in check a few roving
bands of Indians, who traverse the " Plains"
from New Mexico to British Columbia, would
no longer be needed. For before the advanc-
ing tide of civilization the Indian and the buf-
falo will disappear together. By the building
of these railroads the expense of the Govern-
ment is greatly lessened, while its resources
are greatly increased.
If there is anything that will give new life
and vigor to our commercial and manufactur-
ing towns and cities, if there is anything that
will lessen the present burden of taxation, that
will assist us in the payment of our enormous
national debt, it is the completion of our pres-
ent projected lines of railroads, and by extend-
ing them in every direction. To accomplish
this it is only necessary that Congress should
pursue the same liberal policy which it inaug-
urated a few years since, and which has already
accomplished so much. jLess than thirty vears
ago almost all our vast empire west of the
Mississippi, and much of that on this side, was
as wild and as unknown as the countrv be-
tween the Pacific ocean and the Cas'cade
mountains and north of the Columbia river
now is. Our Government has generous!v and
wisely extended its protection and its aid to the
pioneer and settlers, and those vast prairies,
so recently but unknown solitudes, are now the
home of millions of free and happy people.
And let me say just here that the men who a*-k
this charter and this grant of land will, if thev
obtain it, build this road. Every one of these
gentlemen named in this bill as cornorators
jmi. f".n?,on Territory, men who have
made thattheir home, and who are now actively
engaged m all the enterprises carried on there,
bo far there has never been an aere of hind
granted by the Government to the people of
Washington Territory in building any road of
