36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 4,
The question then recurred on Mr. Brooks's
substitute, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clauso and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That on and after the passage of this net the inter-
nal revenue tax of two ami a half cents per pound
on raw cotton shall be abolished.
And be it further enacted. That no American man-
ufactured cotton Roods shall be entitled to the benefit
of existing drawbacks unless shipped within ninety
days alter the passage of this act.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
37, noes 103.
Mr. BURR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 120, not voting
25; as follows :
YEA8—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell, Barnes,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Gravely, Grover, Haight, Hawkins,
Holman. Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mc('uIituieh, Morgan, !
Mungen. Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn, Phelps, Pile,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber,
Van Auken. Van Trump, and Woodward—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnam, Beaman, Benjamin,Benton, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, But-
ler, Cake, Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dawes,Dixon, Dodge,Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Eggleston, Eia, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry
Fields, Garfield, Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Hill!
Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, ICoontz, George
v. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan,
Longhridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard,
McCarthy, McClurg, Miller, Moore, Morrell. Mul-
*Ui3' O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
S ike. Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Robertson,
bawyer, bchenck, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stew-
art, Stokes, Taylor, Trimble, Trowbridge. Upson,
Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn. Van Wyck, i
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
,.llr.n,e- Hjnry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—120.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell, Bingham, Finney,
Fox, Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kitchen, Lnflin,
Loan, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrissey, Niblack, Pow-
Ross, Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger,
Thomas, Twichell, Burt Van Horn, Wood, and
Woodbridge—25.
So the substitute was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. WARD stated that his colleagues, Mr.
Van Horn and Mr. Sei.yf., were detained at
home by illness in their families.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The SPEAKER stated that the previous
question had exhausted itself, and the ques-
tion recurred on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read the third time.
Mr. SCHEXCK. Before calling the pre-
vious question I will yield to my colleague to
offer an amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to add
to the bill the following section :
hf it further enacted. That the Court of Claims
Jhall not have or entertain jurisdiction of any claim
to recover back any taxes which have been paid or
may be paid on cotton. "
Mr. BROOKS. I shall .reserve the point of
order on that amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me to offer this amendment:
Provided, That the cotton raised in Nevada, Utah
and Arizona, being for home consumption, be ex-
empted from taxation from and after this date.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose the only object
of the gentleman is to get his amendment in
the Congressional Globe. I am glad it goes
there, but I cannot yield to allow it to be
offered. I now yield to the gentleman from
.Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] to move to re-
commit.
Mr. MILLER. I renew my motion to re-
commit.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move the previous
question on the pending amendment and the
bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
qve?,tio,n.}2eiD§ taken on the motion to
recommit the bill and pending amendment to
the Committee of Ways and Means, it was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Lawkexce, of Ohio, to add a section pro-
hibiting suits in the Court of Claims.
Mr. \\ ASHBUllXE, of Illinois. I wish
the gentleman had enlarged the scope of his
amendment.
Ihe SPEAKER. The House is acting
under the operation of the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consaut that the gentleman be per-
mitted to modify his amendment so as to pre-
vent the Court of Claims from taking jurisdic-
tion of any of these cotton claims.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That is a dif-
ferent subject.
The SPEAKER. It is not germane to the
bill.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. It ought
to be.
Mr. BROOKS. I make the point of order
upon the amendment of the gentleman from 1
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] that we do not know
how far it goes. It may interfere with cases
now before the Court of Claims.
Mr. SPALDING. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair over-
rules the point of order made by the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope I may be allowed
to inquire 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, there were—ayes
j 56, nays 81.
| Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 69, nays 98, not voting
25; as follows:
rEAS-Messrs. Ames, Anderson. Delos R. Ashley
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Benjamin. Benton'
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Cake* !
Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cqbb!
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode,'Dawes, Donnelly
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Fields, Gravely!
Halsey, Hill, Higby, Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter, Kel-
sey, Ketcham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loughridge, McClurg, Miller, Moore.
Newcoinb, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants Rob-
ertson. Sawyer, Schenck. Shanks, Spalding, Upson
m "j /™?"1', Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Ward, Cadwalarler 0. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
Williams, William Williams, James
F0\1isS1'^ohn AVllson, and Windom—c'j.
I NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Archer, Arnell,
i Bailey Baker, Barnes, Beaman, Beck, Bingham,
, Boyer, Brooks Buckland, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Cul-
lom,Dixon, Dodge, Eldridge.Farnsworth.Fcrriss,Gar-
held, Getz, Glossbrenner, Griswokl, Grover, Haight
Hamilton, Harding Hawkins, Holman, Hooper,
Hotchkiss Asahel W.Ilubbard, Chester D.Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Knott, Koontz, Laflin,
i Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard,
McCarthy, McGullough, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell
Mungen Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill,
Peters, Phelps, Pile, Poland, Price, Pruyn, Randall
Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Starkweather.
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart. Stokes, Stone, Taber,
Taylor. Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker and Woodward—93.
.NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell, Barnum, Butler,
.kinney,*ox, Humphrey, Jones, Kitchen,Loan. Mer-
cur, Morrissey, Polsley, Pomeroy. Raum, Scofield,
ii ■Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Taffe, Twich-
ell Burt\ an Horn, Stephen Jb\ Wilson, Wood, Wood-
bridge—2o. '
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
. The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 146, nays 20, not voting
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson
Archer, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James M.Ashley!
Baily, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman,
Beck, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell Boyer
Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Burr Cake'
Cary, Chanler, Churohill, Reader W. Clarke^ Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge,
Donnelly,Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot
iarnsworth, Ferry, iields, Garfield, Get?; Glowbren-
ner, Gravely, Griswold, G rover, Haight, Halsey, Ham-
ilton. Ilawkius, Hill, Holman, Hooper, llonkin*
Hotchkiss, Chester 1). Ilubbard, ltiehard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Iiigcr oll° John-
son, Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory
Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, MeCullough'
Moore, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell, Mullins, 31 un-
gen, Myers, Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Phelps. Pilo,
Plants, Polsley, Price, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson,
Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Sehemek, Shanks. Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spalding, Stewart,Stokes, Stone, Taber, Tay-
lor, Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
V an Wyek, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, "Win-
dom, and Woodward—146.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Benton, Butler, Cornell,
Covode, Ela, Ferriss, Harding, Higby, Jenckes, Kel-
sey, Lynch, McCarthy, Miller, Pike, Poland, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, and
W ard—20.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Axtell, Banks, Dixon,
Finney, Fox, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kitchen, Loan,
Mercur, Morrissey, Pomeroy, Raum, Scofield, Selye,
Shellabarger, Taffe, Twichell, Burt Vanllorn, Wood,
and Woodbridge—20.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reeonsider the
vbte by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message in Writing from the President of
the United States was oommunjeated to the
House by Mr. Robert Johnson, his private
Secretary.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed the following resolution:
liesolved, That the joint Committee on Ordnance
on the part of the Senate appointed at the last session,
and consisting of Mr. Howard, Mr. Cameron, and
Mr. Drake, be, and they are hereby, reappointed.
Resolved, That tho joint Committee on the part of
1 ®ena^e appointed at the last session to revise and
fix the pay of tho offioers of the two Houses, consist-
ing of Mr.fessenden, Mr* Sherman, aud Mr.BucK-
alew, be, and they are hereby, reappointed.
Jiesolved, That the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment on the part of the Senate appointed at the last
session, and consisting of Mr. Edmujnds, Mr. Wil-
liams, Mr. Patterson of New Hampshire, and Mr.
Buckalew, be, and they are hereby, reappointed.
lu o ' ^at j°int Committee on tho part of
the Senate appointed at the last session to examine
accounts for repairs to the Executive Mansion con-
sisting of Mr. Harlan and Mr. Norton, be, and they
are hereby, reappointed.
list of pardons.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith a final report from the Attor-
ney General, additional to the reports submitted by
him December 31, 1866, March 2, 1867, and July 8
lborf, in reply to a resolution of the Jlouse of Repre-
sentatives December 10, 18(35, requesting "A list of
the names of all persons engaged in the late rebel-
iion against the United States Government who have
been pardoned by the President from April 15, 1805,
to this date; that said list shall also state the rank
of each persort who has been so pardoned, if he has
been engaged in the military service of the so-called
confederate government, and tho position, if he shall
have held any civil office under said so-called con-
federate government; and shall also state whether
such person has at any time prior to April 14,1861,
held any otiiee under the United States Government,
and if so what office, together with tho reason for
granting such pardon, and also the names of the per-
son or persons at whose solicitation sue h pardon was
granted." ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, December 4,1867.
The message and the accompanying report
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and ordered to be printed.
quartermaster's department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War ad interim
transmitting a communication from the Quar-
termaster General relative to the condition of
the funds requisite for carrying on his depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee oil
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
