4492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2o 
that it be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred: and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post road bill.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 589, to establish certain
post roads ; which was read a first and second
time.
The SPEAKER. These post roads have
been already provided for. If there be no
objection it will be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
fort leavenworth military reservation.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1G) donating a portion of
the Fort Leavenworth military reservation for
the exclusive use of a public road ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that bill be put
on its passage. It grants the right of way
through the reservation for a wagon-road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has it the
recommendation of the officers of the Army?
Mr. GARFIELD. Idonotknow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think,
then, we had better not pass it.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. It has been
approved by the Secretary of War and the
General of the Army. It provides for the
location of a public road.
The bill was read. It provides that a strip
of land one hundred feet in width along the
southern boundary of the Fort Leavenworth
military reservation, in the State of Kansas,
extending from the Missouri river to the west-
ern boundary thereof, be set apart for the per-
petual and exclusive use of a public road; and
the said road shall be and remain a public
highway for the use of the Government of the
United States, free from tolls or other charges
upon the transportation of any property,
troops, or mails of the United States.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to add the usual
clause, that Congress reserves the right to
repeal, alter, or amend.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to rccousider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
vallhj0 and humboldt railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 349) granting lands to the
State of California to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the town
of Vallejo to Humboldt bay, in the State of
California; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. DELANO. I move that bill be referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee oil the Public Lands.
Mr. DELANO. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. AXTELL. I hope that motion will not
prevail. The bill has been before the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands,and the chairman of
that committee [Mr. Julian:] gave me author-
ity to say that he desired its passage. I believe
other gentlemen will bear me out when I say
that this bill ought to be passed. It comes
from the Senate because the House Committee
could not report it. The grant is guarded as
we guarded day before yesterday all grants to
railroads. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will allow it t,o be put on its passage.
Mr. DELANO. I cannot comply with the
gentleman's request. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from California.
Mr. HIGBY. I have not examined this
bill, but I will state that the chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lauds [Mr. Julian]
came to me before be left town, some two days 1
ago, and gave me to understand that he was
in favor of its passage. 1 think he said that
a bill in the same words had been before the
committee and had been favorably considered.
He stated that also to members of the House.
Mr. DELANO. I yield, to the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOPKINS. I simply wish to say that
what the gentleman from California [Mr.
Higby] has stated is correct. This bill has
been before the Committee on the Public
Lands, and it comes before the House in the
same form which the committee agreed upon,
unanimously, I believe. The same provisions
that were contained in the bill we passed yes-
terday are incorporated in this bill, providing
that the land shall be held by the State of Cal-
ifornia and sold, and that the proceeds shall
he paid to the company.
Mr. HIGBY. Allow me to stale further
that the chairman of the Committee on the
Public Lands said that this bill contained a
provision in the way of restriction which the
House bill did not, and which by some singu-
lar inadvertence was overlooked by the House
committee.
Mr. DELANO. I desire now to call the
attention of the House to the fact that this bill
grants to the Humboldt Bay and Vallejo
Railroad Company one million five hundred
thousand acres of land.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How
much?
Mr. DELANO. A million and a half.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
enough, in all conscience.
Mr. DELANO. We are now asked to pass
a bill making this enormous grant at this hour
of the session without any examination by a
committee of this House. But that is not all.
There is already a company chartered by the
Legislature of California to build a railroad
from Humboldt bay to San Francisco, which
company has gone on and obtained subsciip-
tions from the counties through which the road
is to pass. That company asks, if this appro-
priation is to be made, the same benefit at
least that this company is to receive. This
company now seeks to lay hands upon these
one million five hundred thousand acres and
monopolize them. Now, where there is so
much doubt as would arise in a conflict of this
kind, I ask if it would be right for us at this
late hour of the session and of the night to
pass this bill? I could go into further reasons
for referring the bill, but it seems to me I have
said enough. I therefore demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Delano, to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Public Lands, it was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills amd joint resolutions.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled bills and joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles ; when the Speakpr signed the same :
An act (S. No. 364) granting a pension to
Violet Henry;
An act (S. No. 037) to authorize the city of
Washington to issue bonds for the purpose of
paying the floating debt of the city :
An act (S. No. 633) granting a pension to
Nancy Smith;
An act (S. No. C30) granting increase of
pension to Nancy A. Stocks ;
An act (S. No. 442) to amend section one
of an act to prevent and punish frauds upon
the revenue, and for other purposes, approved
March 3, 1803 ;
An act (S. No. 606) granting a pension to
Robert Watson;
An act (S. No. 398) for the relief of Mary
Scott;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 172) to construe
an act entitled "An act to authorize the ac-
counting officers of the treasury to settle the
accounts of Andrew S. Core
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 154) to admit
certain persons to the Naval Academy ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 57) relative to
lighting the streets of Washington city, Dis-
trict of Columbia.
mrs. l. t, potter.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 596) for the relief of Mrs.
L. T. Potter; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. That
bill contains an appropriation. I move that it
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
purchase or public lands in al.ybama.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 301) authorizing the pur-
chase of certain public lands in Alabama;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KOONTZ moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states courts in florida.
The next business on the Speakers table
was the bill (S. No. 604) regulating the times
and places of holding the district and circuit
courts of the United States for the northern
district of Florida; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask that that bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that the times
and places of holding the United States district
and circuit courts for the northern district of
Florida shall hereafter be as follows : at Jack-
sonville on the first Monday of December, at
Tallahassee on the first Monday of February,
and at Pensacola on the first Monday of March,
and that the terms of the courts heretofore held
at St. Augustine and Apalachicola shall be
discontinued.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the previous
question on the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. Does not the bill provide
for holding the courts at more places than
necessary in thatState ? I would inquire what
has been the fact heretofore in reference to
holding these courts?
Mr. HAMILTON. They have been held at
three places.
The previous question was seeohded and the
main question ordered.
_ The bill was ordered to a third reading'; and
it was accordingly read the third timl, and
passed.
Mr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COIirOKATIO^S CHEATED.
nuM?',oUSiness °? the Speaker's table
vas the bill (S. No. 610) in relation to corpora-
tions created by laws of tIle Ss* .
which was "ad a first and second time.
tli Vll T f 5 moved that
Judicial^6 r'5 t0 the Committee on tiie
I he motion was agreed to.
