1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Vas Trump were appointed tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes eighty-four,
noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
•was upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope gentlemen will not
make any record of their votes on this resolu-
tion, but that they will "go it blind."
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT AID TO RAILROADS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I submit the fol-
lowing resolution, and upon it I call for the
previous question:
Resolved, That tho public welfare demands that
the pecuniary obligations of the United Sta tes should
bo kept within the narrowest limit* consistent with
the necessary requirements of the Government, and
therefore it is not expedient at this time to enlarge
said obligations by extending aid to the Union Pacific
Itailroad Company or any other company,by gran ting,
beyond the terms of existing laws, subsidies in the
bonds of tho United States, or by guaranteeing tho
payment of any stockor other liabilities of said com-
pany or any other corporations, and that the com-
mittees of this House bo instructed to report no bill
during this session of Congress in conllict with this
resolution.
Tho question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 48, noes 3'2 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilson, of
Iowa, and Mr. Golladay were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 47, noes 50.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this resolution goes over until the
morning hour on Monday next.
rights of american citizens abroad.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the motion made by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Griswold,]
on Monday of last week, to suspend the rules
in order to enable him to submit a preamble
and resolutions in relation to the rights of
American citizens abroad.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask that the preamble and
resolutions be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas tho principles whichunderlicthefounda-
tion of the American Republic, as an independent
nation, recognize "tho right ot all men to life, lib-
eity, and the pursuit of happiness;'' and whereas tho
duties of allegiance and protection being reciprocal,
the Government of the United States are bound to
protect this right equally in the persons* of all citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized; and whereas all
judicial opinions or pretended judicial opinions to
thoeontrary notwithstanding, this is, and has always
been, tlio funda.mental law ot this country, and one
which tlio President and all other authoiities of the
country are, antl always weic, bound to enforce; and
whereas the right of all American citi'/cns to equal
protection has boon, oris reported to have been.l.itcly
violated infrequent instances bycertain foreign Gov-
ernments, especially by those of Great Britain and
Pru-jsia: Therefore,
_ fie it resolved /)?/ the Senate nvdTTouae of Roxirexenta-
I cDeiofthe United States of America in Congress tmrm-
Ucl, That this right to equal protection of person
Rnd property, on tho part of oil citizens ot file United
States, is now, as it has always been, and shall for-
ever be, tho law of this country.
2. That in every instance, ascertained in the man-
ner hereinafter prescribed, of tho violation of tho
rights of an American citizen, by any foreign Govern-
ment whatever, it shall be the duty of the Executive
of the United States to demand the instant release
of such citizen, with adequate reparation for the
insult and injury sustained by hiin; or, on failing
to obtain such release and reparation, the lilxecutive
shall immediately report the facts to Congress, by
and with whose advice and authority he shall em-
ploy all tho power of the country to maintain its
honor and the rights of its eitizens.
3. That, in every instance, either at present exist-
ing or which may hereafter occur, of the arrest or
imprisonment of an American citizen in any foreign
country, it shall bo the duty of tho President, or of
hisrepresentative in such foreign counti y, to demand
a certified copy of the charge laid against such citi-
zen, to roquiro that he be biought to trial within ten
(lays after his arrest, to securo to him the benefit of
an impartial jury, with the necessary legal assist-
ance ; and in case of the refusal or delay of such trial,
or, on its being had, of the acquittal of the accused.
it shall bo tho duty of the President to demand his
instant release, or to employ the whole power of tue
country to enforce it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman frotn New York [Mr. Griswoi.d]
whether he does not propose to refer these res-
olutions to tho Committee on Foreign Affairs ?
He will not, I hope, demand an immediate vote
upon them under the previous question.
Mr. CULLOM. I was about to put the same
inquiry to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I prefer to put the res-
olutions on their passage now. I have no
desire or intention to occupy the time of the
House in discussing them. The questions em-
braced in them have already been elaborately
discussed on this floor, and I presume every
member has formed his views in-regard to
those questions. There is, Mr, Speaker, a feel-
ing in the country that we have been remiss,
that our Government has failed heretofore to
discharge its entire duty in the way of express-
ing its interpretation of the rights of our citi-
zens abroad. I have offered these resolutions
with a view of getting a more emphatic and
direct expression of this House, so that we
shall have something more than mere diplo-
matic correspondence upon a subject that
engrosses so much of the attention of the Amer-
ican people; and I desire, as I have said, tnat
tho resolutions shall be put on their passage
now.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not like to interrupt
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gnis-
wold ;] but I give notice that after he lias con-
cluded I shall raise the question of order
whether tho motion to suspend the rules is
debatable.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not debatable ; but the Chair does not
ordinarily arrest tho remarks of gentlemen
when that motion is pending uuless the point
of order be made.
Mr. RANDALL. I did not wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that, by common consent, tho resolutions will
be referred.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MQLLINS. I hope the gentleman
from New York will not insist on the suspen-
sion of the rules. This is a very important
question.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman fromPenn-
sylvania [Air. Randall] objects to debate.
Mr. M CJLIjINS. Well, I ask the gentle-
man from New York to let the resolution be
referred to the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Mullins] can make that motion
himself.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is not moved and seconded, that motion will
be in order.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I wish to know whether, if
these resolutions come before the House, it
will be in order to make a motion to refer them
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order unless the previous question be called
and seconded.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman from
New York will permit the House to vote on
the motion to refer.
Mr. BAKER. I desire to inquire whether
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] will not allow a single question to be
addressed to the gentleman from New York?
Mr. RANDALL. I see that I have not the
power to prevent gentlemen from asking ques-
tions. If the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Biker] desires to put a question to the gen-
tleman from New York, I shall not insist on
the point of order.
Mr. BAKER. I wish, then, to ask the gen-
tleman from New York whether, in view of
the fact that a bill upon this subiect-matter
has already been reported to the House and
has been recommitted, he-thinks it proper to
bring the House to a vote upon resolutions
that may not be consistent with the action
which we may take when we come to act on
that bill ? I think the resolutions ought to be
referred.
Mr. GRISWOLD. In reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Baker,] I can say with
great sincerity that I always disapprove of
forcing upon the House intricate and extended
resolutions and demanding upon them an
expression of the House without the opportu-
nity for debate. Therefore, upon further re-
flection, I shall make no objections to having
the resolutions referred to the Committee on
E'orcign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the rules will be regarded as suspended, and
the resolutions introduced and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Atfairs.
There was no objection.
Mr. JUDD. I hope the resolutions will be
printed.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the resolutions will be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the bill (H. R. No. 601) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1809, which was postponed till this
day, which, by the order of the House, is re-
garded as Monday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman^ front Maine, [Air. Pike,] who made
the point of order on the three last sections
of the bill, is not here at this moment. I
think he would not insist upon the point of
order this morning. But it the point of order
be insisted upon 1 shall move to suspend the
rules to introduce those sections.
Mr. KELLI3Y. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman from Maine, if here, would insist on
the point of order, and in doing so would act
in pursuance of the determination arrived at
by the Committee on Naval Affairs this morn-
ing. I therefore desire to reserve the point
of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I agreed
to give tho gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
what is satisfactory to him, part of my hour,
to explain the objections he has to these sec-
tions.
Mr. TvLjLLFjY. I feel it is mv duty, as a
member of the Naval Committee", in the ab-
sence of the chairman, to insist on the point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union are before tho House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
the three sections at the close of the Navy
appropriation bill, as printed, as an amend-
ment. It is necessary they should come in to
carry out the estimates of the Secretary and
the appropriations ot the committee.
I he Clerk read the amendment, as follows :
Sec. —. And be %t further enacted. That the fourth
section ot on act entitled "An act making appropri-
"phT,S/t'' service for the year ending tho
uOth of June, 18-13, approved March 3,1847; the sec-
ond section of an act entitled "An act to increase
f,h° ™ midshipmen and others," approved Mai eh
•>, 18oo; tho sccond section of an act entitled " An ->ct
to regulate the appointment and pay of engineers in
^ *°ti Unit.?a 8t?te5' Au^"t
■ d, 181-, the ninth seeuon of an act entitled "An act
to amend cert am acts m relation to the Navv " at'-
proved March 2,1867; and the first section of an act
entitled "An act to establish the office of sofkitor
hS ond\°h ? ° advo,cak';" approved March 2, 1865,
be, and tlio t-ame arc hereby, repealed.
evwv'sTimVl!' he yf"rthtr enacted. That each and
evelj seaman, ordinary seaman, or landsman who
shaU perform the duty of a fireman or coal-heaver
i i1> V iut-7 suau uiu-> t>c
qI./uk • > "firemen and coal-heavers, and whieh
shall be in audition to their compensation as<$ctvi
ordinary
Sec.
°/n> ^.landsmen, as aforesaid.
^eameu,
, • Awl bz ujarrfier eiK.ictcd, That the number
of non-commii«ionfid officers inu^iohms and i ri-
i}lonael1AfDdT'iHolv1e,-J to bo enlisted into the
Al- uiic corps of tho Tinned State-s be, and the w-nn
tibir-hl'i"'! ult al\a lji;?lared t0 b« the number *e<-
tlmh if Con;?l'?ss entitled "An act for
ho better oigamzatum ot the Marine coros " un-
proved July 1861; and all acts or parts of acts
