THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
clear violation of the tenure of-office act, the
President is manifestly guilty, in manner and
form, as he stands charged in the first, the sec-
ond, the third, the eighth, and the eleventh
articles of impeachment; and no man can gain-
say it except a man who accepts as law the as-
sumption of his answer that it is his executive
prerogative judicially to interpret the Consti-
tution for himself; to set aside, to violate, and
to defy the law when it vests no discretion in
him whatever, and challenge the people to
bring him to trial and judgment.
Senators, on this question of the magnitude
and character of these offenses charged against
the President I shall be permitted, inasmuch ,
as the counsel from New York thought it im-
portant to refer to it, to ask your attention to !
what was ruled and settled, and I think well
settled, on the trial of Judge Peck. The coun-
sel took occasion to quote, as you may remem-
ber, a certain statement from the record of
that tiial, but took special pains to avoid any
statement of what was actually settled by it.
I choose to have the whole of the authority.
If the gentleman insists upon the law in this
case, I insist upou all the forms and upon all
its provisions. In the trial of Peck, from which
I read on page 427, Mr. Buchanan. chairman
of the Managers on the part of the House of
Representatives, made the statement that—
"An impeachable violation of law may consist in
the abuse as well as in the usurpation of authority."
Subject, if you please, to the limitations of
your own laiv that the abuse and the usurpa-
tion, as is clearly the fact here in the capital,
ore indictable. I venture to say, Senators, if
you look carefully through that record you
will find none of the learned gentlemen who
appeared in behalf of Judge Peck questioning
for a moment the correctness of the proposi-
tion. The learned and accomplished and la-
mented ex-Attorney General of the United
States, Mr. Wirt, who appeared on that, trial,
admitted it. There seemed to have been no
question in the Senate upon the subject against
it. I think Mr. Buchanan was most liappy in
his statement of the law in declaring that it
may consist in an abuse of power and may
consist in a usurpation of authority. For the
puiposes of this case I think it capable of
the clearest demonstration that this is the
rule which ought to govern its decision, inas-
much as all the offenses charged, when com-
mitted within the District, as already shown,
are indictable.
It is conceded that there is a partial excep-
tion to this rule, and that exception furnishes
ail the law which has appeared in this case,
so far as 1 have been able to discover, in the
defense of the Executive. It is an exception,
however, made exclusively in the interests of
judicial officers. The rule is well stated in
5 Johnson, 291, by Chancellor Kent, in the case
of Yates vs. Lansing. I read from that au-
thority :
"Judicial exercise of power is imposed upon the
courts, and they must decide and act accoiding to
their judgment, and therefore the law will protect
them."
He adds:
"The doctrine which holds a judge exempt from a
civil suit or indictment for any act done or omitted
to bo done by him sitting as judge has a doep root
iu the common law. It is to be found in thet earliest
judicial records, and it has been steadily maintained
by an undisturbed current of decisions in the .English
courtsamid every change of policy and through every
revolution of their Government."
A judge manifestly, upon this authority, act-
ing within his general authority, cannot be held
to answer for an error ofjudgment. He would
only be impeachable, however erroneous his
judgment might be, tor an abuse, for a usurp-
ation of authority great in itself, and it must
be specially averred, and must be proved as
averred. No such rule ever was held to apply,
since the courts first sat at Westminster, to an
executive officer. It is an exception running
through all the law in favor of judicial officers.
A mere executive officer clothed with no judi-
cial authority would be guilty of usurpation
without the averment of corruption. I beg to
say that it has never been averred, or held
necessary if averred, in any authoritative case j|
against any executive officer whatever. An j
error ofjudgment would not excuse him. I 'j
refer to the general rule of lav,- on this subject i
as stated by Sedgwick in his work on statutory ||
and constitutional law, in which he says: j
"Good faith is no excuse for the violation of stat- jj
utes. Ignorance of the law cannot besot up in de- j
fense, and this rule holds good in civil as well a.- in e
criminal oases."—1 Scduico-k, 100, i
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I should jj
like to ask the Manager whether he feels able
to go on further to-day or not? 1 make the
suggestion to him.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I am at the
pleasure of the Senate. 1 will be aide to pro-
ceed, if it be the pleasure of the Senate, for
half an hour or so more with this argument;
but 1 abide the pleasure of the Senate, and
will defer to whatever may be their wishes
about it.
Several Sexatobs. Goon! Goon!
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Senators, at this
point of the argument the gentleman from
New York, speaking for the President, know-
ing that the rule as 1 have read it from Sedg-
wick is the rule of universal application to
executive officers and to all officers save ju-
dicial officers, that ignorance of the law can
never be interposed as an excuse either in
civil or criminal proceedings for the deliberate
violation of the law, entered upon a wonder-
ful adventure when he undertook to tell the
Senate of the United States—1 really thought
it was a slip of the tongue, for 1 have great
respect for his learning, and I could not but
think he knew better—but he intimated that
this rule, which holds the violator of law an-
swerable and necessarily implies the guilty
purpose and the guilty intent from the fact of
its violation, was a rule that was restricted to
offenses mala in se. The gentleman ought to
have known when he made that utterance that
the highest writer upon the law in America,
and second to no writer upon the law who
writes in the English language in any country,
has truly recorded in his great commentaries
upon the laws that the distinction between
mala prohibila and mala in se is long ago ex-
ploded, and the same rule applies to the one
as to the other. 1 refer to 1 Kent's Comment-
aries, page 529, and really I cannot sec why
it sr.ould not be so. I doubt very much whether
it is within the compass of the mind of any
Senator within the hearing of my voice to say
it should not be so. Chancellor Kent says
upon that subject, page 529 :
"Thedistinction between statutory offenses which
aro mala prohibita only, or mala in fir, is now ex-
ploded, and a breach of the statute law in cither case
is equally unlawful and equally a breach of duty."
The Senate will remember the very curious
and ingenious use that the gentleman attempted
to make of this statement of his, and that was
that it cannot be possible that you are to hold
these acts of the President criminal by force
of the act of 1801 which, by relation simply,
makes common-law offenses indictable crimes
within the District of Columbia; that was
not the only use, but that was a part of it,
and he went on to say to the Senate further
that he could not see the force of the remark
made by my colleague, [Mr. Boutwell,] that
the President of the United States in this letter
of authority by the appointment ad interim of
Lorenzo Thomas in the presence of the Sen-
ate, during its session, without its advice and
consent, twelve days after the expiration of
the six months limited by the provisions of the
act of 1795, could be held a criminal act. The
defense of the President in some sort rested
on the provisions of that law which authorized
him to supply a vacancy iu the several Depart-
ments for a period not exceeding six months.
Well, I will try to explain it here if I may be
pardoned in case I should happen to refer to
it again in the progress of my argument.
It is explained by this simple word, that the
act of 1795, under which he attempts iu his
distress to shelter himself, says that no one
vacancy shall be so supplied for a longer period
than six months; he did supply it, according
to the very words of his answer, for he tells you
he made a vacancy indefinitely when ho sus-
pended Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War;
he says in his answer it was an indefinite sus-
pension. not simply for six month.,, but dur-
ing the time he might occupy the executive
power in this country. He indefinitely sus-
pended him, he says, under tlieC'onstitution and
laws; and he tells you further, in the same an-
swer, that under the act of1705 he supplied the
vacancy. That act told him he should not sup-
ply it for a longer period than six months, unless
it results that at the end of every six months
he ma}'supply it ajrain and the statute thereby
bo repealed, supply it to the end of the time
allotted him under the Constitution to execute
the office of President ol'lhe United States. I
would like some Senator, in your deliberations,
to make answer lo that suggestion and see how
it can be got rid of. He makes a vacancy
indefinitely: he appoints Genera! Grant Secre-
tary of War ad interim; at, t ile end of six
months, and twelve days after the expiration
of six months, in utter defiance of the law of
1795, he makes another appointment; and at
the end of that six months and twelve days
after, if you please, in further defiance of it,
he makes unrulier, and so on until the end of
the time during which he may exercise the office
of President, while the law itself expressly de-
clares that no vacancy shall lie so supplied for
a longer period than six months. 1 think the
gentleman from New York could have seen it
but for the interest he felt in the fate of his
client. That is my impression, and everybody
else can see it in this country.
But, it has been furthci said, by way of illus-
tration and answer to all this, said by the coun-
sel for the President, ''Suppose the Congress
of the United Stales should enact a law in clear
violation ol'lhe express power conferred upon
the President, as, for example, a law declaring
that he shall not be Commander-in-Chief of
the Army, a law declaring that he shall not
exercise the pardoning power in any case what-
ever, is not the President to intervene and pro-
tect the Constitution ?" 1 answer, no ; not by
repealing the laws. The President is not to
intervene and protect the Constitution against
the laws. The people of the United States are
the guardians of their own honor, the pro-
tectors of their own Constitution, and if there
be anything in that Constitution more clearly
written and defined and established than
another, it is the express and clear provision
that the legislative department of this Govern-
ment is responsible to no power on earth for
the exercise of their legislative authority and
the discharge of their duties during the sessions
of the Congress save to the people that ap-
pointed them. It is a new doctrine altogether
that the Constitution is exclusively in the keep-
ing of the President. When that day comes,
Senators, that the Constitution of your coun-
try, so essential to your national existenceand
so essential to the peacc, the happiness, and
the prosperity of the people, rests exclusively
upon the fidelity and patriotism and integrity
of Andrew Johnson, may God save the Con-
stitution and save the republic from its de-
fender! No, sirs: there is no such power
vested in the President of the United States.
It is only coming back to the old {proposition.
Why, say the gentlemen, surely it would he
unconstitutional for Congress so to legislate.
Agreed, agreed ; I admit that it would be not
only unconstitutional, butit would be criminal.
But the question is, before what tribunal is the
Congress to answer'? Only before the tribunal
of the people. Admit that they did it cor-
ruptly, admit that they did it upon bribe; and
yet every man at all conversant with the CoU'
stitution of the country knows well th^t it is
written in that instrument tha? members of
Congress shall not be held to answer in any
other place or before any body whatever for
their official conduct in Congress assembled
save to their respective Houses. That is the
end of it. They answer to the people, and the
people alouc can apply the remedy, and of
course ought lo apply it, You cannot make
