1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3469
vide for such a class of advertisements being
published in the city of Washington.
Another clause of that second act provides
for the publication of the laws. By general
law the laws are published at a very low rate
in two papers selected in each of the States ;
but by this law these two newspapers selected
for the District of Columbia wore authorized
to publish the laws at not exceeding the rates
paid by private individuals for advertisements.
The result is, that in one case that was pre-
sented, one of the publishers of these city papers
here charged the Government $1,500 for ad-
vertising postal routes in certain States, when
the rate fixed by law as to other papers was
$315. The Comptroller, when the case was
brought before him, decided that it could not
have been the intention of Congress to provide
for the publication of all advertisements or-
dered by any head of a Department in Wash-
ington ; nor could it have been the intention
of Congress to provide for one rate of com-
pensation for the publication in the States and
for a rate several times as large in this city.
These accounts are now suspended, and it will
be necessary for Congress to pass on the sub-
ject.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does this correct that
practice ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. The amend-
ment has been carefully prepared with that
view. It leaves these two papers to publish
the advertisements, and requires the Depart-
ments to give them all the advertisements
that are published at not higher than the
rates now provided for by law ; but it pi-ovides
that no advertisements shall be published by
them unless tli&y are furnished to them by the
proper head of Department.
Mr. THUMB DLL. Do I understand the
Senator from Ohio to say it requires the head
of a Department to give them all the adver-
tisements ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; it does not re-
quire the head of a Department to give them
any advertisements. It does not authorize
them to publish any, unless furnished by the
head of a Department, and it prohibits the
Uovernmentadvertisementsin any otlierpapers
in this District except the two designated by
law. 1 do not know whether I have made
myself understood; but that is the object of
the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. flight at this point, if the
Senator will permit me before he takes his seat,
I wish to suggest to him that the proposed
amendment to the amendment goes further
than that. It confers the discretion upon the
heads of the proper Departments to withhold
what advertisements they please. What is to
hinder them from withholding all advertise-
ments under that discretion, so construing it?
That it would be an illegitimate construction I
have no doubt; but with political feeling such
as exists, what is to hinder them from exer-
cising that discretion in a most damaging man-
ner to a paper that they do not like?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia will see that we have provided that the
two papers which have been selected shall pub-
lish all the advertisements'that are authorized
to be published here.
Mr. OONNESS. I understand that.
Mr. SHERMAN. And then we leave to the
heads of the Departments to say what adver-
tisements shall be published. Somebody must
decide that question. For instance, not to
enlarge on this matter, I can read several
advertisements that I have here which every
man 
Mr. CONNESS. I understand that. I do
not, wish to charge the Treasury with the pub-
lication uf unnecessary advcitisements; but
why not provide, in proper language, that that
clas-^ of publications shall not be made, without
leaving the discietion in the heads ol the De-
partments to withhold what advertisements
tiiey may think fit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who is to decide what
are necessary to be published?
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be decided by the
language of the law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, I will suggest that I do not think
it is a matter of discretion now. By law cer-
tain transactions are required to be advertised
absolutely, beyond the discretion of anybody.
For instance, proposals for stationery and for
supplies of all kinds in the Departments are
required to be advertised. That is not. a mat-
ter of discretion; but the question is, how ad-
vertised? In what papers? By the act re-
ferred to in this amendment they are required
to be advertised in two particular papers; so
that I submit to the Senator from California
there is no margin of discretion whatever,
so far as that goes. The law requires certain
advertisements to be made. Then it directs
that they shall be published in these papers
absolutely. Now, the Senator from Ohio says
that in addition to those advertisements these
papers have a practice of advertising for pro-
posals which are not authorized by law to be
made in these papers, but which are not for-
bidden, and which are advertised in different
parts of the country; and in addition to that,
they are in the habit of advertising proposals
which are not submitted to them at all by the
heads of Departments. That is what I under-
stand him to say; and this amendment is to
correct that abuse. If I am right in supposing
that it is not a matter of discretion with the
heads of Departments whether they will pub-
lish what is required to be published in these
two papers, then it is clear that this proposi-
tion would not give these heads of Depart-
ments the discretion which the Senator from
California supposes.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the incorporation
of the words proposed by the Senator from
Ohio as an amendment to the amendment will
give that discretion: but I have already said
that 1 did not think it could be legitimately so
construed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the diffi-
culty in this case appears to have arisen out of
the act of March 2, 1867. Piior to that, in the
act referred to in that act, the only advertise
ments that were permitted to be published in
the city of Washington were those that by pre-
existing laws were required to bo published in
this city. The act of 1856 declared:
"That alt advertising, notices, and proposals for
contracts lor the Post Ofiice Department, and all
advertising, notices, and proposals (or contracts tor
all the Executive Departments of the Government,
requited by la,w to be published in the city ot Wash-
ington, shall hereafter be advertised by publication
in the two daily nowspapersin the city ol Washington
having the largest circulation, and in no others."
You will see that by the act of 1866 the
Washington papers were only authorized to
publish those notices that the law relating to
that class of notices required to be published
here. What those were I do not know; but
we can obviously enough see that there are
certain notices that ought to be published here
and a great many others that ought not which
would be perfectly useless here. Then when
we come to the act of 1867, referring to this
act of 1806 that I have read, the phraseology
was changed, which led to this abuse, and was
adopted in this form, the tenth section of the
act of March 2, 1807, referred to in the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio :
"That all advertisements, notices, and proposals
for contracts for all the Executive Departments ot
the Government, and the laws passed by Congress
and executive proclamations and treaties, shall here-
after be advertised by publication in the two dany
papers published m the District of Columbia now
selected under the act ot the liist session ot the
Thirty-Ninth Congress making appropriations lor
the service of the Post Otiice Department,1 <xc.
Thus it will be seen that the abuse we are
speaking of grew up under the act of 1807,
which seemed to declare on the face of it,
referring to the two papers indicated by the
act of 1866 as having the largest circulation,
that there should be published therein every
advertisement, every law, every publication,
taking the terms of it, so that these papers
claimed that if, as is said by the Senator
from Ohio, there is an advertisement for beef
to supply the Army down in Arizona, they had
the right to take it and publish it, when every
body knows there is" no beef fit to eattobe
had in Washington, and no use of advertising
for it here.
The difficulty, if there is any, about this
amendment which is to correct this abuse, is
that it is not stringent enough. It ought to be
so confined as only to cover the class of cases
that is referred to by the Senator from Cali-
fornia and enacted in the act of 1866 ; that is
to say, that class of cases where the existing
law requires a publication positively in this
city, and that in all others they shall not pub-
lish. I do not think the amendment goes quite
far enough. There ought to be added to it a
provision something like this: to insert after
the word "proclamations," in the eighth line of
the amendment, "and being required by law
to be published in the District of Columbia,"
and then you will restore it to where it stood
under the act of I860, to which the Senator
from California has alluded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
carry out the purpose. All we desired was to
give to the newspapers selected by the Clerk
of the House and by the law the publication
of whatever has to be published in this District;
but not to authorize or require by law the pub-
lication in this city of all the advertisements
published throughout the United States. In
order to show Senators the character of this
business, I hold in my hand an advertisement
for the sale of some stuff in Santa F6 pub-
lished in this city. Here is a whole page of
advertisements of mail routes, &c., in the far
western Territories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
how they get those advertisements? Did the
Departments furnish them to the papers here?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; they get them from
the western papers.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. Copy them out?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose so. I do not
know where they get them; I did not inquire
into that; but they get them and publish them,
and present their bills, but the Comptrollers
and the accounting officers hesitate about them.
They have overruled them thus far; but the
law is doubtful. I think the amendment as I
have prepared it will accomplish the purpose
that we all desire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they play such tricks
as that I think we ought to select some other
papeis.
Mr. SHERMAN. They will all do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio by
inserting after the word "proclamations," in
line ten, the words "and being required by
law to be published in the District ot Colum-
bia." That carries us back to the foundation
referred to in the act of 1866, to which the
Senator from California has alluded ; so that
it will not permit the head of a Department to
have anything published here except what the
law already requites.
Mr. CONNESS. Nor prohibit it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would prohibit it; but
it only authorizes the head of a Department to
deliver to these papers such advertisements as
the law requires to be printed here. By look-
ing at the act of 1806 it will be seen that it
refers to existing legislation of various kinds,
the details of which 1 am not familiar with, as
fixingthatwhiehis to be published, and another
class were to be published elsewhere. The
act of 1867 intended undoubtedly to follow the
act of 186G; but from the looseness of its
phraseology it covered all classes of adver-
tisements, and in its terms it certainly author-
izes the publication here of everything. Now,
| if we limit the amendment ot the Senator hom
Ohio, in what the heads of Departments shall
deliver to them, to those advertisements that
the law requires to be published in this Dis-
trict. just as the act of I860, which is the
foundation of all this, requires to be done, we
shall be perfectly safe.
