1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
militaky academy.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War ad interim
transmitting a communication from the In-
spector of the Military Academy, proposing j
certain legislation relative to that institution; :
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
buildings in st. louis.
The SPEAKER also laid before tlie House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of the 2l>th ultimo, a
statement of buildings rented or leased in St.
Louis for military purposes.
.Mr. WASLIBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that that communication be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations and printed.
Mr. PILE. It should be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have the statement read.
The Clerk read the statement accompanying
the letter of the Secretary. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
may as well go to the Committee on Military
Affairs, as I see it involves no appropriation. I
move that it be so referred and printed. ,
The motion was Agreed to. ;
contractors i or naval vessels, etc. '
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in 'Compliance with the act
of March 2,1867, the report of a board of naval
officers appointed to investigate the claims of ,
the contractors for budding vessels, &c.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the communica- j
tion with the accompanying report be referred |
to the Committee on Naval Affairs and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
president's message.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been re-
quested to lay before the House a communica-
tion from several correspondents who have seats
in the reporters' gallery of this House. The
Clerk will read the communication if there be
no objection.
The Clerk read the communication, as fol-
lows :
Washington, D. C., December 4, 1867.
Sib: As the publication of the President's message
in many of the papers ol tiio country, in advanoe of
its presentation to Congress, has been made the sub-
ject of comment and discussion in the House, and as
it is regarded as disrespectiul both to the Congress
and the President, we, the undersigned, special cor-
respondents, resident in Washington, rcspectiully
ask that the matter be referred to some appropriate
standing committee tor investigation, in order that
the responsibility of any breach of honor or good
faith may be fixed, -and that it may likewise be
known who acted Irom mercenary motives, which
are charged as being the cause of such alleged vio-
lation ot honor and good faith.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servants,
W. B. SHAW,
Chicago Journal.
L. L. CROUNSE,
JS'cw York Times.
JAMES It. YOUNG,
New York Tribune.
W. SCOTT SMITH,
New York Evening Pott.
J. MACFARLAND,
Evening Press Association.
WILLIAM W. WARDEN,
Philadelphia Ledger and Baltimore Sun.
R. K. ELLIOT,
Philadelphia Age.
GEORGE W. ADAMS,
Netc York World.
H.V. N. BOYNTON,
' Cincinnati Gazette.
ED. P. BROOKS,
Philadelphia Press.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, .Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That request being
in tone respectful to the House, I suppose it
may as well be referred to a committee with
instructions to report whether the request
should be complied with. I therefore move
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary with such instructions.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
joint committee on retrenchment.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the Senate:
In Senate of the United States,
December 3,1867.
Resolved, That the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment on the part of the Senate appointed at the last
session, and consisting of Mr. Edmunds, Mr. avil-
liams, Mr. Patterson of New Hampshire, and Mr.
Buckalew, be, and they are hereby, reappointed.
Mr. AVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
the reference of this resolution to the Com-
mittee on appropriations.
The SPEAKER. This matter properly
needs no reference. By reference to the Jour-
nal of the House of the 7th of March last it
will be seen that the Senate sent a message to
the House requesting concurrence in their
action continuing the joint Committee on
Retrenchment during the Fortieth Congress,
which request was complied with. That was
probably overlooked by the Senate. The mes-
sage will therefore lie on the table if there be
no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can see
no objection to making the reference I have
indicated.
Mr. RANDALL. I Vould like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
what object he has in view in asking for this
reference. It is merely information of the
action of the Senate in reappointing this
committee. [After a pause.] In the absence
of any answer from the gentleman I would say
to him 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can
explain to the gentleman if he will yield.
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
it may be proper to refer the resolution to some
committee in order that they may inquire
whether it is best or not to continue this com-
mittee. If the matter has been passed upon
and is beyond the action of the House, then
perhaps there can be no use in sending the
resolution of the Senate to any committee.
The SPEAKER. The action of the two
Houses in continuing this committee can only
be rescinded by a concurrent resolution of both
Houses.
Mr. RANDALL. I see the dilemma the
gentleman has placed himself in by endeavor-
ing to cast an insinuation upon this committee
that they will ask for some appropriation. I
would inform him that their action lies in an
entirely different direction. They are endeav-
oring to save money, and in no event will they
ask for any appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do notsee
why the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] should understand me as implying
any such thing by the motion I have made. _ 1
am very certain that any committee of which
he is a member will do all in its power to save
appropriations and effect retrenchment. I only
desired that the subject might be examined by
some committee. If the matter has passed
beyond the jurisdiction of the House the con-
current resolution had better be laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER. It will be laid on the table,
if there is no objection.
There was no objection. -
joint committee on ordnance.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the Senate, transmitting the fol-
lowing extract from its Journal:
In the Senate op the United States,
December 3,1867.
Resolved, That the joint Committee on Ordnance
on the part of the Senate, appointed at the Inst ses-
sion, and consisting of Mr. Howard, Mr. Cameron,
and Mr. Drake,bo, and they arehereby, reappointed.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY, Secretary.
The SPEAKER. The question is on con-
curring with the Senate in this resolution.
On the question there were—yeas 62, noes
34.
Mr. BOYER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order to move that the House adjourn?
Mr. SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ROBINSON. I make that motion.
Mr. MAYNA11D. I desire to inquire what
would be the effect of adopting now the motion
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The calling of the yeas
and nays would be the unfinished business to-
morrow morning.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think we may as well
dispose of this question now.
Mr. ROBINSON. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of Keziah
Holman, of Lenox, Ashtabula county, Ohio,
widow of Andrew Holman, for a pension.
By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of Levi
K. Joslin and 525 others, praying for the set-
tlement of international disputes by arbitration.
By Mr. KELSEY : The petition of Milo D.
Codding, of Rochester, New York, for patent-
ing a hundred items of mechanical structures.
Also, the petition of said Milo D. Codding,
fpr grants of lauds for educational purposes.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The
petition and documents of Jonathan Jessupp,
postmaster at York, Pennsylvania, in reference
to the robbery of the post office at that place.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Mrs. Jane
Naylor, widow of Benjamin B. Naylor, pilot
of the monitor Patapsco, who was killed by tho
explosion of a torpedo, for the passage of an
act to grant her a pension.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of David
V. Sewall and Joseph J. Jackson, for bounty.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Joseph B.
Clarke, ofDowagiac, Michigan, praying for an
amendment of the laws granting pensions to
widows of deceased soldiers in certain cases.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 5, 1867.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
laws of new mexico.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the laws of the Territory of New
Mexico, passed by the Legislative Assembly at
the session of 1866-67; which were referred
to the Committee on Territories.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from the falls of St. Anthony to a point of
junction with the Northern Pacific railroad,
on the Red river of the North; which were
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road. . . .
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington city, District of Columbia,
praying for such, action as will suspend the
execution of the contracts for the erection of
a new jail in and for the District of Columbia j
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Burlington, New Jersey, for
the enactment of proper laws for the reliet of
the Indian tribes, that all the rights of citizen-
ship be conferred upon them, and an investiga-
tion of the official conduct of all Government
officers who have had anything to do with In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the memorial
of Captain Charles Hunter, United States Navy,
who was dismissed from the servicc for having
