1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
authorizing a number to be enlisted in excess of the
number in act of July 25,1881, are hereby repealed;
and the total amount appropriated by this bill is
$18,096,045.
The SPEAKER. The point of order was
made on these sections in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and
they were ruled out, no appeal being taken
from the decision of the Chairman. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania now makes the
point of order that they are not in order under
the 120th rule, as they are independent legis-
lation on an appropriation bill. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. KELLEY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs approve some of the general principles
of these sections, but they desire to introduce
a well considered bill aiming at what is here
proposed very crudely.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to suspend the rules, so as to enable me to intro-
duce these sections as an amendment. There
is no quorum present, and first, perhaps, Iliad
better move there be a call of the House.
Mr. MUNGKN. Iask thegenlleman to yield
to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi nois. I will yield
for propositions that do not give rise to debate
and upon which no votes are asked, and hope
notice will be sent out that the House is with-
out a quorum.
POST BOOM.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
817) to establish a post route from Findlay,
via Benton Ridge, Blull'ton, and Beaver Dam,
to Lima, in the State of Ohio, and to abolish
post route No. 9388; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REDUCTION 01? INTERNAL REVENUE TAX.
Mr. MORRELL. Iask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Manufactures
the following preamble and resolution :
"Whereas the depressed condition of the productive
industries of the country is largely due to the burden-
some taxation to which it is subjected ; and wheieas
3uch taxation is no longer necessary lor the credit of
the Government, and under the operations of in-
creasing foreign competition must bo chiefly borne
by the producer, and thus come out of the wages of
labor; and whereas the true interests of the people
demand an early declaration by Congress of the policy
which itsmaturer legislation will secure to thecoun-
try: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be, and itishereby,requested to reportfortlie
action of this Jlouse at the earliest practicable date
bills providing tor the removal of the internal revenue
tax from all useful productions, for the adjustment
ot import and tonnage duties so as to equalize the
dispaiitie3 in the cose of capital and labor between
our own and competing nations, to encourage the
importation of the skilled laborer instead of theprod-
uct of his labui, secure the balance of trade in tavor
of this country, and thus insure to the nation finan-
cial solvency, a safe and permanent return to specie
values,industrialprosperity, a.nd true independence.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. MORRELL. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
borne] to suspend the rules.
RELIEF OF DESTITUTE IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, forimme
diate consideration Senate bill No. 270, for the
temporary relief of the destitute people in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I will yield
to nothing that will lead to any discussion.
The SPEAKER. A single objection will
prevent its being considered. The bill will be
read, after which the Chair will call for objec-
tion, if any.
Mr. WOOD. I shall ask leave to offer an
amendment to the bill when it comes before
the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That may be granted.
The bill was road. It appropriates 815,000
for the temporary relief of the destitute popu-
lation in the District of Columbia,_ to be ex-
pended under the supervision and direction of
the Commissioner of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands; provided that as far as prac-
ticable said sum shall be expended in the em-
ployment of persons upon the public grounds
and works in the District of Columbia, for
which appropriations have been heretofore
made by Congress, such laborers to be under
the direction of the officer acting as Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds.
The SPEAKER. Is_ there objection to
allowing the committee to report this bill for
passage at the present time without discuJ-
sion?
Mr. WOOD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment by adding after the words "Commis-
sioner of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands" the words ''and Provident Aid Society
of the city of Washington."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not know that I
shall object to that. Here is a document
which I desire to have read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman accept
the amendment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would rather accept
it than have the bill postponed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STATE GOVERNMENT OF TEXAS.
Mr. LOAN. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. WaShburnk] to yield and allow me
to offer a resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I will yield.
Mr. LOAN. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution :
liesolved, That tho Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into and to report, without
unnecessary delay, tho law and facts involved in the
following propositions:
1. Whether the State government of the State of
Texas existing in 1860 yet exists; and if not, at what
time it ceased to exist, and what government, power,
or authority succeeded to the political and other
rights of said State government.
2. Whether the rebel government that existed in
Texas for several years during tho late rebellion suc-
ceeded to any of the rights, political or others, of tho
former government of that State; and if so, to what
rights did the rebel de facto government succeed;
arc any of tho acts done or any laws enacted by its
authority, valid; for instance—aro marriages solem-
nized under and by virtue of laws ot, or authority
derived from, said rebel government valid, and the
issue of such marriages legitimate.
3. Was the rebel government existing in Texas dur-
ing tho late rebellion a de facta government suffi-
ciently established so as to acquire, under the law of
nations or otherwise, the right to the land and other
property owned by tho State ol Texas prior to the re-
bellion; and if not,what government, State, orpower
now owns the land and other property which be-
longed to the State of Texas at tho time of the com-
mencement of the rebellion; if the de facto rebel gov-
ernment succeeded as such to all the rights of the
State of Texas existing at the time of the rebellion,
what rights, if any, accrued to tho Federal Govern-
ment as conquorors of the rebel de facto government;
has the Federal Government, by conquest or other-
wise, since the time of the commencement of the re-
bellion, acquired any title to the land and other prop-
erty which bolonged to the State of Texas at that
time; can the United States, as sovereign under tho
laws ot war, acquire by conquest and succeed to the
rights of property of a'State of the Union by the
suppression of a rebellion in such State, such as was
that of Texas in the late war.
Mr. BURR. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope not. It will keep
the Committee on the Judiciary out of mis-
chief for three months. [Laughter.]
impeachment of the president. .
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Bing-
ham, the committee appointed to communicate
to the Senate the action of the House ordering
an impeachment of the President of the United
States, appeared at the bar of the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said; Mr.
Speaker, in obedience to the order of the House,
we proceeded to the bar of the Senate, and in
the name of this body and of all the people of
the United States we impeached, as we were
directed to do, Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, of high crimes and misde-
meanors in office, and we demanded that the
Senate should take order to make him appear
before that body to answer for the same ; and
announced that tho House would soon present
articles of impeachment- and make them good,
to which the response was, "Order shall be
taken."
SAMUEL II. MOORE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent^ laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the House of the 7th in-
stant, the papers in the case of Samuel H.
Moore, late a private in company G-, fifty-seventh
regiment Ohio veteran volunteer infantry ;
which was referred!; to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
RIOT AT MARSHALL, TEXAS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of
the 22d ultimo, a report by General Hancock
on the riot at Marshall, Texas, December 31,
1867 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
constitution of alabama.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the constitution of the
State of Alabama, as revised and amended by
the convention assembled atMontgomery, No-
vember 5, 1867; which was referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed an act (S. No. 350) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide for the
prompt settlement of public accounts," ap-
proved March 3, 1817; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Puce] is now here.
He is willing to withdraw his point of order
on the sections of the naval appropriation bill
and to let them be received, on condition that
he shall have a portion of my time to discuss
them.
Mr. PIKE. On condition that time shall be
allowed to discuss them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
for a vote on the motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken on Mr. washburne's
motion to suspend the rules, to allow him to
offer three sections which had been ruled out
of order; and there were—ayes 62, noes 42;
not two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ketcham
and Barnum were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes G7, noes 39; not two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I demand
the yeas and nays. If these amendments are
not adopted we shall lose millions and millions
of dollars.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PIKE. Is it in order for me to say that
I hope the rules will not be suspended?
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 88, nays 49, not voting 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell. Doles R.
Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Broni-
well, Bioomall, liuckland, Cake, Gary, Churchill,
ileader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cornell, Covode,CulIora, Dawes, Dodge, Lckley,
liggleston, Farnsworth, Ferrisa, Ferry, Fields,
Gravely,Griswold, Halsey, Hawkins, 11 igby, Hill.lloi-
man, Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter, Judd, J ulian.Kclsey,
Koontz, Laflio, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, Miller,
Moore. Moorhead. Morrell, Mullins.Ncwcomb, Nunn,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Poland, Price, Ilaum,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Spalding, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson,'Van Wyck. Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wasbburne, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Johu T. Wilson, and Stephen F.
Wilson—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James M. Ashley,
Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler,
