1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44©3
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois., moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military peace establishment.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 617) to reduce the mili-
tary peace establishment of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report some
amendments to that bill and to ask that it be
put upon its passage, and I call upon the House
to insist on considering it now. I ask for the
reading of the bill.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
provides that the line of the Army as now con-
stituted shall be reduced to thirty regiments
of infantry, eight regiments of cavalry, and four
regiments of artillery; such reduction to be
effected by the consolidation of regiments of
the several arms now in the service, and that
three regiments of infantry shall be composed
of colored troops and three of the troops of
the Veteran Reserve; and one regiment of
cavalry shall be composed of colored troops.
The second section directs the President, so
soon as the public interest and necessity will
admit, to order the muster-out of enlisted men
now in the service until the total number re-
maining in service shall be reduced to thirty
thousand : of cavalry, six thousand ; of artil-
lery, forty-eight hundred ; of infantry, eighteen
thousand five hundred, and of enlisted engi-
neers and ordnance department, seven hun-
dred ; provided that until such reduction is
reached no further enlistments into the Army
shall be made, and thereafter there shall be no
more than thirty thousand enlisted men in ser-
vice at any one time, unless hereafter author-
ized by law. The third section provides that all
the bands now in the service organized under
the provisions of section seven of an act to fix
the military peacc establishment of the United
States, approved July 28, 18G6, exccpt the band
at the Military Academy, shall be honorably dis-
charged without delay, and shall receive full
pay and allowances to the date of their discharge.
The fourth section provides that it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of War, immediately after
the passage of this act, to appoint a board of,
competent officers, whose duty it shall be to
prepare and submit to the Secretary of War a
plan for the reduction of the oiBcers of the
Army, and designating from the officers of the
line of the several grades now in service those
to be retained on duty with the consolidated
regiments, those to be wholly discharged from
the service, and those not retained on duty with
the regiments herein authorized whom it is
deemed advisable or proper to retain in ser-
vice ; and it is made the duty of the Secretary
of War to submit such plan to the action of
Congress at its next ensuing session, together
with the names and rank of the officers to be
so retained or so discharged; and until the
action of Congress be had thereon no other
action shall be taken on said plan.
Before the Cleik proceeded to read the fifth
section of the bill,
Mr. INGERSOLL said: I desire to appeal
to the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs [Mr. Garfield] to take the sense of
the House on the question of referring this bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs without
further reading. If the sense of the House is
in favor of the reference, then he should accede
to it; if not, then we can go on with the bill.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move that the
House now adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
But the Chair would soy that there are now two
conference committees which have notyetmade
reports. One of the committees, the Chair
understands, has agreed upon its report; the
other, upon the funding bill, will probably not
agree upon a report to-night. After the com-
mittee which has agreed shall have made its
report there will be nothing in the way of a
recess until Monday morning, except the bill
now under consideration, and some ten or fifteen
bills upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say that I
have no other purpose than to know the will
of the House in regard t.o this bill. It is due
to the Committee on Military Affairs and to a
very large number of persons who have spoken
to the committee during the last few weeks in
regard to this bill to say that it is thought by a
very large number of the members of this
House—I do not know whether a majority or
not—that we ought to provide for a reduction
of the Army, and that especially we ought to
provide, as is provided by the ninth section of
this bill, some means by which the people in
the southern States which have been recon-
structed can protect themselves. This bill was
very elaborately considered in the Senate, and
is there regarded as a very important bill. And
it is deemed very necessary that the seven
States recently readmitted into the Union, and
now relieved from military control, should be
provided with means to protect themselves.
I have been requested by several members
to submit a proposition to the House for the
purpose of ascertaining whether we will refer
the whole of this bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs, or whether we will take out
one section, the ninth, and proceed to con-
sider it at this time. I prefer that the whole
bill should take its fate together. I am will-
ing, however, that the sense of the House
shall be taken. Let it be understood that this
is a test question.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will put the question on referring the
bill to the Committee oil Military Affairs.
On the question there were—ayes 04, noes 44.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was dccided
in the affirmative—yeas 05, nays 02, not vot-
ing 93 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Delos R. Ashley, Axtoll,
Bakei. Banks, Beck, Bingham, Blair, Bowcn, Boy-
den, Cake, Cary, Chuiclnll, Header \V\ Clarke,
Dawes, Dockery, Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Getz,
Ulossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Xialsey, Hawkins,
Hill, llotchkiss, Hunter, Ingcrsoll, Johnson. Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Ketoham. Knott, Koontz, Latlin,
Lincoln. Mallorv. Mann, Marshall, MeKee, Miller,
Moore, Myers, Niblaek,0']S oill, Orth,Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ross, Sawyer, Stewart, Taber,
Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble. Trowbridge. Van Aer-
nam. Van Auken, Van Trump, Ward, Ehhu B.
Washburn e, William B. Washburn, and Stephen E.
Wilson—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Beattv, Benton, Blackourn, ijoles, Buekland,
Buckley, Calfis, Sidney Olaike, Olii'r, Ooburn, Cui-
lom, Delano, Deweese, Ela, Eerrii-s, Fields, French,
Garfield, Uoss, Gove. Hamilton, Higby, Hinds, Hop-
kins, Chester 1). Hubbard, Jenckes, Alexander il.
Jones, Kelley, Kolsey, Wilhnm Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Loughridsc, Mayuard, MeClurg, Mereur,
Mullins, Paine, Pel ham. Pierce, Pile, Polsley, Xtaum,
Schenck Scotield, Aaron E. Stevens, Stokes. Syplier,
Thomas, Twieh el I.Burt V;m Horn. Van Wyck, Henry
D. Washburn, Welkcr, Whittemore, William Wil-
liams. John 'J'. Wri^on, and Windom—b2.
NOT VOTING -Jlessrs. Anderson, Archer, Bailey,
Baldwin. Barnes, Barnuni, Bcaman, Benjamin, j
Blaine, Boutwcll, Boycr. Biomwell, Brooks, Broom- ,
all, Burr, Benjamin E. Butler, lioderick It. Butler, 1
Ohanlor, Cobb, (Jook, Cornell, Covode, Dixon. Bodge,
Donnelly, Eckley, Edwards, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Ferry, Emncy, Eox. Gravely, Griswold, Ituight,
Harding, Haughey, Heaton, iiolman, Hooper, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Richard b. Hubbard, llulburd, ;
; Humplney, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kitchen, Lash, |
] George V. Ijawreuee,Lynch, ftlaivm. .McCarthy, Me- |
Oonniek, McCullough, Mooihead, Atorrell, Morris- i
sey, Muiigen. Neweomb, Xewshain, Nicholson, Nor- :
j ris, Nunn, Pike, Plants, Price, Pi nice, Pruyii, lian- 1
! daii, Ilobeitson, Itobnibun, ltoots,^ Selye, Shanks,
1 Jshelhibarger, Sttgreaves Smith. Spalding, Stark- I
! weather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Tafc, John
! Trimble, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal, Cad- ;
! walader C. Wa.-bburn, Thomas Williams, J atnes E.
Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—ill!.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to '
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter inolion was agreed to. j
LEAVE TO riUNT. j
Mr, ARNELL obtained leave to print as i
part of the debates remarks on the bill just
referred. [See Appendix.]
enrolled joint resolutions.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled joint resolutions of the following titles ;
when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 328) for the
donation of certain columns ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 358) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon to
Soldiers' Monument Associations of Pequan-
noek and Paterson, New Jersey.
mussaue i'llo.u this senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a bill (H. R.
No. 396) for the relief of Samuel Tibbets.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 144) mak-
ing appropriations for certain executive ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 18G8.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill (S. No. 619) to extend
the laws of the United States relating to cus-
toms, commerce, and navigation, over the
territory ceded to the United States by Russia,
to establish a collection district therein, and
for other purposes ; had asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
had appointed as conferees on the part of the
Senate. Mr. Chandler, Mr. Morrill of Maine,
and Mr. Doolittle.
ICXROI.LKT) RILLS SIGNED.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1277) to provide for the
distribution of the reward offered by the Presi-
dent of the United for the capture of Jefferson
Davis;
An act (H. R. No. 1375) to transfer to the
Department of the Interior certain powers and
duties now exercised by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in connection with Indian affairs; and
An act (H. R. No. 1446J to relieve from
legal and political disabilities certain persons
engaged in the late rebellion.
funding the national debt.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to state that the
conferees on the part of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses on the
funding bill, have been engaged with the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate ; but it is im-
possible for tiiem, on account of business in
the Senate, to remain longer with us to-night.
We have proceeded so far as to satisfy our-
selves tiiere is every reasonable probability of
our agreeing to a report between now and
Monday morning, and reporting a funding bill
that will be satisfactory. I make this state-
ment with a view to impress upon members the
importance of keeping up a quorum on Mon-
day. If we can adjourn so as to meet as early
as eight or nine o'clock on Monday moiuing,
the matter can be arranged.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state there
are only fifteen members over a quorum in the
Hall. Many members have designed returning
home to-morrow, and as the conference com-
mittee has given notice of important business
on Monday morning, the Chair trusts a quorum
will remain until that time.
leave to print.
Mr. BOYDEN and Mr. DOCKERT were
granted leave to print remarks as part or the
debates. [See Appendix.]
PitlNCK edward island.
The SPEAKEB announced that he had
appointed, as the select committee ordered to-
