4494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
day to inquire in reference to Prince Edward
Island, Mr. Butleb, of Massachusetts, Mr.
Poland, and Mr. Beck.
executive appropriation mil.
Mr. KELSEY. I submit the following
report from a committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of confcrence on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tb© amendments to the
"bill (H. 11. No. 1448) making appropriations for cer-
tain executive expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recomincnd,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first and second amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL.
JAMES HARLAN,
A. H. CRAG1N.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
W. II. KELSEY,
W. Si. iSTOKES,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO moved that the House take
a recess until nine o'clock Monday morning.
Mr. ROSS moved to amend by taking a
recess until eleven o'clock Monday morning.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
amend by taking a recess until ten o'clock
Monday morning.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. Delano's motion was agreed to; and
thereupon (at five minutes after ten o'clock p.
m.) the House took a recess until nine o'clock
Monday morning.
AFTER TUB RECESS.
The House, at nineo'clock a. m., [Monday,
July 27,] resumed its legislative session of
Saturday last.
dempsey and o'toole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it in
order to call for the reading of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
ask unanimous consent to take up and pass a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 175) relative to the
recent contract for stationery with the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
The resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to annul and cancel a
contract made by him with Dempsey & O'Toole
for supplying the Department of the Interior
and the several bureaus and offices thereof
with stationery for the fiscal year ending June
SO, 1809, under the advertisement issued May
25, 1868, and to enter into a contract for the
articles mentioned in said advertisement with
Blanchard & Mohun, the latter being the low-
est and best bidders therefor.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman might have stated the grounds of bis
objection to a contract by which the Govern-
ment is "choused" out of twenty thousand
dollars or more.
Mr.. VAN TRUMP. There is a difference
of opinion on that.
contracts payable in coin,
Mr. SCHENCK. I report back from the
Committee of Ways and Means Senate bill
No. 180, relative to contracts payable in coin,
and move that it be laid on the table, and that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideiation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish my colleague would
allow that to lie over till next session. I would
not commit the House against it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw it sit the sug-
gestion of my colleague. It will remain with
the Committee of Ways and Means.
duties on copper ores.
Mr. SCHENCK. I report back again the
bill (H. R. No. 1400) to regulate the duties on
imported copper and copper ores.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
prevent its introduction. The Chair will en-
tertain the objection as a point of order that
the bill must go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me a moment to offer a resolution about
one of the employes of the House ?
Mi-. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will
withdraw his point of order I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. ROSS. Let it be reported for informa-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to let it be reported.
pay of a house employe.
Mr. ROSS, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Jtesolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay from
tlie contingent fund to William Ilenry Hall, jr., an
assistant in tho east cloak-room, the compensation
of a laborer during the timo for which ho lius served
or shall continue to servo in that capacity.
duties on copper orbs acain.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois withdraw his objection to the bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Ohio V
Mr. ROSS. This is about copper. My objec-
tion is they will add on other things, raising
the tariff.
Several Members. No; wo will not.
Mr. ROSS. I withdraw my objection on
that condition.
The SPEAKER. Is there further objection?
The Chair hears none.
The bill was read a first, second, and third
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let the bill be reported.
The bill was reported. It provides that from
and after the passage of the act, in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the arti-
cles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the articles
herein enumerated and provided for, imported
from foreign countries, the following specified
duties and rates of duty, that is to say: On
all copper imported in the form of ores, three
cents on each pound of fine copper contained
therein ; on all regulus of copper, and on all
black or coarse copper, four cents on each
pound of fine copper contained therein ; on
all old copper fit only for remanufacture, four
cents per pound ; on all copper in plates, bars,
ingots, pigs, and in other forms not manufac-
tured or herein enumerated, five cents per
pound.
Mr. BANKS. I object to that bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question for the purpose of
making a statement of about two minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has asked a
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill in relation
to extending the customs laws to Alaska Terri-
tory. If there is no objection the House will
reciprocate the request.
Mr. BANKS. 1 object to any business until
this question is settled. I make the point of
order that this should go to the Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It is made too late.
Mr. BANKS. As soon as the bill was read
I objected. I would have objected before if I
had known what it was.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is too late.
Mr. BANKS. I object on the ground that
it was not read, and no opportunity was had to
make the objection before. I never would have
consented to consider the bill if I had known
what it was. I insist upon a division of the
House on the question.
The SPEAKER. The title of the bill was
read when the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ross] objected. He then asked leave to offer
a resolution, which was adopted, and then he
stated that he would withdraw his objection on
condition that nothing else should be added to
the bill. The Chair asked if there was further
objection. There was none, and then the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
asked to have the bill reported in full.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say that it is the
constant practice of the Chair, and it is a just
practice, to have a bill read, reserving the right
of objecting until it shall have been read. I
heard the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] but I did not know what
the bill was.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been three
times attempted to be reported, and the Chair
supposed that every member was familiar with
its provisions.
Mr. SCHENCK. And it has already been
reported in full.
Mr. BANKS. I do not know anything
about it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know how precious our
time is. I wish simply to explain that the
Committee of Ways and Means were very re-
luctant, after the failure to get through any-
thing like a more general provision of tariff,
embracing other matters, to bring forwurd a
specific bill ; butlookingover the whole ground
again and again they came to the conclusion
that if there was any one thing which stands
out among all others with a claim to have
some legislation which shall relieve those en-
gaged in the interest from the great difficulties
and suffering under which they now labor it
is this copper interest. The copper interest,
every one knows, is very large, especially in
the Lake Superior region. It was once so
promising and flourishing that they almost
scorned to ask protection for it in any way as
the other productions of the country were pro-
tected. But since then there has been protec-
tion extended to the copper interest, mostly
from five to seven per cent, ad valorem, and
it is only that now, while lead, iron, and other
corresponding interests have forty, fifty, and
sixty per cent, protection, copper has up to
this hour only had from five to seven per cent.,
the highest of any protective duty attached to
any form of copper being seven per cent. The
bill now proposed will give protection to the
amount of thirty per cent.
Mr. BANKS. 1 state as a question of order
that I have had no right to object to the bill on
the ground that it must be considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole for the reason that I
never heard it read, and knew not what it, was.
I submit to the Chair that I have not lost my
right to object on the question of order that
this bill must be first considered in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on two grounds; first, on the
ground which he has already stated, and
second, on the ground that a point of order
cannot be renewed by the suggestion of addi-
tional reasons. That rule is to" be found in the
Digest.
Mr. BANKS. My objection is that I have
had no power, no opportunity, no information
on which I could raise the question of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman mistakes
his own want of observation for want of oppor-
tunity.
Mr BANKS. No, sir; not at all. I was
attending every moment to the business before
the House.
The SI EAKEiu. The Chair has for the
second time overruled the point of order.
foreign and coasting trade.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, by unanimous consent the Committee on
Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (S. No. 2Ul5l to regn-
late the foreign and coasting trade on t he
northern, northeastern, and north western f, ont-
iers of the Lnited States; and for other jmr-
