1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Driggs, Eliot, Getz, Glossbrenner, Gollada.y, Grover,
Haigiit, Hotchkiss, Chestor D. Hubbard. Huin-
pluey, Jenckes, Johnson, Kelley, George V. Law-
rence, Mallory. Marshall, MeClarg, Mercur,Mungen,
Myers, Niblaelt, O'Neill, Pike, Pile, Pruyn, Randall,
Ross, Sclienck, Sitgrcaves, starkweather, Stewart,
Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood ward—19.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Banks,
Benjamin, Butler, Dixon, Donnelly, lSla, Eldridge,
Finney, Fox, Garfield, Harding, Asahel AY. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jonos,
Kerr, Keleham, Kitchen, Knott, Lincoln, Lynch,
Maynard, McCullougli, Morgan, Morrissey, Nichol-
son, Peters, Phelps, Polsley, Pomeroy, Robertson,
Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith, Aaron F.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stovens, Stokes, Stone, Taffe,
John Trimble, Van Aernam, BurtVan Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Henry D. Wastuiurn, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James 1?. Wilson, and Win -
dom—52,
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative,
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now call
tlie previous question upon the bill and the
amendments reported from the Committee of
the Whole.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] is entitled to the floor
to close the debate, having reported this bill
from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I regret
that a sufficient number of gentlemen on this
side of the House should have joined gentle-
men on the other side of tlie House to prevent
the carrying out of this great reform.
Mr. RAN DALL. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burke] has no right to reflect upon the action
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair docs not think
the remarks of the gentleman unparliamentary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] regards as unparliamentary the coup-
ling of members on this side with members on
the other side. 'These provisions, which mem-
bers on this side of the House have refused to
have introduced, were to carry out  
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. I desire to interrupt
my colleague, [Mr. Washucrxe, of Illinois,]
by saying that when he refers to "the other
side of the House" I would inform him that
there is a colony on that side of the House who
do not vote with the "other side."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
refer to my colleague, [Mr. Parnswortii,] of
course. These sections, which the House has
refused to have incorporated in this hill, upon
a question of order raised by the chairman of
the Committee oil Naval Affairs, [Mr. Pike,]
were to carry out the provisions of the bill in
which the Committee on Appropriations struck
down the estimates of the Secretary of the Navy
from $47,000,000 to §1S,000,000. This side of
the House must be responsible for refusing to
put in these sections here, so as to govern the
appropriations the bill has made.
Mr. WOOD. They have a graver respon-
sibility than that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We are
willing to meet every responsibility.
Mr. WOOD. You will do it, to your sorrow,
in November next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Gentle-
men on this side of the House have refused to
cut down these expenditures.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a few words ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, I will
not.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman agreed to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Iagreed to
give the gentleman a portion of my time if he
would not make a point of order on these sec-
tions, but let them come in.
Mr. PIKE. And I withdrew my point of
order, or rather I did not make any to-day. I
ask for ten minutes to refute this charge.
Mi-, WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i do not
yield.
Mr. MLNGEN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
ms point of order.
Mr. MUNGEN. _ My point is that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] has
no right to offer a bribe to a member of Con-
gress by agreeing to do so and so if the mem-
ber will do so and so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the statement made by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] involves the offering
of a bribe, in the meaning of the law.
Mr. PIKE. I have done exactly as I agreed
■v^Itli the gentleman from Illinois. I now ask
him to do as he agreed with me to do.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] had not raised
the point of order in Committee of the Whole
and in tlie House to-day these sections would
have been received.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say, in justifica-
tion of my colleague, [Mr. Pike,] that he pro-
posed to withdraw his point of order, or not
to press it, if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
W7ashburne] would give him a portion of his
time. He did refrain from pressing his point
of order, and now he should have the time he
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
understand the gentleman as withdrawing his
point of order, -because if he had done so these
sections could have come in.
Mr. PIKE. I submit to the Chair that I
made no point of order to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise the point of or-
der whether it is in order for three gentlemen
to occupy the floor at the same time?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibuuxe] is alone en-
titled to occupy the floor. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] insists that three
gentlemen shall not occupy the floor at the
same time.
Mr. PIKE. I understand that the gentle-
man from Illinois yields to me.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to take
advantage of this occasion to make a state-
ment with regard to a ruling made by him
during the debate of yesterday, that some re-
marks of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall], where he spoke of certain parties
being "whipped in," were unparliamentary.
Upon reflection, the Chair is satisfied that those
remarks, made in a general way as they were,
are not offensively unparliamentary; and as
he is always desirous to correct errors into
which he may have fallen, he wishes to with-
draw the decision. The phrase "whipped in"
is a parliamentary phrase, derived from the
country from which we draw all the funda-
mental principles of our parliamentary law ;
that in the British Parliament there are even
certain persons recognized as "whippers-in,"
and that it is not recognized there as ungen-
tlemanly and dishonorable to be approached
by those persons to be "whipped in," or even
to be a "whipper-in." No gentleman has
suggested this matter to the Chair ; but upon
reflection he has become satisfied that his
decision was too restrictive.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire who are
the recognized "whippers-in" here?
The SPEAKER. The foundation of all our
parliamentary law is derived from England.
In the British Parliament, to speak of mem-
bers being "whipped m" would not be objected
to as unparliamentary; and therefore such lan-
guage when not used personally, but in a gen-
eral way, cannot be regarded as so offensive as
to require it to be ruled out here.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not desire to take
any appeal from the decision of the Chair. I
simply rose to inquire who are the recognized
"whippers-in" here?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fr om Ohio
is scarcely just to the Chair. The Chair has
made no such decision as that to which the
gentleman, perhaps sarcastically, refers. The
Chair has stated that, on reflection, he thinks
he was too stringent yesterday in ruling as out
of order the general remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois about a certain portion of the
members having been "whipped in." The
Chair, at the instant the point was made,
thought the language might be regarded by
gentlemen as offensive. The phrase, however,
being derived from the British Parliament,
whence we derive our parliamentary law, and
to which we refer for the decision of all dis-
puted questions, as the parliamentary practice
there extends back seven hundred years, while
in this country it goes back for less than one
hundred. The Chair, on reflection, is satisfied
that as it would not be offensive there to speak
of members having been "whipped in," it can-
not be considered offensive in a parliamentary
point of view to use similar language here.
The language may be such as gentlemen would
not like to have applied to them; but when
used broadly, and not individually, the Chair
cannot regard it as offensively unparliamentary.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Chair will permit me
to explain, as I did not intend any disrespect.
The SPEAKER. With a great deal of
pleasure.
Mr. SCHENCK. My remark was not in-
tended as sarcastic. I simply desired to know
whether, as we have inherited the phrase, we
are also to be presumed to have inherited the
thing—the "whipper-in?"
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot argue
the question with the gentleman from Ohio.
But he will again repeat that on reflection he
has become satisfied that the remarks of the
gentleman from Illinois, although ruled out of
order at the time, was not intended to be un-
parliamentary. It was a remark which might
have been omitted, but it was not personally
and necessarily offensive in its character. This
is all the Chair wished to say. He is always
desirous to correct his rulings when they have
been too strict.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I opposed the
introduction of the third, fourth, and fifth sec-
tions into this bill, for two reasons : first, that
it is entirely improper in an appropriation bill
to attempt to regulate the internal concerns of
the Navy; and secondly that the amendments
themselves are highly improper. Section five
provides for a force of twenty-five hundred
marines. Now, I would ask the House why,
when the bill provides for eighty-five hundred
as the full force of the Navy, should we have
twenty-five hundred marines ? The whole force
of-marines when we had from fifty to sixty
thousand of a full force was only thirty-six
hundred. This bill provides for thirty vessels,
and thirty vessels only, and still with that
great reduction of the Navy it provides for
twenty-five hundred marines 1 Why not go back
to the force of marines before the war, thirteen
hundred. The proposition goes further. It
goes into the ship and strikes at the mates and
at the firemen, while it leaves the whole force
of the engineers untouched. There are five
hundred engineers in the Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman's pardon. I propose to cut down
the engineers.
Mr. PIKE. Here are the printed amend-
ments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
other amendments I was going to offer.
Mr. PIKE. There are five hundred engi-
neers in the Navy and only thirty ships allowed.
Will the gentleman tell me why he would have
eighteen engineers to each ship ? That is his
proportion. He strikes at the mates without
giving any reason for it. He also strikes at the
firemen without giving any reason for it.
It is fit and proper, as the House has deter-
mined to have but thirty vessels afloat during
a time of peace, there should be a correspond-
ing number of officers. But this bill is im-
Pi!'°PJ®^an unjust in ks discrimination between
the_ different officers of the line and staff. It is
entirely too improper to be discussed in a five
minutes debate, and when, contrary to the
rules of the House, it is tacked on to one of
the general appropriation bills.
Let us reduce the force of these officers,
and let us reduce it according to the number
of vessels authorized ; but, sir, let us do it
properly, so as to be just to all the officers. It
is tor that reason and not in the interest of tha
