2446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
to-morrow until he sees the returns of the dis-
trict commanders relative to these elections
which the House has directed to be printed,
sent by the Secretary of War. They will be
in this evening or to-morrow morning. Per-
haps there may be something there that the
House will like .to see.'
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It will
depend altogether npon the condition of things
just before we adjourn. I think I can accom-
modate the gentleman by holding the floor and
calling the previous question to-morrow morn-
ing if he desires longer time. And now if any
gentleman wishes to occupy the floor T will
yield to him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman suggests
that this afternoon be devoted to debate on
the bill, as the Chair understands, by gentle-
men representing the minority, the gentleman
himself to be entitled to the floor at the close
of the session, so that he can move the previous
question to-morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Or to-
night.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman pro-
poses to close the debate this afternoon.
Mr. BROOKS. This is not done by unani-
mous consent?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentle-
man only asks to be entitled to the floor at the
close of the session to-day, and, under the
usage of the House, the Chair will recognize
him.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
only say now that I do not desire to debate
this bill, and if any gentleman of the minority
desires it T will yield to him.
Mr. BECK obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment to offer an amendment?
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS. At the proper time I shall
move to add to the substitute the following
section:
., Sue. i. And be it further enacted. That on and after
the passage of this not all citizens of the United States
jn the fetates hereinbefore named shall be admitted to
equal rights of suffrago.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker,-I do not expect
to be able to make a speech upon the merits
of these constitutions ; but as a member of
the minority of the Committee 011 Reconstruc-
tion I propose, at the request of the senior
member of it, [Mr. Brooks,] to state the ob-
jections which we have to them. There are
five of them in all. By the provisions of this
bill all have to be considered together, and
they are so varied in their provisions that it is
almost impossible to consider them properly
in one bill or in a single argument. By the
provisions of the constitution of Louisiana,
for example, very many men have been ex-
cluded from the right of suffrage by the consti-
tution framed by the convention who. by the
reconstruction acts of Congress, are authorized
to register and vote, and at the election held
in the State of Louisiana on the ratification of
the constitution all those men were excluded
from the right of suffrage under the constitu-
tion framed by the convention in spite of the
provisions of the reconstruction laws. In North
Carolina and Georgia, on the other hand, by
the action of the conventions of those States
the right of suffrage is extended beyond what
is permitted under the reconstruction acts: and
yet, although the conventions of those States
gave them permission to vote for officers under
the constitution, they were not allowed to do
so. So that every one of the officers elected
from those States were elected because thou-
sands of men were excluded from voting who
under the constitutions framed by the conven-
tions of those States were legal voters. Hence
the difficulty of considering them altogether;
but I will endeavor to do so is rapidly as I can.
I understand, of course, sir, from what oc-
curred in regard to the Arkansas constitution
the other day, that itis useless for me to attempt
to stay the action of the House on this bill by
any objections I may make. I thought it was
demonstrated to this House in regard to Ark:
ansas that its constitution had been rejected
by the people of that State beyond all perad-
ventnrc, and that even the partial investigation
which had been made, and the papers which
were in the possession of the House, showed
the frauds so conclusively that no man on the
other side could doubt for a moment that the
majority of the people of that State had, in
fact, voted against the ratification of the con-
stitution ; yet the bill was passed in hot haste,
and I presume this omnibus bill will be passed
in like manner from political necessity or some
other cause.
There is another difficulty at this time about
this matter. No gentleman upon either side
of the House fully understands the merits of the
bill. On yesterday the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. CobumJ had a resolution passed calling
upon the General of the Army for the returns
of the elections in these States. The General
of the Army makes a return to-day in some
ten or twelve lines, as follows :
Headquarters Army of the United States,
Washington, D. c„ May 12,1868.
Sljf: In compliance with resolution of the House
of Representatives of May 11, 1808, I have the honor
,t<^subimt the following statement of the number of
Mteseast for and against the constitution? of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Louisiana, a.nd
Alabama, as reported by tho several district com-
manders;
North Carolina.
Votes for constitution  92,590
Votes against constitution  71,820
South Carolina.
Votes for constitution  70,758
Votes against constitution  27,288
Georgia.
Votes for constitution  89,007
Votes against constitution  71,309
Louisiana.
Votes for constitution  66,152
Voted against constitution    48,739
Alabama.
Votes for constitution  69,807
Votes against constitution  1,005
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
U. S. GRANT, General.
Hon. Schctlee Colfax.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
There are no reports from the district com-
manders or the commissioners who conducted
the election sent to us by the General. Nothing
to show whether the registration was altered—
they had power to extend or curtail it under
the reconstruction laws—and nothing to show
how the elections were conducted, whether
fairly or fraudulently.
Seeing that this report did not contain the
infomiatiorrneeded, this morning, by the unan-
imous consent of tho House, I offered a reso-
lution, which was adopted, calling npon the
Secretary of War and the General of the Army
to furnish to this House the reports of the dis-
trict commanders in these States, and all the
accompanying papers relative to the elections
and registration, and the changes made therein.
When these papers are received the House will
better understand what has been done in each
of these States. I hope they will be here to-
morrow; and it was for that reason that I re-
quested the gentleman from Pennsylvania not
to call the previous question until to-morrow
morning, so that members of the House may
be able to see and examine those reports and
act intelligently upon them; because 1 assume
that it is the interest of all of us to know ex-
actly the facts upon which we are basing our
action. Those facts are not before the House,
which, had they been, it would have devolved
upon me, as a member of the minority of the
committee, to have presented to the House.
Not being here, and being unable now to ob-
tain them, I cannot present them to the House
as I ought and am, perhaps, expected to do.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] in the motion he made a few mo-
ments ago, to amend the constitution of the
State of Georgia, has boldly avowed the true
position of the majority in regard to the con-
stitutions of the southern States. I say in all
candor that his proposition to amend the con-
stitution of the State of Georgia, because it
doe? not suit this House,- is presenting the
issue fairly and clearly. This House made
that constitution ; it ordered how it should be
made, selected or rather appointed the men to
frame it, and all the others excluded from or
admitted to the polls whom they pleased, and
under the pretense of an election not only told
the people of these States what their constitu-
tions should be and remain, but that none but
adherents of the dominant party should have
any part or lot in the administration of the gov-
ernments under them, no matter how odious
they might be to the people there.
These constitutions do not represent the
action of the people of any of those States,
but they represent, in fact, the will and the
orders of Congress. This House has just as
much power—[ do not say right, but power—
to alter, amend, and make those State con-
stitutions what they please, to say what they
shall and what they shall not contain, who are
elected and who are not elected, who shall and
who shall not be admitted to seats on this floor
and on the floor of the Senate, and who shall
and who shall not occupy the State offices, as
they have to do what they have done, and it
would be more manly to avow it boldly at
once.
The papers now presented here as State con-
stitutions are in fact but the action of Con-
gress, and the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steven's,] or
any other amendment,, is just as legitimate,
valid, and binding on the people of the South
as the papers now presented are, and it would
be no more the action of this House if adopted
than are these papers now before us as consti-
tutions of these southern States are. By the
adoption of such amendments now, the people
of the country would understand clearly what
isthe undoubted fact, that Congress has framed
constitutions and appointed officers to govern
these States, and men to represent them here
without their consent and against their will. The
sooner they understand and appreciate these
facts the better, as the remedy wiil be the sooner
applied.
It will be observed that this bill sets forth
in its preamble that the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and
Alabama have framed and adopted these con-
stitutions by "large majorities of the votes
cast at the elections held for the ratification or
rejection of the same.'' Now. so far as Ala-
bama is concerned—and I will speak of that
first—all the facts are known to this House.
We all know that the constitution of Alabama
was defeated, and defeated in the mode per-
mitted by the laws passed by this Congress,
andthisITouse has sodecided; yet we are called
upon to impose that constitution upon the peo-
ple of Alabama, a constitution which ther them-
selves have rejected, which we have said they
have rejected. The people of Alabama having
discarded that constitution, it is now brought
forward in an omnibus bill, along with con-
stitutions of other States, and we are asked to
declare that they have adopted that constitu-
tion. But lor my brief experience here, I
would say that such a proposition was too
monstrous to be entertained for a moment
And what is the object of this ? Simply to
put certain persons in power over the people
of Alabama upon the floor of this House and
upon the floor of the Senate, who will sustain
the policy and execute the will of the majority
here; to put over that State a Governor and
Other officers, and to place it under the con-
trol of a Legislature composed of men whom
we know, as we have admitted by our votes,
have been rejected by the people under the
\ ery provisions of laws which we laid down for
them to vote under.
Mr. BINGHAM. V\ ill the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman, m order that it may be well under-
stood % the House, whether he does not know
'ile amendment presented by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] to
restrict the operation of tho constitution of
