1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2MT
Georgia touching debts, has not received the
approval of any member of the Committee on
Reconstruction?
Mr. BECK. The gentlemawfrom Pennsyl-
vania asserted that fact himself; he stated that
it was his individual proposition. But I say
this: that if it does not meet the approval of
this House it will be the first time that any
proposition has been seriously presented and
maintained and pressed by the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the mem-
bers of his party have not come up to its sup-
port, whether they liked it at first or not. And
X fear that the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] himself, before we get through,
notwithstanding his present objection, will yet
have to yield to the dictates of his great leader.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must correct the gentle-
man. The statement he now makes is cer-
tainly contradicted by the record in innumer-
able casfts. The gentleman ought not to make
such statements here, for they do injustice.
Mr. BECK. I merely assert on the floor of
this House and before the country that the
positions taken by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] are followed by his
party in almost every instance, whether at first
they liked them or not. That gentleman was
the first on the floor of this House to claim
that these States were outlying territories,
conquered provinces, and subject to the dicta-
tion of this Congress; that we here were their
masters and had a right lo dictate terms to
them. At first the majority of the party op-
posed the gentleman; but now they have
marched up to him, and I presume they are
now ready to impose constitutions upon the
people of these States, when it is admitted by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania himself in
his speech when the Alabama bill was up be-
fore, and by the action of this House in adopt-
ing the substitute proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Si'aldino,] that the constitu-
tion nought to be imposed on Alabama had
not been adopted by the people of that State.
I hope the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio will now take ground more conservative.
He has good reason for doing so ; fer on the
floor of the House his colleague [Mr. Van
Trump] on Monday last presented—perhaps
the gentleman has not seen it—a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Ohio protesting
against the reconstruction acts of Congress and
against the passage of certain bills now pend-
ing therein, and instructing their Senators and
Representatives in Congress to vote for the re-
peal of the former and against the passage of
the latter ; which was referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
1 hope that these conservative resolutions,
which I have been unable to get,-(.for they are
still in the hands of the printer,) may induce
gentlemen to obey the mandate of the great
State of Ohio, which he has the honor in part
to represent.
But I was remarking that the State of Ala-
bama has rejected this constitution now sought
to be imposed on her, and has said that she
did not want the services of the men sought
to be placed over her. General(Meade, in his
report, which is before this House, which was
brought in on the very day on which we took
the vote upon the first Alabama bill, but
brought in after the vote had been cast, says:
The constitution failing of ratification, the meas-
ures to be adopted become questions of importance.
I have deemed it my duty to turn over to the presi-
dent of the convention the returns of the election for
members of Congress, State and county officers, bat
I have not authorized the issue of certificates of elec-
tion till the questions connected with the constitu-
tion are definitely settled-.
I have received and transmit herewith a letter
(marked XI) from several prominent members of the
Republican organization in Alabama urgingarecom-
mendation on my part of the immediate admission
of the State by Congress, and maintaining that the
recent election, when properly explained, will show
a majority of the registered voters as being in favor
of this measure.
I regret extremely that it is not in my power to
coincide with these gentlemen, and cannot eonour
with them in their views. Acknowledging the im-
portance of the State being at the earliest moment
restored to her proper relations itt the Uniori, I cannot
but look on the result of the recent election as an
expression of opinion that the registered voters do
not desire to be restored under the constitution sub-
mitted to them, and in view of the recent act of Con-
gress giving ratification to a majority of the votes
cast, I would prefer seeing the convention reassem-
bled for a, revision of the constitution, and the revised
constitution submitted to the people under the new
law. In support of this recommendation I would
refer to the letter of Governor Patton, (marked VII,)
and the letters of J. T. Cantwell, one of the regis-
trars, (marked XII,) of Dr. Moore, (marked XIII,)
and of H. Reed, candidate for Governor in Alabama,
(marked XIV.)
I am of the opinion that a revised constitution,
more liberal in its terms and confined to the require-
ments of the reconstruction laws, would in Alabama,
as I have reason to expect it will in Georgia and
Florida, meet with the approval of the majority of
the registered voters; and I beg leave to call your
attention to the difficulty of carrying on a govern-
ment in a State where so small aproportion of those
qualified to take part in the government are in favor
of the organic law, and to insure a larger proportion
of what must be the governing class a more accept-
able constitution should be presented to them for
adoption.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO., G. MEADE, Major General.
General U. S. Gbant, Commanding United States
Army, Washington, V. O.
And on the floor of this House, when we
were discussing the bill for the admission of
Alabama, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] at the close of the debate, rose
and said:
" After a full examination of the final returns from
Alabama, which we had not got when this bill was
drawn, I am satisfied, for one,that to force a vote on
this bill and admit the State against our own law,
where there is a majority of twenty odd thousand
against the constitution, would not be doing such
justice in legislation as will be oxpected by the peo-
ple. With that view of the case. I shall vote for the
motion to recommit, and on that motion I demand
the previous question."
And when the bill came up for action the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] was adopted. By it the
people of Alabama were put under a provis-
ional government, and the constitution was
ordered to be resubmitted to the votes of the
people, thereby admitting that it had been re-
jected. Yet this bill now before us assumes
that the people want that constitution ; that
they have already adopted it. We are now
to impose upon the people that constitution
which we have admitted they have rejected.
And the only fact that we have before us, in
addition to those before us when we acted on
this subject a few weeks ago, is the report of
General Grant, which has been laid on our
tables this morning, showing a thousand less
votes in favor of the constitution than there
appeared to be the other day, when we decided
that the constitution had been rejected. It
was then said that seventy thousand eight hun-
dred votes had been cast in favor of the con-
stitution ; and it now appears by the report of
General Grant that there were sixty-nine thou-
sand eight hundred and seven votes in favor
of it.
Thatis thepositionin which Alabama stands.
She is certainly under a government severe
enough to satisfy the malice of her bitterest
enemies. Only the other day seven highly
respectable young men, for a mere assault and
battery on a fellow by the name of Hill, were
sent to the Dry Tortugas, four of them for two
years and three for one year. The offense with
which they were charged was a simple assault
upon a man who, as the public journals assert,
was known and proven to be a thief, who had
not only been stealing himself, but inciting
negroes to steal. He was not seriously injured.
The offense was a mere assault and battery such
as occurs upon the streets of your cities almost
every day. Yet these men in Alabama forsueh
an offense are sent to the Dry Tortugas, where
they are under no law except the will of their
keepers, where they are treated cruelly or
humanely just as the commanders there see fit,
compelled to labor with shaved heads and balls
and chains on their legs under the heat of a
tropical sun, and all this by the order of a mil-
itary tribunal, in time of profound peace, with-
out the intervention of a jury or any of the forms
of law known to the Constitution.
It is no doubt part of the programme that
the people of that State shall be treated in
such manner as to make them do something
which will give an excuse to crush them down
still more, and to put them more thoroughly
*under the iron heel of military despotism.
But they have thus far peaceably submitted to
it all. They are enduring all the oppressions
heaped upon them, and they are looking for
relief to the free white men of the northern and ,
western States, when the great appeal shall be
made to them this fall, and when the members !
of this House will be called upon to give an '
account of their stewardship. They are look-
ing to the sovereign people for relief, and they
will get it.
So much for Alabama. I do not believe
there is a man in this House who can now
conscientiously vote for that provision of the
bill. Let me look hurriedly at the provisions
respecting the other States. There is one gen-
eral fact which illustrates the character of the
whole. The men who composed the conventions
in those States were men who had no substan-
tial interest in the community, mere adventurers
and negroes, a majority of whom could neither
read nor write. They knew no more about the
fundamental laws they were called upon to
frame than so many horses or mules; a few
managers and political tricksters, who monop-
olized the lucrative offices, controlled the whole.
The fact appears in all the publications of the
day, and is true beyond all peradventure, that
hundreds and thousands of negroes who came
to the polls to vote for the constitutions and the
officers under them came from the plantations
with halters in their hands, that they might
lead home the mules they expected to receive;
for forty acres of land and a mule were prom-
ised to every ignorant negro who would vote
for the constitutions. They knew no more
what they were doing than the mules they ex-
pected to lead home from the ballot-box. The
men who made these constitutions had no
interest in the welfare of those States, and they
have in most instances imposed upon the peo-
ple such regulations and such restrictions on
their rights and liberties as no member of this
House would submit to, or would allow to be
imposed upon the humblest of his own con-
stituents.
Take the case of South Carolina, for example,
and I can only state a few prominent points.
Of the men composing that constitutional con-
vention seventy were negroes and about fifty
white men. Of the men composing the present
Legislature of that State seventy-one are col-
ored and fifty-four white. One item of taxation
alone in that State—the taxation for the sup-
port of free schools—amounts to $1,000,000.
It is provided that the white race shall never
have any public school exclusively for them-
selves ; that the white and the black children,
male and female, shall be playmates and school-
mates together; that if the white citizens do
not send their boys and their girls to the schools
attended by the negroes they shall suffer such
penalties as a negro Legislature may see fit to
impose. Who are the men thus imposing these
conditions upon the people of that State? As
I have already said, they have no interest in
the affairs of the State, no interest in its prop-
erty, no interest in its taxation, and compose no
partof its intelligence, wealth, or respectability.
While they are spending millions of the prop-
erty of other people, they do not themselves
bear one dollar of the burden. I hold in my
hand and propose to read an abstract, to which,
I trust, members will give their attentiou, and
then let them say whether these are men fit to
make constitutions for or impose laws upon a
people.
The following statement exhibits an analysis
of the taxes paid by the members of the con-
vention and of the Legislature recently elected
in South Carolina, according to the tax returns
in the comptroller's office :
The total amount paid by members of the Legisla-
ture $700 63
Of this amount six membets pay   391 62
Leaving abalancepaidby all other members. 6309 01
Executions were issued for §140 76 of this balances
whether or not paid is not ascertained.
