1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3471
has paid to two newspapers something like
$40,000 apiece, $80,000 in all.
Mr. SHERMAN. What papers ?
Mr. CAMERON. The Chronicle and the
Evening Star of this city have been paid, or
will be paid, for the printing of last year, tinder
the section which we passed last year, that
amount. The greater part of that advertising
was for the purchase and sale of articles so far
beyond the circulation of these papers that
none of them could ever reach the people who
were interested. Forinstauce, there were fifteen
hundred or two thousand dollars paid for an
advertisement as to the publication of mail
contracts in the Territory of Arizona. There
was a large sum of money paid for an adver-
tisement asking proposals for a fort somewhere
down in New Mexico. 1 think there were half
a dozen mules, or something like that, to be
boughtin Idaho, and they were advertised here;
and in some cases these advertisements were
published here a day or two before the sale or
purchase was to be made at these remote places.
This is an abuse which would shock the com-
munity if they knew it; but nobody seems to
know anything about it. We hardly know it
ourselves. We passed a law last year which
we thought was going to prevent the heads of
Departments from doing wrong, and we gave
the power of selecting the printers to the Clerk
of the House of Representatives—a man who
had plenty to dobesides attending to thisduty,
which he did not understand very well, 1 think,
from the manner in which, it has been done.
I do not know exactly how we shall get along
with this proposition, for these people are very
artful, as they have proved by their conduct
last year. I should like to have this tenth
section of the law of last year repealed alto-
gether. I ask my friend, the Senator from
Vermont, to frame a provision repealing that
section in such words that no comptroller who
is a lawyer or anybody else can get over it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should want t\me to do
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it be competent
to amend the amendment afterward?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will bo
when we get into the Senate.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. 1 think nothing will be
accomplished by the amendment of the Senator
from Maine, which has been adopted, to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, and for
this reason: as I understand it, the law of 18t>7,
referred to by the Senator from Vermont, as
construed by the newspapers and according to
the terms of the law itself, requires every adver-
tisement to be published here in the District
of Columbia. The abuse which we wish to
correct is this: a newspaper published in the
District of Columbia seeing an advertisement
in a Santa F6 paper by a quartermaster for
lumber to build barracks, copies it into his
paper in the District, and then brings his bill
to the Treasury Department for payment; and
a controversy has arisen there, the Treasury
refusing to pay, and the newspaper proprietor
insisting that lie is entitled to pay. That is the
evil. Now, you propose to remove this evil
of publication in the city of Washington of an
advertisement in reference to a local matter in
Arizona or New Mexico or California or else-
where. All agree that ought to be corrected.
The Senator from Maine proposes to collect
it by declaring that nothing shall be published
in the District of Columbia except what is
required by law to be published here. That is
reasoning in a circle. You come right around
to the same place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator read the act of 1807 to which he refers?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the tenth section
of the civil appropriation bill, as follows:
"That all advertisemen ts, notices. and proposals
for contracts tor all the Executive Departments ot
the Government, and the laws passed by Congress,
and executive proclamations, and treaties shall here-
after be advertised by publication m the two daily
papers published in the District ot Columbia now
selected under the actof the first session of tlieitiirty-
Ninth Congress."
That requires in so many words all these
publications to be made in the two newspapers
published in the District of Columbia which
have been selected by the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, as the newspaper men
insist, and well they may insist on it under the
terms of the act, although evidently that was
not the meaning of Congress. It is proposed
to correct that. I submit you correct nothing
when you simply say that nothing shall be
published here except what by law is required
to be published here. That is the very thing
in dispute; and I submit that some other
amendment is necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had an amendment to
guard against that very difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know that amend-
ment would have guarded it; but that has been
stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that this section
be passed over informally for the time being,
and that we go on with other parts of the bill,
and in the mean time we can fix this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) That course will be pursued, if
there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have another amend-
ment that I desire to offer from the Committee
on Finance. It is to insert as an additional
section the following :
Sec.—. And be it further enncted. That from and
after tho 30th day of June. 18S8, the annual salaries
ofthe Comptrollers ot the Treasury and tho Commis-
sioner of Customs shall be $1,500 each ; of the Solicitor,
tho Auditors, tho Register, and the supervising
architect of tho Treasury, 84,000 each ; and the ad-
ditional amount necessary to pay the increase of'sal-
aiies provided for by this section be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated.
Mr. President, here is a proposition to
increase to some extent the salaries of nine
officers. From the temper of the Senate yes-
terday I suppose it will be very difficult, to get
them to agree to it; but the circumstances are
peculiar; and nothing but peculiar circum-
stances would have induced us to report the
section. This increases their salaries but
slightly.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the increase?
Mr. SHERMAN. About one thousand dol-
lars each. They have been allowed out ofthe
fund which we have had so much talk about,
by the Secretary of the Treasury, for two or
three years, about one thousand dollars extra.
I desire to say that the salary of the First
Comptroller, the most important officer in the
Treasury Depaitmeut, was fixed in 1799 at
$3,500, when a clerk got but $800, and it stands
there yet. So with the First Auditor; he got
$3,000 then, and he stands there yet. These
Auditors and Comptrollers are the most re-
sponsible officers ofthe Treasury Department.
Upon their integrity and fidelity depend the
entire safety of the Treasury Department. They
pass in a month more accounts than the Court
of Claims will in three years, and decidocauses
as important to the Government as the Supreme
Court decide in a whole year; and yet their
pay stands as it was in 1790. The present
First Comptroller, who is a man distinguished
for ability, says he cannot live on the salary.
The Second Comptroller, Mr. Brodliead, is a
gentleman of great distinction ; and lie is also
paid $5,000 or $3,500. These other officers,
the heads of bureaus, the Auditors are paid
now $3,000; and they include among them, as
we ail know, men of great ability and high
character.
The Committee on Finance were not pre-
pared to take up the bill referred to yesteiday,
for the reorganization of the Treasury Depart-
ment, although we expect to do so early
at the next session. We thought it would
be very difficult to get action on such a bill at
this session ; but the Committee on Finance
unanimously recommended that this relief
should be given to these officers, as we have
cut off all opportunity, which the Secretary of
the Treasury has had under previous laws, to
make an additional allowance to them. That
power is now cut off, and they are left to their
salaries. t
I'trust, under the circumstances, the Senate
will unanimously agree to this slight increase.
It will not operate very long, because prob-
ably at the next session of Congress we shall
be able to act on the bill reorganizing the
! Treasury Department; butforthis comingyear
it. will raise the Comptrollers from $3,500 to
$4,500, and I think that is too little ; I would
rather say $5,000 ; and it raises the Auditors
from $3,000 up to $4,000. The Senate can do
as they please on the subject.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall not agree
to this amendment. I am satisfied that this is
not. the time to raise salaries. Not one of
these gentlemen would give up his office be-
cause his salary was not increased, and I
verily believe that if all of them did give up
their offices we could get just as good men to
put in their places for the present salaries.
Why, sir, we have taken off $100,000,000 from
our tax laws, and we are now going on almost
daily increasing some item of expenditure or
other. I doubt whether the Committee or
Finance themselves can tell how much increase
is provided in this bill by the additional num-
ber of clerics allowed, so far as we have gone.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill is a great dim-
inution upon the appropriations of last year.
However, the Committee on Appropriations
have it in charge.
Mr. CAMERON. That maybe, and it ought
to be a diminution. Some three or four or five
hundred clerks ought to be dismissed in place
of increasing the number. When we had an
army of a million men in the field, with vast
accounts growing out of that immense army, it
was necessary, probably, that our clerical force
should lie very large; but now, in time of peace,
it is not necessary that we should have so many
of these people ; andcertainly atthis time when
taxation is oppressing everybody, and when the
town is swarming with men seeking to get places
we should not increase salaries. Why, sir,
there is not a day that I am not called upon
before I get my breakfast by somebody who
wants a place here at the present rates; and yet
we are asked to increase the pay of these offi-
cers. It is this constant increase of pay every
day that swells the number of office-hunters in
the country. I think the most unfortunate class
in the world are the people who are induced to
come to Washington to get a scanty living from
the Government; and I would give them no
more encouragement. A man had better work
at home at a couple of dollars a day in a work-
shop than come here and take one of these
places. The most of them are taught idleness ;
they are taught extravagance; and every one
of them will tell you he is not getting enough
pay. My impression is that they would be a
great deal better off at home. I for one will
not, vote for any increase of salaries. After
awhile, when weget our debt and taxes reduced,
it may be wise -to do so ; it may not be neces-
sary, but it may be proper then to increase some
salaries; but I cannot vote for any such prop-
osition now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe I
am troubled with about as great a stringency
of economy as anybody, but I am in favor of
the proposition to increase the salaries of these
men. I believe that any one of them would
command in the business of the country nearly
double the salary he gets from the Government.
1 am not in favor of that kind of economy that
would save the cheese parings and give away
the cheese. I know that the First Comptroller,
as the Senator from Ohio has suggested, has
charge of the most important business of the
Government. I believe he is worth to-day
more than half a million dollars to the Govern-
ment. He is as good a Republican as my friend
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. NYE. Who is he?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. R. W. Taylor.
We have not had aman since the days of Whit-
tlesey that is worth as much money to the
Government as this First Comptroller; and 1
would be willing to pay him as much as any
man under the Government. I think he is
worth the whole increase that is proposed to all
the rest, rather than that we should be com-
