40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Decern her 5,
and the Senator from Maryland remind us of the
result of the recent elections. I would suggest
to those honorable Senators and to other Sena-
tors on the other side of the Chamber that it
■would bo well to manifest a little modesty in
their exultation over the result of the elections
of this year. I have not forgotten, and I hope
that they have not forgotten, that during the past
six years quite a number of Senators have sat
in this Chamber who have often been reminded
by the votes of the people that they were
speaking and voting contrary to the expressed
opinions of the people of the United States
and of the States they represented. I remem-
ber, too, that in 1862, after Mr. Lincoln had
issued his proclamation of emancipation, and
when State after State had faltered in the sup-
port of his policy, the Senators came into this
Chamber and often reminded ns that the pol-
icy of emancipation had been condemned by
the voice of the people. Believing then that
the policy of freedom was just, wise, and
patriotic, having confidence in the ultimate
judgment of an intelligent and patriotic peo-
ple, we calmly bided our time, waited for the
sober second thought of the people; it came
quickly, and we moved forward to the accom-
plishment of our lofty purposes. We now
turn with abiding confidence to the sober
second thoughts of the people, and we await
the results of the great struggle next year
between the contending forces of impartial jus-
tice and unreasoning prejudice.
Generations of slavery poisoned the very
fountains of our being, filling us with unrea-
soning prejudices against a wronged and hated
race. These wicked prejudices against the
African race have been quickened and intens-
ified by tho great political struggle through
which the nation has passed and is passing.
Slavery has been undermined and overthrown,
and the civil and political rights of millions of
men have been secured by a series of legis-
lative and executive measures. A great po-
litical party has struggled with unreasoning
prejudice and passion against the series of
measures that have set our country free and
lifted the emancipated bondman up to the
rights and privileges of American citizenship.
The great party whose glory it is that it broke
the fetters of nearly five million bondmen,
lifted them from the degradation of chattel-
hood to the lofty level of manhood and citizen-
ship, and made the nation free, has not been
ana is not now wholly free from the cruel and
wicked prejudices engendered by the slavery
of the African race. From the day when the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] submit-
ted in the Senate the proposition to make free
slaves used by rebels for military purposes, a
measure which Mr. Breckinridge declared was
the beginning of the "loosing of all bonds,"
to the measure now pending there has been a
portion of the Republican party who have
doubted, hesitated, faltered, and sometimes
joined their political enemies in vain efforts to
defeat the great work of their political friends.
When we passed the bill abolishing slavery in
the national capital; when we swept away the
fugitive slave law; when we armed black men
to fight the battles of the country; when we
made their wives and children free; when we
adopted the great constitutional amendment
that made the Republic forever free, we had
Republicans in Congress and Republicans out
of Congress who doubted, hesitated, and shrank
•from the glorious work imposed upon them by
the needs of their country and the providence
of God.
When Mr. Lincoln issued the immortal proc-
lamation of emancipation there were at least
a quarter of a million of Republicans who
folded their arms, stood still, and saw the
heart of their great leader burdened by a
series of defeats. Those very men, after a
little hesitation, rallied again to the calls of
duty. On every one of the long series of
executive and legislative acts by which slavery
was abolished and the rights of the freedmen
secured there have been Republicans who
have lingered in the rear, but who have ap- I
planded the great victories after they had been
achieved. The defeat of manhood suffrage in
several of the States this autumn is another
evidence of the melancholy fact that all the
members of the great party that has achieved
so much for impartial liberty and equal rights
have not conquered their prejudices. Instead
of shrinking from duty now, of abandoning
our cherished convictions, we should accept
the greaT fact and appeal to the heart, reason,
and conscience of the people to rise above
unreasoning prejudices and do unto others as
they would that others should do unto them.
The lesson taught us by the recent elections is
one of unselfish devotion to principle, unwa-
vering firmness, and ceaseless activity.
During the past six years the nation has
moved forward with wonderful rapidity in the
career of progress. So rapidly have we moved
that we can hardly realize how much has been
achieved for freedom, elevation, and improve-
ment. All the time there has been a class of
men connected with the public press or accus-
tomed to address assemblies composed of the
most advanced and enlightened of our people,
who have continually declared that the people
have been in advance of the Congress of the
United States. It is not strange that gentle-
men accustomed to the applause of the culti-
vated and the refined, to the approving smiles
of ladies and gentlemen, above the low and
vulgar prejudices of color or race, should in
their zeal have reproached Congress for what
may have ofteil appeared to them timidity,
treachery, or cowardice. But the truth is,
and truthful history will so record it, that
from the opening of the great rebellion to this
day Congress has been ahead of the people.
On every question concerning the liberties
and the rights of the African race the Repub-
licans in Congress have been in advance of
the people. These late elections, like the
elections in 1802, demonstrate the fact that
the Republicans in Congress are in advance
of the Republicans out of Congress. These
elections show us that the country was not so
right for manhood suffrage as we had thought
it to be, that there were thousands of Repub-
licans who were more or less influenced by the
wicked prejudices against men of the Afri-
can race. Unreasoning prejudices must be
conquered and the people educated to the
high standard of doing equal and exact jus-
tice to all men. The people of the United
States have yet to learn much ere they are
swayed by that generous, pure, and Christian
democracy that lifts up the poor and lowly.
Our great purpose is to make the citizens of
the United States equal in rights and privi-
leges; to make the Declaration of Indepen-
dence the living faith, the practical policy of
the nation. When that great work is com-
pleted—and the great struggle will go on until
it is completed—intellect, character, and worth
will win their proper places and wield their
legitimate influences. Let all men in the
country, then, who love liberty and justice; all
who are for peace and prosperity; all who
wish to see the country rapidly advance in
prosperity, power, and glory, adhere more
firmly than ever to the only policy that can lift
the nation upward and carry it forward.
I assure the Senator from Indiana and the
Senator from Maryland that the recent defeats
of the Republican party afford abundant reason
why we should be firmer than ever in main-
taining the right. After four years of unin-
terrupted successes we have been checked in
our onward march. Like an over-confident
army moving carelessly forward, we have been
sharply checked, doubled up, and thrown back
a little. I am confident these little checks will
do us all a great deal of good. When we are
moving forward in the accomplishment of our
great work it is sometimes a question whether
we shall take one step or two steps forward. We
may differ about the rapidity of our movements,
but I am sure there can be no differences among
us when we are asked to retreat. I will not con-
gent to retract, qualify, or retreat a single inch,
but I will maintain our position with more firm-
ness than ever. Let Senators hear and under-
stand, let the country understand, that the
Republican party of the United States takes
no steps backward.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] will allow that to be
passed over informally until we take a vote on
this question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection if we
can come to a vote without further debate;
otherwise I think we may as well go on with
the regular order.
Mr. SUMNEHk If any Senator wishes to
debate the bill I shall not press it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
postponed by common consent; otherwise the
Chair will proceed under the rules.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand that
there is to be any further debate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In saying there will be
" no further debate" the Senator is mistaken.
If he means by that an elaborate discussion of
the question he is right as far as I am con-
cerned ; but I have got a little to say to the
feenate on the subject.
The P RES IDE NT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the Sen-
ate, on which the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] is entitled to the floor.
! . the public debt.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 66) pledging the faith of the
United States to the payment of the public
debt in coin or its equivalent.
; Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I endeav-
ored to show yesterday, when I had the honor
of addressing the Senate, that by the strict
letter of the loan laws, to which alone, if I
correctly understand their position, the favorers
of this new way of paying the national debt
appeal for a justification of their course, the
debt of the United States of the character which
we are now discussing is payable by force of
those statutes in the real money, the constitu-
tional coined money of the country; and I
endeavored to maintain that independent of
any historic testimony, independent of any light
to be drawn from the debates that attended the
passage of those acts, and independent of the
contemporaneous construction and action of
the officers of the Government in carrying out
those laws. Indeed, it is contended by one of
the distinguished leaders of this new move-
ment, a distinguished gentleman of Massachu-
setts, that on a question of this kind we are
not entitled to look beyond the letter of tho
law; that we are bound, in construing these
statutes, tS be blind to the march of events ;
that when an appeal is made, as in claiming
this payment an appeal only can be made, to
the honor and good faith of the nation, because
we are not the subject of coercive measures in
measuring what we are to do by the standard
of honor and good faith, we must be blind to
the circumstances under which we entered into
those engagements; and that we have no right
to ask ourselves what we ourselves understood
in the passage of these laws, and what we gave
every widow and trustee and mechanic and
farmer in the country who advanced their little
savings to us when we wanted them to under-
stand, was the construction of these laws, but
that we must stand by the very letter of the
statute itself.
Mr. President, I dissent entirely from any
such proposition. Even in courts of law,
where coercive measures are resorted to, and
where the judicial sense holding aloft the scales
of justice impartially is said by the legend to
be blind and to se« no other considerations
than the law itself—even in such cases every
gentleman who is a member of the bar knows,
