3472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
pelled to get along without him ; and I say to
my friend iVoin Pennsylvania, that unless^ his
salary is raised he will leave the service oi the
Government. He is a man of large family,
and he cannot support them here on his pres-
ent salary ; and it is unreasonable that we
should ask him to do so.
Mr. CORBETT obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. This is the old argument,
that men in office could do a great deal belter
out of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Oregon yield to the Senator from
Pennsylvania ?
Mr. CAMERON. I beg pardon ; I did not
observe that the Senator from Oregon had
obtained the floor.
Mr. CQRBETT. I give way to the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I am much obliged to the
Senator. I merely desire to say that the argu-
ment of the Senator from Vermont is the com-
mon one always given when you say a word
against an increase of salaries. It is said that
the men holding these offices can do a great
deal better in private life. Then I say let them
go into piivate life. There are plenty of people
who will come here and perform the duties just
as well probably as they now do. I mean to
say nothing against the ability or high capacity
of the First Comptroller. I think all that is said
on that subject is correct; but there are plenty
of men just as good. An old proverb says that
"there are as good fish in the sea as ever were
caught;" and I am sure there are always good
men willing to go into office. According to the
Senator's argument, you might go through the
whole list of officers here and raise their sala-
ries. I dare say there are men holding $1,200
clerkships who are fitted to perform the duties
of these places; and probably there are men
getting large salaries who are not fit for their
places; but that does not prove to my mind
that you ought to increase salaries. I thinlt
that the salaries in our Government are as high
as they ought to be. I believe we spend a great
deal too much money because we have sym-
pathy for individuals. Because a particular
incumbent of an office is a gentlemanly and
courteous man, and we meet him in our social
circles, we are apt to be willing to increase his
salary because we like him, or because we are
pleased by some attentions that we receive from
him or those around him. I do not pretend
that I am not susceptible to all these feelings
myself; but I am unwilling to increase salaries
this year.
I believe there ought to be an entire change
in the Treasury Department. I think there
ought to be an overhauling and a systematiz-
ing there, so as to make the establishment
belter for the Government and better for the
persons employed. I think. we could save
money enough there to perhaps give some
officers higher salaries; but it would be done
by reducing the number of people employed
and inaugurating a better system. The oflier
day we had a debate about a commissioner
of statistics, and we were told that the per-
son employed in the Treasury Department in
that service was entirely unfit for his place.
I was told so by some gentleman of this body.
We were also told that a man must be kept in
the State Department to perform the same
duties because he had some capacity in gath-
ering up statistics, and the other man, whose
special business it was to attend to that subject,
was not fit to do it. That is not the way to
legislate. I thank the Senator from Oregon
for his courtesy.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I have had
sotnc little transactions with the First Comp-
tioiler, Mr. Taylor, and in my opinion he is
not one of those particularly courteous men
who cater to Senators or Congressmen. He
is a man who attends to his duties faithfully,
1 believe, and I think he is a very valuable
officer, I admire him the more from the fact
that I presented a claim to him, and notwith-
standing he rejected the claim I was struck
by his ability and the manner in which he
examined these things. I believe, as the Sen-
ator from Vermont says, that he is a very
capable, thorough officer. He watches vigil-
antly the interests of the Government. I be-
lieve he is better worth $5,000 a year than
any other man that you could place in that
position would be half that amount. He is
thoroughly acquainted with the business of the
office. There is a very large business to be
transacted there. Very large claims are coming
constantly before him. It seems to me that
to give him a salary that will merely keep his
family and not allow him to lay up anything
for a rainy day is very unjust. I think his
services are worth as much as the services of
any Senator here.
I shall support this amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, to raise the salaries of these
Comptrollers and Auditors who pass upon
large claims and judge of them. I think they
should receive a salary that would place them
above any influences that might tempt them to
swerrc from their duty in judging of claims,
and acting upon them independently. We
know, and have heard it said, that influences
are brought to bear upon officials to force
through claims that are illegitimate and im-
proper ; and we should place these men in
such a position that they cannot be tempted.
I do not believe that Mr. Taylor is one of the
kind who can be tempted, but I believe that
he should be paid a salary commensurate with
his services, arid commensurate with the large
amount of business he performs and the large
amount of claims he is constantly passing upon.
I simply desired to add my testimony, know-
ing something of Mr. Taylor, and having seen
something of him.
Mr. NYE. I am myself in favor of paying
pretty good salaries ; but it seems to me that
the reason the honorable Senator from Oregon
renders for raising the salary of this man is a
very strange one, that he presented a claim to
him and he rejected it.
Mr. CORBETT. _ Yes, sir; I thought the
prices were pretty high, and he rejected it.
Mr. NYE. It is very queer that the honor-
able Senator would present a claim that he
did not think was right, and go for raising the
salary of the officer thatrejeeted it.
Mr. CORBETT. It did not belong to me.
Mr. NYE. But, sir; I rose for the purpose
of saying a single word. I see there is a gen-
eral willingness here to raise the salaries of these
officers of the Treasury; and I do not know
but that it is right; but in looking around
these Departments last year, as I made a little
effort to do, I found many men that have more
labor to perform than these Comptrollers who
get far less salary, and any effort to raise their
salary heretofore has been a failure. Now, I
propose to test the fairness of the Senate by
proposing to put other Departments on a foot-
ing with the Treasury Department, if it is in
order. If there is a man in any of the Depait-
ments of this Government who works more
hours than any other, and has the most im-
portant labor to perform in a very important
branch of the public service, it is the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. His
salary is $3,000 a year, and his labors are far
more severe than those of the Secretary of the
Interior, as the present presiding officer [Mr.
Harlan] will understand. He decides all that
great branch of business. The public land
interests of this country are certainly as large
as any comptrollership is, where he is bounded
by his room. I think his salary is altogether
too low. Any gentleman who goes into that
office and discharges its duties faithfully ought
to have more than $3,000 a year. In the
Treasury Department they have clerks that
get more than that. The Senator from Maine
will correct me if I am wrong.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know of any.
Mr. NYE. About three thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Maine
how much they do get.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No clerk probably
except the chief clerk of a bureau gets $2,000;
bat there are in the office of the Register
book-keepers who get $2,500, or $2,600.
Mr. NYE. Well, sir, there is a book-keeper
who gets in the neighborhood of three thousand
dollars; and with the twenty per cent, we
have been in the habit of giving it is more
than that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And they
are picked away at once and taken to New
York, where they get $5,000, $6,000, and
some of them $10,000.-
Mr. NYE. My friend from Vermont has an
apprehension that there is danger of the Gov-
ernment losing some of these Comptrollers.
Let me tell him that he need have no suck
fear; they will stay. I have never known one
to quit here who got good pay. I ana
finding fault with paying this salary to these
Comptrollers; perhaps it is right; but I insist
upon it that the Treasury Department is not
the only Department of this Government; and
if the committee who have it in charge are
going about to do justice, as I have no doubt
the Senator from Ohio intends to do, I can
find them cases more deserving, men with as
large families, and who work more hours a day
than any cjf these Comptrollers, who are get-
ting but little over half what they propose to
give these Comptrollers. The Secretary of the
Treasury, I believe, gets $8,000, and now it is
proposed to give $4,500 or $5,000 to clerks
merely; they are called Comptrollers, because
they are at the head of that kind of clerkship.
I repeat that I do not know that it is too msch,
but while we are attempting to do justice to
these deserving men, I hope we shall have an
amendment giving the Commissioner of the
General Land Office as much certainly as some
of the clerks of the Treasury Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Nevada
and his colleague desire to put in the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. I appre-
ciate the services of Mr. Wilson, who is an
able and excellent officer; but in the first place
the matter ought to be referred to a committee.
The increase of these salaries was referred to
the Committee on Finance, and after considera-
tion we took these officers and made the in-
crease. Officers in the same Department with
the same rank have a great deal more salary
now. The Treasurer gets $6,500; the Comp-
troller of the Currency gets $5,000. The heads
of bureaus in the War Department get $7,000;
If this proposition had been considered by the
Committee on Public Lands, I should have no
objection to it.
Mr. NYE: The Committee on Public Lands
are certainly as capable as the committee to
which this matter has been referred to judge
of this subject, and having examined into it 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Committee on
Public Lands report this proposition I have
not the slightest objection to it.
Mr. NYE. I ask the honorable Senator
from Ohio if it is necessary to go through the
formal presentation of it to the committee to
see whether it is proper to raise this salary,
when the Senator knows and every Senator
knows that it should be raised. I do not like
to pick out one Department and make its
officers princes and keep the others all poor.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to inquire whether
an amendment to the amendment is now in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the -im-
pression of the Chair, it is in order.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I move to insert
after the word "Treasury," in the sixth line
of the amendment of the Committeeon Finance,
the words "and the Commissioner of the
General Land Office." The chairman of the
Finance Committee will accept that, I sup-
pose.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will be done,
and I will say 
Mr. CONNESS.- It is done now, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio accept this amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, &ir; but I am willing
to let the sense of the Senate be taken upon
it, if it is in order.
