390
SUPPLEMENT TO
accepted for the time being as possible under
the Constitution—that he did not condemn the
legislation of 1789 as being unconstitutional,
but he did condemn it as being highly impol-
itic, and which had subjected the people of
this country to great abuses. He did say,
however—and to these werds I ask, also, the
attention of the Senate—of the legislation of
1789, " that it did separate the power of re-
moval from the power of appointment." It
did separate it, subject to its own limitaiions.
It did separate it, and confer it, too, by au-
thority of that act and by no other authority.
It is for this purpose, and for this purpose
alone, that I cited Mr. Webster in this part of
the argument. "It was a grant of power to
the President," conferred upon him by the
Congress to remove executive officers. I ad-
mit, Senators, that during the recess of the
Senate such a statute ought to be always upon
your statute-book so long as you have a Presi-
dent who can be trusted. A man who is be-
traying his trusts ought to be suspended from
his office, which is a temporary removal, for
reasons appearing to the President which jus-
tify it; and that is precisely your law to-day.
It is within the power of the Congress un-
doubtedly to confer it upon the President.
That is your law to-day.
What one of the counsel now, I ask the Sen-
ate to consider, ventured to say here—if it was
uttered it certainly escaped my observation—
that the President of the United States at any
time had power during the session of the Sen-
ate to vacate the offices of the heads of the
Departments in this country even under the
acts of 1789 and fill them indefinitely at his
pleasure ? What pracliee in the Government
was cited here to support any such pretension
of power in the Executive? None whatever.
To be sure, reference was made to the case
of Pickering ; but the gentlemen ought to re-
member that when reference was made to it,
so far as the removal was concerned, it was,
expressly authorized by the act of 5789; 1
care not how informally ; the words are in that
act " unless removed by the President;'' it is
a grant of power, and Webster so interprets
it on page 19-1 of the fourth volume of his
works as an act of Congress.which separated
the power of removal from the power of ap-
pointment. Ilis construction was right. Upon
that construction I stand in this argument.
But it does not follow by any manner of means
because this power was exercised by the older
Adams that he thereby furnished a precedent
in justification of the violation of another and
a different statute, which by every intendment
repealed the act of 1781) and stripped the
President of any colorable excuse for asserting
any such authority.
That is my first answer to this point made by
the counsel, and I make a still further answer
to it ; and that is this, that the cider Adams
himself, as his letter to his Secretary of State
clearly discloses, did not consider that it was
proper even under the law of 1789 for him to
make that removal during the session of the
Senate, and therefore these significant words
are incorporated in his letter of request to Sec-
retary Pickering that he should resign before
til e session of the Senate, the resignation, of
course, to take effect, at, a future day, so that
upon the incoming of the Senate lie might, name
a successor, showing exactly how he understood
the obligations of the Constitution.
Although the record, so far as I have been
able to trace it, is somewhat imperfect, I think
itbutjusticeto the memory of that distinguished
patriot to declare that the whole transaction
justifies me in saying here, as my belief, in the
presence of the Senate, that he did not issue
the order for the removal of Pickering after
the Senate had commenced its session. It is
true that he issued it on the same day, but he
did not issue it after the Senate had commenced
its session ; he issued it before ; and upon the
assembling of-the Senate and the opening of
the Senate on the same day, showing his respect
for the Constitution and the laws and the obli-
gation of his oath, he sent to that Senate the
name of the successor of Pickering, John
Marshall, and on the next day, Tuesday, John
Marshall, as Secretary of State, was confirmed
to succeed Timothy Pickering, removed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. Nor
does it appear that J ohn Marshall exercised
the functions of his office, or attempted to ex-
ercise the functions of office, until the Senate
had passed upon the question of his appoint-
ment, and therefore necessarily passed upon
the question of the removal of Pickering. All
these facts arise in this case in the removal of
Pickering to disprove everything that has been
said here by way of apology or justification or
even of excuse of the action of the President
of the United States in violating the Constitu-
tion and the existing laws of the country.
But the other provision of the Constitution,
Senators, which 1 recited yesterday in your
hearing, pours a flood of light upon this ques-
tion as to the power of the President to vacate
the executive offices and fill them at his pleas-
ure, and dispels the mists with which counsel
have attempted to envelop it, and that is the
provision that the President shall have power
to fill up all vacancies which may happen dur-
ing the recess of the Senate and to issue com-
missions to his appointees to fill such vacancies,
which commissions shall expire at the end of
the next session of the Senate. I ask Senators
what possible sense is there in this express
provision of the Constitution that the Presi-
dent shall have power to fill up all vacancies
which may happen during the recess of the
Senate, his commissions to expire at the end of
their next session, if after all, as is claimed in
his answer and is asserted by his unlawful acts
under the laws of the United States, he is
invested by the Constitution with the power to
make vacancies at his pleasure even during the
session of the Senate? I ask Senators, fur-
ther, to answer what sense is there in the pro-
vision that the commission which he may issue
to fill a vacancy happening during the recess
of the Senate shall expire at the end of their
next session, if after all, notwithstanding this
limitation of the Constitution, the President
may, during the session, create vacancies and
fill them, in the words of his answer, indef-
initely? If he has any such power as that, I
may be allowed to say here, in the words of
John Marshall, your Constitution at last is but
a splcndicL bauble; it is not worth the paper
upon which it is written. It is a matter of
mathematical demonstration upon the text of
this instrument, by necessary implication, that
the President's power to fill vacancies is lim-
ited to vacancies that arise during the recess
of the Senate, save where it is otherwise pro-
vided for by express provision of law.
That is my answer to all that has been said
here by the gentlemen upon this subject. They
have brought a long list of appointments and
a long list of removals from the foundation of
the Government to this hour, whioh is answered
by a single word, that there was existing law
authorizing it all, and that law no longer ex-
ists. Not a line or word or tittle of it exists
■since the 2d flay of March, 1807 ; assuming in
! what I say now, of course, that the tenure-of-
! office act is constitutional and valid, I refer to
I those statutes; I shall not exhaust my strength
' or the patience of the Senate by stopping to
! read them here and now, but 1 shall refer to
j them in the report of my argument. Those
j statutes are as follows:
"Act tn provide for government of territory north-
west of river Ohio. Approved August 7,1789.
"Be it cnacted, d;c., That in all cases in which by
the said ordinance (for government of territory
northwest of river Ohio) any information is to be
given or communication made by the. Governor of
the said Territory to the United States in Congress
assembled, or to any of their officers, it shall be the
duty of the said Governor to givo such information
and to make such communication to the President
of the United States*; and the President shall nom-
inate, and by and with tho advice and consent of the
Senate shall appoint, all officers who, by the said
ordinance, were to have been appointed by the Uni-
ted States in Congress assembled, and all officers so
appointed shall be commissioned by him; and in all
cases where the United States in Congress assem-
bledmight by the said ordinance revoke any eom-
ljii;•iou or remove from any office, the President is
hereby declared to have the same powers of revoca-
tion and removal."—1 Statutes, p. 50, sec. 1.
"Act to amend tho act entitled 'An act making
alterations in the Treasury andWar Departments.'
Approved February 13, 1795.
"In case of vacancy in the office of Secretary of
State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secretary
of tho Department of War, or of any officer of either
of the said Departments whose appointment is not
in tho head thereof, whereby they cannot perform
the duties of their said respective offices, it shall bo
lawful for the Presidentof tho United States, in case
he shall think it necessary, to authorize any person
or persons, at his discretion, to perform the duties
of the said respective offices until a successor be ap-
pointed or such vacancy be filled: Frovided, That
no one vacancy shall be supplied in manner afore-
said for a longer term than six months."—1 Statutes,
415 ; 1 Brightly's Digest, 225.
"An act to limit tho term of office of certain officers
therein named, and for other purposes. Approved
May 15,1820.
"From and after the passage of this act, all dis-
trict attorneys, collectors of the customs, naval offi-
cers and surveyors of the customs, navy agents, re-
ceivers of public moneys for lands, registers of the land
offices, paymasters in the Army, the apothecary gen-
eral, the assistant apothecary general, and tho com-
missary general of purchases, to be appointed under
the laws of the United States, shall be appointed for
tho term of four i ours, but shall be removable from
offico at pleasure.''—3 Statutes, 5S2.
"An act to regulate the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States. Approved August
18,1856.
Section one regulates the appointment and com-
pensation of consuls.
"It belongs exclusively to the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Semite, to appoint
consular officers at such places as he or they deem
to be meet. They are officers created by tho Consti-
tution and the laws of nations and by nets of Con-
gress."—11 Statute*, 52, section 3; 1 Brightly. 174, Note
a; (and see also tfie provision touching appoint-
ments.)
If this provision of the Constitution, then,
means what it expressly declares, that the
Piesidcnt's power of appointment in the ab-
sence of express law is limited to such vacan-
cies as may happen during the recess of the
Senate, it necessarily results that an appoint-
ment made during the session of the Senate,
without the advice and consent of the Senate,
of the head of a Department, in the absence
of any law authorizing it to be made tempo-
rarily or otherwise, as did the act of 1795, is
unconstitutional and unlawful; and that is my
answer to all they have said on that subject.
But that act of 1795 is repealed by your stat-
ute of 18G7, as also by your act of 18G3, as I
shall claim. If the President may issue it,
it must be a commission according to his own
claim of authority, arising under this unlimited
executive prerogative, which can never expire
but by and with his consent; and if any man
can answer the proposition I should like to
have it answered now. If, notwithstanding all
that is on your statute-books ; if, notwithstand-
ing this limitation of your Constitution which I
have read, that his commissions to fill vacan-
cies arising during the recess shall expire with
the next session of the Senate, he may never-
theless create the vacancies during the session
and fill them without your advice and consent,
I reassert my proposition that such commission
cannot expire, if his assertion be true, without
the consent of the Executive ; and if that prop-
osition can be answered by any man, I desire it
to be answered now. I want to know by what
provision of the Constitution the commission
expires upon the claim of this answer ; and if it
does not expire without the consent of the Ex-
ecutive, I want to know what becomes of the
appointing power lodged jointly in the Senate
with the Executive for the protection of the
people's rights and the protection of the peo-
ple's interests. It cannot be answered here or
anywhere by a retained advocate of the Presi-
dent or by a volunteer advocate of the Presi-
dent, in the Senate or out of the Senate.
I demand to know, again, what provision of
the Constitution, under the claim set up in this
answer, terminates the commission. I took
occasion to read from the answer that I might
not be misunderstood. He puts it directly
upon the Constitution. Nobody is to be held
responsible for it; and I am glad it is so, either
by intendment or otherwise—nobody is to be
held responsible for this assumption but this
