1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3473
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair, whether notice was given of this
amendment so as to bring it within the rule;
and I will state tlie reason why I make the
inquiry. This may be a meritorious case; but
there are a great many other meritorious cases;
and if without giving any notice, without^ the
amendment being reported by the Committee
on Public Lands, this officer is to be added,
then with great propriety we may look about
and see what other officers ought to be included ;
and it is rather invidious to establish that way
of accomplishing the result. If notice has
been given, I do not object; but if it has not
been given, and we are to accept this amend-
ment, then there are various officers who ought
to be thought of.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
has no knowledge that any notice was given to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CON NESS. 1 hope the Senator will
not make that objection ; but that if there be
any other case as meritorious as this he will
propose it.
Mr. CONKLING. Whether there be others
as meritorious as this I am not prepared to
say, because we have a rule providing that this
particular legislation shall not be reached in
this way. Of course, therefore, Senators are
not prepared, upon a suggestion being made,
to say what other meritorious cases there are.
I repeat, I do not wish to object to this ease in
particular; but if we have a rule I think we
ought to adhere to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I ask for a vote of
the Senate upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. Not if it is not in order,
I suppose.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not understand the
Senator to insist on the point of order.
Mr. STEWART. If the point of order is
insisted on I will move that this amendment
be postponed until to-morrow, and I give notice
that I shall then offer it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I must
insist on the point of order.
Mr. STEWART. Then I move that the
whole amendment go over until to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is hardly
necessary, because the whole question will be
open when the bill comes into the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are other appro-
priation bills, where it can be moved.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to give notice now
that to-morrow I will offer this amendment to
this bill, as proposed tu-day.
Mr. CONKLING. I made the suggestion
that I did merely by way of suggestion, not
meaning to insist upon it against the wish of
even a single Senator who thinks it is import-
ant to take the sense of the Senate on this
question. I now withdraw the point of order;
but in withdrawing it I wish to say again that
I think while we have this rule we ought
to adhere to it, and that these officers ought
not to be dependent upon the friendly diligence
of some Senator who may have in mind a
particular case, and who from a sense of jus-
tice may rise and suggest that when that same
Senator, if his attention had been turned in
another direction, very likely would be able to
remember a number of other persons equally
meritorious. The Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] says he offered this proposition
originally rather by way of illustration. I sup-
pose that to be the case, and I have no doubt
the illustration is a true one. I have no doubt
the case is one of merit. I only say that it
establishes a capricious rule that these officers
are to be advanced in their salaries dependent
on whether some Senator who has personal
knowledge of them is able on the spur of the
moment to think of them or not. That is a
lottery which I think the rules intended to
provide against.
Mr. CONNESS. I renew the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall be obliged
to invoke the rule, and I will say to Senators
who have an interest in this matter that when
the bill comes into the Senate they can give
40th Cons. 2d Sbss.—No. 218.
me the notice and make a motion to amend it
then, and that will answer their purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) The question of order
having been raised, the Chair is of the opinion
that it is well taken.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, I
now renew the notice that to-morrow I shall
offer this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator from Ohio to add at the end of his
amendment the words "for the fiscal year
ending June SO, 1869," so that the salary pro-
vided for shall be for that year.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be proper
enough, although this being an appropriation
bill for that year the preliminary words of the
bill would cover it. 1 wish now to add to the
amendment "and the same is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.'' These formal words
havebeenomitted, and thev ought to be inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr, CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays, and tliej' were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 10 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Cattell, Conncss, Corbett,
Davis, Drake. Edmunds, Fessenden, Frehnghuvsen,
Harlan, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill ofVormont, Patterson of Ncwllampshirr, Ram-
sey, floss. Sherman, Su inner, Van Winkle, Viekers,
Wiliev, and Williams—23.
NAYS —Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling,
Cragin, McCreery, Stewart, Thayer, '1'ipton, Trum-
bull, and Yates—10.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole,
Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Fowler, Grimes, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morton,
Norton, Nye. Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Rice, Saulsbury, Sprague, Wade, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer from the
Committee on Finance the following amend-
ment as a new section :
And be it further enacted. That each night watch-
man at the Treasury Department shall, iromjhc; 1st
day of July, 1868, receive a compensation of $900 per
annum; and an amount sufficient to pay said in-
creased compensation for the fiscal year ending June
30,1869, is hereby appropriated.
I will state that there are twelve night watch-
men in the Treasury Department, every one
of whom is a wounded soldier.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the pay now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Seven hundred and twenty
dollars a year. This gives them the same pay
allowed to other watchmen—much less than
our watchmen in this building. I trust the
amendment will be adopted. The provision
was agreed to last year.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to add a
proviso that all other watchmen in the Depart-
ments shall receive the same compensation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe they do.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the
amendment in the way I have indicated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that amend-
ment, because I do not know precisely how
tnanv it would affect.
Mi-. CHANDLER. I am opposed to rais-
ing the pay in one Department and leaving the
same class of officers m other Departments at
a lower compensation. Let us have them all
alike. I shall to-morrow propose an increase
of the salary of all men in the same grade in
all the Departments, where the salaries of any
have been raised.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know even that
there are night watchmen in the other Depart-
ments.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then my amendment
can do no harm.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would not be wise to
legislate in that loose way. If the Senator
from Michigan had seen these men perform-
ing this duty every night in the year, watching
over hundreds of millions of property, he
would not deny to them $2 50 a day, $900 a
year. We agreed to this last year, but it has
been dropped off now in some way. I do not
know how. The salary of $720 is totally
inadequate. Every one of these twelve men
is a soldier, and a wounded soldier, and they
are all faithfully serving the Government.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 shall certainly vote to
add the $200 to the night watchmen after we
have given $1,000 additional to each of the
Comptrollers; and I give notice now that to-
morrow I shall offer an amendment to this bill
providing for paying the women in the Treas-
ury Department the same compensation that
is paid to men for the same service.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but one more
amendment to offer, and then I shall relieve
l he Senate. It is in regard to the pay of the
Assistant Treasurer at Charleston. I move
on page 46, line eleven hundred and thirty-
two, to strike out all after "Charleston" and
insert '' and after the 30th of June, 1868, the
annual salary of the Assistant Treasurer at
Charleston shall be $4,000, and that, amount
is hereby appropriated—$22,000;" so as to
make the clause read:
For salaries of the Assistant Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States at New York, Boston, Charleston, and St.
Louis, nnmely: for the Assistant Treasurer at New
York. $8,000; those at Boston and St. Louis, each,
$5,000. and tho one at Charleston, $1,000; and after
the 30th of June, 18G3, the annual salary of the
Assistant Treasurer at Charleston shall bo $4,000;
and that amount is hereby appropriated—$22,000.
This proposes to raise the pay of the Assistant
Treasurer at Charleston from $2,500 to $4,000
a year on the ground of the vastly increased
business. He now disburses §7,500,000 a year.
His pay was fixed under the old regime at
Charleston when the business was small. The
papers are quite voluminous which I have
received from the Department, showing the
necessity of this increase. It simply puts this
officer on the same grade with other officers in
that Department who perform the same char-
acter of service, no more, no less. If the Sen-
ate want anj further information on the subject
the petition of this officer can be read. The
proposition is simply to raise his pay from
$2,500 to $4,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. How does that
conform with the salaries of similar officers at
other points ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is less than the pay
of the sub-Treasurer at St. Louis and at
Boston.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is less than is paid to
any other officer who disburses that much
money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The sub-Treasurer at
Philadelphia gets $5,000,1 think. This officer
is the great disbursing officer for the South.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish now to call up the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Ohio in regard
to the Government advertising, which was
passed by informally.
T h e PR E SI D E N T pro tempore. Th at am en d-
ment will be regarded as now before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out after its enacting
clause and inserting:
That all advertisements, notices, and proposals for
contracts, executive proclamations, treaties, and
laws, required by law to be published in the District
of Columbia, shalf be published only in the two papers
selected under the act approved May 18,1866, enti-
tled " An act making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th day of Juno, 1867, and for other pur-
poses," and only when the same shall be delivered
to such papers by the proper head of a Department
for publication; and all of section ten or the act
approved March 2,1867, entitled "An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1868, and for
other purposes," preceding the proviso thereof, is
hereby repealed, and no advertisingsbii
newspaper published in the District of Columbia
