1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1425
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 37, not voting
47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Blaine, Blair. Bout-
well. Broomall, Buekland, Butler, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clark, Cobb, Cobiiro, Cook, Cor-
nell, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Driggs Eckley, Eggleston,
Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gravely, Griswold, Hal-
eey, Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Hopkins, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, Latiin, George V.
Lawrence. William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,Logan,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mer-
cur, Miller, Moore, Mullins, Myers, Nunn, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield,
Selye, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taylor,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aemarn,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen ]?. Wilson, and Woodbridge—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler,
Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover,
Ilolman, Hotchkiss. Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Niblack,
Nicholson, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stewart,
Taber, Lawrence S.Trimble, Van Trump, Wood, and
Woodward—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Biomwell.Cake, Covode, Dixon, Donnelly, Ela,
Farnsworth, Finney, Garfield, llaight, Hooper, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Jones, Judd,
Kerr, Loughndge,Maynard, McCullough,Moorhead,
Horgan, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb,
Peters, Phelps, Pile, Pomeroy, Robinson, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Stone,Tali'e, John Tiimble.Van Auken, Robert
T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Thomas Will-
iams, William Williams, and Windoru—-47.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF TILE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.t I ask
unanimous consent to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the rules be suspended, and that it
is hereby ordered as follows:
W hen the committee to prepare articlesof impeach-
ment of the President of-tue (Jnited States report
the said articles the House shall immediately resolvo
itself into the Committee of the Whole thereon:
that speeches in committee shall be limited to fifteen
minutes each, which debate shall continue till the
next legislative day after the report, to the exclusion
ot all other business except the readingof the Jour-
nal; that at three o'clock on the atternoon of said
second day the fifteen-minute debate shall cease,
and the committee shall then proceed to consider
and vote upon amendments that may be offered
under the five-minute rule of debate; but no merely
pro forma amendment shall be entertained; that at
four o'clock on tho afternoon of said second day the
committee shall rise and report their action to tho
House, whichshallimmediately and withoutdilatory
motions vote thereon; that if the articles of im-
peachment are agreed on the House shall then
immediately and withoutdilatory motions elect by
ballot seven managers to conduct said impeachment
on the part of the House: and that during tho pend-
ency of resolutions in the House relative to said im-
peachment thereafter no dilatory motions shall be
received except one motion on each day that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of consider-
ing the resolution at this time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me to suggest an
amendment, to strike out the words "fifteen
minute " before the word " debate," where it
says "the fifteen-minute debate shall cease."
The SPEAKER. That will be the same
thing, because the first part says speeches shall
be limited to fifteen minutes each.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It says "thefifteen-min-
ute debate shall cease.''
The SPEAKER. There are two kinds of
debate known in the Committee of the Whole,
namely, the hour debate and the five-minute
debate. The resolution proposes to limit the
speeches to fifteen minutes until a specified
time, and then to allow amendments under the
five-minute rule.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to give notice
at this time that 1 shall call for a division on
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 90.
the various propositions, so that by the mere
suspension of the rules the House will not
adopt the proposition in whole.
The SPEAKER. If the rules are suspended
it suspends the rule that allows the gentleman
to demand a division.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not desire a division
for any captious spirit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so under-
stands it.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I suggest if it would not
be more in consonance with the practice of
the House if it should so amend the rules as
to allow members to print all their speeches,
not making any at all m the House. It seems
to me it would expedite business very much
and save a great deal of time.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope everybody will have
that liberty.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to know if the
gentleman will permit an amendment that
speeches shall be limited to thirty minutes
each and that an additional day be allowed,
giving us two days instead of one.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am will-
ing to leave that to the sense of the House
after the resolution comes before it for consid-
eration.
The SPEAKER. A suspension of the rules
makes the order. The gentleman can mod-
ify it-
Mr. RANDALL. That is not an unreason-
able amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
feel that I have authority on the part of the
Committee on the Rules to modify ihe resolu-
tion.
Mr. BROOKS. As a member of the Commit-
tee on the Rules I never heard of that resolu-
tion before.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know, if the
rules shall be suspended and these several
propositions shall be adopted, whether they do
not in themselves become so absolutely bind-
ing on us that it will he out of the power of the
House, should it find itself under the necessity
of debating the matter further, to go on with
the debate except by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. That is a legitimate par-
liamentary question and the Chair will answer
it. If this shall be adopted, so far as res-
olutions and action in regard to the impeach-
ment ordered by the House are conccrned,
these will be tho rules of the House, but, like
all other rules, they may be suspended by a
two-thirds vote on Monday after the morning
hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But they cannot be sus-
pended at any other time.
The SPEAKER. Like all other rules, they
can only be suspended on Monday after the
morning hour. Does the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wasiibtjrxb] decline to accept the
proposed modification?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the Chair instruct
me how 1 can get a separate vote on the rules
reported ?
The SPEAKER. Only by voting down the
motion to .suspend the rules. In order that
there may be no misunderstanding, and that
the House may see that the question will be
decided by one vote, the motion will again be
read.
The Clerk read the proposed order.
Mr. BURR. Under a rule adopted a few
moments ago, I move that the House do now
adjourn, and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. That is in accordance with
the rule adopted to-day.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decidcd
in the negative—yeas 34. nays 111, not voting
44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, EUridge, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Gollttday, Grover, Hnight, Ilol-
man, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Knott, Marshall, McCullough, Mungen,
Pruyn, Randall, Sitgreaves, Stone. Taboi, Lawrence
S. Tumble, Van Trump, Wood, and Woodward—3i.
NATS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Beaman,
Beatty. Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutweil, Broomall,
Buekland, Butler, Cake, Cary, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Dawes,
Dodge, Driggs.Eckley, Ernies ton, Kliot, Farnsworfcb,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gravely, Halsey, Hawkins,
Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg,
McCormick, Mereur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
rell, Mullins, Myers, Neweomb, Niblack, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Polsley, Price, Raum,
Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Selye,
Shanks, Smith, Starkweather. Thaddeus Steveng,
Stewart, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Van Aernain, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Stephen F, Wil-
son—111.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M.Ashley, Bailey,
Barnum, Benjamin, Bingham, Bromwell, Reader W.
Clarke, Covode, Dixon, Donnelly, Eta, Finney, Gar-
field, Griswold, Harding, Hill, Asa.hel W. Hubbard,
Jones, Kerr, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, Morgan.
Morrissey, Nicholson, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Robinson, Sh^llabarger,
Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, John Trimble, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, Windom, and
Woodbridge—41.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Washbcrxe, of Illinois, to suspend the rules.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I rise to a
point of order. I hold 
The SPEAKER. Tlie gentleman will state
his question of order,
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. It is this:
that on the proposition before us we have a
right to a vote upon the question of suspending
the rules, and then upon the proposition as
presented; and I call the attention of the
Speaker to this paragraph oil page 1G9 of the
Digest:
*' No standing rule or order of the House shall be
rescinded or changed without one day's notico given
of the motion theretor."
I hold that this is a change of the rules of
the House, of which no notice has been given,
and that the Speaker must decide under that
rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to inform the gentleman from Kentucky that
the Speaker cannot rule as he desires, and for
this reason : the rule he has read is correctly
quoted from the Digest, but the gentleman
from Illinois moves to suspend that rule and
all other rules that stand in the way, and the
rules provide that on every Monday after the
morning hour and during the last ten days of
the session two thirds can suspend all the rules.
The rule to which the gentleman refers is pro-
posed to be suspended in connection with all
the other rules, as the gentleman will see him-
self if he will read the chapter in the Digest in
regard to suspensions of the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suggest to the Chair,
as a further point of order, that this has the
effect to change permanently the standing rules
of tho House, and I understand that provision
of the Digest to prevent that.
The SPEAKER, The Chair sustains that
point of order, that it makes a change perma-
nently, atieast during the pendency ol impeach-
ment, in the standing rules of the House. The
i Chair sustains that point of order.
I Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move a call
! of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not at this time.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question. I desire to inquire whether-
a suspension of the rules, for the purpose of
! intioducing and acting upon this resolution,
| carries with it its adoption?
I The SPEAKER. It does, by the express
I language of the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. Then, in no way can we
have a vote upon the motion to suspend the
rules, and then a vote upon the adoption of
the proposition?
The SPEAKER. There is no way, unless
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
will modify his proposition.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The question was then taken; and it waa
