1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
and every man who has ever sat upon a jury
knows, that it is the constant and the neces-
.sary course of jurisprudence that the judges
in intei pretinga statute must place themselves
in the shoes ot'the lawgiver; they must exam-
ine the contemporaneous history in order to
find the true interpretation of the law; and if
there be any doubt upon the letter of the law
they must follow it in its historic course onward
in its execution ; they must find how those who
were acting under it understood it; they must,
find how those who placed their faith upon it
understood it; and then the measure of doubt, |
if there be any, upon the letter of the statute
is resolved according to justice and good faith.
Now, what is this history? The debates on
t'-e passage of these various measures through
the two Houses after the creation of legal tend-
ers had raised the possibility of a question as
to the species of currency or money in which
the bonds of the United States should be dis-
charged, plainly show that it was the intention
and expectation of all parties and of gentlemen
of all varieties of views as to the policy to be
pursued by the Government in raising money;
that the issue of legal tenders was to be limited
in amount and of temporary duration, and that
long before the Government would be required
to pay its bonds the currency of the country
would be gold and silver, or paper money con-
vertible into gold or silver on demand. A dis-
tinguished member of the House of Represent-
atives from Pennsylvania, the then chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Stevens,] on the 19th of December, 1862, in
a speech on the subject of the finances of the
country, said, referring to the difficulties in
which the Government was then placed, and
the necessity of providing some immediate
measures to bridge over the financial gulf that
then seemed to exist:
"The Committee of Ways and Means were ex-
pected to provide the means without any sugges-
tions from any quarter to aid them. After careful
deliberation the committee, rather, as it turned out.
the one half of them, determined to inaugurate a
system of national currency consisting of legal-
tender notes, receivable in all transactions between
individuals and between individuals and the Gov-
ernment, and convertible into bonds of the United
States, bearing six per cent, interest, payable semi-
annually in lawful money, and redeemable in twenty
years in gold or silver coin. The issue of $150,000,000
of such notes was authorized, and of $500,000,000 of
twenty-year bonds.
"The system was simple in its machinery and
easily understood. It formed a uniform currency,
sustained by the faith of the Government."—Con-
gressional Globe, Thirti/-Sevenih Congress, third ses-
sion, page 145.
The gentleman then proceeded to give a
synopsis of a bill introduced in December,
1862, by himself upon this subject:
" It was intended to restore the law just to the
condition in which it left the House of Representa-
tives, and nothing more.
" The first section provides that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall pay off and cancel all the five-
twenty bonds, and all others whose interest is pay-
able in gold, and to exchange new bonds for them
on such terms as shall be agreed on, or pay them in
legal tenders.
"Certain money editors have professed to see in
this a violation of public faith, which promised the
payment in gold. Nothing is more false. It proposed
to lift these bonds, by negotiation with the holders,
at such rates as could be agreed on. If the holder
declined to sell, he would be entitled to receive his
interest in gold, according to the original contract.
I suppose no man could be found in this House base
enough to propose repudiation. None but a very
stupid man could so misread the bill. True, it pro;
posed to issue no more bonds of that kind, and re-
pealed the law authorizing it." * * * *
'What business has anybody to inquire whether in
our future issue of bonds we intend to pay the inter-
est in coin or legal tender? It is enough for them to
know that in contracts already executed the Govern-
ment will keep its faith." * * * * "Hav-
ing restored the law to its original shape. it proposes
to raise money to pay the pressing debts due to de-
positors and gold-bearing bonds, the pay due sol-
diers, and other expenses, by issuing legal-tender
notes, not exceeding £200,000,000 beyond those already
authorized, and to issue $1,000,000,000 of bonds bear-
ing six per cent, interest, payable semi-annually in
lawful money, and redeemable in twenty years in
coin."—Ibid., page 146.
The same gentleman in the course of the
debate on the passage of the bill to which
he was then referring, the act of February 25,
1862, repeatedly over and over again, he being
then chairman of the Committee of Ways ana
Means, said that this debt was payable in coin;
not that it was then disputed in the House of
Representatives that it was so payable, but he
was speaking to the country ; he was appealing
to every man who had a dollar to lend, or a
horse, or a cow, or any supplies to furnish to
the Government; and he was showing them
over and over again the value of this invest-
ment, which would draw an interest in gold, and
at the end of twenty years would be returned
in gold. No man when that bill passed on the
25th of February, 1862, had asserted in Con-
gress, so far as I am able to discover from the
debates, that it bore any other construction
than that which I now contend for; aud the
observations of this justly distinguished gentle-
man were devoted, as I have said, not to con-
vincing the House that that was the purport
and meaning and interpretation of the law, but
to let the country know what a splendid invest-
ment was being iprQvided for those who had
money to lend or'supplies to furnish.
The act of March 3, 1863, which first intro-
duced the express provision in terms that the
principal of the debt should be payable in coin,
did not, as reported by the Committee of Ways
aud Means in the Hoase of Representatives,
contain that provision ; and the whole debate
upon the consideration of the bill in that body,
as of all the prior bills, most plainly shows that
it was the expectation of all persous, and was
treated as a matter of course, that the public
debt of the United States would be paid in that
commodity which is recognized by the universal
consent of mankind as money, namely, gold and
silver. A few quotations from those debates will
demonstrate the truth of what I have stated.
Mr. Spaulding, of New York, in the course
of an able and elaborate speech on the subject,
said that the bonds of the United States could
not be negotiated to the extent desired for gold,
" not because your bonds are not as good, dollar
for dollar, as gold, but because the whole amount
of gold in the country that could be had for circu-
lation does not probably exceed $250,000,000;"
and in advocating the further issue of green-
backs convertible into these same bonds, he
quotedfrom letters of Jefferson, written in 1813
and 1814, as follows :
"In sucha nation there is oneand only oneresourco
for loans sufHcientto carry them through the expenses
of a war, and that v ill always be sufficient and in
the power of an honest Government punctual in the
preservation of its faith. The fund I mean is the
mass of circulating coin. Every one knows that,
although not literally, it is nearly true that every
paper dollar emitted baniBhes a silver one from cir-
culation.
"A nation, therefore, making its purchases and
payments with bills fitted for circulation thrusts an
equal sum sf coin Out of circulation. This is equiv-
alent to borrowing that sum; and yet the vendor
receiving payment in a medium as effectual as coin
for his purchases or payments has no claim to inter-
est. And so the nation may continue to issue its bills
as far as its wants require and the limits of the cir-
culation will admit."
"Treasury notes," says Mr. Spaulding, " is-
sued by the Government, he [Jefferson] re-
garded as a loan from the people, without
interest, and the only available resource in
time of war." He urged ample taxation as a
basis for Government paper issues, and adds:
" That in the interval between war and war, all the
outstanding paper should be called in, coin be per-
mitted to flow in again, and hold the field of circula-
tion until another war should require its yielcfcng
place again to the national medium."—Congressional
Globe, Thirty-Seventh Congress, third session, page 288.
In the further debate of the bill Mr. Stevens
said:
"It would be fair, I suppose, to state that my
amendment proposes to pay for these bonds at the
end of ten years in coin, but to pay the interest in
currency; while the bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means proposes to redeem the bonds in cur-
rency."
Mr. Horton, a distinguished and leading
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
at that time, replied :
"I cannot state what the gentleman asked me to
state, because, according to my view.it is not correct.
The bill of the Committee of Ways and Means does
not contemplate paying in paper."
Mr. Stevens again said:
"Then the Committee of Ways and Means and I
do not agree as to its meaning."
Mr. Horton replied:
" I speak only for myself, and I appeal to the bill.
The policy of the bill is to pay the interest in coin,
and to collect the imports in coin, and to redeem tho
bonds in twenty years in coin. We hold out the idea
that we shall get back to the true basis as soon as wo
possibly can, and we cling to every ropo that will aid
us in getting back."—Ibid., page 388.
Mr. Walker, of Massachusetts, said:
"It is my intention to propose, if opportunity
is offered, a substitute or amendment [to tho bill]
which shall provide that the Treasurer be authorized
to issue $300,000,000 in circulation bonds of various
denominations of five dollars and upward, bearing
interest at the rate of six per cent, semi-annually,
payable, principal and interest, at the end of three
years in the lawful currency of the United States;
convertible at any time into six per cent, coupon
bonds having twenty years to run, and receivablo for
all Government dues except duties on imports."—
Ibid., page 338.
Thus it will be seen that the proposition on
the opposite side of the financial question was
to change the report of the committee to a bill
which should provide for issuing a species of
currency that should be expressly payable in
the lcind of promises which we call " lawful
money."
My present colleague, [Mr. Mobriu.,] in a
clear and able exposition of the principles
upon which the bill proceeded and of the
necessities and duties of the Government,
urged the necessity of keeping at all times as
near as possible to specie payments, and of so
adjusting the finances 'of the country as to re-
turn at the earliest period to the safe and solid
basis of the entire convertibility of whatever
circulated as money into gold or silver coin,
and he treated the subject as if it were under-
stood on all hands that the payment of the
principal of the Government debt must of
necessity be in real money. The same leading
idea runs through the whole debate.
The contest in the House of Representatives
having waxed warm over opposing plans of
finance not touching this precise question, and
the leading advocate of a plan which was not
in favor with the majority of the House hav-
ing insisted that the bill in the form in which
it then was would leave the bonds to be paid
in currency, the sale and disposition of tho
five-twenties under the act of 1862, then al-
ready authorized, and which was going for-
ward, was suspended on account of the fear of
persons, created by this assertion, so that before
the bill came to its final passage it seemed
necessary, as a mere matter of precaution and
quiet, to insert specifically the provision that
the bonds should be paid in coin, which was
accordingly done on motion of Mr. Thomas,
of Massachusetts.
That, Mr. President, was the first time when
the word "coin" was introduced into these
bills as describing the species of money in
which the principal of the debt should be paid,
and the causes that led to it were what I have
stated. The Government was in great dis-
tress ; this debate had waxed hot, and it was
contended by the advocate of another plan
that the virtue of his over that of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was that his did pro-
vide in terms for the ultimate payment of the
principal in gold, although for the interest in
lawful money; and the consequence of that
was, as I have said, that the whole disposition
of the five-twenties of 1862, which the Govern-
ment required to dispose of day by day to
meet its wants, was stopped on account of the
panic that was created; and therefore it was
that, in this ten-forty act of 1863 the word '"coin"
was at last inserted from the very precau-
tion that it was necessary then to take because
of the doubt that had been attempted to be
thrown on the construction of the previous act.
Upon that subject I beg leave, with the per-
mission of the Senate, to read an extract from
a letter that I have recently received from a
distinguished banker who was largely con-
nected with the disposition of the Government
bonds at that time. He says:
"I believe that there is not an instance on re^rd
solar as I know (except a_few cases of poor brokon
down countries'! where this principle has been vio-
lated, or where it has been thought necessary to insert
a coin provision in any bill authorizing a loan until
