m
SUPPLEMENT TO.
custodians of the great trust which has been
committed to their care in the interests of their
children and in the interests of the millions
that'nve to come after them. I havenofear
0? the results with the people. Their instincts
are all right, They understand perfectly well
that the President ia bat. their servant to obey
their laws in common with themselves, and to
execute their laws in mode and manner as the
laws themselves prescribe; and not to sit"in
judgment day by day upon their authority to
legislate for themselves and to. govern them-
selves bylaws duly enacted through their Rep-
resentatives in Congress assembled.
And this brings me, Senators, to the point
made by the learned gentleman from New York
when he talked of that coming struggle in which
the President and his friends, headed doubt-
less by the learned gentleman himself, would
march under the banner of the " supremacy of
the Constitution" against the "omnipotence of
Congress." I have uttered no word, nor have
my associates uttered any word, that justified
any suggestion about the omnipotence of Con-
gress. I can understand very well something
about the omnipotence of a Parliament under
the protection of a corrupt hereditary mon-
arch, of whom it may be said, and is said by
his retainers, "He rules by the grace of God
and of divine right; " but I cannot understand,
nor can plain people*anywhere understand,
what significance is to be attached to this ex-
pression, "the omnipotence of Congress "—a
Congress the popular branch of which is chosen
every second year by the suffrages of freemen.
1 intend to utter no word, as 1 have uttered no
word from the beginning of this contest to this
hour, which will justify any man in intimating
that I claim for the 'Congress of the United
States any omnipotence. I claim for it simply
the power to do the people's will as required
by the people in their written Constitution and
enjoined by their oaths.
It does not result, beeause we deny the power
of the Executive to sit in judicial judgment
upon the legislation of Congress, that uncon-
stitutional enactments, abuses of power, usurp-
ations of authority, and corrupt practices on
the part of a Congress, are without remedy.
The first, remedy under your Constitution is in
the courts of the United >States, in the mode
and manner prescribed by your Constitution:
and the Inst great remedy imderyour Constitu-
tion is with the peoj'le that ordain constitu-
tions, that appoint Senators, that elect Houses
of Representatives, that establish courts of
justice, and abolish them at their pleasure.
The gentleman can alarm nobody by talking
about an omnipotent Congress. If the Con-
gress abuse its trust let it be held to answer
for tlmt abuse; but let the Congress answer
somewhere else than to the President of the
United States. Your Constitution has declared
that they shall answer to no man for their
legislation or for their words ut tered in debate,
save to the respective Houses to which they
belong, and to that great people who appoint
them.
That is my answer to the gentleman's clamor
about an omnipotent Congress. Among the
American people there is nothing omnipotent,
and nothing eternal but, God, and no law save
His and the laws of their own creation, sub-
ject, to the requirements of those laws to which
the gentleman so eloquently referred the other
day, which ho wrote upon the stone table
amid the earthquake and the darkness of the
mountain, and a part of which, 1 deeply regret
to say, the gentleman, in his eloquent discourse,
both forgot and broke. We are the keepers
of our own conscience. Jt was well enough
for the gentleman to remind the Senators of
the obligations of their oath. It was well
enough for the gentleman to suggest to them,
so elegantly as he did, the significance of
those great words, "justice, law, oath, duty."
It was well enough for him to repeat in the
hearing of the Senate and in the hearing of
this listening audience those grand words of
the common Father of us all, '• Thou shalt not
take the name of the Lord thy God in vain."
But it was not well for the gentleman, in the
heat and fire of his argument, to pronounce
judgment upon the Senate, to pronounce judg-
ment upon the House of Representatives, and
to say, as he did say, that, unmindful of the
obligations of our oaths, regardless of the re-
quirements of the Constitution, forgetful of,
God and forgetful of the rights of ouy fellow-
men, in the spirit of hate, we had preferred
these articles of impeachment..
It was not well for the gentleman, either, to
intimate that the Senate of the United States
had exercised a power that did not belong to
them, when, in response to the message of the
President of the United States of the 21st of
February, 18G8, they had resolved that the act
done by the President and communicated to
the Senate, to wit, the removal of the head of
a Department and the appointment of a suc-
cessor thereto without the advice and consent
of the Senate, was not authorized by the Con-
stitution and laws. It was the duty of the
Senate, if they had any opinion upon the sub-
ject, to express it; and it is not for the Presi-
dent of the United States, either in his own
person or in the person of his counsel, to chal-
lenge the Senate as disqualified to sit in judg-
ment under the Constitution as his triers upon
articles of impeachment, because, in the dis-
charge of another duty, they had pronounced
against him. They pronounced aright. The
people of the United States will sanction their
judgment whatever the Senate may think of it
themselves.
Senators, that all that I have said in this gen-
eral way of the power assumed and exercised
by the President, and attempted to be justified
hero is directly involved in this issue, and
underlies this whole question between the
people and tins guilty President, no man can
gainsay.
1. He stands charged with a misdemeanor
in ollice in that he issued an order in writing
for the removal of the Secretary of War during
the session of the Senate, without its advice
and consent, in direct violation of express law,
and with intent to violate the law.
2. He stands charged, during the session of
the Senate, without its advice or consent, in
direct violation of the express letter of the
Constitution and of the act, of .March 2, 1807,
with issuing a letter of authority to one Lorenzo
Thomas, authorizing him and commanding him
to assume and exercise the functions of Sccre-
! tary for the Department of War.
IS. He stands charged with an unlawful con-
spiracy to hinder the Secretary of War from
holding the office, in violation of the law, in
violation of the Constitution, in violation of
his own oath, and with the further conspiracy
to prevent the execution of the tenure-of-office
act, in direct, violation of his oath as well as ill
direct \iolation of the express provisions of
your stalute; and to prevent, also, the Secre-
tary of War from holding the ollice of Secre-
tary for the Department of War ; and with the
further conspiracy, by force, threat, or intimi-
dation, to possess the property of the United
States and unlawfully control the same con-
tiary to the act of July 20, 1801.
He stands charged further with an unlawful
attempt to influence Major General Emory to
disregaid the requirements of the act making
appropriations for the support of the Army,
passed .March 2, 1807, and which expressly
provides that a violation of its provisions shall
I be a high crime and misdemeanor in oiiiee.
jl He stands further charged with a high mis-
H demeanor in this, that on the 18th day of Au-
!j gust. 1800, by public speech lie attempted to
|j excite resistance to the Thirty-Ninth Congress
and to the laws of its enactment.
j lie stands further charged with a high mis-
| demeanor in this, that he did affirm that the
| Thirty-Ninth Congress was not a Congress of
I the United States, thereby denying andintend-
1 ing to deny the validity of its legislation except
I in so far as he saw fit to approve it, and deny-
ing its power to propose an amendment to the
i! Constitution of the United States; with devis-
li ing and contriving means by which he should
prevent the Secretary of War, as required by
the act of the 2d of March, 1867, from resum-
ing forthwith the functions of his office, after
having suspended him and after the refusal of
the Senate to concur in the suspension; and
with further devising and contriving to prevent
the execution of an act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army, passed
March 2, 1867, and further to prevent the exe-
cution of the act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States.
That these several acts so charged are im-
peachable has been shown. To deny that
they are impeachable is, as I have said, to
place the President above the Constitution and
the laws, to change the servant .of the people
into their master, the executor of their laws
into the violator of their laws. The Constitu-
tion has otherwise provided, and so it has been
otherwise interpreted by one of the first writers
upon the law in America ; I refer to the text
of Chancellor Kent, which the gentlemen were
careful not to read :
"In addition to all the precautions which havo
been mentioned to prevent abuse ot' the executive
trust in tho mode of tho president's appointment,
his term of office and the precise and definite limita-
tions imposed upon the exercise of his power, the
Constitution lias also rendered him directly amena-
ble hy law for maladministration. Tlio inviolability
of any officer of Government is incompatible with
tbo republican theory, as well us with the principles
of retributive justice. The President, Vice Presi-
dent, and all civil officers of the United States may
be impeached by the House of Representatives for
treason, bribery, and other hi?li crimes and misde-
meanors. and upon conviction by the Senate re-
moved from office. If, then, neither the sense of
duty, the ioree of public^opinion, nor the transitory
nature of the scat are sufficient to secure a faithful
discharge of tho exeeutivo trust, but the President
will use the authority of his station to violate tho
Constitution or law of the land, the House of Rep-
resentatives can arrest him in his earecr hy resort-
ill^ to the power of impeachment.—1 Kent's Cummcnt-
unen, p. L'8'J.
And what answer is made when wo come to
your bar to impeach them ; when we show him
guilty of maladministration as no mail ever
was before in this country ; when we show that
be has violated your Constitution ; when we
show that he has violated your laws ; when we
show that he has defied the power of the Sen-
ate even after they had admonished him of the
danger that was impending over him? The
answer is, that he is vested with ail unlimited
j prerogative to decide all these questions for
himself, and to suspend even your power of
impeachment in the courts of justice until
some future day, which day may never come,
when it will suit his convenience to test the
validity of your laws and consequently the
uprightness of his own conduct before the Su-
preme Court of the United States. There
never was a balder piece of effrontery prac-
ticed since man was upon the face of the earth.
I care not, if he be President of the United
States, it is simply an insult to human under-
standing to press any such defense in the pres-
| ence of his triers.
! I have said enough and more than enough
| to show that the matter charged against the
! President is impeachable. I waste no words
i upon the frivolous question whether the articles
i have the technical requisites of an indictment.
There is no law anywhere that requites it.
There isnothingin the precedents of the Senate
of the United States, sitting as a high court of
impeachment, but condemns any suggestion of
the kind. I read, however, for the perfection of
my argument rather than for the instruction of
the Senate, from the text of Rawle ou the Con-
stitution, (p. 210,) in which he declares "that
articles of impeachment need not be drawn up
with the precision and strictness of indictments.
It is all-sufficient that the charges be distinct
and intelligible." They are distinct and in-
telligible ; they are well enough understood,
even by the smallest children of the land who
are able to read their mother tongue, that the
President stands charged with usurpation of
power in violation of the Constitution, in vio-
lation of his oath, in violation of the laws;
that he stands charged with an attempt to sub-
vert the Constitution and laws, and usurp to
himself all the powers of the Government
