1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
decided in she affirmative—yeas 106, nays 37,
not voting 4G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Beaton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Broomall, Bueldand, Cake, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Oovodo, Cullom,
Dawes, Dodge, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnswortli,
Forriss, Perry, Fields, Gravely, Halsey, Harding,
Hawkins, Higoy, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester 1).
Hubbard, Hulburd, Huntor, Ingersoll, J" enelces, Judd,
Julian, Koiley, Kelsey, Keteham, Koontz, Lallin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrenoo, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg,
Mercar, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullius, Myers,
Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, I'erham, Pike, Poland,
Polsley, Robertson, Sawyer, Sohenck, Scolield.Selye,
Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Ti'owbridge, Twichell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Welkor, Thomas Williams, James 1?.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen I\ .Wilson, and
Woodbridse—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnes, Beck,
Boyer, Buir, Cary, Chanier, Bldridge, Pox, (jctz,
Glossbrenner, Goliadii.y, Grover, Haight, Ilolman,
Hotchkiss,, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, John-
son, Kn9tt, Marshall, McCormick, MoCullough,
Mungen, Niblaok, Nicholson, Pruyn, Randall, Ross,
Sitgreaves, Tabor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Wood, and Woodward—37.
NOT VOXING—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Baldwin, Barnura, Benjamin, Brooks, Butlor,
Reader W. Clarke, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckloy, Ela,
Finney, Garfield, Gnswold, Asahel W. llubbard,
Jones, Kerr, Kitchen, Lougliridge, Lynch, Maynard,
Miller, Morgan, Morrissey, Newcomb, Peters, I'helps,
Pile, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, llaum, Robinson, Shell-
abarger, Spaldintr, Anion F. .Stevens, Stowart, Stone,
John Trimble. Robert, T. Van Horn, Van Wvck,
Henry D. Wasliburn, William Williams, and Win-
dom—46.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote last taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move that the rules be
suspended in order to allow me to record my
vote on the resolution passed yesterday pro-
viding for the impeachment of the President.
Jlr. THOMAS. 1 ask the same privilege for
myself. In explanation of my absence yes-
terday, I will say that the cars were thrown from
the track, and but for that accident I would
certainly have been in my place yesterday and
voted.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to.
Mr. Koontz and Mr. Tixomas accordingly
recorded their votes in the a0irraative.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. BOUTWELL, who asked unanimous
consent to submit the following resolutions for
consideration at this time:
Resolved, That tlio committeo appointed to pre-
§ are and report articles of impeachment against Au-
rew Johnson, President of the (/nued States, have
leave to sit during the sessions of the House.
Resolved farther, That the Committee on Recon-
struction be authorized to sit during the sessions of
the House.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence indefinitely was granted to
Mr. Stevens, of New Hampshire.
■witiidllawai, op papers.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of Mary Robertson and
others, copies being left.
tennessee election e. It. butler.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. Th  Committee of Elections, to whom
were referred the credentials of Roderick R.
Butler, claiming to be a Representative from
the first congressional district of Tennessee,
and the memorial of Joseph Powell, a citizen
of said district, preferring charges against the
loyalty of said Butler, have instructed me to
report a joint resolution, accompanied by a
report in writing. I move that the report be
laid on the table, and be printed. If there is
no objection, I would like to have the joint res-
olution considered at this time; if there is ob-
jection I will not press it now.
The joint resolution, which was read, provides
that R. R. Butler, Representative-elect from
the first congressional district of Tennessee,
be admitted to his seat upon taking the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and upon taking so much of the oath
prescribed by the act entitled "An act to pre-
scribe an oath of office, and for otherpurposes,"
approved February 2, 1862, as is not included
in the following words: "That I have never
sought nor accepted, nor attempted to exercise
the functions of, any office whatever, under any
authority or pretended authority in hostility, to
the United States."
The SPEAKER. This resolution is before
the House as a question of privilege ; but the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
states that lie will not press its consideration
now if there be any objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of making any objection, but to ask the
yeas and nays on the passage of the resolu-
tion, as this is an important question,
v, Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to inquire whether
this is a resolution proposing to waive in a
particular case the requirements of the test-
oath act.
Several Members. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 object, then, to its con-
sideration at this time. Let it go over and be
printed.
Mr. DAWES. I have already stated to ^he
House that if any gentleman desired that the
resolution should be printed and considered at
a future time C would make no objection to
that course.
. Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire tliat
the resolution shall be printed for considera-
tion at a future time.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
ordered to bo printed, and will bo laid on the
table, subjcct to be called up at any time by
the gentleman from Massachusetts when no
other business is before the House.
l'ay of john young bitown.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the rules be suspended, and that
the following be made an order of this Houso:
WhoreasJohnYoungBrown,claiming to be aRep-
resentativo in Congress from the State of Kontucky,
was denied a scat as such by the judgment of this
House, on account of his having voluntarily given
aid, countenance, counsel, and encouragement to
persons engaged in armed hostility to the United
States: Therefore,
Resolved, That the resolution this day passed au-
thorizing the payment to said Brown of the sum of
$2,500, for his " time spent and expenses incurred in
prosecuting his claim to such seat," bo, and is hereby,
rescinded and repealed.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order.
The resolution which it is now proposed to
repeal was adopted by the House and a motion
to reconsider was laid on the table. I submit,
therefore, that it is beyond the power of this
House to rescind that lesolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that a
motion to rccousider the resolution having been
made and laid on the table, that action of the
House cannot by a majority vote be reconsid-
ered. But any order of the House embraced
in a resolution can bo repealed by another res-
olution, which may be offered atany time when
resolutions are in order. It is not in order at
this time for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sehenck] to offer a resolution, and therefore
he ruoves to suspend the rules to adopt this
resolution. The Chair desires to state thatif,
since the adoption of the resolution this morn-
ing, the money voted by it has been drawn,
then it would be 
Mr. RANDALL. Gone!
TheSPEAKER. Itwouldbegone. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. If the money lias been
drawn it has been paid in the face of a notice
which I gave to the Clerk that I would intro-
duce this rescinding resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
whether the money has been drawn or not. He
has no knowledge on the subject. His remark
on that point was suggested by the point raised
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall. ]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When the resolution oa
this subject had been adopted this morning a
motion to reconsider was made and laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. That point, has already
been suggested by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] and the Chair has
stated that, while it is beyond the power of the
House to reconsider that action, any order of
the House embodied in a resolution can be
rescinded by a subsequent resolution, unless
some right accruing has been taken advantage
of. Therefore the Chair stated that, if the
money had been drawn under the resolution
adopted this morning, this rescinding resolu-
tion, even if adopted, would be a nullity.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be in order to
move an amendment .to the resolution, So as
to embrace the other rejected members?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the rules
were suspended and the gentleman from Ohio
yielded for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not do wrong because the
gentleman from Ohio has.
Mr. RANDALL. I will do equal and exact
justice to all.
Mr._ SCHENCK. Immediately after %
adoption of the resolution to pay John Young
Brown gentlemen on the other side voted with
perfect unanimity against paying loyal men
who came here claiming seats. I voted against
both.
Mr. DAWES. I do not expect to govern
my conduct by any such rule as that.
Mr. RANDALL. I only want to do what
is just, and I do not mean to be diverted from
so doing by the remark of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken ; this side was not unanimous.
The SPEAKER. There is but one vote, the
vote suspending the rules making the order at
the lutie time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would it not be better
to suspend the rules and deprive the minority
of this House of all riglits whatever?
Mr. ROSS and Mr. RANDALL. That has
been done already.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does not the suspension
of the rules also cut us off from calling the
yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. That is a provision of the
Constitution of the United States, that one fifth
of those present can demand the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays 75, not voting
52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Beatty, Benton,Bingham. Boutwell, Broom-
all, Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cor-
nell, Covode, Cullom, Dodge. Eggleston, Eliot. Farns-
worth, Fernss Fields, Gravely, Harding, Higby, Hill,
Chestor D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ilunter, Ingersoll,
Judcl, lvelley, Kelsey, William Lawrencc, Loan, Mc-
Carthy, Moore, Mulling, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pile,
Polsiey, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Sehenck, Seiyc,
Stephen F. Wilhon—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Axtell,
Bailey, Bunks, Barnes, JJanium, Beck, Blair, Boyer,
Bromwdl, Brooks, Burr, Cary. Chanier, Churchill,
Cook, I)awcs,Dngg.sEldrid?o, Fox, Getz,Glossbren-
ner, Goiladay, Grover. Haicrht, Hawkins. Ilolman,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Jenekes, Johnson, Kerr, Keteham, Knott,
lvoontz Lauin, George V . Lawrence, Lincoln, Mal-
lory, McCormick, McCullough, Mercur, Moorhead,
Morrcli Mungen, Myers, Niblack,Nicholson,O'Neill,
Poland, 1 ruyn, Pi.amlaU, Pvobertson. Ross, Seofield,
oit^reaves. Smith, Stnrkweathor, Stewart, Taber,
Xhomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Van
Auken, \ an Iruuip, WUUam 15. Washburn. John X.
-Ur?m'^^o o d b r i d g e, and Woodward—75.
* i OriNG-—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M
Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine,Buckland,Reader
• Clarke, D.xon Donnelly, Eckley, Ela,Perry, Fin-
ney Garfield. Gnswold, Halsey, Hooper. Asahel \V
H ii hnon,i I a TT .* i . L _. r -i *
SLkei ■} Pla^s- Pomeroy, Robinson! ShelYabarsrer!
ihaddeus Stevens, fetone, John Trimble, Robert T.
