1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2451
tricts in the South, would it not be more
manly, equally just, and present your claims
more intelligently, if you would allow the ten
States embraced in those districts to remain, as
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevbxs] says they now are, waste,
outlying provinces, conquered territories, till
after the November election, and send your
bureau agents or other suitable emissaries
into the States of New York, Pennsylvania,
and Indiana, on the first Tuesday in November
next; and in the presence of all the people
thereof burn up the ballot-boxes and ballots,
on the claim that you have a right to deprive
the Democratic candidate for the Presidency
of that number of votes, to set off the political
power of these territorial dependencies which
you claim to own and control by right of con-
quest. The people would understand that issue
and have something to say aboutit; yet that is
precisely what you are doing now in an indi-
rect way, and the people are beginning to open
their eyes to the truth of it.
I know this Congress thinks it is omnipo-
tent. It is nearly so. It has acted as though
it was, in spite of the decision of the highest
judicial tribunal in the land.; a tribunal made
coordinate in power and authority with Con-
gress by the Constitution ; a tribunal erected
as a barrier against legislative usurpation on
the rights of the States and the people; a tri-
bunal whose exposition of the Constitution has
always been deemed to be binding and con-
clusive on all the departments of the Govern-
ment. Congress in these so-called reconstruc-
tion acts, in time of profound peace, nearly
two years after the last hostile arm had been
raised, and long after it, by its own legislation,
recognized the war as ended, subordinated the
civil to the military power, suspended the
habeas corpus, struck down the trial by jury,
declared all civil government at an end, and
in all things civil and political substituted its
will and orders, and the will and orders of its
agents for the will and the acts of the people
themselves. It can impeach the Chief Execu-
tive Magistrate, elected by the people, without
cause or because he is an obstruction in its
onward inarch to power. It can withdraw the
authority from the Supreme Court to question
any act of outrage committed by its servants
on any of the people of the South. In short,
it is almost omnipotent, or seems to be so. But
there is one appeal left. Presidents, courts,
States, and citizens may be stricken down by
those in power, but the servant is not above
his master ; he has to retire after a term from
these Halls, and give an account of his steward-
ship to those who sent him. The majority here
will then find before that court of last resort
that all their acts will be reversed and annulled;
that the Constitution is still the supreme law ;
that all their doings here are known and dis-
approved; that this is a white man's Govern-
ment, aud because they have sought to subvert
it they have been weighed in the balances and
found wanting. The handwriting is upon the
wall, the Mene, mene, tekel, upharsin is seen
and understood; and the guilty Belshazzar did
not tremble more at the recorded verdict of
olfended Heaven than do the Radical leaders
now, when called to faee an indignant and out-
raged people whose trusts they have betrayed,
whose liberties they have sought to subvert,
and whose rights they have trampled under foot
in violation of their known and expressed will.
The people will take the matter into their
own hands. They will want to know why ten
States of this Union are kept under a military
despotism and prevented from contributing
their share toward the revenue of the country.
They will want to know why millions of white
people are disfranchised and millions of dol-
lars are taken out of the Treasury 'for the pur-
pose of holding them in armed subjugation to
the ignorant negroes. They will do away with
your reconstruction laws, your conquered prov-
inces, aud your disjointed Union. They will
remove the obstructions from these Halls.
Tbey will insist upon the restoration of the
equality, liberty, and fraternity, of a white
man's Government, from whose administra-
tion the negro and all his advocates shall be
excluded.
I see that my time is out. I have stated my
objections imperfectly, for the reason, first, that
we are without the information called for from
the Secretary of War and the General of the
Army; secondly, because of the great mass
of matter and tiie short time in which I have
been compelled to consider it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
let me ask him a question?
Mr. BECK. I have surrendered the floor,
but I will answer the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has three
minutes left.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
gentleman to base his argument chiefly on his
denial of the light of the black man to partici-
pate in the Government. I ask him if the
black men were to vote the Democratic ticket
whether he would not somewhat mollify his
objection to their participation in the Govern-
ment ?
Mr. BECK. No, sir; not in the slightest.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise to discuss the main topic now under con-
sideration, but to notice a reference to Ohio
made by the gentleman who has just taken his
seat, [Mr. Beck.] He claims that it is obliga-
tory 011 the Ohio delegation in this House to
take his view of this bill, because our Ohio
Legislature has lately sent resolutions here in-
structing or at least requesting all the Ohio
members of this House to vote against all the
reconstruction bills. Now, I admit we ought
to pay great deference to the expressions of
opinion of our State Legislatures, provided
those Legislatures are by their conduct entitled
to our respect. While I repudiate the doc-
trine that a State Legislature has a right to give
any binding instructions to the members of
this House, I still admit that we ought to listen
with respect to all respectable Legislatures.
But in answering the gentleman's argument, I
raise the question whether the present Demo-
cratic Legislature of Ohio is entitled by its
character and conduct to instruct any Repre-
sentative in Congress. In order to settle that
question, I beg leave briefly to cite a few of
the leading acts of that body. We will then
be able to see whether they are entitled to the
confidence or contempt of this body and of the
country.
By some strange inscrutable dispensation of
Providence—-perhaps to make the victory of
the party of freedom more certain at the next
election—for the first time in ten years the
State of Ohio has been cursed by a Demo-
cratic Legislature, and it became Democratic
by a very small majoritj'. Although the Re-
publicans carried the Governor and State offi-
cers, yet, by the arrangement of representation
provided for in the State constitution made by
the Democratic party when they were in power,
it so happens that they were enabled to get a
majority in the Legislature this year. That
Legislature assembled, and one of its first acts
was to take from the Lieutenant Governor the
power which that officer has exercised for many
years, of appointing committees in the the State
Senate, and put the appointment ofall the com-
mittees into the hands of the Senate itself, thus
making all the committees very strongly Dem-
ocratic. Of course, they also made all the
committees in the House strongly Democratic,
so that every committee in the General Assem-
bly now speaks only the voice of the Democ-
racy of the State.
The first legislation of any importance was
an act pretending and attempting to withdraw
the consent of the State of Ohio to the four-
teenth article of amendment to the Constitu-
tion which, among other things, prohibits for-
ever the assumption of any part of the rebel
debt, and the repudiation of any part of the
Federal debt. Of course, the act is a nullity,
but it nevertheless exhibits the temper, spirit,
and character of that Democratic Legislature.
The next thing of any considerable import-
ance that they did was to remodel the muni-
cipal laws of the leading Republican cities of
the State^ so as to force upon them a Demo-
cratic police. For instance, the city of Cleve-
land, with an overwhelming Republican major-
ity, has been compelled by that Legislature
to receive a police system not of its own
choosing, but in the highest degree offensive to
its citizens.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman's remarks, not being pertinent
to the question before the House, are not in
order. The Legislature of Ohio represent the
people of that State.
Mr. UPSON. 1 call the gentleman to order.
A point of order is not debatable.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Boyer
in the chair.) The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. This subject was really
the wire ou which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Jiff. Beck] strung his speech. I am,
therefore, directly responding to the gentle-
man's argument. After foisting upon these
Republican cities an unwelcome and partisan
police the Legislatuie proceeded to act upon
this very subject of colored suffrage which is
now under discussion.
Mr. MORGAN. I insist that the gentle-
man shall confine himself to the subject-maltcr
before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order. The gentleman
should confine his remarks to the subject before
the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will undertake to do
that. The chief point that has been discussed
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck J
is the question of negro suffrage in the south-
ern States, and he has illustrated his argument
by reference to the action of the Legislature
of Ohio on that very subject. Now, 1 want to
say what that legislative action has been on the
question of voting, and negro voting, too, and
that certainly cannot be out of order. The
Legislature of my State has sent instructions
to me and to my colleagues in regard to the
subject of negro suffrage. Now, that Legisla-
ture has passed a law on the subject of negro
voting, which shows the temper, spirit, and
meaning of our instructors. To discuss that
law, I hold, is strictly in order.
Mr. MORGAN. I call the gentleman to
order. I shall be happy at the proper time to
discuss the action of the Ohio Legislature with
my friend, but this is not the proper time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the point of order is not well taken,
inasmuch as the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] made allusions in the course of
his speech which justify the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1" am much obliged to the
Chair. It has long been the undisputed decision
of the supreme court of Ohio thot any person
who has more white blood in his veins than
black blood is entitled to vote under our con-
stitution, in which the word " white" occurs as
limiting the suffrage. That decision was made
in the better days of the Democracy by a
Democratic bench, and has been, I believe,
undisturbed and unquestioned for thirty years.
Now, the present Legislature passed a law
known as "The visible admixture law," which
provides that any man having a visible admix-
ture of African blood shall not be permitted to
vote ; and in order to test who it is that has a
visible admixture of African blood in his veins,
that not being a fact which always appears on
the surface and to the naked eye—since com-
plexions differ so much—that law provides:
"That it bhali by tli-o duty of the judges of election
to challenge any person offering to vote at any elec-
tion held under any law of this State, having a dis-
tinct and visible admixture of African blood, and
shall tender to him the toilowingroathoraffirmation:
'You do solemnly swear (or aftiria) that you will, to
the best of your knowledge and belief, fall and true
answers make to such questions as u y be put to you
touehingyour qualifications asan elector, and there-
upon the said judses, or one of them, sbsmput to him
the following questions: 1-What is your age. 2.
Whore were yuu horn? 3. W>.re your parents mar-
ried , and did they live foifetherasmaa ana who? 4.
Had your p&rs&ts, or^itlier of them a visible ana
