1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8475
partly to the inquiry of the Senator from
Oregon. It is within my knowledge that before
the creation of this office it was the habit of
the Navy Department to employ counsel and
pay them fees. The Senate will see at once
that that was hardly an economical proceed-
ing ; that the fees of counsel in individual
cases, if there were many of them, would be
much more than a reasonable salary. I think it
was thatuneeonomical proceeding which finally
led to the creation of this office. I believe the
office since it has been created has been found
to be useful, and I have understood that there
is still a great deal of business at the Depart-
ment for this officer, and which, if he is not
continued there, must devolve upon some paid
counsel.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will offer an amend-
ment to carry out the purpose of the Senator
from New Jersey, to insert at the close of the
paragraph proposed to be amended, in lieu of
his amendment, these words:
For Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate General,
S3,000: Provided, Said office shall expire with the
fiscal year ending June 30,18G9.
If we make appropriation for one year we
continue the office by the practice of the Gov-
ernment, and next year it will be considered a
permanent office. If the Senate think it can
be dispensed with at the end of the year, ietus
say so. The continuation of the appropriation
will continue the office.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio. I do not know why
we should a year in advance of the period fixed
in this amendment, and when there is to be an
intervening session of Congress, undertake to
determine that this office shall cease on the
30th day of June, 1869. 1 do not understand
this seeming opposition to the appropriation
for this office, an office, manifestly upon the
statement made here, that conduces to a sav-
ing of the public money. Why there should be
such an anxiety among Senators to abolish it
and get rid of it I cannot comprehend. It
seems to me to be a very good exemplification
of the penny-wise and pound foolish policy. I
hope that the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio will not be adopted, but that we shall
leave that question to the next session to be
determined.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will only add
to what the Senator fiom Missouri has said,
that I do not see any propriety in reducing the
compensation of this officer when the Senator
from Ohio has just been introducing a bill to
increase the salaries of others.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 did notkuowl reduced it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Three thousand
five hundred dollars is the salary fixed by law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not mean to decrease
the amount, I meant to put the amount the
same. I intended to take the Senator at his
word ; he said the office was only needed for a
year longer.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This office was
created by an act of 2d March, 1865, to con-
tinue during the rebellion and for one year
thereafter, so that the office is only continued
alive by the appropriation ; and there is no
necessity forputtingin an affirmative provision
that it shall not exist next year, because we
may want it to exist next year the same as we
do this year. Itdepends on what arrangement
is made in reference to the Attorney General's
department. I think, therefore, we had better
leave it under the existing laws.
Mr. CONKLING. .Allow me to say to the
Senator from New Jersey that I think he will
find that under the practice of the Govern-
ment (if there is anything in the suggestion
that making the appropriation without the
restriction will make the office permanent) that
i esult has occurred already. As I understand,
two years at least since the office expired by
law appropriations have been made without
the proviso. Therefore if the effect of the
amendment offered by the Senator from New
Jersey would be to perpetuate the office that
effect has already been produced by previous
appropriations such as he proposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York will allow me to inquire of him in that
connection what will be the effect of appropri-
ating $150,000 year by year for temporary
clerks. Will that make them permanent, too?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; and I do not
suppose this appropriation makes this office
permanent. I only suggested that if it were
so, that the simple act of appropriating petri-
fied the office, that effect would have been
produced already, because for two years at
least, according to my recollection, just such
an appropriation has been made. I do not
wish to be understood as saying that I think
it would have that effect, or would have had
the effect if it had been offered a year or two
years ago.
Mr. COLE. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations perhaps I ought to act
with the committee in this matter; butitiscer-
tainly my opinion that the solicitor of the Navy
Department is a useful officer to the Govern-
ment, and that his services have resulted in
saving large sums to the Government. If lie
is a faithful officer there can be no question
but that his advice to the Secretary of the
Navy is useful in many cases; and 1 believe
the present incumbent—a person, by the way,
with whom I have no acquaintance, whom I
only know by sight—is a faithful officer, and
I cannot but regard his position as one of
great utility and saving to the Government.
I believe to continue the office will be an act
of economy and not of waste.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have an amendment
that 1 wish to propose.
Mr. CONNESS. I would like to know if
the Senator will give way for a motion to ad-
journ? It is half past five.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My amendment will
only take a miuute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Other committees have
amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there shall be any
debate about this 1 will give way to a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me to offer an amendment, to have
it referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator cannot
wait until I get through with this I will yield.
[Laughter.] On page 32 I move to amend the
seven hundred and fifty-eighth fine by striking
out ''three" and inserting "four," and the
seven hundred and sixtieth line by striking
out "two" and inserting "one." The effect
is to transfer one clerk from class three to class
four in the office of the Paymaster General.
I have a letter here addressed to the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations request-
ing that that be done. There is a very con-
siderable reduction of force in that office ; it
has been reduced two clerks in class three, two
in class two, and four in class one, and four
messengers, by the consent of the Paymaster
General; but he requests that there maybe
one other clerk of class four. His reason is
that one clerk in the office has charge of a room,
and ought to be put upon the same level with
others having the same duty to perform. I
presume there is no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amount of the
appropriation should now be changed, la line
seven hundred and fifty-eight " $5,400" should
be changed to " $7,200," and in line seven
hundred and sixty "$3,200" shouldbe changed
to " $1,600." 1 move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to correct the
text of the bill in pursuance of the vote of the
Senate the day before yesterday, by inserting
in line three hundred and forty-seven, page 15,
after the words "Secretary of State," the
words, ''Second Assistant Secretary of State,
examiner of claims." I do this under direc-
tion of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
I will say nothing about it, for the whole matter
has been discussed fully.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That makes it
conform to our vote of the other day.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. At the same time the chair-
man of the committee will take notice that
there must be an amendment m line three hun-
dred and fifty-one, as to the sum appropriated,
by adding the salaries of those two officers.
One is $3,000 and the other $3,500.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
ment will be reported now.
Mr. SUMNER. In line three hundred and
fifty-one " $57,080" should read "$03,880."
I move that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Adding $6,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment from the Committee on Agriculture. On
page 4-1, line tea hundred and sixty-seven, I
move to strike out the word "five" and insert
"twelve;" so as to make the clause read:
For grading, foriningroadsand walks, and improv-
ing the grounds, $12,000.
My amendment raises from $5,000 to $12,000
the appropriation for improving the grounds
around tlie new Agricultural Department build-
ing. It is a new building, as the Senate is
aware. 'This appropriation is for the prepara-
tion of the grounds, draining, paving, and mak-
ing necessary improvements. It will only be
required once, for the improvements will be
permanent when made. It is necessary to
have this sum at present.
I api willing to save money, and I propose
to strike out "five," on page 43, line tea
hundred and fifty-five. There is an appropri-
ation there of $25,000 for seeds, and I think it
is larger than necessary ; I am perfectly will-
ing to take $20,000.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the first amendment of the Senator,
in line ten hundred and sixty-seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I move to strike
out "five," so as to reduce the appropriation
for seeds, in line ten hundred and fifty-five,
from $.2-3.000 to $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. On page 5i, after line
thirteen hundred and ten, I move to insert:
And that the district attorney for Nevada shall
receive a i.d.uy for extra services of $200 per annum ;
and the Seciotary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to audit and pay out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated of salaries of
the present incumbent and his predecessor, R. M.
Clark, at the rate of $200 per annum for their ser-
vices.
I am directed to offer this amendment by the
Judiciary Committee. By an omission in the
law the usual $200 salary is not allowed to the
district attorney for Nevada.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think there is
some mistake about this. My recollection is
that this district attorney now gets all the com-
pensation that other district attorneys get.
There is a uniform compensation for all the
district attorneys of the United States except in
California.
Mr. STEWART. No ; he does not get any
salary whatever. I can state the precise situa-
tion of the case. Ill California, by a special
law, the district attorney is allowed double fees
and $500 salary. In Oregon the district attor-
ney has double fees and the usual salary of $200,
the same as the district attorneys get generally.
In Nevada double fees are allowed, but the
salary has been left off entirely, so that the
district attorney gets no salary. I have a letter
in my hand from the Secretary of the treasury
