1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
thur authors but the community at large, and I
we shall iind that publications were put forth ,
with such takingtitles as these: " Tradesman's '!
jewel, or a sate, easy, speedy, and effectual \
means for the incredible advancement of trade
and multiplication of riches by making bills
become current instead of money;" and "An
easy plan for raising revenue without taxes by
creating banks," and other books with similar
titles, which (airly state the purport of their
contents. Every student of history knows that
in those times such schemes as these were act- ;
ually put in the process of experiment, and that: j
for a time the interests of society seemed im-
mensely to flourish thereby ; trade was brisk,
labor in great demand, prices high, and every-
body rejoiced in what was supposed to be an
industrial and commercial millennium. But it
was soon found that there was as inflexible a
moral law of the universe controlling the opera-
tions of men as there were natural laws which
certainly punish in the end any transgression of |
their rules; and the bubble burst, and the gen-
eral result was that both the poor and the rich
(who had generally by that time become poor
themselves) were involved in much greater
distress and depression than they ever had been
before.
Somewhat later, but in the same line of
reasoning, if it can be called such, it was
attempted to be maintained in England, when
the question of the weight and denomination
of her coins was under consideration, that the
value of coins depends on the stamp affixed to
them by Government, and consequently money
may be of as much value to all intents ftnd
purposes when it is coined lighter; which is
another method of stating the proposition that
is now again advanced, that the promise of
Government to pay in something besides specie
is just as good as the specie itself, because it
has the stamp of the Government upon the
paper. " This gross and unaccountable error,"
says the celebrated Mr. McCulloch, of Great
Britain, "destroyed the influence of tracts and
publications on the subject of finance which
would otherwise have been valuable." On the
other hand, during the same period men of the
highest reputation for intellectual ability and
for learning, and who had studied the philosophy
of government and of trade, maintained that
the universal equivalent and representative of
all things relating to the pecuniary transactions
of men must be that metal, in whatever form
or denomination it might be put, which, by the
common consent of mankind the world over,
was the most precious and the least change-
able, namely, gold or silver; and that there
•could of necessity be no new or royal road to
prosperity by the emission of promises to pay.
John Locke, whose works I believe are con-
ceded to be a boon to mankind, speaking on
this subject, furnishes the key to the whole
problem of our industrial and pecuniary con-
dition. If we but ponder and earnestly act
upon it there will be little need of fear or dis-
pute on the subject I am specially discussing.
He says:
"A kingdom grows rich or poor just as a farmer
doth, and no otherwise. Let us suppose the wh.ole
Isle ot Portland que farm, and tbat the owner, be-
sides whatserveshis family, carries to market to Wey-
mouth, and Dorchester, &c., cattle, corn, butter,
ehcese, wool or cloth, lead, and tin, all commodities
pioduced and wrought within his farm at Portland, :
to the valueof £l,000yearly, and forthis brines home 1
1I£-?i(rn' Wlne> sPice, linen, and silks to the value
of £JOO, and the remaining £100in money. Itisevi- j
dent he grows every year £100 richer, and so at the
end of ten years will have clearly got £1,000. If the 1
owner be a better hutband, and, contenting himself ;
with his native commodities, buy less wine,spice, and
giik at market, and so bring home £500 in money !
yearly, instead ot £1,000 at the end of ten years he ■
will have £o,000 by him, and be so much richer. He ]
dies, and his son succeeds—a fashionable young gen-
tleman that cannot dine without Champagne and
Burgundy, nor sleep but in a damask bed, whose wife
must spread a long train of brocade, and his children
be always in the newest French cut and stuff; he.
being come to the estate, keeps on a very busy fam-
ily; the markets are weekly frequented, and the
commodities of his farm carried out and sold as for-
merly, but the returns are made something different.
The fashionable way of eating, drinking, furniture, i
and clothing for himseif and family requires" more
sugar and spiee.wineandfruit, silk and ribbons than
in his father's time; so th&t instead of £900 per an-
num he now brings home of consumable commodi-
ties to the value of £1,100 yearly. What comes of
this? He lives in splendor, it is true; but this una-
voidably carries away the money his father got, and
he is every year £100 poorer. To his expenses be-
yond his income add debauchery, idleness, and quar-
rels among his servants, whereby his manufactures
are disturbed and his business neglected, and a gen-
eral disorder and confusion through his whole family
and farm. This will tumble him down the hill the
faster, and the stock which the industry, frugality,
and good order of his father had laid up will be
?uickly brought to an end, and he fast in prison. A
arm and a kingdom, in this respect, differ no more
than as greater or less. We may trade and be busy
and grow poor by it unless we regulate our expenses.
If to this we are idle, negligent, dishonest, malicious,
and disturb the sober and industrious in their busi-
ness, let it be upon what pretense it will, we shall
run the faster."—Locke's Worke, London edition of
1801, pages 19, 20.
Again he says:
" The necessity, therefore, of a proportion of money
to trade depends on money, not as counters, for the
reckoning may bekept or transferred bywriting, but
on money as a pledge, which writing cannot supply
the place of: since the bill, bond, or other note of
debt I receive from one man will not be accepted as
security by another, he not knowing that the bill or
bond is true or legal, or that the man bound to me is
honest or responsible, and so is not valuable enough
to become a current pledge, nor can it by public
authority be well made so, as in the case of assigning
of bills; because a law cannot give to bills that in-
trinsic value which the universal consent of mankind
has annexed to silver and gold."—Ibid., page 22.
Again, writing on the subject of the proposed
raising of the denomination of money in Great
Britain, which was proposed with a view to
prevent the exportation of specie from that
country and to relieve the burdens upon indus-
try, he says:
"All, then, that can be done in this great mystery
of raising money is only to alter the denomination,
and call that a crown now which before, by the law,
was but a part of a crown. For example: supposing,
according to the standard of our law, five shillings or
a erown were to weigh an ounce, (as it does now,
wanting about sixteen grains,) whereof one twelfth
Were copper and eleven twelfths silver, (for there-
abouts it is,) it is plain here it is the quantity of sil-
ver gives the value to it. For, let another piece be
coined of the same weight, wherein half the silver is
taken out, and copper or other alloy put into the
place, everyone knows it will bo worth but half as
much; for the value of the alloy is so inconsiderable
as not to be reckoned. This crown now must be
raised, and from henceforth our crown-pieces coined
one twentieth lighter; whichisnothingbut changing
the denomination, callinc; that a crown now which
yesterday was butapart, namely, nineteen twentieths
of a crown; whereby you have only raised nineteen
parts to the denomination formerly given to twenty.
For I think nobody can be so senseless as to imagine
that nineteen grains or ounces of silvercan be raised
to the value of twenty; or that nineteen grains or
ounces of silver shall at the same time exchange for
or buy as much corn, oil, or wine as twenty, which is
to raise it to the value of twenty. For if nineteen
ounces of silver can be worth twenty ounces of silver,
or pay for as mueh of any other commodity, then
eighteen, ten, or one ounce may do the same. For if
the abating one twentieth of the quantity of the silver
of any coin does not lessen its value, the abating
nineteen twentieths of the quantity of the silver of
any coin will not abate its value. And so a single
threepence or a single penny being called a crown
will buy as much spice or silk or any other commod-
ity as a crown-piece, which contains twenty or sixty
times as much silver, which is an absurdity so great
that I think nobody will want eyes to see ajid sense
to disown."—Ibid., page 83.
The application of these observations to the
proposition to imprint upon a piece of paper
the word "dollar" with the expectation of ]
making it a dollar will be easily seen. Dis- ;
cussing the same subject he defines and |
explains most clearly the true nature of money
as follows: j
"Silver is the instrument and measure of com-
merce in all the civilized and trading parts of the
world.
" It is the instrument of commerce by its intrinsic
value.
"The intrinsic value of silver, considered as money, ,
is that estimate which common Consent has placed on
it, whereby it is made equivalent to all other things,
and consequently is the universal barter or exchange
which men give and receive for other things they
would purchase or part with for a valuable consid- i
eration; and thus, as the wise man tells us, money i
answt rs all things. I
"Silver is the measure of commerce by its quantity, i
which is the measure also of its intrinsic value. If
one grain of silver has an intrinsic value in it two
grains of silver has double that intrinsic value, and
three grains treble, and so on proportionably. This
we have daily experience of in common buying and
selling; for if one ounce of silver will buy, i. e. is of
equal value to, one bushel of wheat two ounces of
silver will buy two bushels of the same wheat, i. e.
has double the value.
"Hence it is evident that an equal quantity of sil-
ver is always of equal value to an equal quantity of
silver.
" This common sense as well as the market teaches
us; lor i^lver being all of the same nature and good-
ness, having all the same qualities, it is impossible
but it should in the same quantity have the same
value." * * * *
"By this measure of commerce, namely, the quan-
tity of silver, men measure the value of all other
things. Thus, to measure what the value of lead is to
wheat, arid of cither of them to a certain sort of linen
eloth, the quantity of silver that each is valued at or
sells lor needs only be known; for if a yard of cloth
be sokl for half an ounce of silver, a bushel of wL.eat
for one ounce, and a hundred weight of lead for two
ounces, anyone presently sees and says that a bushel
of wheat is double the value of a yard of that cloth,
and but halt the value of a hundred weight ot lead.
"Some are of opinion that this measure of com-
merce, like all other measures, is arbitrary, and may
at pleasure be varied by putting more or fewer grains
of silver in pieces of a known denomination, namely,
by making a penny or a shilling lighter or heavier in
silverin a country where these are known denomina-
tions of pieces of silver money. But they will be of
another mind when they consider that silver is a
measure of a nature quite different from all other.
The yard or quartmen measure by may rest indiffer-
ently in the buyer'3 or seller'3 or a third person's
hands, it matters not whose it is. But it is not so in
silver: it is the things bargained for as well as tho
measure of the bargain, and in commerce passes fronl
the buyer to the seller as being in such a quantity
equivalentto the thing sold; and soitnot onlymeas-
ures the value of the commodity it is applied to but
is given in exchange tor it as of equal value. But
this it does, as is visible, only by its quantify, and
nothing else; for it must be remembered that silver
is the instrument as well as measure of commerce,
and is given in exchange for the things traded for;
and every one desiring to get as much as he can of
it for any commodity he sells, it is by the quantify of
silver he gets toritin exchange, and by nothing else,
that he measures the value of theeommodityhesells.
"The coining of silver, or making money of it, is
the ascertaining of its quantity by a public maik, thq
better to fit it for commerce."—Ibid., pages lli'J, 1-10,
141.
This is true in practice as to our own gold
and silver coin ; our coins always have been,
and are still, defined by law to contain in each
denomination, be it a dime, a dollar, or an
eagle, a certain named weight of silver or gold.
They do not contain or import any promise to
pay any sum to the holder, nor do they on their
face or by law embrace the idea of any change
into anything else. They are the ultimates of
value, the money of the Government, as dis-
tinguished from the paper promises to pay
money, which the exigencies of the rebellion
induced us to call for certain purposes "law-
ful money."
Again says Mr. Locke:
"Credit will supply the defect of it" (t. e., the
absence of money) "to somesmall degree, for a little
while. But credit being nothing butthe expectation
of money within some limited time, money must be
had or credit will fail."—Ibid., page 148.
Another writer, Mr. Harris, in the middle of
the eighteenth century, whose essays on the
subject have since been standard authority,
says:
"To avoid the great inconveniences of mere barter,
a material or commodity that should be universally
accepted in exchange for all other things was soon
agreed upon; and this is what we call money. As
soon as this invention became established, men reck-
oned the value of their goods by money, aud the terms,
prices, buying and selling came in use; a greater or
less quantity of money going to the purchase of all
things, in proportion to the respective values which
before had been set upon them, as well in rcspect of
that commodity now made money as of one another.
Thus money is a standard measure by which tho
values of all things are regulated and ascertained;
and is itself, at the same time, the value or equiv-
alent by which goods are exchanged, and in which
contracts are made payable. So that money is not
a pledge, to be afterward redeemed, but is both an
equivalent and a measure, being in all contracts
the very thing usually bargained for, as well as the
measure of the bargain."
Again, in speaking of how money differs
from other measures of value and also from
commodities, he says:
" In the idea of money the quality of thematerial
is supposed tobeunchangeablc, and to beunivcrsally
or everywhere the same; and therefore the material
being once fixed or agreed upon, all that is to be
included in the idea of money is the quantity only
of that material, as in other standard measures,
whether of weight or extension; and the only essen-
tial difference betwixt them is this, that money is
not only a measure but also an equivalent, and as such
passes from one to another; while other measures
may rest indifferently in the buyer's or seller's or a
third person's hands, it matters not whose they bo.
"Money also differs from all commodities in this,
that as such its value is permanent or unalterable;
that is, money being the measure of tho values of all
other things, and that, like all other standard meas-
ures, by its quantity only, its own value U to be
deemed invariable; and all contract.- or engagements
are to be deemed fully discharged ar.d satisfied by
