394:
SUPPLEMENT TO
required by the law, report the suspension to the i
Senate, together with the reasons and the evi-
dence on which he made the suspeosion. It is
too late for any man to come before the Senate
and say that the President of the United States
did not himself believe that the Secretary of
War was within the operation of the statute;
that he believed that lie was excepted from its
provisions by the operation of the proviso.
Moreover, his letter to the Secretary of the
Treasury, reciting the eighth section of the
tenure-of-office act, and notifying him that he
had suspended Edwin M. Stanton, was a fur-
ther recognition of the fact on his part that Mr.
Stanton was within the provisions of the act.
But that is not all. His own counsel who
opened the case, [Mr. Curtis,] as will be seen
by a reference to his argument, declares that
there are no express words that bring the
Secretary of War, Edwin M. Stanton, within
the proviso. That is his own position, and
that being so, he must be within the body of
the statute. There is no escape from it.
There has been further argument, however,
on this subject, that the President did not in-
tend to violate the law. If ho believed he was
within the statute, and suspended him under
the statute and by authority of the statute, and
reported in obedience to the statute to the
Senate within the next twenty days, with the
reasons and the evidence upon which he made
the suspension, it will not do to come and say
now that the President did not intend to vio-
late the law, that he did not think it obligatory
upon him. If he did not think it obligatory
upon him, why did he obey it in the first in-
stance—why did he exercise power under it at
all? There is but one answer, Senators, that
can be given, and that answer itself covers the
President with ignominy and shame and re-
proach. It is this: "X will keep my oath; I
will obey the law; 1 will suspend the head of a
Department under it by its express authority
for the first time in the history of the Republic;
I will report the suspension to the Senate, to-
gether with the reasons and the evidence upon
which the suspension was made; and if the
Senate concur in the suspension I will abide
by the law; if the Senate non-concur in the
suspension I will defy the law, and fling my
own record in their face, and tell them that it
is my prerogative to sit in judgment judicially
upon the validity of the statute." That is the
answer, and it is all the answer that can be
made to it by any man.
I admit, Senators, upon this construction of
the law, for i have not yet done with it, that
the President in the first instance, as to the
suspension within the limitation of the law, is
himself the judge of the sufficiency of the
reasons and the evidence in the first instance,
and that he is not to be held impeachable for
any honest error of judgment in coining to that
conclusion. It would bo a gross injustice to
hold him impeachable for any honest error of
judgment in coming to his conclusion that the
Secretary of War was guilty of a misdemeanor
or crime in office, that he had become inca-
pable or legally disqualified to hold the office.
But. the Presideut is responsible if, without
any of the reasons assigned by the law, he
nevertheless availed himself of the power con-
ferred under the law to abuse it and suspend
the Secretary of War though he knew he was
not: disqualified for any reason, though he
knew that there was no colorable excuse for
charging that lie was guilty of misdemeanor
or. crime or that he had become in any manner
legally disqualified; and this is the very crime
changed against him in the eleventh article of
impeachment, that he did attempt to violate
the provisions of the tenure-of-office act in
that he attempted to prevent Edwin M. Stan-
ton,-Secretary of War," from resuming the
functions- of the office or from exercising the
office to which he had been appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate in
direct violation of the provisions of the act itself.
<Now, what are his reasons? The President
is concluded by his record and in the presence
■o£t3ie& effta& "people is 'condemned upon his
record. What are his reasons? Let the Senate
answer when they come to deliberate. What
evidence did he furnish this Senute, in the
communication made to it, that Edwin M.
Stanton had become in any manner disqualified
to discharge the duties of that office? What,
evidence did he furnish the Senate that he had
been guilty of any misdemeanor or crime in
office? What evidence was there that he was
legally disqualified, in the words of the statute?
None whatever. Itresults, therefore, Senators,
that the President of the United States, upon
his own showing, judged by his own record,
suspended Edwin M. Stanton from the office
of the Secretary of War and appointed a suc-
cessor without the presence of any of the
reasons named in the statute, and he is con-
fessedly guilty before the Senate and before
the world, and no man can acquit him.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and, at the expi-
ration of the recess, the Chief Justice resumed
the chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President
and Senators, when the recess was taken I had
said all that I desired, and all that I think
it needful to say, to show that the President
of the United States, himself being witness
upon his own messages sent to the Senate of
the United States, has been guilty, and is guilty,
in manner and form as he stands charged in
the first, second, third, eighth, and eleventh
articles of impeachment. It does seem hard,
Senators, and yet the interest involved in this
question is so great that I do not feel myself
at liberty to fail to utter a word that might,
perhaps, be uttered fitly in this presence in
the cause of the people, but it seems hard to
be compelled to coin one's heart's drops into
thoughts to persuade the Senate of the United
States that a man who stands self-convicted
on their records ought to be pronounced
guilty. It touches the concern of every man
in this country whether the laws are to be
supreme, whether they are to be vindicated,
whether they are to be executed, or whether
at last, after all that has passed before our
eyes, after all the sacrifices that have been
made, after the wonderful salvation that has
been wrought by the sacrifice of blood in the
vindication of the people's laws, their own
Chief Magistrate is to renew the rebellion with
impunity and violate the laws at his pleasure
and set them at defiance.
When the Senate took its recess I had
shown, I think, to the satisfaction of every can-
did mind within the hearing of my voice, that
the President without colorable excuse had
availed himself of the authority conferred for
the first time by the laws of the Republic to
suspend the head of a Department and had
disregarded at the same time its express limit-
ation, which declares that he shall not suspend
him save during the recess of the Senate, and
then only for the reason that from some cause
he has become incapacitated to fill the office,
as by the visitation of Providence, or has be-
come legally disqualified to hold the office, or
is guilty of a misdemeanor or of a crime.
Without the shadow of evidence that your Sec-
retary of War was incapacitated ; without the
shadow of evidence that he was legally disqual-
ified; without the shadow of evidence that he
was guilty ofamisdeuieanororacrime, he dared
to suspend him and to defy the people, in the
presence of the people's tribunes, who hold him
to answer for the violation of his oath, for the
violation of the Constitution, and for the vio-
lation of the law. Senators, whatever may be
the result of this day's proceeding, impartial
history, which records and perpetuates what
men do and suffer in this life, will do justice
to your slandered and calumniated Secretary
of War.
The gentleman [Mr. Groesbeck] spoke of
him but yesterday as being a thorn in the heart
of the President. The people know that for
four years of sleepless vigilance he was a thorn
in the heart of every traitor in the land who
lifted his hands against their flag and against
the sanctuary of your liberties. He ran afford
to wait; his time has not com,*. His natne
will survive the trial of this day and be remem-
bered with the names of the demigods and
the heroes who, through an unprecedented
conflict, saved the Republic alive; and I
charge your recusant President with calumny,
with slander, when he suspends the Secretary
of War under pretense, in the words of your
statute, that he was guilty of a misdemeanor
or a crime in office or had becomc legally dis-
qualified. Hewas legally disqualified, undoubt-
edly, judging him by the President's standard,
if the qualification of office is an utter disre-
gard of the obligations of an oath. He was
guilty of a misdemeanor and crime, undoubt-
edly, if, according to the President's standard,
he was guilty of consenting that the Executive
of the United .States may, at his pleasure, sus-
pend the people's laws and dispense with their
execution—those laws which are enacted by
themselves and for themselves and are for their
protection, both while they wake and while
they sleep, at home and abroad, on the land
and on the sea.
Your Secretary of War, Senators, whatever
maybe the result of this day's proceeding, will
stand, as I said before, in the great hereafter,
upon the pages of history as one who was
" faithful found among the faithlessa man
equal in the discharge of his office, in every
quality that can adorn or ennoble or elevate
human nature, to any man of our own time or
of any time ; a man that was "clear in his great
office;" a man who "organized victory" for
your battalions in the field as man never organ-
ized victory before in the Cabinet councils of
a people since nations were upon the earth;
and this man is to be suspended by a guilty
and corrupt and oath-breaking President,
under a law which he defies, and under the
hollow and hypocritical pretense that he was
guilty of misdemeanor or crime or, in the
language of the law, had become otherwise
legally disqualified from holding the office.
I dismiss the subject. The Secretary needs
no defense from me. And yet it was fit, in
passing, that I should take this notice of what
the President has done, not simply to his hurt,
but to the hurt of the Republic. I have said
enough, Senators, to satisfy you, and to satisfy
all reasonable men in this country, that the
President, when he made this suspension of
the Secretary of War, had no doubt of the
validity of this law, of its obligation upon him,
and that the Secretary was within its provis-
ions ; and hence, availing himself of its ex-
press provisions, he did suspend him and made
report, as I have said, to the Senate.
Now, what apology or excuse can be made
for this abuse of the powers conferred upon
the President, and of which he stands charged
by impeachment here this day in that he has
abused, in the language of the authority which
I read yesterday in the hearing of the Senate,
assented to in the Senate on the trial of Jus-
tice Peck without a dissenting voice, abused
the power conferred upon him by the statute ?
The counsel may doubt, or affect to doubt,
the tenure-of-office act; the President never
doubted it until he was put on trial. When
it was presented to him for his approval it
was a question with him whether it was in ac-
cord with the Constitution ; but after Congress
had passed it by a two-thirds vote over his veto
in the mode prescribed by the Constitution
the President thenceforward, until he was im-
peached by the people's Representatives, recog-
nized the obligation of the law and the plain,
simple words of the Constitution, that if the
bill be passed by a two-thirds vote over his veto
it shall become a law to himself and to every-
body else in the Republic.
The counsel, however, doubt the validity of
the law. They raise the question in the an-
swer; they raise it in the argument. They
intimate to the Senate that it is unconstitu-
tional, and they state a very plain and very
simple proposition. It is really a grateful
thing—it is to me a very grateful thing—to
be able to agree with counsel for the Pres-
