44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
the payment of the specific quantity or sum of money
agreed upon, without having any regard tothevalue
of money with respect to other things, at the differ-
ent timesof coutractiug and discharging of debts.
"This is a fundamental characteristic of money,
without which itwould lose its use as such; norcan
money with any propriety be considered as being
subject to vary in its value without referring it to
something else as a standard, and thereby departing
from its use as money, and making it a mere com-
modity." * * * * * * * #
"A nation secluded from the rest of the world
might indeed fall upon various methods of supply-
ing the use of money. And we see that some of our
plantations make a shift without any money, prop-
erly so called,using only bits of stamped paperofno.
real value. But wherever that material which pnss-
eth as or instead of money hath no intrinsic value
arising from its usefulness, scarcity, and necessary
expense of labor in procuring it, there private prop-
erty will be precarious, and so long as that continues
to be the case it will bo next to impossible for
such people to arrive at any degree of power and
splendor."
Our own issues of this stamped paper fully
exemplify this. Since their issue they have
changed and fluctuated in the scale of depre-
ciation, descending in substantial ratio to the
increasing volume of the issue and rising with
the prospect of their redemption and their
gradual withdrawal from a value of about thirty-
three cents to the dollar to about seventy-one
cents, their present rate. With such vibration
is it strange that trade and industry have
become greatly checked? He adds:
"There is a very wide and essential difference be-
twixt money and bills. The onehaving an intrinsic
value is in all coutracts and dealings the equivalent
as well as the measure. Bills are nothing but mere
promises or obligations of payment. And even pub-
lic bills, for such only usually pass as money, have
only a local credit, being limited to the territories
of the State that issues them, and depending merely
upon their faith; those that are in private hands are,
to say no worse, subject every day to be debased by
the creation of more new bills; for bills while they
pass as money partake so far of its nature that the
more or for a greater sum there are of them in cur-
rency the less will be the value of any.given bill or
a bill for a given sum.
"Some of our plantations havo severely felt the ill
effects of those weak, unjust, and destructive meas-
ures of increasing the quantities of bills; while the
Philadelphians, by keeping sacredly to a certain
number or sum-total of bills, have notonly preserved
their credit among themselves, but even extended it
to somo of the neighboring provinces, where, X am
informed, a Philadelphian bill will fetch more than
one of their own made for the same or a like sum.
Again he says:
"Laws cannot regulate or alter thevalueof money.
" Silver being made money, and thereby becoming,
as it were, a commodity universally coveted, wherein
every one deals, and to which every one hath a right,
according to his respective share of property, no set
of men have it in their power to settle, alter, or in
anywise regulate the value of money; nor can laws
do anything in the case otherwise than as by their
influence they may increase or diminish the whole
quantity in circulation, and so affect the value of a
given sum or the prices of things."
The distinguished Mr. Huskisson, a member
of Parliament in the early part of the present
century, when the great contest was going on
upon the subject of forcing the Bank of Eng-
land to return to specie payments, produced
some treatises which have since stood as lead-
ing and absolute authorities; and which, after
the few years of the heat of that contest "were
passed, no man in England, so far as I am
aware, has been found bold enough to dispute.
He opens one of his treatises with this maxim,
quoted from Locke:
"It is the interest of every country that the stand-
ard of its money, onco settled, should be invariably
and immutably kept in perpetuity; for whenever
that is altered, upon what pretense soever, the pub-
lic will lose by it." "Men in their bargains con-
tract not for denominations or sounds, but for the
intrinsic value."
He proceeds to say:
"The various definitions of the word money, and
the different acceptations in which that word is used
in the ordinary transactions of life, have contributed
to produce much of the doubt and uncertainty which
prevail at this moment respecting the state of our
currency.
"Money, in the popular sense, is frequently con-
sidered as having no other value than one purely
arbitrary and conventional. It is sometimes defined
to be the representative of all other commodities,
and sometimes the common measure of them. These
definitions are both incomplete, as applied to money,
because they are equally applicable to every descrip-
tion of currency, whether consisting of the precious
mentals, of paper, or of any other article.
It is of the essence of money to possess intrinsic
value.
"The quality of representing commodities does not
necessarily imply intrinsic value, because that qual-
ity may be given either by confidence or by authority.
The quality of being a common measure does not
necessarily imply intrinsic value any more than the
possession of a foot rule implies the power ot acquir-
ing whatever it enables to measure. Money, or a
given quantity of gold or silver, is not only the com-
mon measure and common representative of all other
commodities, but also the common and universal
equivalent.
"Paper currency has obviously no intrinsic value.
"A promissory note, under whatever form or from
whatever source it may issue, represents value. It
does so inasmuch as it is an undertaking to pay in
money the sum for which it is issued.
" The money or coin of a country ia so much of its
capital. Paper currency is no part of the capital of
a country. It is so much circulating credit.
" Whoever buys gives, whoever sells receives, such
a quantity of pure gold or silver as is equivalent to
the article bought or sold; or if he gives or receives
paper instead of money he gives or receives only
that which is valuable only as it stipulates the pay-
ment of a given quantity of gold or silver. So long
as this engagement is punctually fulfilled, paper will
of course pass current with the coin with which it is
thus constantly interchangeable. Both money, there-
fore, and paper promissory of money, are common
measures and representatives of the value of all
commodities. But money alone is the universal
equivalent; paper currency is the representative of
that money.
" Of paper currency, however, there are two sorts:
the one resting upon confidence, the other upon
authority. Paper resting upon confidence is what I
have described as circulating credit, and consists in
engagements for the payment, on demand, of any
specific sums of money, which engagements, from a
general trust in the issuers of such paper they are
enabled to substitute for money in the transactions
of the community. Paper resting upon authority is
what, in common language, is called paper money,
and consists in engagements issued and circulated
under the sanction and by the immediate interven-
tion of the public power of the state.
" Paper, such as alone used to be current in Great
Britain, before the restriction on the bank, was
strictly circulating credit. The paper current in
Austria, Russia, &c., i3 properly denominated paper
money." * ■* * * *****
"Laws, however severe, cannot alter the inherent
and essential qualities which determino the relations
of value. They may, indeed, impose the same de-
nomination upon values essentially different, but
the difference will not be the less perceived; for no
restraint upon human actions can permanently or
effectually countervail the nature of things. When,
therefore, the currency of tho country consists partly
of gold of standard weight and the remainder of
a paper currency, in fact depreciated, but clothed
by law with the character of a legal tender, the de-
nomination fixed for such paper currency being the
same as for the coin, the latter will have an irresist-
ible tendency to escape from the depreciation in
which it is by law retained, so long as it continues in
the character of coin; and either by melting or ex-
portation it will recover its intrinsic value.
" This doctrine will, perhaps, be best illustrated by
reference to a remarkable period of our history, and
to the proceedings of the English Parliament at a
period to which, by common consent, Englishmen
look back as a time when the theory of our Govern-
ment in all its parts was best understood, and the
principles of justice and good faith, on which all free
Governments must rest, were mostscrupulously prac-
ticed.
"Toward the end of the seventeenth century the
current coin of this country had been reduced, by
clipping and other practices, about thirty per cent,
below the standard of the mint. At that time the
pieces new from the mint had no more value as cur-
rency than this'debased coin, though no man, I appre-
hend, could now by any sophistry, however ingenious,
convince cither himself or his neighbor that the latter
was really of the same valuo as the former. Onecon-
scquencc was, that the pieccs of full weight disap-
peared as fast as they were issued, just as our guineas
now disappear; another, that the exchange was per-
manently from twenty to thirty per cent, against this
country, as it is now from fifteen to twenty; a third,
that guineas (silver being the then legal tender, and
the silvercoin that which was debased)rose to thirty
shillings each, as they have now risen to upward of
twenty-four, measured in our new legal-tender bank
paper; and a fourth, that silver which could be sworn
off ior exportation was, as exportable gold is now,
at a premium.
"But how little do nations profit by experience!
The same fallacious explanations which are nowgiven
were then offered to the public. The same delusive
plans of relief were suggested. The balance of trade
or the balance of payments was said to be against us.
To this was attributed the unfavorable course of
exchange; to tho unfavorable course of exchange the
exportation and melting down of the standard coin,
and the high price of bullion at home. The remedy
proposed was, in the language of the day, 'to raise
the value of our money/with arefercnceto the scar-
city and consequent high price of bullion, and the
specific plan suggested was, to coin an ounce of silver
into 6s. 3d. instead of 5«. 2d, These doctrines and this
plan were supported by official characters of the
greatest reputation and practical knowledge, and by
persons of the most extensive experience in trade.
Fortunately the fallacy of them was detected and
exposed, and the Government of that day was rescued
from the adoption of a pretended remedy which
would havo perpetuated the injustice and aggravated
the calamities for which it was confidently offered as
a cure."
Need I remind the Senate or the country
how perfect the parallel is between the state
of things thus described and our own condition
at this time? The same delusive expedients
are again proposed which, age after age, the
experience of nations has demonstrated to be
wholly unsound. He proceeds to say:
" Paper money issued in the name of the State in
aid of its own exchequer and in compulsory payment
of its expenses, such as has been resorted to in vari-
ous parts of the world, is happily unknown to this
eountry. Such paper is in the nature of a forced loan,
which in itself implies a want of credit. From this
circumstanccalone itfallsbelow par, and its first de-
preciation is soon accelerated by the necessity of aug-
menting the issues in proportion to their diminished
value. Thus an excess of paper cooperates with pub-
lic mistrust to augment its depreciation. Such was
the fate of the paper issued by the American Con-
gress in tho war for their independence; more recently
of the aaaignats in France; and such is now the state
of the paperof tho banks of Vienna and Petersburg^.
Whereas the state of our currency, in regard to it3
diminished value, is no other than it would be if our
present circulation being retained to tho same amount
were by some sudden spell all changed togold, and by
another spell, not less surprising, such part of that
gold as by its excess created a proportionate diminu-
tion in its value here with reference to its value in
other countries could not by exportation or other-
wise find its way out of our separate circulation. It
is excess not relievable by exportation."
These discussions and arguments were made
on the question of the resumption of specie
payments by the Bank of England, which by
the act of 1797 was relieved from paying specie
upon its notes, but they were not made a full
legal tender between man and man. Debtors
were only freed from arrest upon tendering
them in payment of their debts, but the*cred-
itor could, if he chose, still proceed to an
action against the property of the debtor and
enforce full payment in coin. The conse-
quence of that was that the depreciation of the
bank notes did not go on with that rapidity
which would have been the result if they had
been an absolute legal tender and not thus
indirectly convertible into coin.
At that time (1809) the depreciation of bank
notes had only reached five or six per cent. ;
and those who were in the interest of the bank
and those who were in favor of an inflation of
the currency to a still greater extent, endeav-
ored to demonstrate that there was in fact no
depreciation at all, admitting in the whole line
of the dispute that if such a fact to any fcon-
siderable degree existed it would be a most
alfirming indication of the state of the cur-
rency. Unfortunately a majority of Parliament
came to the conclusion that there was in fact
no depreciation, and therefore refused to pass
the bill providing for the resumption of specie
payments by the bank. The theories of those
of opposite opinions to Mr. Huskisson were thus
turned into actual experiments, and the result
must demonstrate either their correctness or
their fallacy.
The .result was, as we all know, that the
depreciation continued to increase in equal
ratio to the increasing expansion hastened by
that very action of Parliament, so that within
ten years, before the bank resumed payments
in specie, it had reached twenty or twenty-five
per cent.—producing in 1816 a fresh crash,
breaking nearly half the banks in the kingdom
—an amount of depreciation sufficiently ob-
vious to be discerned even by those who ten
years before had maintained that it did not
exist at all. Since that time I believe there
has not been any difference of opinion among
bankers, merchants, or statesmen in Great
Britain as to what is depreciation or as to what
is money.
What, then, do our bonds, payable generally,
and our United States notes, which are usually
called greenbacks, promise to pay? A one-
dollar United States note promises to pay (upon
the faith pledged in the acts, and by necessary
implication without them) one dollar to the
bearer of the note on demand at the Treasury.
Now, what is that dollar the payment of which
is thus promised? Is it another promise pre-
cisely like the first j that is, another one-dollar
note; so that if two citizens were to come to
the Treasury at the same time, each with a one-
dollar note for payment, the faith of the Uni-
ted States would be kept by telling them to
exchange their notes ith each other, whereby
