2452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
distinct admixture of African blood ? 5. In the com-
munity in which you lire, arc you classified and rec-
ognized as a white or colored person, and do you
associate with white or colored persons? 6. Arc there
schools for colored children in operation in the town-
ship, village, or ward in which you live, arid if you
have children do they attend such schools, or do they
attend the common schools organized for white chil-
dren under tbslaw of the State?
**Sec. 2, After theexamination of the person chal-
lenged, as provided in the preceding section, the
judges of election shall, unless the vote of said per-
son is rejected, require him to produce before them
two credible witnesses, to whom shall be tendered
by said judges the following affirmation: 4 You and
each of you do solemnly swear (or affirm) that you
will fully and truly answer all such questions as may
be put to you, touching the qualifications of (the
nameoftheperson challenged) as an elector/ There-
upon the judges, or one ot them, shall put to each
person respectively the following questions: 1. Are
you acquainted with (the naiuc of the person chal-
lenged); if so, for how long a time have you known
him? 2. Do you know when, where, and in what
State he was born? 3. Where you acquainted with
his parents, or either of them? If yes, did such
parents, or either of them, have a distinct and visi-
ble admixture of African blood, and wero they mar-
ried, or did they live together as man and wife ?"
" SEC. 4. No evidence shall be received as.to the ad-
mixture of white blood which is ba&ed 011 the opinion
of the person challenged or of the witness testifying
in his behalf, founded merely upon appoarance, «n-
less the facts arc fully stated as to the parentage of
the person challenged ; and no evidonco of repu-
tation as to the paientage shall be received, unless
the parties about whom such reputation oxists are
proved to have been married."
Now, after this inquisitorial test, which may
be applied to every citizen of the State, black
or white, if he is enabled to trace his pedigree,
if he is able to do more than wise children
usually can, and say, not only who was his
father, but who were his paternal and maternal
ancestors ; if he can pass this ordeal safely he
may then bo permitted to deposit his vote.
But the Democracy of Ohio did not stop there.
Knowing very well that wherever patriotism
and education are paramount there is but. small
hope for them, they passed a law forbidding
any student in the college and academies of
Ohio, if not a permanent resident of the place
where the institution is located, the right to
vote. Now, there are twenty-nine or thirty
colleges in the State of Ohio, and it is very
well known that nine tenths of the students in
all the colleges, academies, and high schools in
the State are Republicans, and vote with the
Union party; and this Democratic Legislature
have attempted to put out the light by depriv-
ing the mass of Ohio students of all share in
the legislation of the State.
As a fit companion to this law, that Legisla-
ture passed another which every member of
this House ought to know. The General Gov-
ernment has located at the city of Dayton,
Ohio, a Soldiers' Home, in which we have gath-
ered, not only from Ohio but from neighboring
States, a largo number of crippled, disabled
soldiers. There are now nearly one thousand
such soldiers at that Home, sustained by the
Government of the United States because of
wounds and disabilities incurred in the late
war for the Union.
Now, knowing very well that these men
would vote as they fought, that they would
stand with the same party when they came to
the ballot-box that they stood with when they
were in the field, this Democratic Legislature
has passed a law forbidding any inmate of the
Soldiers' Home from voting at any election
in the State. The Soldiers' Home is to be
their home for life $ it is not a mere temporary
residence. They are disabled pensioners of the
Government—kept there in the Government
asylum; and this Democratic Legislature of
Ohio says (.hat not one of them shall ever vote
at any elecfion in the State. And the man-
agers of that Soldiers' Home, one of whom
sits near me, are receiving letters from soldiers
in other States of the Union, saying that they
had intended to apply for admission to that
home in Ohio ; but since this law has passed
they would prefer to beg their bread from
door to door rather than have their rights as
loyal voters of this country thus trampled upon
by a Democratic Legislature.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will my colleague
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would ask my col-
league if he knows a single State in this
Union that permits students at callege to
acquire a residence and a vote simply from being
such students at college?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say to the gentle-
man that so far as I know for the last twenty
years students in the colleges of Ohio have
been permitted to vote.
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir; and tliey have
voted in violation of an express statute every
year they have so voted tlicre.
Mr. G ARFIELD. That question will prob-
ably come up in the gentleman's own election
ease, and I will postpone any argument upon
it until that time.
Mr. PATNE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a remark upon this point?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will.
Mr. PAINE. Having myselfbeen a citizen
of the State of Ohio, and having been a stu-
dent in that State, 1 know of my own knowl-
edge that the laws of the State of Ohio have
been construed so as to allow students to vote.
That is, where a student enters a college for four
years he acquires, under the laws of the State
of Ohio, that sort of residence that entitleshim
to a vote.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] allow me to say a word
upon this point?
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well.
Mr. MILLER. I will also say that it has
been decided in several States of this Union
that students going to college for the purpose
of getting an education there have the right to
vote.
Mr. MORGAN. May I interrupt the gen-
tleman for a moment?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. MORGAN. I understand my Honora-
ble friend to say thata student docs notacquire
the right to vote when he is attending college
merely for the purpose of obtaining an educa-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will ask my col-
league——
Mr. MORGAN. I beg my colleague's par-
don. 1 have propounded him a question. Will
he answer it?
Mr. GARFIELD. T say this: that if the
chief business of the student is to get an edu-
cation, and he has been at the college long
enough to acquire a residence as prescribed by
the law, he is avoter there. That has been the
practice in the State of Ohio for twenty years.
Mr. MORGAN". Another question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well.
Mr. MORGAN. Does not the law require
an actual bona fide residence at the election
precinct to become a voter?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. MORGAN. Very good. If the simple
object of the residence is to acquire an educa-
tion, with the intention to leave the place when
the education has been acquired, is the student
then a legal voter?
Sir. GARFIELD. That is according to the
intention of the student. I now wish to ask
the gentleman, if his view of the law be correct,
then what was the object of passing the law of
this year?
Mr. MORGAN. Because certain persons
have heretofore set the law at defiance; and to
prevent that willful and deliberate violation of
law we have passed an act which they cannot
evade.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I am very
glad to hear my colleague's explanation of this
matter. This new-born zeal of the Democratic
party for the purity of elections is one of the
most beautiful chapters in the history of that
party. Viewing the whole question of the
"visible admixture" law, the soldiers' asylum
law, the students^ voting law, and the accom-
panying acts ancillary thereto, it is certainly
one of the most striking and characteristic
chapters in modern Democratie history.
Now, in order to secure all the benefits of
these laws for the next election, so that the
supreme court may not remove them from
the statute-book on account of their unconsti-
tutionality, a law is now pending in that same
Democratic Legislature forbidding the supreme
court to take up any ease out of its regular
order; in other words, forbidding the supreme
court to advance a case on the docket; for if
the court should exercise this right which it
has exercised ever since the State was founded,
of advancing an important case on the docket,
the gentleman's party know right well that the
students' voting law, or at least the visible ad-
mixture law, would be swept at once from the
statute-book as unconstitutional. By this
means that Democratic Legislature proposes to
tide over the coming presidential election, welt
knowing that both' the law and the makers of
it will be swept away when our next election
takes place.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask my col-
league one question. If the Republican party,
of which the gentleman is so distinguished a
light, desires that the elective franchise shall
be conferred upon the negroes that the ne-
groes of the South shall exercise political
domination over the white men there—how
conies it that the jjeople of Ohio, the Repub-
lican party being in the majority there, have
by a majority of fifty-five thousand decided
that the negro is unfit to exercise the elective
franchise, and refused to extend it to him ?
Mr.' GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I am very-
glad that my colleague has callcd my attention
to that point. A few timid members of the last
Legislature of Ohio, who had not quite nerve
enough to meet a great question on its rnerits,
framed that constitutional amendment in such
a shape that the suffrage question was not
squarely before the people. Tliey tacked on a
clause proposing to disfranchise deserters and
those who ran away from the draft. It so hap-
pened that a great many soldiers who were
borne on the rolls as deserters were only tech-
nically deserters, not really so. Such men felt
the injustice of the disfranchising clause; and
this single fact, I have no doubt, turned the
scale on that question.
But I call the gentleman's attention to the
fact that, notwithstanding all the clogs attached
to that amendment, nearly two hundred and
twenty thousand of the citizens of Ohio voted
for it; and I have no more doubt that a pro-
vision guarantying equal suffrage in that State
will be ultimately adopted by Ohio than I have
that we shall carry through the great measures
now before this body.
Mr. MORGAN. My distinguished colleague
has said that the reason a majority of fifty-five
thousand votes was polled in the State of Ohio
against negro suffrage was that there were so
many deserters. By that remark I understand
him to imply that there were in the Repub-
lican party fifty-five thousand deserters who
would not vote in favor of negro suffrage, be-
cause thereby they would disfranchise them-
selves. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I say no such thing; but
T am perfectly free to say, Mr. Speaker, that
the Republican party, like all other parties of
virtue and progress, has in its ranks here and
there weak and timid men, who cannot, quite
coroeup to the measure of a great, bold, right-
eous issue. If the world were a little better
than it is, if we had a little more enlightenment
throughout the State of Ohio, if we"had fewer
men unable to read and write, if we had more
men who have been in the Army and drawn in
the inspiration of the great war through which
we have passed, if we had fewer Democrats to
appeal to the prejudices and interests of the
people, fewer George H. Pendletous to whis-
per in their ears flattering financial schemes,
fewer men to offer th'em the bribe of indirect
repudiation a,s the prospect of a Democratic
future, I admit that, with such advantages, we
should have carried the recent election and
secured impartial suffrage in our State in spite
of all the obstacles which impeded it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask the gentleman
ior the proof that George H. Pendleton is in
favor of repudiation. Where is the proof?
