3476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25j;
explaining that the law did not allow the usual
salary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask the
Senator whether it is not true that this officer
gets double fees in lieu of salary ?
Mr. STEWART. No, not m lieu.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does he not
get double fees?
Mr. STEWART. Double fees? Yes, and
double fees are allowed in Oregon and Cali-
fornia. The double fees were allowed for a
different reason altogether. The district attor-
ney in California has not only double fees but
$500 salary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations examined the matter and
came to the conclusion that there was no occa-
sion for an interposition in this case, because
with the double fees that are authorized this
officer, so far as we had any information on
the subject, was quite as well compensated as
the generality of this class of officers. I think
it is true, as the Senator says, that in regard
to California there is in addition to the double
fees a salary 
Mr. STEWART. Not only that, but more
than double the usual salary.
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. That may be ;
but in this instance there is no evidence that
the Legislature intended to give the double
fees and the salary too. It will be seen that
this proposition allows the retaining of double
fees, and superadds to ihern a salary not pros-
pective alone, but prospective and retroactive
and going back how far ?
Mr. STEWART. About three years.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It covers up all
the life of the State and the life of the Terri-
tory together, I believe.
Mr. STEWART. No; it simply applies to
the present district attorney and his prede-
cessor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is for the
Senate to say. The committee hardly thought
an equitable case was made out.
Mr. STEWART. I will state that this is a
very poor office, and we have had a great deal
of trouble to get anybody to take it and hold
it. It has been vacant half the time. There
are some important duties for which it is neces-
sary to have an officer there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment was
examined by the Committee on the Judiciary
and the facts ascertained.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to submit an
amendment to this bill, which I ask to have
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
amend the bill as follows :
In lines nine hundred and eighty-nine, nine hun-
dred and ninety, nine hundred and ninety-one, and
nine hundred and nine'y-two, strike out "eleven
clerks of class lour, $19,800; forty-nine olorksof class
three. $78.400and insert "fourteen clerks of class
four, 825,200; forty-six clorks ot class three, $73,600."
In lines nine hundred and ninoty-three, nine hun-
dred and ninery-four, and nine hundred and ninety-
five, strike out " twenty-three clerks of class one,
826,600: fifty female clerks at $900 each, $45,000and
insert " fifty-five clerks of class one, $66,000; sixty-
one female clerks at $900 each. $54,900."
Strike out the following clause, contained in lines
one thousand and two, one thousand and three, and
one thousand and four, namely: " For twenty-five
olerks m dead-letter office, under aot of January 21,
1862, 820,000."
This amendment relates to the classification
of the clerks in the Post Office Department.
It transfers three clerks from class three to
class four; it increases the expense of clerk
hire in the Post Office Department about six
hundred dollars. I have a communication
from the Second Assistant Postmaster General
on this subject, which I will read:
Post Office Department,
Contract Office,
Washington, June 22,1868.
Sir: The following table bhows the number of
clerks of the fourth and lower classes now employed
in the Post Office Department, and the number pro-
vided for by the amendment1? bo the bill making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for tho year
ending Juno 30,1869, submitted with ray note of the
2Uth instant:
Classes.
Fourth 
Th:rd 
Second 
First 
Female 
Temporary
11
49
45
2'S
50
sa
0* TO
"S.-2
1-2b
's Sh o
Pm
32
11
11
is
« a
n
49
45
55
CI
14
235
O V
So
o oi2
asa
&
14
46
45
55
61
221
The amendments provide for the same number of
clerks now employed, transferring to the fourth class
three third-class clerks who are heads of divisions,
und leaving fourteen temporary clerks dependent
upon such appropriation as may be made " for tem-
porary clerks."
Very respectfully, <fcc.,
GEORGE W. MeLELLAN,
Second Assistant Postmaster General.
II«n. Ai.nxiNDEit Ramsey, Chairman Committee on
Post Offices and Post lioalls, Senate United States.
The business of the Post Office Department
is divided into fourteen divisions. There are
eleven clerks of the fourth class presiding over
eleven of those divisions. The Department
wish three clerks of class three promoted to
class four, so as to have fourteen clerks of
class four to preside over the fourteen divis-
ions. This arrangement only increases the
expense $600.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There are twenty-
five clerks in the dead-letter office discharging
certain duties who are regarded as temporary
clerks, but who are now to be incorporated into
the system by these provisions. I only wish
the Senate to understand it; I make no ob-
jection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 25, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. James Balloch, of Baltimore.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
NEW YORK POST OFFICE.
The SPEAKER laid before^ the House a
communication from the supervising architect
of the Treasury Department, in reply to report
of architects of the post office at New York;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHI5NCK. Before demanding the
regular order of business, I am appealed to by
half a dozen gentlemen to allow some matters
to be disposed of which will not require divis-
ion or discussion. I will yield for that purpose.
ISSUE OF ARMS TO THE MILITIA.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to provide for the issue of arms
for the use of the militia, that it maybe referred
to the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let us hear the bill read
first.
Mr. PAINE. As I do not desire to detain
the House, I will withdraw the bill.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to take from the Speaker's table
sundry bills and joint resolutions from the Sen-
ate that they may be referred to the Committee
on Commerce, with the understanding that they
shall not be brought back by motions to recon-
sider.
There was no objection.
HARBORS IN CALIFORNIA.
Accordingly a joint resolution (S. R. No. 46)
in relation to certain harbors on the coast of
California was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
COASTING TRADE.
A bill (S. No. 2GG) to regulate the foreign and
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of the United States,
and for other purposes, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
EZRA CARTER, JR.
A bill (S. No. 353) to authorize the accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust the accounts
of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of customs
at Portland, Maine, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REFUNDING OF DUTIES.
A bill (S. No. 448) to refund duties errone-
ously exacted in certain cases was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
D. II. M'DONALD.
A bill (S. No. 361) for the relief of D. H. Mc-
Donald, late acting United States consul at
Cape Town, Cape of Good Hope, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
CAMBRIDGE, MARYLAND, A PORT OF DELIVERY.
A bill (S. No. 533) to establish Cambridge, in
the State of Maryland, a port of delivery, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN OREGON.
An act (S. No. 153) to establish a collection
district in the State of Oregon was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
FRAUDS ON THE REVENUE.
A bill (S. No. 442) to amend section one of an
act to prevent and punish frauds upon the rev-
enue, and for other purposes, approved March
3, 1863, was taken from the Speaker's table,'
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
THOMAS W. WARD.
Abill (S. No. 542) forthe reliefof Thomas W.
Ward, late collector of customs, district of
Corpus Christi, Texas, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
brig highland mary.
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 113) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can register to the British-built brig Highland
Mary was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
BARK AUG. GUARDIEN.
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 36) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the bark Aug. Guardien was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I desire that that joint
resolution shall be put on its passage. It has
been examined by the Committee on Com-
merce of the Senate and found to be correct.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue an American register to the bark Aug.
Guardien, of the port of New York, the same
being a French-built vessel, but now owned by
American citizens.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will let
the joint resolution be passed provided I may
