4500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
The SPEAKER. The House voted down
three motions for a recess while the funding
bill was pending, and it was manifestly the
sense of the House to vote upon it without dil-
atory motions.
Mr. BANKS. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
is in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire if a mes-
sage has been received from the Senate ex-
tending the session till four o'clock ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the yeas and nays on
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BANKS. Pending that question I move
a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
must know, because the previous question is
operating, and the vote by yeas and nays has
just disclosed the presence of a quorum.
Mr. BANKS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to en-
tertain the appeal on the ground that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts as Speaker of the
House has administered the very same rule,
that when the previous question is operating a
call of the House is not in order, unless the
absence of a quorum is disclosed.
Mr. BANKS. Not under similar circum-
stances.
_ The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 16, nays 112, not
voting 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bailey, Beck, Gelx, Gloss-
brenner, Kerr, McCuIlough, Mercur, Niblack, Ross,
Scofield, Taber, Lawrenco S. Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, and Windom—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen. Boyden,
Bromwell, Buekland, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler,
Callis, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Clift, Cobb, Cobura, Cook, Covodo, Cullom, Delano,
Driggs, Eggleston, JEla, Eldridgo, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Femss, French,Garfield,Grover, Hamilton, Haughey,
Hill, Hinds, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Huboard,
Hunter. Ingersoll. Jenckes. Johnson, Alexander II.
Jones, Thomas L Jones, Judd.Kclloy, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Keteham, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Lough ridtre.MaUory, Mann, Marsh all,
Maynard, McClurg, McKeo, Miller, Moore, Mullins,
Myers.Kewshain, jSoms, O'iSeiil, Orth, Paine, i'er-
ham, Phelps, Piercc, PLints, Poland, Polslcy, Pome-
roy. Prince, Randall, llauru. Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Shanks, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron iy.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Syphcr,
Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble. Twiehcll, Van
Aernam.vidal.ElihuB. Wash burn e, Ilenry I). Wash-
burn. William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore,
and William Williams—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Bald-
win, Banks, Barnes. Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin,
Blackburn, Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Cary, Chanler, Cor-
ley,Cornell. Dawes, Deweese, Dixon, Dockery, Dodge,
Donnelly, Eckley, Edwards, Ferry, Fields, Finney,
I ox, Goiladay, Gross, Gove, Gravely,Griswold,IIaight,
Halsey,.Harding, Hawkins.Heaton, Higby, llolman,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard 1). Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Julian, Kitchen, Knott,
Lash, George V. Lawrence, Logan. Lynch, Marvin,
McCarthy, McCormick, Moorhead, Morrell. Mor-
nssey, Mungen, Hewcomb, Nicholson, Nunn, Peters,
si ,,Plle* Pr>00- Pruyn, Robinson, Roots. Sclye,
bhellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stone, Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Van
* Cadwalader C. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, Woodward, and
loung—94.
So the motion of Mr. Banks, for a recess,
was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FKOM TUT? SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House bill
No. 1-159, to relieve Nelson Tift, of Georgia,
of disabilities.
^ The message further announced that the
Senate had leceded from its disagreement to
the amendments of the House to Senate bill
No. 010, to extend the laws ofthe United States
relating to customs, commerce, and navigation
over the territory ceded to 'the United States
by Russiaf*to establish a collection district
therein, and fcr other purposes.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 270) for funding the national
debt and for the conversion of the notes of the
United States; and
An ad (S. No. 619) to extend the laws of
the United States relating to customs, com-
merce, and navigation over the territory ceded
to the United States by Russia, to establish
a collection district therein, and for other
purposes.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIB PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Colonel
William G. Moore, his Secretary, informed
the House that he had approved and signed
bills and resolutions of the following titles :
An act (H. 11. No. 3'JG) for the relief of
Samuel Tibbets;
_ An act (H. R. No. 541) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Columbia Institu-
tion for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb,
and establishing additional regulations for the
government of the institution, and for other
purposes;
An act (II. It. No. 910) for the relief of the
grantees ot' Ann D. Durding;
An act (II. R. No. 1010) relating to pen-
sions ;
An act (II. R. No. 1052) amendatory of an
act granting public lands to the State of Wis-
consin to aid in the construction of railroads
in said State, approved June 3, 1808 j
An act (H. R. No. 1131) regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases for the protection
of oilicers and agents of the Government, and
for the better protection of the Treasury against
unlawful claims;
An act (H. R. No. 1303) granting an increase
of pension to Emily B. Bidwell, widow of
Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell, and to
Sarah Haekleman, widow of Brigadier Gen-
eral Pleasant A. Haekleman ;
An act (H. R. No. 1447) granting the right
of way to certain railway companies over the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth ;
_ An act (H. R. No. 1448) making appropria-
tions for certain executive expenses ot the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1869 ;
An act (II. R. No. 1157) to pay for indexing
the tax bill;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 325) relative to
the pay of the chief clerk in the office of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 302) to aid in
relieving from peonage women and children
of the Navajo Indians.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a bill (EL R. No. 1459) to relieve Nel-
sonTift, of Georgia, of disabilities; when the
Speakef signed the same.
COLUMBIA DEAF AND DUMB INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER. The President^ of the
United States having signed the bill which pro-
vides for appointing on the part of Congress
directors of the Columbia Institution for the
Deaf and Dumb in the District of Columbia,
the Chair, on the part of the House of Repre-
sentatives, appoints as directors the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] and the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Boyden.]
committee appointment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland,] on account of service
on two other committees, resigns his position
as a member of the Committee of Elections,
and the Chair appoints to iill the vacancy on
that committee, the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Heaton.]
Mr. BANKS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the question of excusing the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] will understand that
by the rules, when a member is already serv-
ing on two committees, he has the right to
decline service on a third.
Mr. BANKS. We are entitled to a vote on
the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
obtain a vote on the question, because the
rule is positive that when a member is serving
on two committees he has the right to resign
service on another.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me to say that if it
were not for the interruption of the public
business I should take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair; but under the circum-
stances I will not appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
rule read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Any member may excuse himself from serving on
any committee at the time of his appointment, it he
is then a member of two other committees."
The SPEAKER. According to the con-
struction uniformly put upon this rule by pre-
vious occupants of the Chair, any member
serving on two committees has the right to
excuse himself at any time from service on
another committee.
Mr. BANKS. He has the right to excuse
himself from service on the committee to which
he has-last been appointed, but not from ser-
vice on a committee to which he has previously
been appointed.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the point last
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
the Clerk will read the subsequent part of the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
" And under the practice, it is sufficient for him to
offer such an excuse at any subsequent period of the
session."
REPRESENTATIVE FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, both Houses of
Congress having, by a two-thirds vote, passed
an act relieving of disabilities Mr. Nelson
Tift, I am directed by the Committee of Elec-
tions to report his credentials as a Representa-
tive from the State of Georgia, with a recom-
mendation that he be admitted to a seat in this
House upon taking the oath prescribed by the
act of July 11, 1868.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. Nelson Tift presented himself at the
Speaker's desk, and was duly qualified by
taking the oath prescribed by the act of July
11, 1868.
discharge of soldiers acting as clerks.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution in regard
to the discharge of certain soldiers from the
quartermaster general's department.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information, after which there will
be an opportunity for objection.
The joint resolution was read. The pream-
ble recites that ninety-four clerks were dis-
charged from the quartermaster general's de-
partment on the 25th instant; eighty-three of
the number beingmcn who served in the Union
Army during the late war; that the purpose of
Congress as repeatedly expressed has been to
give the preference in the civil service to those
who have done duty as soldiers, whenever they
are equally efficient with others. The joint res-
olution therefore requests the Secretary of War
so to amend the order by which the discharge
was made, as to retain in service by prefer-
ence, those efficient clerks who have been phys-
Vv . y "gabled in the military service of the
L nited States.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope no one will object
to this resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call attention to the
met that the objection comes from the Dem-
ocratic side of the House.
messagk from the senate.
i -\rmes^aSe received from the Senate,
by Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying thti
