1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
■Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, addressed the
House on the subject of the nationaFexpendi-
tures, the national debt, the mode and manner
of national taxation, and the national currency.
His speech will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. BURR and Mr. BENTON next ad-
dressed the House in remarks which will appear
in the Appendix.
And then, on motion of Mr. LAWRENCE,
of Ohio, (at nine o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the-rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of B. J.
Burnett, of New York city, praying that his
system of ventilation may be investigated by
Congress.
Also, resolutions of a meeting of citizens of
Jefferson ward, Richmond, Virginia, for the
impeachment of the President of the United
States, and sustaining Secretary Stanton in his
patriotic course.
By Mr. GARY: The petition of R. H. Bailey
and 300 others, workingmen of Cincinnati,
praying for the passage of a bill introduced
January 27, by Hon. 8. F. Gary, to establish
a uniform currency, provide for the manage-
ment and liquidation of the national debt, and
for other purposes.
By Mr. DR1GGS: The petition of John J.
Webb and 2,000 others, citizens of Lake Supe-
rior, Michigan, prajing Congress to grant pro-
tection against foreign copper importations,
so as to save this vast American interest from
ruin, and to that end asking that an increased
duty be immediately placed upon imported
copper.
Also, the petition of P. P. Mills and 50
others, of Marquette county, Lake Superior,
Michigan, praying Congress to reduce the ex-
pense of the Army and Navy, and to give pro-
tection to American productions.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of T5
merchants of Cincinnati, praying that the Navy
bo reduced to thirty vessels, that the Army
be reduced to twenty-five thousand men, and
protesting against a large standing Army in
time of peace.
By Mr. FIELDS: The petition of 400 citi-
zens of Chenango county, New York, asking
a reduction of the Navy, of the Army, and ol
the expenses of the Government; also a reduc-
tion of taxation.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of Jesse
R. ltowe, of Cumberland county, Kentucky,
asking payment for a horse.
Also, the petition of .James 1). Allen, of
Cumberland county, Kentucky, asking pay-
ment for a hoise.
Also, the petition of John P. Garrison, of
Wairen county, for his pay and emoluments.
By Mr. GLOSSBRENNER: Papers in sup-
port of the application of Martha J. Lindsey,
widow of Ephraim Lindsey, late of Cumber-
land county, Pennsylvania, deceased, for a
pension.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: A remonstrance of
cigar dealers and manufacturers in Peoria, Illi-
nois, against any change in the manner of
stamping cigars. i
By Mr. LINCOLN: The petition for the ;
relief of Catherine Van Arder.
Also', the petition for the relief of Maria II.
G. De Lano.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of citizens of
Philadelphia and New Jersey, setting forth that
the harbor at Atlantic City and Absecom Inlet,
New Jersey, is endangered by encroachment
of the sea, and praying action on tlic subject.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Messrs.
David S. Brown & Co., Sliortridge, Borden &
Co., Lewis Brothers & Co., II. P. & W. P.
Smith, Pease k, Baxter, Bangs & Maxwell,
Brooks, Miller & Co., Pemberton S. Hutchin-
son, and English Brothers & Co., of Phila-
delphia, asking that the naval vessels now in
commission may be reduced to thirty or less ;
that the Army may be reduced to twenty thou-
sand men; the naval appropriations to $12,-
000,000; the war appropriations to $35,000,000
or less; appropriations for the civil service to
$20,000,000; that our northern forts may be
taken care of by disabled soldiers, and laid up
ships by maimed sailors ; that the fifty thousand
able-bodied men now in idleness in the Army
and Navy may be relieved to aid in the develop-
ment of the nation's wealth, so that the burden
of taxation may be reduced to the necessities of
a mere peace basis.
Also, the petition of home producers and
regular importers of the city of Philadelphia,
setting forth the disadvantages of the ware-
housing system, whereby the refuse and surplus
accumulations of the manufactories of Europe
are thrown upon the markets of this country
to their great detriment and loss; asking for
the repeal of the law establishing bonded ware-
houses for imported goods.
By Mr. POLSLEY: The petition of Wm.
II. Tomlinson, John W. English, and others,
praying that the interest-bearing bonds of the
United States may be paid in greenbacks, and
greenbacks only.
Also, the petition of Henry J. Fisher and
others, with the same prayer.
Also, the petition of Robert Alexander and
others, with the same prayer.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Colonel
Samuel W. Price, late colonel twenty-first
Kentucky infantry, asking a joint resolution
for remuster and pay for the time he was on
duty.
By Mr. WOOD: The letter of B. J. Bur-
nett, of New York city, relative to the proper
method of ventilating the Hall of the House
of Representatives, accompanied by a pam-
phlet setting forth Burnett's automatic system
of ventilation for public buildings.
TN SENATE.
Wedxesday, February 20, 1SG8.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Giiay, D. D.
The .Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITION'S AND 1IEMOHIAI.S.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin,
praying an appropriation for the improvement
of the Chippewa river, in that State ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, praying additional mail
service between Lone Rock, in Richland
county, and fronton. in Sauk county, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee j
on Post Oflices and Post Roads.
He also piesenled a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Neillsville, in the
county of Clark, to Graves' Mills, in the county
of Clark, (via Hosley's Corners and Georgo
Huntsuer's.) a distance of twenty miles ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Oflices
and Post Roads.
lie also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, praying for an appropria-
tion to construct a harbor at the mouth of the
Menomonee river; which, was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Ger-
man Emigration Society, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
praying an amendment to the passenger act
of March 3, 1855, so as to give protection to
emigrants on ship-board; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Utah, for the establishment of the territorial
government of Wyoming, and to have portions
of the Territories of Utah and Idaho attached
theieto; which was referred to the Committee
on 'Territories.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I present a petition of
citizens of Buffalo, New York, in reference to
retrenchments. The petitioners ask that the
Army and the Navy be reduced, that super-
fluous officeholders be dispensed with, and
that retrenchments occur in the naval service,
which they point out, for the correction of
abuses which they deem grievous and repre-
hensible. I move the reference of the petition
to the Committee on Retrenchment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Henry Carroll, ninth cavalry, United States '
Army, asking to be reimbursed for loss of his
personal property by flood on Turkey river,
Texas, in the month of August, 1867, when
marching with his regiment; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
the petition'of Margaret Whitt, widow of Mar-
tin Whitt, deceased, of company B, fourth Ken-
tucky volunteers, asking to be placed on the
pension-rolls ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. ANTHONY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Wilson D. Bur-
lingame; which were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, pre-
sented a memorial of four thousand citizens
of Louisiana, remonstrating against the recon-
struction laws of Congress: which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CORBETT presented a petition of Rich-
ard Irwin and others, incorporators of the Cor-
vallis and Yaquima Bay railroad, in the State
of Oregon, praying a grant of lands in aid of
the construction of the road : which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPOItTS OE COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 3G3) defining the jurisdiction of the
courts of the United States in certain cases, re-
ported it with amendments.
Sir. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 168) for
the relief^of George E. Glenn, additional pay-
master United States Army, submitted an ad-
verse report ; which was ordered to be printed.
farmers' axd citizens' bask.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 105) authorizing
the Comptroller of the Currency to revoke the
appointment of receiver for the Farmers' and
Citizens' National Bank of Williamsburg, New*
\ ork, and to restore said bank to its owners
under certain conditions, to report it back with-
out amendment and recommend its passage.
As this is a joint resolution from the House of
Representatives, which has passed that body
with great unanimity, and is quite important
to the locality, I ask that it may have the con-
sideration of the Senate at this time. Prompt
action is important, and I think when the reso-
lution is read there will be no objection to it.
I am roadv to make an explanation, having
examined the ease.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Ifc proposes to authorize the OoroptroPer of
the Currency, with the approval of the Sucre-
tary of the Treasury, to revoke the order ap-
pointing a receiver for the Farmers' and Citi-
zens Bank of Williamsburg, New York, and
restore Wt bank and its manaaremont to the
directors, lor the purpose of enabling the asso-
ciation to continue the business of banking;
but the banking association is first to present
to the Comptroller satisfactory assurances that
the public interest will be promoted therebv,
and to secure, in such manner as the Comp-
troller shall direct, the full payment of all tin-
creditors ol the association, and to restore the
capital stock toils original amount in ease the
capital has been impaired by losses.
j°HNSON. I rise to ask the hon-
orable member from New Yoik why it i3 uiut
the Comptroller has not this authority now
without legislation ? '
Mr. MORGAN. It has been found that he
has not this authority. The national bank
law does not give the Comptroller of the Cur-
