1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
rency this power. There is a report among
the papers from the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency in which he takes that ground.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I have no objection
to the resolution; but I think the Comptroller
is wrong; I think he has the power.
Mr. MORGAN. The Comptroller has de-
cided that he has not the power, and the com-
mittee of the other House has so decided.
Thers is a report from him in the papers. He
is in favor of the measure, and the committee
of the other House were unanimously for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not objecting to it;
but, speaking from recollection of the national
bank law, my impression was that he had the
power. If he thinks otherwise I have no
objection to the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not only satisfied
that he has not the power, but the power was
refused to be given, on the ground that if the
Comptroller of the Currency had the right to
withdraw a receiver it might subject him to
all sorts of trouble. The power was denied
him.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
, surrender of criminals to foreign nations.
Mr. STEWART. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (H. E. No. 719) for the sur-
render of persons convicted of certain crimes,
to report it back with amendments. As this
bill is only to apply to those countries with
whom we have no extradition treaties, and
inasmuch as there is a necessity in certain
cases now for the passage of the bill at once,
if it is to pass at all, I ask for its consideration
now.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was in section two, line four,
after the word "guilty" to insert the words
"in any foreign country," and in the same
line to strike out the word " assassination."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line five, to strike out the words " or is about
to enter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to inquire
whether it is the intention to send these men
back at the expense of the Government of the
United States.
Mr. STEWART. It will authorize their
arregt
Mr.' CORBETT. The bill directs the Pres-
ident to send these men back to the country
from which they came. I do not know how it
can be done unless it is by paying their pas-
Mr. STEWART. They will be taken back
by the authorities of the nation demanding
them. It is only done on demand, of course.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
bill read as it now stands amended.
The Secretary read the bill as amended, as
follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That nop erson wh o m ay have b e en
duly arrested, tried, and convicted and adjudged
guilty in any foreign country of murder, piracy,
arson, robbery, or forgery, and where conviction
lias not been reversed, shall bo allowed to enter or
remain in the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United Slates be, and he hereby is>, au-
thorized, upon the production of satisfactory proof
that a person so arrested, tried, and convicted of
either of the said crimes as aforesaid has entered the
United States, to return, or cause to be returned,
such convict to the country from which he caxne, or
in which he may have been so convicted.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to know from
the Senator having the bill in charge why this
prohibition is limited to a few offenses. There
are many other infamous crimes which ought
properly to exclude a criminal, as well as those
that are named in the bill. Why should it not
extend to all infamous crimes ? If it is proper
to exclude those who have been guilty of the
four or five offenses named in the bill, it is
proper to exclude those who have been guilty
of many others.
Mr. STEWART. I will state that the offenses
enumerated in the bill are those that are usually
included in our extradition treaties, where we
have treaties for the surrender of criminals.
This bill follows the enumeration in those
treaties, and this is recommended by the Sec-
retary of State to apply to certain cases where
we have no treaties.
Mr, MORTON. It occurs to me that the
fact that these are the offenses usually enumer-
ated in extradition treaties does not furnish a
sufficient reason. If this bill is proper at all
it should extend to infamous crimes generally.
Now, this bill is not only applicable where a
foreign Government is sending convicts to us,
as has sometimes been done, but it applies just
as well to a case of conviction where the pun-
ishment has been suffered and the man is law-
fully at liberty, and, in the exercise of the right
of expatriation, that we all insist upon, he
proposes to come to this country. It occurs to
me that this is an important provision; that
there is an important principle involved in it,
and it ought to be well considered before it is
passed. If we propose to prevent all persons
who have been guilty of infamous offenses,
although they may have suffered the penalty
of their crimes and are lawfully at liberty, and
have a right to go where they please, from
coming here, that is one thing; but to limit
that to a few offenses may not be very import-
ant, except that it involves another principle
upon which we are very sensitive in this coun-
try, even as applied to a man who has been
once convicted of an infamous crime.
Mr. STEWART. In extending this bill so
as to cover all offenses in other countries we
might include in our general terms political
offenses. This language has been used in all
the extradition treaties. Our Government has
been very careful not to use such terms as
would include political offenses. We struck
out the word " assassination" for that reason.
I suppose that all assassination is murder;
but it is not a legal phrase, and might, by the
laws of other countries, be construed so as to
include political offenses. It is not a definite
term well understood. The terms in this bill
are those that are commonly used in the treaties,
and the bill is only intended to supply the de-
fect where we have no existing treaties. If
further legislation, more general in its charac-
ter, is to be had outside of the common range
of the treaties on this subject, it would require
quite an extended examination ; but this bill
is simply to supply the place of extradition
treaties where we have none, and follows those
precedents.
Mr. SHERMAN. The second section of the
bill, it seems to me, goes too far. It author-
izes the President to return persons or cause
tliem to be returned. It seems to me that lan-
guage is not in accordance with the extradition
treaties. I think it ought not to require him to
surrender to the country the criminal. That
might enable the President to involve us in
considerable expense. I suppose the only ob-
ject of the bill is to authorize the surrender
of a criminal upon demand, I therefore move
to strike out the word ''return" and to insert
the word " surrender."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand that
to be the object of the section. As I under-
stand it, it is to prevent these criminals from
coming into the United States, to prevent any
foreign Government from sending their crim-
inals into this country. If I am not misin-
formed, it has been the practice in some coun-
tries in Europe, whenever a man was convicted
of a crime, to furnish him with facilities to
come to the United States, so that our country
is filled up, to some extent, with criminals
from Europe. I supposed the object of this
bill was to correct that evil.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that is
extraordinary, to expatriate people without
trial. I do not think that is the objcct of the
bill. I will, therefore, move, for the purpose
of seeking explanation and light on the sub-
ject, to strike out the word "return" and
insert the word "surrender," to conform to
the object of the bill as stated by the gentle-
man who reports it, so that these persons may
be surrendered on demand as in cases under
the extradition treaties. That is the way I
understand it. I take it the extradition treaties
are based upon the right of a nation, when a
great offense is committed such as those enu-
merated in the bill, to pursue the criminal into
a friendly country and there take him, if they
can, with the consent of the country in which
he is harbored. The ordinary form of extra-
dition is to apply to the proper tribunal for
an order for arrest to try the case under the
extradition treaty, and then surrender him to
the country from which he fled, where the
crime was committed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator
what necessity is there for that after a man has
been convicted. I understand this section to
provide for persons who have been arrested,
tried, and convicted in their own country. I
think that most foreign countries would be very
glad to get rid of their criminals in that way if
they could banish them from the country or
provide so that they should come to the United
States. They would get rid of the expense of
punishing the criminal and protect themselves
at the same time.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume the object of
this bill is a good one, and those who reported
it know more about it than I do; but it occurs
to me that it is a new and strange mode of
procedure for us in this country to provide for
sending out of the country men who have been
convicted and served out their terms in other
countries, paid the forfeit for whatever crimes
they may have been convicted of, and then es-
caped into this country. If that is the bill, as
it seems to be, I do not see any occasion-for
passing it.
Mr. STEWART. That is not the bill. I
will explain it.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to add that
the chief offenders, I have noticed, do not get
convicted in this country or in any country;
and secondly, some of the very best men have
been convicted and served out their times ;
and 1 do not suppose we mean to sit in judg-
ment on those cases now and send any such
men back. Men of whom the world is not
worthy have suffered imprisonment in other
countries for all sorts of crimes; I do not say
it is so in this country. I do not propose to
send parties back under all circumstauces.
Mr. STEWART. This bill will not apply
to Great Britain or any other country with
which we have an extradition treaty. I believe
we have such a treaty with Spain. It has ref-
erence to certain notorious criminals that are
on their way to this country from countries
with which we have neglected to make extra-
dition treaties. It is recommended by the Sec-
retary of State that we should pass a law of this
kind, and the House of Representatives have
acted on that recommendation. I think, how-
ever, the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Ohio is pertinent; but I notice that the
language of extradition treaties is that persons
shall be ".delivered up," and I think we had
better employ that language now.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will modify my amend-
ment by adopting the language suggested by
the Senator from Nevada, and instead of "sur-
render" use the words " deliver up," so as^ to
conform to the language of the extradition
treaties.
Mr. POMEROY. The language of the
amendment as now modified, "deliver up,"
is hardly applicable to that clas3 who have
already been convicted and served out their
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill is not meant to
apply to them at all, I suppose.
Mr. POMEROY. The first section of the
bill includes that class.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment, now pro-
posed changes the whole character of the bill.
The bill contemplates sending criminals back
where they come here voluntarily, or where
