1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, Mr. GARFIELD. I will not go into that
discussion now. I did not say that he was.
. I have only one more thing to say. To make
" assurance doubly sure " this Democratic Le-
gislature of Ohio has introduced and is trying
to pass—and I expect the telegraph will soon
bring us the news of its passage—a bill to take
from the hands of the Governor and adjutant
general of the State the arms and ammunition
Of the State and intrust them to the hands of a
committee of this Demooratio Legislature of
the State of Ohio. All these operations are
going on in that State, and there is no doubt
that the next election will be sure to give us
our old overwhelming majority.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That, is a thing I am
in favor of myself. I second that bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. Isupposedso. Whoever
doubted our distinguished judge from Ohio
would not indorse all these measures? Their
work in Ohio and their work here are parts of
the same great scheme. They are all of one
piece.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, whatever
may be said upon these occasions; whatever
may be done now in the heat of passion or of
party spirit; whatever subterfuges may be re-
sorted to on the other side to secure party
supremacy in the future, I believe that all these
unconstitutional measures, these mere partisan
measures, these efforts to keep up a party con-
demned and repudiated by the people, will fail
and fail forever: and that hereafter the march
of that grand army of the people, the true
Republicans of this country, now surging on
toward Washington, will brush away all these
partisan subterfuges and place the Government
under the control of a party that is in precept
and example true to the great interests of the
country. Then, sir, the wicked schemes planned
and matured for the degradation of the South
and the destruction of our constitutional lib-
erty will vanish and "leave not a rack be-
hind." Then, sir, all your impeachment pro-
ceedings will be expunged from the record.
You and I, and all here upon this floor, will
see the manuscript. Journal produced in this
Hall and black lines drawn around the articles
of impeachment, and deep condemnation will
be set upon those who aimed that deadliest
blow at our system of Government. I have no
more doubt that will take place than I have of
the existence of the gentlemen around me.
Mr. Speaker, yhat are we doing? We are
here now called upon to vote several of the
old States into the Union. When did those
States get out of the Union? Was it Jeff.
Davis that took them out, or have the gentle-
men on the other side dared to do what he
failed to accomplish ? Who can restore a State
which is not out of the Union? Everyone of
these States mentioned in this bill has been
and is now in the Union. The Constitution
expressly declares that every State is entitled
to representation upon this floor ; and South
Carolina is as much entitled to representation
' as any other State. She is now as much en-
titled to representation here as New York,
Massachusetts, or Pennsylvania. The Consti-
tution says that every State shall be—not may
be—entitled to at least one representative
upon this floor; and shall be entitled to two
representatives in the Senate. If seven years
ago any man had prophesied that we would be
legislating now to bring back these States into
the Union ; if, when the hearts of the people,
Democrats and Republicans, were beating in
un'ison to preserve the Constitution and defend
the Union, any one had said that in six or
seven years we would be legislating to bring
these States back into the Union, he would
have been looked upon as a fool or hanged as
a traitor. Billions of money and hundreds of
thousands of lives were sacrificed upon the
gory field of battle rather than that one star
should fade from our flag, or one State should
ever be torn from our Union.
Sir, it was not to abolish slavery that the
war was fought; and I say that the Republican
party have no claim upon the colored popula-
tion of this country for anything they ever did
for them. I deny to them any credit on that
score. I stand here to-day maintaining the
same principles that I always maintained as a
Whig—a Henry Clay Whig—while I can go
around this Chamber and put my hand on
members A B and C who were anti-negro Lo-
cofocos of the worst stripe, who were pesecut-
ing the negro when I was advocating the rights
that belonged to him. I was opposed to sla-
very when these men who are now trampling
down our institutions and shouting for the
negro were in favor of slavery.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me a question?
Mr. ROBINSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Who has
changed, you or the other gentlemen?
Mr. ROBINSON. It is hardly fair for the
gentleman to put that question, for I do not
know what were his former politics. If he will
tell me whether he voted for Clay or Scott, 1
shall be prepared to answer his question.
A Member. He was a Democrat.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Have the
Democrats changed or have you ?
Mr. ROBINSON. There is no doubt that
the Democrats now on the Republican side
have changed, and the gentleman among them.
Sir, I can illustrate this matter by saying that
I went to Massachusetts on one occasion to
speak for Robert C. Winthrop, formerly Speaker
of this House, who, when "Richelieu," of
the New York Tribune, was expelled from
this floor by Democrats, very many of whom
have since turned Radicals, for describing
the eating of sausages, voted against the ex-
pulsion. In addition to that, at the very next
session he moved that " Richelieu" should be
readmitted to the floor, which was carried.
Mr. Winthrop was running for Governor of
Massachusetts, and I went up there as an old
Clay Whig to speak in favor of his election. I
found running against him the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,] who at that time had not traveled into
infinite space, but was living quietly at Groton.
His principal manager was B. F. Butler. I
suppose we all have heard of him, [laughter,]
now one of the managers of this House, and a
badly managed crowd we are. [Laughter.]
In the city of Lowell Mr. Butler and my-
self agreed to meet and discuss the questions
at issue in that gubernatorial contest. We met
in wordy, not deadly, conflict. As a great
many people wanted to see and hear him and,
perhaps, me, 011 the occasion, it was necessary
to have a largo hall to accommodate them.
They took the railroad depot for that purpose.
Two chairmen, one chosen by each, were to
preserve order. I chose Dr. Huntington, a
venerable Clay Whig, then mayor of the city
of Lowell ; Mr. Butler chose Mr. Hildreth,
then sheriff of the county. We got into the
railroad depot, chairmen and combatants, and
they put us on a platform ear. 'There was a
great crowd and great noise. 1 was afterward
informed that two or three groceries had been
open and free drinks had been given, and there
was the happiest and noisiest crowd you ever
saw. [Laughter.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. I rise to a question of
order. Time cannot be given when matters
are to be discussed in this House which merit
discussion. 1 would like to know of the Chair
what is the question before the House for con-
sideration.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. A bill relat-
ing to the admission of certain States to rep-
resentation.
Mr. YAN WYCK. Then I ask if the gen-
tleman's remarks are in order?
Mr. ROBINSON. If my colleague objects,
I must decline to answer the question of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilson.]
I was endeavoring to answer him, and for that
purpose alone got somewhat away from the
strict question before the House.
I was saying that they were the happiest
looking lot of individuals you ever saw; they
could scream louder and were more loeofoc<S<-
ish and locomotivish than any meeting I had
ever before attempted to address.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Did the Chair decide
that the gentleman is in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decided that the gentleman from New York
might proceed in order.
Mr. VAN WYCK. _ Was he in order in the
remarks he was making when I raised the
question ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Ghair
thinks he was not out of order.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Very well; I only wanted
to know the ruling of the Chair.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not wish to trespass,
but I understood I might go on by general con-
sent to finish this recital by way of answer to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Cries of
" Go on."] We got on the platform car, and
this happy crowd that had consumed the con-
tents of two or three groceries—I do not charge
that upon the gentleman from Massachusetts ;
it was the first time I ever had the pleasure of
seeing his smiling face'—pushed this car up
against one end of the depot. There were
India-rubber springs at the end of the car—I
do not know what you call them. My dis-
tinguished friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ames,] who knows all about railroads, can tell
me the technical name.
A Member. Bumpers.
Mr. ROBINSON. Well, bumpers. They
"bumped" the car from one end of the depot
to the other, so- that we, the two combatants,
and the mayor, and the sheriff had to leave the
building through a window.
I have told this story to say that Robert C.
Winthrop and I were then Whigs, and both are
to-day with this side of the House in favor of
what I call the doctrine of Heaven: forgive-
ness, mercy to the fallen; and that the other
party, who were then all loeofocos, are on the
other side of the House, advocating what I call
the doctrines of hell—yelling for vengeance
and screaming for blood. If Henry Clay, and
Daniel Webster, and Willie P. Mangum, and
J. J. Crittenden, and John M. Clayton, and alt
the great and good leaders of the old Clay
Whig party of that day, were here now, they
would be against these partisans who, with their
eyes shut and their ears closed against all rea-
son, are running a race of destruction which if
not checked by the people will end in the total
destruction of all free republican institutions in
this country.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will say that he could not perceive, when the
point of order was made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. VanWyck,] whether the
gentleman was in order or not until he made
the application of his remarks. The Chair
thinks the gentleman should confine himself a
little more closely to the bill before the House.
Mr. HIGBY. Idesireto ask the gentleman,
who seems to be very full of forgiveness, if he
is willing to forgive the prince of darkness for
carrying away a third part of heaven in rebel-
lion?
Mr. ROBINSON. No, sir; nor would I
like to have him pardoned by a two-thirds vote,
as seems to be the rule here. But if the prince
of darkness had to be taken back or restored,
as is now proposed to be done with our rebel-
lious States, ho would be forgiven. I do not
see the application of the question, and it is not
out of any want of respect if 1 fail to answer
it more at length.
If the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Wilson,] who asked me a question, is not fully
answered, I have before me a book which will
show who has changed and who are traitors to
their formerly avowed principles.
Mr. PILE. I insist that this discussion is
out of order, and that the gentleman must con-
fine himself to the bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. This is entirely germane
to the subject, as gentlemen on the,other side
will see. They are too impatient. We are in
no hurry at all on this side of the House. W©
