1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
both •would be paid and tlie promise contained j
in each of the notes fully performed ? Would |
it be characterizing such a transaction too ,
strongly to call it a mockery? And yet the
promise in our securities (save when they are
on their face expressed to be payable " in law- j
ful money,' i. e., in United States notes) is in ,
precisely the same form and has precisely the |
same nature. The Government is a debtor,
and it must stand like all other debtors. Its
promise to pay money without qualification is
something more than a promise to renew its
debt in some other form by its own notes ; and
a promise to pay in United States notes is only
an engagement on the part of the Government
and its creditor who receives such a promise
to renew and extend the debt in that form. It
is of course perfectly fair and lawful if it be
agreed to by both parties, but it would be the
height of injustice, in substance repudiation,
to force it, either directly or indirectly, on the
creditor who has not agreed to it.
To hold, then, that our bonds are payable
in such a way would be to declare that those
who furnished the Government with credit and
supplies in its great necessity, upon interest-
bearing bonds due at a certain time, under-
standing^ contracted that those bonds should
be paid in the notes of the United States, not
bearing interest, and payable in nothing but
themselves! It is true that a Government may
sometimes, in the stress of a great crisis, pro-
vide that as between its citizens its own prom-
ises to pay money shall be taken for the time
being as and for the money itself; but no man
can fail to see that to carry such a provision
into the operations of the Government itself
■would be to provide for a currency not to be
redeemed by anybody, and which I need not
take time to show would be fatal to the indus-
try and prosperity of the community. If it be
otherwise mankind have been blind for many
ages, and we should hasten, as indeed some in
effect seem to propose, to issue Government
notes payable only in themselves by constant
renewals, enough not only to pay off our na-
tional debt but to pay off all private debts too.
Surely if Government has in its hands means
of such easy beneficence it sadly fails in its
duty if it omits to put it in practice.
I have alluded incidentally to some of the
instances where experiments of this nature or
analogous thereto, have been resorted to. It
may not, perhaps, be useless to state them
more fully.
The lessons of history in our own country
ought to be decisive on a question of this char-
acter. The continental American paper began
with an issue of $8,000,000 in July, 1775. In
one year the issues were increased to $20,000,-
000; yet they still circulated without any con-
siderable depreciation. In December, 1777,
they were multiplied to $70,000,000, and were
then fallen to half their nominal value ; yet the
issue still went on, and in October, 1779, there
were $200,000,000 passing at ninety per cent,
loss, and in the next year the issue ceased, as
this paper was no longer accepted at any value
whatever. We all know the distress and diffi-
culty of the country for years and years after
the peace, arising from the very exuberance
and inconvertibility of those promises to pay
which had gone by the name of money. I do
not say that this course of procedure in the
time of the Revolution was not the best, or
rather had not the least of evil of any that
could have been resorted to. I* express no
opinion upon that point. But it is plain that
nobody after the peace thought that the indus-
try and commerce of the country could be
revived and its burdens lightened by a continu-
ance of the experiment. By the act of 1790
steps of the opposite character were inaugu-
rated to eradicate the evil.
The same fallacious and disastrous means of
supporting public credit and of carrying on the
operations of society were resorted to more
than fifty years before that time in several of
the colonies. In the colony of Massachusetts
Bay, money (if it can be called such) of this
character wa« itisned about the year 1714 or
1715. It enterod into the politics of that period,
and the matter is thus described by a correct
writer of the history of those times:
"A third party, though very opposite to the private
bank, yet wore no enemies to bills of credit. Ihey
were in favor of a loan of bills from the Government
to any of the inhabitants who would mortgage their
estates as a security for the repayment ol the bills
with interest, in a term of years, the interest to be
paid annually and applied to the support of Govern-
• ment. This was an easy way of payingpublic charge's,
which, no doubt, they wondered that in so many ages
the wisdom of other Governments had never discov-
! ered. Theprincipalmen of the Council wore in favor
i of it, and it being thought by the first party the least
of two evils they fell in with the scheme, and after
that the country was divided between the public and
privato bank. The House of Representatives was
nearly equally divided, but rather favorers of the
private bank from the great influence of the Boston
members in the House, and a great number of per-
sons of the town out of it. Tho controversy had a
universal spread, and divided towns, parishes, and
particular families.
"At length, after long struggle, the party for the
public bank prevailed in the General Court for a loan
of £50,0U0 in bills of credit, which were put into tho
hands of trustees and lent for five years only to any
of the inhabitants at five per cent, interest, one filth
part of the principal to be paid annually."—Hutch-
inson's History of the Province of Massachusetts Bay,
volupae two, page 208.
It was found in a year or two that the dis-
tresses of the people were increasing, and in
171G, on the arrival of a new Governor—
" In his first speech to the General Court, Novem-
ber 7, he puts them in mind of the bad state of the
trade of the province, an important article of any
people's happiness, owing, as he supposed, to the
great scarcity of money, and recommends the consid-
eration of some effectual measures to supply this
want and thereby to restore trade to a flourishing
condition. This was pointing out to them a further
omission of Government's bills, and the Representa-
tives, pleased with so easy a mothod of obtaining
money, soon determined upon a second loan of
£100,000 for ten years, to be put into the hands of
commissioners appointed for each county in propor-
tion to their taxes, This provision being made by
the Government there was the less pretense for pri-
vate persons or companies issuing their bills; but it
gave no relief to the trade, the whole currency soon
depreciating to that degree as, with this addition,
to answer the purposes of money very little more
than if it had not been made. The Governor became
sensible of it, and recommended to them to provide
against it, which they were not able to do, and many
of them would not have been willing if they had been
able, being in debt, and by means of the deprecia-
tion discharging their debt by anominal sum perhaps
of not more than one half the real value of the debts.
He soon found the effects of it upon his own salary,
which they refused to advance as the bills sunk, and
having recommended this measure in a public speech
it became more difficult afterward to refuse repeat-
ing it ."—Ibid., page 217.
Things ran on in this way till 1721, when, at
the opening of the session of the Colonial
Assembly, the Governor in his speech recom-
mended measures to prevent the depreciation
of the currency, but—
"They refused directly or virtaally every proposal.
The House tell him, in their answer, ' they had passed
a bill for issuing £100,000 more in bills of credit.'
This alone had a direct tendency to increase the
mischief, but they add that' to prevent their depre-
ciation they had prohibited the buying, selling, and
bartering silver at any higher rates than set by act
of Parliament.' This certainly could have no tend-
ency to lessen it. Such an act can no more be exe-
cuted than an act to stop tho ebbing and flowing of
the sea. It would probably carry away and keep out
all silver and gold."—lb%d„ page 245.
About this time instructions from the Crown
to the Governor put a restraint upon the issuing
of bills of credit except for necessary charges.
The historian from whom I have been quoting
says:
"This instruction was not occasioned by the bad
effect of bills upon the currency, as later instruc-
tions and acts of Parlia'ment have been, but by a
complaint from merchants trading to New York
of an act of Assembly there for issuing bills equal
to forty thousand ounces of plate, which were all
applied to the Governor as a gratuity over and above
his stated salary, to the Council for pretended ser-
vices at the Revolution near thirty years before, and
to the House of Representatives for their services.
After the bills were in private hands, to revoke the
act would work injustice, but to prevent such acts in
any colony for the future circular instructions were
ordered to the several Governors."—Ibid., page 245,
note.
As the years passed by these bills of credit
could not be redeemed, and the general com-
plaint of the scarcity of money revived the
old spirit for increasing the currency by a
further emission of bills, in regard to which
this historian says:
" It would be just as rational when the blood in
the human body m in a putrid, corrupt state, t* 
inerease the quantity by luxurious living in order to
rcstoro health. Some of the leading men among the
Representatives were debtors, and a depreciating
currency was convenient for them."—Ibid., page 327.
An expedient for a further issue, notwith-
standing the restraint of the orders of the
Crown, was soon found. Instead of a bill pro-
viding for fortifications of the colony, as had
been proposed by the Governor—
"Another was prepared with a specious title, 'An
act for raising and settling a public revenue for and
toward defraying the neccssary charges of the Gov-
ernment by an emission of £60,000 in bills of credit.'
This was done to bring it within the words of tho
instruction, which restrained the Governor from con-
senting to the issuing bills of credit except for charges
of Government. Tho interest of four per cent., or
£2,400, was to be applied annually to the public charges-
and gave color for issuing the principal sum of
£60,000. The Lieutenant Governor was prevailed
upon to sign it, and the same day tho llouse mado
the grant of his salary and the usual allowance to the
judges, most of whom were members of the Council,
and to the other officers of the Government."
 *« *** ** 
"The eagerness of the body of the people for paper
bills, more easily acquired in this way than tho right-
eous way of industry and frugality, no doubt facili-
tated a compliance, on the part of the Council and
tho Lieutenant Governor in the passage of the bill."—
Ibid., page 358.
Things went on from bad to worse until 1737,
when by death and from other causes there
was considerable change in the Council, and
our historian proceeds to say:
"Toward the end of the year a great clamor arose
against the Governor for adhering to his instruction
about papermoney, and against the three Represent-
atives for their pernicious principles upon the sub-
ject of paper money, and at the town election for 1739
three others were chosen in their stead, two of them
professedly disaffected to the Governor and promoters
of popular measures; the third, although of great in-
tegrity, and for that reason desirous of a fixed cur-
rency, yet, in his judgment against reducing the paper
money, and a favorer of schemes for preventing its
depreciation." ********
" A general dread of drawing in all the paper
money without a substitution of any other instru-
ment of trade in the place of it disposed a great
part of the province to favor what was called the
land bank or manufacturing scheme"—
This was the scheme of the famous John
Law in England—
"which was begun or ratherrevived in this year, 1739,
and produced such great and lasting mischiefs that a
particular relation of the rise, progress, and over-
throw of it may be of use to discourage and pre-
vent any attempts of the like nature in future ages.
By a strange conduct in the General Court they had
been issuing bills of credit for eight or ten years
annually for charges of Government, and being will-
ing to ease each present year they had put off the re-
demption of the bills as far as they could, but the Gov-
ernor being restrained by his instruction from going
beyond the year 1741, that year was unreasonably
loaded with thirty or forty thousand pounds sterling
taxes, which, according to the general opinion ol the
people, it was impossible to levy, not only on account
of the large sum, but because all theljills in the prov-
ince were but just sufficient to pay it, and there was
very little silver or gold, which, by an act of Govern-
ment, was allowed to be paid for taxes as equivalent
to the bills, A schome was laid before the General
Court by the author of this history, then one of the
Representatives of Boston, in which it was proposed
to borrow in England, upon interest, and to import
into the province a sum in silver equal to all the bills
then extant, and therewith to redeem them from pos-
sessors and furnish a currency for the inhabitants,
and to repay the silver at distant periods, which
would render tho burden of taxes tolerable by an
equal division on a number of future years, and
would prevent the distress of trade by the loss of the
only instrument, the bills of credit, without another
provided in its place. But this proposal was rejected.
One great frailty of human nature, an inability or
indisposition to compare a distant though certain
inconvenience or distress with a present convenience
or delight is Sitid by some strangers, who come among
us from Europe, to be prevalent in Americans so as
to make it one of their distinguishing characteris-
tics."—Ibid., pages 392, 393, 394.
Another scheme proposed was the founda-
tion of a bank which should emit £150,000 in
bills upon mortgages of persons' private prop-
erty, and not convertible into money. The
pretense was that by thus furnishing a medium
and instrument for trade, not only the inhabit-
ants in general would be better able to procure
the province's bills of credit for their taxes, but
trade, foreign and inland, would revive and
flourish.
" Men of estates and the principal merchants in the
province abhorred the project and refused to receive
the bills, but great numbers of shop-keepers who had
lived for a long time before upon the fraud of adepre-
ciating currency, and many small traders gave credit
to the bills. The directors, it was said, by a vote of
the company, became traders, and issued just what
bills they thousfhtproperwithrmtanyfund or security
