1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
they are sent here by the Government of their
own country, either directly or indirectly.
The case put by the Senator from Oregon was
that of the Government of the country of a
criminal sending him here or furnishing facili-
ties for his coming here. That has sometimes
been done, and we have had cause of complaint
on that ground. But this bill is not confined
to cases of that kind; it covers every case
where a man has been convicted, and perhaps
has served out his time or escaped from his
punishment; and what is the provision made ?
That the President "upon the production of sat-
isfactory proof" shall send him back. What
kind of evidence shall be sufficient to authorize
the President to send a man from here to Eng-
land or to Germany is not stated ; there is no
formula presented; no particular species of
evidence is required. *
Now, sir, in treaties for extradition the mode
of proceeding is prescribed in the treaty; the
rights of the criminal are not left to the dis-
cretion of the President or anybody else, bat
the mode of proceeding is pointed oat. This
bill does not provide any mode of proceeding.
It says a man shall be returned if the evidence
shall be satisfactory to the President. A mere
ex parte affidavit may be satisfactory to the
President; and upon that affidavit a man may
be arrested here and sent back across the
Atlantic to the utter destruction of his rights
and perhaps the rights of his family. Sir, it is
not right to put a power of that kind into the
hands of the-President. If we are to authorize
the President to send any man back to the
country from which he came we ought to throw
about that power such limitations that it shall
not be abused, and that the rights of persons
shall not be trampled upon.
The amendment proposed makes it simply
an extradition treaty in point of form, and only
authorizes the President to send a man back
when he is demanded; in oilier words, to deliver
him back to the Government that is seeking
him. That was not the original purpose of the
bill. It was not to meet that case; it was to
meet the other case where a man came here,
not escaping from his Government, but by the
connivance of his Government. But 1 am
speaking of the bill in its original form, and 1
say that it is placing a power in the hands of
the President without limitation, without means
or formula, for the exercise of the power of
sending a man back upon evidence that may
be satisfactory to him. That may be, so far as
the bill is concerned, a mere verbal statement;
the bill does not even require an affidavit.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this bill was
examined by the Judiciary Committee it was
very hastily examined, anil 1 had no opportu-
nity to look into the extradition treaties and to
see what was the scope and meaningof the bill
itself; but I do not think there is any such pur-
pose as my colleague supposes. My under-
standing of the purpose of the bill was this:
that where a man has been convicted accord-
ing to the course of proceedings in his own
country of any of these very high crimes, and
escapes and comes to this country so as to avoid
the punishment inflicted by the laws and courts
of his own country, he shall be surrendered
upon the demand of that country. The bill
contemplates a case of conviction, no other
case; and I understood that the bill was pre-
sented because of one particular case, a case
of a very great criminal now coming to this
country, to secure the return of that criminal
upon the application of his Government. In
this case there cannot be very much evidence
to submit to the President or any of the author-
ities of this country ; there can only be the
question of identification. I believe the extra-
dition treaties allow a man to be returned
where he has not been tried, but where he is
under charge of crime. There some inquiry
may properly be made beyond the mere iden-
tification of the party. I will call the atten-
tion of my colleague to the difference between
this bill in that respect and the extradition
treaties. This bill only contemplates a case
where a party has been arrested, tried, and
convicted; and if a man has been convicted
of murder in his own land, and has escaped
the punishment which the laws inflict upon that
terrible crime by coming to this country, and
his own Government demands him that he may
suffer the punishment prescribed by the laws of
his own country, surely my colleague and no
Senator would wish to refuse to return him.
Mr. MORTON. The bill does not put it on
the ground that he lias escaped punishment
and that his Government wants him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The committee never
dreamed of any other construction being put
on the bill than that which I have stated. My
purpose certainly would be merely to return a
man of the class here described that he might
be punished. If a man has served out his
punishment, if he has served for the period
required by their law, and has answered the
demands of their law upon him, of course I
would not return him, and they would not
pursue him.
Mr. STEWART. And would have no right
to pursue him.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. With the permission
of the Senator from Indiana, who is on the
floor, I desire to make a suggestion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I think I am not mis-
taken in saying that there were reports laid
before Congress within a couple of years show-
ing that European countries were in the habit
of pardoning men who had been* duly con-
victed out of their jails and penitentiaries on
condition of their emigrating, and that the
Governments contributed to send those men
to this country. My understanding of this bill,
when I had it on my table sonxe days ago, was
that it was to meet precisely that ease : it was
to prevent European jails and penitentiaries
being emptied into this country.
Mr. GRIMES. A townsman of mine two
or three years ago visited his native country,
one of the little principalities of Germany, and
on his return came over in company with a
police officer who had charge of several per-
sons who had been convicted of high crimes
in that country, and who were released and a
part of their terms of imprisonment given
tliem and a certain amount of money placed
in the pocket of each of them when they
reached the city of New York, provided they
would consent to transfer themselves from that
country to this. I laid these lacts before the
Senate in the shape of a statement, from this
townsman of mine. Now, if tlris bill is in-
tended to cover such a case as that, I think it
is a very excellent bill, and I shad be in favor
of it.
Mr. STEWART. It does not cover it at all.
Mr. HENTDIilCKS. My purpose would not,
be to meet the evil that the Senator from Iowa
complains of. Although that may be an out-
rage, 1 think it is a matter which must, be regu-
lated by treaty. This bill provides simply for
a case where a party being convicted comes to
this country to avoid punishment, and on the
demand of his own Government ho is to be
returned, to suffer the punishment that the laws
of that country adjudge against him. That is
just as far as i would go, and no further.
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator will glance at
the bill he will see that it goes much further
than he has just indicated. The bill provides
that any person in any foreign country who has
ever been convicted of one of the crimes named,
although he has served out (he punishment
years ago, shall not be allowed to enter the
United States; and that the President, learn-
ingthathe iscoming here, may take him, and, as
the hill is now amended, deliver him up to the
country from which he came, which last ex-
pression, in connection with this bill, seems to
me an absurdity.
Mr. SHERMAN. I saw the same absurdity j
upon the face of the bill, and it was for the
purpose of calling out what the purpose of the
bill was that I offered the amendment. The
Senator who reported the bill says it is only to
place countries with which we have no extra-
dition treaties on the same footing with coun-
tries with which we have extradition treaties;
that is, that upon the demand of either of those
countries these great criminals may be surren-
dered up for trial and punishment. My reply
was at once, if that was the purpose of the bill,
its language did not carry out that purpose; but
it proposed that we should discriminate and
select out from among people who come tothi3
country those who had committed crimes and
to expel tbem from our country. That is the
reading of the bill, and, as I did not propose to
engage in an enterprise of that kind without
some very full and ample legislation providing
for a trial and a mode of adjusting the matter,
I merely offered this amendment for the pur-
pose of confining the operation of this bill to
what was declared to be its purpose, that is, to
extend the principle of the extradition treaties
to those countries with which we have no such
treaties.-
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Ohio that we ought not to adopt the prin-
ciple of extending the provision to those coun-
tries with whom we have no such treaties
uuless it be made reciprocal, and it can only
be made reciprocal by treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, certainly, the bill
ought to be recommitted. I do not wish to
involve the country in the expense of selecting
from among the immigrants who come to tile
United States those who have committed these
great crimes, and, upon the mere allegation of
private persons, allowing the President of the
United States to export them to some foreign
country. If that is the object it may involve
us in very great expense. I thought it was a
duty that I should propose to guard against
that construction of the bill, and it seems to
me it ought to be done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that there was
but one purpose on the part of the committee.
This bill was really not considered as maturely
as, perhaps, it ought to have been, and 1 think,
in view ol the suggestions that have been, made,
it had better now be sent back to the commit-
tee. I move, therefore, that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary f:r
further consideration. I would not go further
than to provide that where a party has been
convictedm a foreign country, and has escaped
the punishment which the law of that country
inflicted upon him, he shall be returned on the
demand of that country. I never dreamed
that the bill went further than that, and I think
that was the construction of the committee.
Mr. I RUM BULL. Bei'oie the vote is taken
I will state that this is not a bill ongmating
here, but a House bill, which was suggested
by a communication from the Department of
htate. We were mlormed that there was on
the way fco this country a very noted criminal,
who vyas expected shortly to leach our shores,
and from a country vvitn winch we have no
extradition treaty, ilie representative of thj t
Government represented the tacts here and
sought to take measures to have him arrested.
He has escaped, i understand, from one of
their prisons, where he was under sentence for
i ^le.-^ePal*^ment of State sent a letter to
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate,
and i presume a similar letter was sent to the
House committee. That letter will explain
the oi igm of this bill, but I presume the bill
goes-further than the particular case which
gave rise to it. I .send the letter to the desk
and ask to have it read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Department of State,
Washington, February S, 1808.
ni'mnrT 1 1)11,76 biCen a°vret.iry of State the ex-
v for MlMhnin (?r?0n<iI? ■law to l>rpvent persons con-
M „ i " ' u°rVlul mi.unous crimes from set-
tling in this countiy lias ou n occurred to me. Sueli
persons sometimas come hither after punishment
and at others when they have escaped from
come A ,'lri f7Cf Cr'k?rtn taey b.J '"ul'Posed to bewef-
nl iil i i a 11 ut>ou ^llls ^'hjeci is aceoKl-
. %r t'"'!1' -^ousideiation, and tunt of
tile committee of wmeh you are eliau m;ni.
1 have the honoi to be,sir, j our obedient servant,
,i T „ II. SEW Alii).
25,' Chai""nn of the ^unities on
Mr. JBUMBULL. Now, I have no objec-
