THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
May 13,
£an wait and lis.ten to truth; Now, let us see
who. has changed. . We have a bill before us
which, among other things, provides that
,South Carolina, North Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Alabama shall be admitted to
.representation in Congress as States of the
Union when , the Legislatures of said States
shall respectively duly ratify the amendment
to the constitution, &o.
■:a: admit them as States hereafter when
they do something as States which must be
•done before they become States. I know noth-
ing so ridiculous as that, except a series of
srespiutions drawn up at some western meeting.
It was first unanimously resolved that a new
jail should be erected for the accommodation
of the people of the whole county. Then they
resolved unanimously that the materials of the
old jail should be used in the erection of the
new one. .And then, lest the prisoners should
escape while the new jail was being crected
out of the materials of the old one, it was
unanimously resolved that the old jail should
stand until the new one was constructed.
Here it is proposed that these States shall not
be States until they have done that which States
alone can do. We will admit them as new
States when they act as old States, needing no
admission. They are the new States to be
erected out of the materials of the old States,
and the old States shall stand and act till the
new ones are constructed !
The very language of this bill recognizes
them as old States now competent to do an
act which only States can do, te wit, to ratify
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. And then it says they shall not be
States until they do that which they cannot do
until they are States.
Now, 1 hold that the change of principles in
public men upon those subjects, notwithstand-
ing the objection upon the other side, is very
pertinent to the issue. I have before me the
Tribune Almanac, published by Horace Gree-
ley, whom I saw with pleasure on the floor of
this House a few minutes since. It gives the
platform of the Republican party—of the Lin-
coln, party. Mr. Lincoln, had he lived, might
not have changed as radically as some of his
political friends, and would probably be under
impeachment about this time. This platform
was adopted at Chicago in I860, and I make
the suggestion to the other side, kindly and
with the best intention in the world, to reem-
body what I now read in the platform of their
party; to be adopted on the 20th of this month
at this same Chicago. I will-read the fourth
resolution, from page 30 of the Tribune Alma-
nac for 1861:
44 That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of
the States, and especially the right of each State to
order and control its own domestic institutions"—
Which the bill now under consideration pro-
poses to wipe out completely—
"according to its own judgment exclusively, is es-
sential to that balance of power on which the per-
fection andcndurance ofour political fabric depends:
and we denounce the lawless invasion by armea
force ot the soil of any State or Territory, no matter
under what pretext, as among the gravest of crimes."
That was_ adopted by the party which nomin-
ated Mr. Lincoln. Who are now the desert-
ers from the Lincoln standard ? Where are
now the hosts who marched with him under
that banner, saying in hoc signo vinces ? They
have not left a shred of that banner or a
splinter of that platform under and upon which,
by false pretenses, they obtained the votes of
the people.
I have here another illustration of the same
fact. Andrew Johnson was a Senator of the
United States at one time, and so was Jeffer-
son Davis; and we are now trying Andrew
Johnson while we are letting Jefferson Davis
go. You cannot kick the party in power into*
coming to time on the trial of Davis. The
restless leaders of that party know that Jeffer-
son Davis was the originator, or at least the
champion, of the idea that a State can be
taken out of the Union. They feel an interest
in him becausc they are but his successors in
that respect. With all the crimes they charge
upon him they do not want to try him, much
less to hang him. And why? Because he was
the originator of their principles', and they do
not want to become parricides. He was the
first man to defend in arms the treason that a
State can go or be out of this Union. I said
it was treason in him. What name shall we
call it in those who openly proclaim that doc-
trine which we hope had fallen with him, but
which is revived in this bill?
Andrew Johnson, faithful now and ever true
to the people against disunion, stood up for
the Union when others were unfaithful—when
the "carpet-baggers" and the "troolyloil
fellows now figuring in the South were joining
Jefferson Davis in the crusade against the
Union. One of the men who now take a
prominent place among the Radicals of the
South, I am informed, drew up the ordinance
purporting to take one of these States out of
the Union. Radicals of this character have
all gone over to join a party apparently doomed
"to believe a lie, that they may all be damned
together."
Sir, when the masses of the people, upon the
firing on Sumter, were aroused and hung out
their flags upon their house tops and from their
windows ; when they rallied to go down to the
South to fight for the salvation of the Union,
their object was not to secure to the negro the
right to vote, nor was it to punish the South.
It was simply to maintain that no State should
ever be taken by any means out erf the Union,
and therefore should never need readmission.
Sir, I will say—and this will serve as a further
answer to the question, who has changed?—
that if at any of the meetings in the North any
one speaking by authority had dared to pro-
claim the sentiments embodied in this bill not
a half dozen men could have been found in the
whole North to come down to save Washington
from destruction.
And, sir, I will say that if Jefferson Davis
had been elected President at the time when
Abraham Lincoln was chosen he would not
have proposed such extensive alterations in
the Constitution as have been made by those
who were placed in power upon the pledge of
preserving the Constitution. I say deliberately
that if Jefferson Davis had succeeded, even
through rebellion, in getting possession of the
Government, and had been installed as Presi-
dent, the Constitution of the United States
would not have been so much mangled and
trampled in the dust as it is to-day. And, sir,
it is a sorrowful thing for those who supported
the measures claimed to be necessary for the
preservation of the Union, and only justified
by that object, to find that a political party has
got into power by false pretenses, and that the
instrumentalities which should be used to pre-
serve the Union are exerted to crush it, and
that above the graves of our fallen heroes it
should be proclaimed that their blood, shed to
keep every State in the Union, had been shed
in vain.
Sir, in 1861 a resolution was offered in both
Houses of Congress simultaneously, or almost
so. It was presented in the Senate by Andrew
Johnson, and in this House by a distinguished
son of Kentucky, John J. Crittenden. And it
was adopted, only one man opposing it, he doing
so silently. Sometimes "silence gives con-
sent but this gentleman, a distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, says that in his case
it did not. He has acknowledged, in replying
to a remark made by Hon. Sir. Dixosr, of
Connecticut, that he was in his seat when the
resolution was passed and that he did not vote
against it.
I will read the resolution that was then
adopted on motion of Mr. Crittenden. It is
resolved—
"That the present deplorable civil war has been
forced upon the country by the disunionists of the
southern States, now in arms against the con^titu- I
tional Government, and in arms around the capital. i
that in this national emergency Congress, banishing !
all feelings of merepassion and resentment, will ree !
ollect only its duty to the whole country."
The resolution was divided, and that wastlie
first branch of it. The next is as follows:
That this war is not waged on their part in any
spirit of oppression, or for any purpose of conquest
or subjugation, or purpose of overthrowing or inter-
fering with the rights or established institutions of .
those States"—
That, of course, referred to the institution
of slavery in the southern States-^
"but to defend and maintain the supremacy ot the ■
Constitution and to preserve the Union"—
Including South Carolina and these other
States which it is now proposed to admit into
this Union, States which I hold have never
been out of the Union—
"and to preserve tho Union with all the dignity,
equality,and rights of theseveral States unimpaired:
and that as soon as these objects are accomplished
the war ought to cease."
But we are told now that this was not the
object of the war ; that union was not what we
sought to preserve, but that the object was to
perpetuate the sway of the party in power; that
every other interest of the people and the
country should give place to the necessities of
its supremacy; that it was not the supremacy
of the Constitution, but the supremacy of the
Radical party.
Now, who voted for the second branch of
that resolution ? I find the names of Fernando
C. Beaman, Schuyler Colfax, and Roscoe
Conklixg. They can be found on page 125 of
the House Journal for the first session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress. I find the name of
Henry L. Dawes. I think I have heard that
name somewhere. I think he is the same gen-
tleman who, in conjunction with a distinguished
gentleman in the other end of the Capitol,
heard " a lion in the lobby roar" precisely at
the same time. I have heard a gentleman,
who was skilled in acoustics, and who examined
these lobbies, say that it was not a lion that
made the noise but another animal, and that
after all, such are the deceptive acoustics of
this building, that it was only the echo from
either Hall that was heard. [Laughter.]
But to proceed. I find the name of James
E. English. He is a Democrat, and he stands
to-day where he stood then. Do the others so
stand ?
Next comes the name of William D. Kel-
ley ; a name I have heard before. Francis
Thomas. That is another name not unfamiliar.
Charles H. Upton, Burt Vax Horx, Charles
H. Van Wyck. They all declared that the
war was waged to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution and to preserve
the Union, and yet here we are with ten States
out of that poorly preserved Union,
I find here a resolution that is pertinent to
this question. It was adopted by the Repub-
lican State convention of New York in 1805,
which I will read from the Tribune Almanac
of 1866, page 44. It is as follows:
" Rexohed, That while we regard the national
sovereignty over all the subjects committed to it by
the Constitution of the United States as having been
continued and established by the recent war we re-
gard the several States in the Union as having the *
jurisdiction over all local ajid domestic aihriis re-
served to Ihem by the samcfconstitutioiial author-
ity." ******** *
Resolved, That we approve, a? eminentlv wi^o
Stft the sentiments of kindness and couildtnco
which President Johnson has evinced toward thu^e
ot the communities aniUndividuali lately in rebel-
lion* ,7, , " "That we approve the initial
steps winch he has take* toward relaxing the bonds
of military authority in the southern ;>tate<;" '
l,;, and that wo confidently look forward,
underlie wise and patriotic administration to 'he
establishment of more cordial relatiii " "f l4ca"to-
mutual respect, and of a stronger interest to cli li
fctT ire thc northern and southern
States than have hitherto prevailed."'
Similar resolutions of confidence in Andrew
Johnson, and m favor of State right's under the
Constitution, were passed bv Republican State
conventions held in 1865 in the States of Ohio.
Wisconsin. California, Nevada, Are., as wilihy
round m the same Almanac—all this aitpr tin*
war was over, and after President Johnson had
indicated his policy. Now. who has chanaod?
hose who vote lor this bill of abomi
which takes away all power from the States
over their local and domestic affairs." , •
