4502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
Resolved, That the five thousand copias of the an-
nual report of the Commissioner of tho General Land
Office for 1867 ordered to be printed for the use of tho
Senate, and tho two thousand copies for distribution
by the Commissioner, be accompanied by tho Mer-
catorial map of tho world, and separate maps of tho
several land States and Territories.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to detain
the Senate ; but, as I have said to my friend
from Nevada, when this resolution is acted
upon I shall have to divide the Senate. I will
do it now or whenever he sees fit. This reso-
lution has been before the Committee on Print-
ing, and the Committee on Printing was ad-
verse to it. It was afterward referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and the Commit-
tee on Public Lands are in favor of it. The
only objection that the Committee on Printing
have to it is the great expense. It will be an
expense of_at least $60,000 to print these
maps; and if we print them it is fair to pre-
sume that the House will print a larger num-
ber than we do. I have no doubt the maps
are valuable, although I must say if the Gov-
ernment is going to enter on the publication
of maps they ought to be verified and their
authenticity ascertained .by the best scientific
information. I think the Coast Survey and
the engineer department are the departments
that should supervise the publication of maps
before the seat of the Government is put upon
them. I have not sufficient geographical
knowledge, and I presume few of us here
have, to judge for myself as to the entire accu-
racy of these maps.
Mr. STEWART. Tho maps of the States
are taken from actual surveys that are in the
Commissioner's office. It is a very important
thing for a person going into a new Territory
or a new State to know what lands are taken
up and what, are not. It is the most valuable
information that can be furnished to immi-
grants. There is no information that they de-
sire so much, or call for so frequently, as the
maps of the States or Territories where there
are public lands. No description can be given
of those lands equal m value to a map show-
ing where the lands are. I hope the reso-
lution will be passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. A single objection puts
it over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not interpose a
single objection. If it is the judgment of the
Senate to enter upon this expense I am per-
fectly willing to take that judgment; but I
wish it to be the judgment of the Senate; I
do not wish it to be pressed in haste.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only half of a quorum
ought not to overrule the action of tho Senate
when the Senate was full.
Mr.- STEWART. They have not made any
decision on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate acted on this
very question on the report of the Printing
Committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that the res-
olution lie over until a quorum appears, and
then if they determine to print these maps I
shall be content. I only wish to have the
judgment of the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over.
TliltlUTOltlAIi UOVUHX.MKNTS.
Mr. IIAMSEY, I should like to call up a
bill that was under consideration on Saturday
evening, but not disposed of. It is House bill
No. 1458. The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
LA.vj will withdraw his objection to it.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (If. 11. No. 1458) to provide
foi the more economical administration of the
government of the several Territories of the
United States, and for other purposes.
, Mr. IIARLAN. I understand that this prin-
ciple lias been adopted in the appropriation
bill, and 1 withdraw all objection to it.
I he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading-.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Bait enacted, &o.. That from and after tho passage
of this act the Legislatures of the several Territories
ot the United States shall meet but onee in every two
years, and the noxt meeting of each of said Legisla-
tures shall begin two years from the date of their
last sessions, respectively, and no moneys shall be
appropriated out of the Treasury of the United States
to pay the legislative expenses of the several Terri-
tories for any.other than the said biennial sessions;
and the salaries of tho Governors of tho several Ter-
ritories of the United States shall bo fixed at 82,500
per annum.
Mr. DRAKE. When that bill was before
the Senate on a former occasion the attention
of the Senate was called to the fact that if
passed in its terms as it then stood the Gov-
ernor of any of the Territories could not in any
exigency call the Legislatures of the Territory
together. If that is the present purpose of the
bill I do not think it ought to pass.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. It is within the power of the Gov-
ernor to convene the territorial Legislatures.
The question of compensation is another thing.
They must compensate them lor any special
emergency occurring out of their local treasury.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 have nothing to say about
the compensation ; but as I have heard it read,
it does put it out of the power of the Governor
of the Territory to call the territorial Legisla-
ture under any emergency whatever ; and if
that is its character, it ought not to pass in that
shape. As to the design of the bill, I entirely
approve of it; but there ought to be a reser-
vation in it which would admit of the Legisla-
ture being called together in an emergency. I
ask for the reading of the bill again.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, sir, it is perfectly evi-
dent from that bill that the Legislature of the
Territory cannot be called together by the
Governor in any emergency whatever.
Mr. STEWART. 1 should like to know
what emergency can arise to make it necessary?
Mr. DRAKE. I cannot undertake to spe-
cify any emergency; but certainly those people
should not be left without a possibility of their
Legislature being called together if necessary.
Mr. RAMSEl. That is the tenor of the
present law.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; this takes the place
of the present law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the Senator is
mistaken as to the existing laws on this subject.
I do not think that a law has existed anywhere
in any Territory giving to the territorial Gov-
ernor the right to convene the Legislative As-
sembly, and he never ought to have such a
power. I do not believe such a power has ever
been exercised in the United States. It ought
notto be in the power of the territorial Governor
to put the United States to an expense of $50,000
to suit the wishes, views, and interests, of some
particular locality or party in the Territory. 1
understand this law to conform to all the laws
that have ever been enacted in reference to
the Territories. I do not understand that this
power has ever existed in the hands of any
Governor of any Territory; and there is no
necessity whatever for its existence. Congress
legislates for the Territories ; and if any great
emergency arises we have the same right to
pass a law for a Territory that we have for the
District of Columbia. There is no necessity
for this power, and I undertake to say that if
it is put in the bill it will subject the United
States to an expense of $2o0,000 every year
more than is necessary for carrying on the
business of the Territoiies.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe we had a
Senate bill similar to this, which was some-
what considered. Now we have a bill hurried
here from the House, and a great amount of
warmth manifested to have it passed at the
closing hours of the session,and a very energetic
resistance to leaving any power in the territo-
rial governments to couveue the Legislatures
in any case. I do not know what case this
bill is to meet; but the impression in my
mind, and a very strong one, is that some-
body, probably in the House of Representa-
tives, is very anxious to have a little affair
attended to. I have not any doubt that this
is one of this class of bills which are always
coming up mysteriously at the cud of sessions
of Congress and State Legislatures. I think
the best thing we can do with this bill is_ to let
it. lie over, and I have no doubt our territorial
affairs will go on as they have gone on, with
perfect success.
Mr. RAMSEY. This subject has been
before the Committee on Territories for a long
time, and maturely considered. It is not
sprung upon the Senate.
. Mr. SHERMAN. I only wish to repeat
what the Senator from Pennsylvania has said.
This bill was called to my attention with this
plausible pretext, that the expenses of the
territorial Legislatures were so great that we
ought not to put the Territories to the expense
of having yearly sessions. As Congress pays
the expense there is not any trouble about
that. The truth is, the present Legislatures
have made certain monopolies which they
want to preserve. We are about to have this
fall a change of Administration which will
upset a good many nice schemes in those Ter-
ritories. The passage of this bill will prevent
aither Congress or the Governors that may be
appointed for those Territories,with the Legis-
latures there, from upsetting a great many nice
schemes in the way of corporations in those
new Territories, which are rapidly growing.
As a matter of course, if there is any place
where they ought to have repeated and fre-
quent sessions it is in a country where the
population is doubling almost every year. I
hope, therefore, tho Senate will not act upon
the bill now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the Senator from
Ohio is altogether too suspicious about this
bill. ^ Congress passed a bill for Washington
Territory some time ago restricting the ses-
sions there to biennial sessions. That is now
the law for Washington Territory. The great
evil in these Territories is the frequent meet-
ings of these Legislative Assemblies, for they
are constantly making changes and making
contracts and binding up the country and the
people; so that it is impossible when a State
government is organized to legislate for the
interests of the people. This bill, which pro-
poses to make biennial sessions of the Legis-
latures, has no such effect as the Senator con-
templates. The effect is to keep these men,
adventurers, in the Legislative Assemblies of
the Territories from making contracts, grant-
ing charters to bridges and ferries, and to en-
terprises of that description, that destroy and
cripple the enterprise of the Territories. That
is the great evil to be remedied by this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless this bill is to
be laid aside I desire to read it and comment
upon it. There are three different clauses in
this bill, all in one section. It provides :
That from and after tho passage of this act the
legislatures of tho several Territories of the United
totateo Khali meet but once m every two years.
That is plausible enough.
tll?next meeting- of each of said Legislatures
rtoni. rUKoUvoIT* th° date °f tbeir !aSt Ses"
Tliat is, from the termination of their last
session; so thatitprovides for a meeting prob-
ably about once in three years. They "cannot
meet tor two years, so that thepeople ot these
lerritories may not have the power to repeal
obnoxious laws put upon them by the present
authorities there, and mostly, as my friend
IcXb/rS VS' °f " VeiT d0UbtfUl P°1U-
Mr. WILLIAMS. The less they have of
them the better. J
Mr. SHERMAN. We hope to make an un-
piovemetit by next March, at least, in (hut
thePe t' L°SIslatures can be convened iu
Ueei . es tor two yeais from the close
ot tiiea last sessions, under this bill. Now
here is a remarkable provision -.
And no moneys shall hp ni nri\i r; * *  v <- i-* 
Treasury of the ^
