40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December o,
for their everbein* redeemed. They purchased every '
son ot oommotltiy, eve;-so mueU a drug. lor the sake
vf j'U-bms off t'teir bilK niul by one means or other
a l:\iao Mim, perhaps tit'y or sixty thousand pounds,
n abi"aa."—p:t£e «,lt.
Tho year 1741 when. by the order of the
Crown. I hose bi '.s must be pnid off by luxa-
tion. arr'ved ; and tlie grand affair was to set-
tle what v.:>^ to be done \w.U the bills of credit,
and it resulted in their bo'ng finally taken in at
a great discount, and to that extent virtually
adding repudiation to the ereat lo-s and injury
ot' tho-e in whose hands they happened to be,
the pi or as well as the rleh. This v,a.  done
by an act about the tear 17il>. " providing for
the exchange of bills at a certain valuation and
for establishing in tluir plaei a m'.\ rr currency."
This  ; .-  done, ami the historian says :
"The apprei'en«ion of a shook to trn!e proved
groundless, the bills heiug dispersed through every
part >t the pro\iuet, tlie^ih or took plaee instead ot
them. a cond eurr- :'<\v .vas niser-'bfy -ub-tituted in
t le room ot a b..J one, and e\ erv branch ot" ou-me-s
was earned ->n to a greater advautaijo tuan bctoro."
—|n,t if.
These two instances in our own history and
tinder the same unchanging laws of social
science ought to be sumeien: to restrain us
from committing or continuing a similar error.
But the experience of other countries, in every
instance in which such expedients have been
To-or'e 1 to, demonstrates precisely the same
thing. The English instances havebeen alluded
to. The progress jf the French assignats
was similar. In April, 1700, tho first issue took
place to the amount of -kM.OUO.ilOO francs : in
September, 17**1, they had been multiplied to
nearly fifteen hundred million, ami in fifteen
months more to 2.:-i(iO,OtiO.OOO francs; and the
issue continued w'th increasing rapidity till
they wore totally discredited. Similar circum-
stances occurred in connection with the issues
of the Austrian Government: but I have not
the matt-rial at hand to speak definitely of the
suns issued.
Cither instances more or less analogous might
be multiplied indefinitely: but surely enough,
have been ciied to show that if any value is to
be placed upoa the lessons taught by human
experience under precisely similar and unva-
rying circumstances governed by laws which
are at all times and everywhere the same—I
mean the general laws of what may be called
the nature of trade and intercourst—it is the
highest duty of this Government, entirely inde-
pendent of what construction it may put upon
the contracts it has already made, instead of
declaring that we may or ought to discharge
our obligations by further is=ue° of paper, to
devote itself assiduously to the restoration of
currency in this country to its real standing as
the equivalent and representative of gold and
silver in all transactions. Why, with our eyes
open, and in spite of these lessons of experi-
ence, should we walk steadily forward in the
Same downward path which our own ancestors
have trodden before us, until at last in still
greater distress we shall be obliged of neces-
sity to elevate ourselves into prosperity once
more, through much raore severe sacrifices
than any we can be possibly called upon to
make at this time?
It is perfectly true, as was said by a distin-
guished J'epresentative from the State of Ohio
[Mr. Caky] on a recent occasion, in deliver-
ing a speech to the laboring men of Washing-
ton, that the money which is good enough for
the soldier and the laborer is good enough for
the bond-holder. But the truth which i have
endeavored to present is that this money as it
is called is not good enough for the soldier and
the laborer, or for the bond-holder either. It
is not good enough for anybody, because it is
not what it purports to be. It is only a prom-
ise either to pay a dollar in money, which can-
not now be performed, or which it is thought
cannot now be performed, or else it is a prom-
ise to pay nothing whatever except a perpetual
renewal of itself; and the consequence is that
every pound of tea or coffee, and every ounce
of salt, and every pair of boots and shoes, and
every article of clothing that the soldier or the ,
laboring man is obliged to buy, costs him, paid <
for in this way, nearly once and a half ns much |
as it would cost him wore the paper dollar that
he holds in his hand a real one the real rep-
resentative of n dollar in coin.
It has been speciously utged by another gen-
tleman who believes that our present evils are
to bo cured by a further recurrence to the
same agencies that have produced them, that
as the bond-holders and creditors of the Gov-
ernment lent and advanced paper of this depre-
ciated character for the bonds and securities
that they hold, it is but simple justice that they
should be p.iid in the sum? sort of money. So
tar as the Government is concerned, if our
promise and obligation is'o pay this sort of
money, that is perfectly true; hut if our prom-
ise and obligation is to pay, as I "lave shown,
in money, by the force of the statutes and by
the n.it ire of the promise and by the contem-
poraneous enderstanding of all classes of the
community, and by the action of the financial
officers of the Government, then it is not truo.
Hut what were the real circumstances under
which these bonds and securities were issued?
Is it true in substance that the persons who
furnished horses and wheat and guns and
munitions of war, clothing, and money to the
Government, did take advantage of its neces-
sities to wring from it a hard bargain, and did
only render these services to the Government
in the depreciated and half-way method that
is thus suggested? So far as the sales of articles
to the Government were concerned, real things
were advanced, and not depreciated currency.
The labor and the materials were paid for by
the Government in this currency, and it got all
and the very sort of thing that it contracted
for, and it cannot justly, therefore, now specu-
late out of the want of credit which its own
paper at that timo had. The whole body of
the community at that time in that respect
bore the burden of this depreciation, and-stood
up under it as well as they could; and the
whole body of the community in the same
operations paiu off' with this currency obliga-
tions and debts then existing which had been
incurred before, and which, without this depre-
ciated currency, were and would have been '
payable in coin or its equivalent. So that |
when we turn to that part of the currency i
which was paid into the Treasury in its depre-
ciated condition bv the artisans, the farmers,
the tradesmen, the widows, as well as by the
bankei.i and men of wealth who came forward
to the support of the Government in its time
of doubt and trouble, we find that they received
this money from their debtors who used it at
its face value, sometimes depreciated so that
three dollars were worth only one of coin, to
discharge debts that wore justly and honestly
due in gold and silver. 'These citizens, small
and great, rich and poor, thus receiving their
dues, lent us ihis currency that the Government
had furnished to them. Is it just, under such
circumstances, that they should now be told,
'•You must be paid in this same depreciated ,
currency for what you have advanced, because
you have speculated out of the depreciation?"
I think a detailed examination of the whole
history of this currency in any section of the
country would show that the evils and the ad-
vantages (for it had at the time its advantages,
as every other necessary expedient has) were
very fair'y distributed over the whole body of
the community. In some respects the holders
of the wealth of the country gained by it; in
others they lost, largely in the ways I have
named. In some respects the laborers and the
furnishers of produce and supplies gained by
it in the stimulation which such issues always
produce to production and trade for the time
being; and in other respects, in the enhanced
price of all the commodities they were obliged
to buy or consume, they lost. So that I believe
no man can justly say that one class of the com- I
munity more than another has profited or lost
by this unfortunate necessity to which we were
obliged to resort during the rebellion.
I know that such themes and such assertions
are always the fruitful topics of those who
would introduce new schemes or aspire to
political success by arraying one section or
one class of a community or a country against
another. The laborer is sought to be con-
vinced that injustice is practiced upon him,
because merely justice, according to the faith
and promise of the nation, is practiced toward
some person more fortunate than he ; and he
is asked to join in a crusade against the cred-
itor of the Government and against its credit,
because the species of currency vvhich tho
Government has furnished to him is not what
it ought to be. And in this connection I wish
to repeat to the honest, sober, and reflecting
laboring men, the great body of the people,
what I incidentally mentioned in an earlier
part of my remarks, that their interests, which
are the "real interests of society, that their
welfare and their prosperity cannot be attained
or advanced by any act of injustice toward
any creditor oi the Government by any act of
unfairness or of arbitrary power toward any
other person or part of the community.
Human experience has proved, as moral
considerations would also prove without expe-
rience, that the welfare of society depends
upon the harmonious and friendly cooperation
of all its parts lor the common good, and that
it can never be advanced by doing injustice
toward one portion of its people in order to
remedy an injustice which rests upon another:
but rather by the united and friendly effort of
both to relieve such injustice existing, and to
elevate the depressed classes and conditions
of society to the level of those who are in bet-
ter condition, rather than to destroy those who
are fortunate in order that they may experience
a misery common to all.
A writer, whose simple lyrics have touched
thj hearts of millions, has well .defined the true
relations that in a happy and prosperous state
exist between the two classes of the aornmu-
, nity:
" Then none was for a party.
Then all weio for the State;
Then the grreat man helped the poor.
And the poor man Loved the great.
In what I have said, Mr. President, I have
endeavored, without working upon the passions
or prejudices of any man or class of men, and
without the use of any harsh expressions or
epithets or phrases calculated to appeal to the
fancy or prejudice of those who may hear me,
rather than to their reason, to set forth as
briefly as I could the true considerations which
it appears to me demonstrate the propriety of
passing the resolution which I leive introduced,
and of passing it now. In so doing I have
drawn largely Irom the long train of witnesses
and events giving historic testimony upon tho
subject, that furnish impregnable reasons and
indisputable examples for my conclusions;
which are:
1. That the public faith is clearly pledged to
this payment bj the words of tho statutes alone.
2. That whether so or not the contempora-
neous interpretation of these statutes on their
' enactment and in the public action of the offi-
cers anil agents of the Government under them
bind us by every consideration that can appeal
to our honor to stand by that interpretation.
That considerations of the highest expe-
diency, independent of our contracts, compel
us to pay in real money rather than to expose
the people to the disasters that must follow the
infusingof many millions more of depreciated,
and iu such a case constantly depreciating, cur-
rency into tke channels of business.
4. 'That the payment in real money, or rather
the formal admission of our duty so to do—for
in that case the actual payment can be made
as gradual as is desired—involves not one cur-
' rency for the bond-holder and another for tho
people, not ''gold for one and rags for the other,"
I as the cry of some is, no denial of the fact that
' "money good enough for thesoldier and laborer
j is good enough for the bond-holder," but it
I involves the certain consequence of making in
a short time the paper currency of the country
convertible into gold and silver at par, in the
hands of all.
In the enthusiasm of our loyalty and courage
