3478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
of litigation necessarily results, most of which
must go through the United States courts ; and
holding the U nited Status courts at Cario will
be a convenience for the people of that section.
Mr. CULLOM. The district judge in the
Bouthcrn district of Illinois states in a letter
that this is necessary.
Mr. _ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Judge
Treat is the party most interested, and his
opinion has great weight with me.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. RAUM moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendments were concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j.eave of absence.
Mr. kerr was granted leave of absence for
four days, and Mr. Muxgkn for one day.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to make an explanation in regard to the con-
dition of the tax bill.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
notify the House we have now reached in com-
mittee page 01 and section fifty of the internal
tax bill, that is within three or four of one half
the number of sections and one half of the
pages of the bill. It may be considered we are
more than half through the bill, because we
have disposed of the question of whisky in a
great degree, so far as the tax upon it is con-
cerned,and that is known to give rise to more
debate in this House than anything else. I
merely desire on public grou«d's, which every
one will understand, this bill should bo finished
in the present week. I hope we will finish it
to-morrow. We can hardly get through with
it to-night. I desire to give notice, in order to
finish it Friday or Saturday. I propose to press
if. with all the vigor I can; and in this con-
nection to say one of the great obstacles in the
ju ogress of the bill is the want of a quorum in
Committee of the Whole, and especially is that
t lie case in the evening. Last nigh t wo were with-
out a quorum and had to have a call of the House.
It was so the night before, and the same thing
may occur to-night. If so, I suppose it will be
my duty to drive the call of the House through.
I hope there will be no objection to that.
1 appeal now earnestly and most respectfully
to all the gentlemen round the Hall to come
up and help us to keep a quorum. Especially
do f make that appeal to the gentlemen on this
side ol the House. There has been no factious
opposition whatever to the bill, nothing but
fair treatment so far as the Democratic side of
the House is concerned. It i.% true they have
sustained amendments not in accordance with
the views of the committee, but alter they have
been offered and voted on there has been no dis-
position manifested to defeat the bill. I do not
know there is any intention on'the part of any
one of that kind; and in reference to attend-
ance, I may especially say to our friends on this
side it is not only proper for them to come here
considering what may bo their sense of duty,
but it is only fair to us who are in regular
attendance.^ My friendfrom Iowa, [Mr.PiticE,]
who is looking so serious, is always here. 1
think it their duty to the "workers" to attend.
My condition last night was such that I ought
to have been at home, and I am little better
this morning. I was surprised last night to
find mine was not a single case. It would seem
an epidemic prevailed from the number of
members who were reported to be detained
from the House last evening by illness. I hope
with this favorable weather there will be a
better sanitary condition.
Mr. PRICK. I suggest we meet at eleven
o'clock in the morning.
M r. B O (J T VV ELL. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all debate
oil tlie pending section be closed in ten min-
utes after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
The House, under the order heretofore made,
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change and more
effectually secure the collection of internal
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and to
amend the tax on banks.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Price, to add at the end of sec-
tion fifty the following:
Provided, No distilled spirits shall bo removed
from tho place of distillation until the tax provided
for in this act sball_ have been paid, anything con-
tained in this and in any law to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr. PRICE. I will modify the amendment
by striking out the words "place of distilla-
tion," and inserting " distillery warehouse
so that it will read "No distilled spirits shall
be removed from the distillery warehouse."
Mr. SCHENCK. That is an amendment in
the first degree. I now 
The CHAIRMAN. The House was divid-
ing and tellers were about to be ordered for
lack of a quorum. Nothing is in order until
that is settled.
Mr. SCHENCK. There was no decision
declared.
The CHAIRMAN. There has been a vote
by voice and by raising. Nothing can arrest
the decision of the House. The Chair appoints
as tellers Messrs. Price, and Hooper of Mas-
sachusetts.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 08, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to amend
the section as amended by striking out all after
the word " country," in the sixteenth line. I
had supposed, as a matter of course, that no
decision bad been made last evening at the
adjournment and that the committee would go
On this morning with an opportunity for some
explanation of tho amendment. I take this
opportunity, however, to make the amend-
ment which 1 have offered, which by including
two or three words at the end of the section
as it stood will strike out the amendment
which has just been agreed to.
Now, I desire to say to the committee, with
no feeling on this subject in behalf of the bill
or the system which it proposes, that by the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Price,] and which is now renewed
conversely by myself, the whole question is
brought up whether we shall abandon and
crush out tho export trade altogether or in
any degree and under any regulation retain it.
It has already been agreed in Committee of the
Whole that so far as the removal of spirits from
the distillery warehouse for the purpose of
consumption in the United States is concerned,
it must always be taxed, then and there, so
that there is nothing whatever to prevent that.
Then comes the question, shall it be removed
for any other purpose whatever without the
prepayment of the tax? The bill provides
that it may go directly to an export ware-
house to be sent immediately on board of a
vessel to go abroad. The bill provides that
it may be used in the manufacture of certain
compounds, of which alcohol is the principal
component^ part, for the purpose of actual
transportation. The bill also provides that
being redistilled into alcohol to meet the
growing demand abroad it may be exported.
Slaking these exceptions, and providing as we
have fully and sufficiently against abuse in
carrying out these objects, the bill requires
prepayment of the tax upon all spirits used in
the country taken from the distillery ware-
house for consumption in the United States.
That saves the export trade.
Now, the position taken by the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Prior] and those who agree
with him puts an end to all export trade what-
ever. The committee decided last night not
to convert the export trade into a system by
which, instead of going without prepayment
of tax, these articles might be sent abroad
and a drawback allowed. That question being
settled, the gentleman now proposes to put an
end to the export trade, requiring the repay-
ment of tax and not allowing any drawback.
AH I have to say is that every one conversant
with the subject knows perfectly well that I put
it as a proposition really before the committee
when 1 say it is a proposition to crush out and
put an end to the exportation of aleoholh
spirits entirely from this country. What w 
carry abroad, as has been explained before and
as is now provided for by amendment to this
bill, is only alcohol and rum. Alcoholic spirits
in those two forms does go abroad, to an
amount of nearly five million dollars a year,
to Hamburg, Smyrna, and some other ports of
the Mediterranean, and the trade is increasing.
Mr. LOGAN. You mean gallons; it is
more than that in dollars.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is more than that in
dollars. The statistics of the last two years
show it to be very considerably and rapidly
increasing, although it had not been very
material up to 1867, when it first came up to
about three million dollars. Now, believing
as I do, that we can, and that the bill provides
for enabling us to do so, carry out a system of
export trade without at the same time endan-
gering tho collection of the tax justly due upon
that which is consumed in the country, the bill
was so framed, and it is for the House to
determine which side they will take on this
subject; which horn of the dilei jma ; to give
up exports entirely, because they believe that
there can be no sort of protection, no security
given by law, which I utterly disbelieve, or
else allow the bill to stand as it is.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, the House will
remember that last night we proposed to guard
this drawback principle, so that no drawback
should be allowed unless the parties could
prove that the liquor had paid the tax at the
port whence it was shipped, and also that it
had been delivered and received at the place
that it was consigned to, so as, if possible, to
avoid frauds in the matter. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means opposed
that measure, and it was .defeated ; so that aa
the question stands before the committee to-
day we can only export, without the payment
of the tax, all liquors that the manufacturers
say are for exportation, and we must take
their word for it. It is no secret to this House,
and it is no secret to the country, that ever
since this tax was levied upon distilled spirits
we have been cheated from the beginning to
the end. At the last session of Congress,
when the Committee of Ways and Means came
in with their system of locks and bars and
bolts, they told us confidently—and I have no
doubt they believed it—that they had adopted
a system by which the distillers could not cheat
the Government out of its revenue ; but you
see that they have cheated it out of four fifths
of all, that was due us. And now, in my
judgment, and in the judgment of two thirds
of the House, as the vote this morning demon-
strates, the only way left is to close up all the
side doors and to compel the manufacturer of
distilled spirits to pay the tax on it before it
leaves the place of distillation.
Now, suppose for the sake of the argument
that the chairman of the Committee of Waya
and Means makes, that it does kill the export
traffic. I need not say to gentlemen of this
House or to the country, who have watched the
progress of this matter, that where we make
one dollar by the export trade in alcohol we
lose, by being defrauded of the tax on distilled
spirits, more than ten dollars ; or, as a friend
near me suggests, more than $100. So that
even if we should kill the export trade we will
liav£ saved nine dollars if not ninety-nine dollars
where we lose one. That is the plainest prop-
osition in the world, and I am only surprised
that a gentleman of the sagacity and research
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means should advocate for a moment any
system by which the distillers should be allowed
to defraud the Government out of the tax due
