1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
tion to liave the bill recommitted, if the Senate
think it ought to receive further consideration,
but I have stated what was the origin of the
bill. Certainly the case that gave rise to it is
a very proper one to receive attention, as we
do not waut such a person as that in this coun-
try, and there ought to be some means by
which the Executive should be authorized to
surrender him up to the country whence he
came.
Mr DAVIS. I think this bill ought to be
recommitted. It is a principle of oar Govern-
ment as well as of the Government of Eng-
land that political criminals shall have an
inviolable asylum within our borders. Of
course, the bill ought to be so guarded as that
the rights of asylum of political offenders shall
not possibly be infringed upon. But for the
last thirty years it has been the practice of
some of the German Governments, especially
the smaller Governments, to make a general
jail delivery from time to time, by liberating
their criminals, on condition that they would
come to the United States. Various of our
consuls in the course of thirty years have made
report of the smaller German Powers having
sent sometimes as many as twenty or thirty
criminals at a time. Of course, persons that
are released from prison after having commit-
ted heinous offenses ought not to be allowed
to come into our country. I think that the
bill ought to b'e recommitted, with a view to
being cautiously redrawn to embrace the latter
class of cases, and not possibly to embrace
the case of men who have committed a nomi-
nal crime abroad growing out of politics.
Mr. STEWART. i have no objection to the
recommitment, of the bill; but, so far as the
objection suggested is concerned, I think it
can be cured by the insertion of one word, by
using the word "satisfied," so as to read,
"where the conviction has not been satis-
fied." Then there would not be any one sent
back who had served out his time. I think
the bill, with that amendment, would answer
the entire purpose, and probably would be in
as good shape as we can get it.
Several Senators. Let it be recommitted.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I have no
objection to that.
Mr. MORTON". I desire to say one word
on the proposed amendment suggested by the
Senator from Nevada and the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio. If we were to con-
vert this into a general extradition treaty it
would be in favor of Governments that do not
accord the same right to us. We give the
right of extradition now to Governments who
accord that right to us, and we do not intend
to extend it beyond such Governments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me ask the Sena-
tor from Indiana whether he wants criminals
here from other countries, whether they send
ours back or' not. Take the case which has
given rise to this bill; he certainly does not
want that person in the United States.
Mr. MORTON. We do not want criminals
here; but we do not want a law on the statute
book under which there may be gross oppres-
sion and outrage of individual rights.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course not.
Mr. MORTON. What does this bill pro-
vide? ''That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized, upon
the production of satisfactory proof"—that is,
satisfactory proof to him—" that a person so
arrested, tried, and convicted of either of said
crimes as aforesaid has entered the United
States," to seize and send that man back.
This " satisfactory proof" may be an ex parte
affidavit. It should not be done in any case
except upon the production of the record of
his conviction and proof of his identification,
and that under rules and regulations prescribed
by law. It does not refer merely to the case
of a man who has escaped the punishment due
to his crime; he may have suffered his punish-
ment ten years ago and have come here with-
out the connivance of his Government; and
this second section authorizes the President to
seize that man and send Mm back upon proof
that is satisfactory to himself. The private
testimony of one of his friends maybe satisfac-
tory to him ; and upon this proof thus satis-
factory to him the rights of a man are to be
destroyed. We cannot afford to pass a law of
that kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Hendricks,] to recommit the bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make a single
remark on that. This subject is not new to
this Chamber. It came up some two years ago
on a bill reported by the Committee on For-
eign Relations. That bill simply provided that
our Government should protest to all Govern-
ments with which we were in diplomatic rela-
tions against sending their criminals to our
shores, and it further declared that if any Gov-
ernment persevered in so doing we should re-
gard such conduct as unfriendly in character.
That at the time was all that the committee
having the subject in charge thought that they
could recommend to the Senate. That was
adopted. If since then any such abuses have
been continued it is easy to see that there is
now occasion for some more active measure
than there was formerly, though, I confess, from
the examination I gave the subject at the time,
I felt the intrinsic difficulty of dealing with it.
According to the genius of our institutions, of
course, every person is entitled to a trial in
some form or other; and indeed our institu-
tions, I need not say, contemplate a trial by
jury, and it is only in peculiar cases and by
virtue of extradition treaties that a person is
taken into custody and handed over to justice
without a trial by jury.
Mr. MORTON. Ilealways hasatrial, never-
theless.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely mention that to
open to the Senate what seems to me to be
the intrinsic difficulty of this subject. I hope,
therefore, that the bill will be recommitted,
and that the committee will look at it in the
light of the present discussion. I think we all
must be anxious to provide some remedy for this
abijse.
" "Mt. SAULSBURY. I understood yester-
day that House bill No. 439, additional and
supplementary to the so-called reconstruction
laws, was to be taken up at one o'clock to-day;
and, if it be in order, I move now that that bill
be taken up for consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will not the Senator
allow us to vote on the motion to recommit
the pending bill, so as to dispose of it ? There
will be no further debate, I think.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well, then; Iwith-
draw my motion for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from In-
diana, to recommit House bill No. 719 to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to. .f
IMPEACHMENT Of PRESIDENT JOHNSON.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the indulgence of
the Senator from Delaware to enable me to
make a report, from a select committee and
ask for action on it at this time.
The select committee to whom was referred
the message of the House of Representatives
respecting the impeachment of Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, have had
the same under consideration, and have in-
structed me to present the following resolution
to the Senate for its action :
Whereas the House of Representatives, on the 25th
clay of the present month, by two of their members,
Messrs. Thaddeus Stevens and John A. Bikihiaji,
at the bar ot the Senate, impeached Andrew John-
son, President of tho United States, ot high crimes
and misdemeanors in office, and informed the Senate
that the House of Kepreseutativcs will in due time
exhibit particular articles of impeachment against
him and make good the same; and likewise de-
manded that the Senate take order lor tho appear-
ance of said Andrew Johnson to answer to the said
impeachment: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Senate will take proper order
thereon, of which due notice shall be given to tho
House of Representatives.
And the committee further recommend to
the S.enato that tho Secretary of the Senate be
directed to notify the House of Representa-
tives of the foregoing resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that an order be
made directing the Secretary to transmit the
resolution just adopted, which is in the usual
form, to the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be done, as a matter of course, without any
formal order.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R No. 601)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1869, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 223) in rela-
tion to islands in the Great Miami river.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. Nt>. 290) to establish and
declare the railroad and bridges of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company as hereafter constructed a post road,
and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
104) authorizing the transmission through the
mails, free of postage, of certain certificates
by the adjutant general of New Hampshire.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 270) for the tem-
porary relief of destitute persons in the Dis-
trict of Columbia with an amendment, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
SUPPLEMENTARY ItECOXSTKUCTION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 439) additional and supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 18(37, and the acts
supplementary thereto ; the question being on
Mr. Davis's amendment to the motion of Mr.
Doolittle, to refer the hill to the Committee
on the Judiciary with instructions.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the bill
under consideration and the act of which it is
amendatory are, in my judgment., measures
which, if administered in accordanco with their
intent and meaning, will abolish Government,
destroy property, render liberty defenseless,
and destroy society. As the enunciation of
this proposition may subject me to the animad-
version of those whose judgments in respect to
public measures are formed without reflection,
study, or investigation, and whose action is
governed only by the spirit, however extrava-
gant, of the passing hour, I will commend to
such the words of Madame De Stael, who has
very justly remarked that—
" Opinions which differ from tho ruling spirit, be
that what it may. always scandalize the vulgar;
study and examination can alone confer that liber-
ality of judgment without which it is impossible to
acquire new lights, or even to preserve those which
wo have; for we submit ourselves to certain received
ideas, not as to truth, but as to power, and it is thus
that human reason habituatos itself to sorvitude."
At the last session of Congress I discussed
the then proposed reconstruction measure as
fully as I considered necessary, and attempted
to demonstrate the want of constitutional au-
thority in Congress to cnaet it. I shall not
repeat that argument now, but will briefly
endeavor to show the correctness of the prop-
osition I have announced. In approaching the
discussion of this subject I am relieved from
all embarrassm'entunder which those who argue
in favor of the reconstruction plan of Congress
imagine its opponents to labor by their sup-
posed advocacy of the policy of the President
in reference to the same subject. While I am
utterly opposed to the former I have never ad-
vocated or approved the principle in which the
latter had its origin. Reconstruction by Coa-
