1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fe bruary 26;
or by the President is usurpation. De-
struction must precede reconstruction, and he
or they who reconstruct must first destroy.
But it is said that the people of the seceding
States destroyed their State governments by
rebelling against the Government of the United
States, and the question has frequently, during
this debate, been asked, and with apparent
sincerity, what State governments have those
people—the governments which they recognized
before the rebellion, those which they estab-
lished during the rebellion, or those which they
have formed since the termination of the war?
It is asserted by the advocates of congressional
reconstruction that the governments existing
in those States prior to the war were subverted
by those created during or in anticipation of
the war, at least by rebellion; that the latter
were absolutely null and void, because they
were hostile to the Government of the United
States, and that those set up, to use a congres-
sional, although not very appropriate, expres-
sion, since the warare illegal, withoutauthority,
being set up under presidential dictation and
without the consent of Congress, who alone,
being the legislative fower under the Consti-
tution, can prescribe or authorize the formation
of constitutions, and on their own terms and
conditions, by the people of what wore once
the southern States.
I deny the correctness of every proposition
thus asserted. The people of the ten States
named in this bill have never at any time since
they became States of the Union been without
legal, binding, subsisting State governments.
Some of the provisions of some of the consti-
tutions of those States may have been repug-
nant to the Constitution of the United States,
and therefore void, but the constitutions them-
selves, subjectto this qualification, originatingin
the will of the people who framed and adopted
them, were legal and binding; they were the
supreme law of those States, and to them the
people of those States owed obedience. That
this is true in respect to the constitutions exist-
ing there piior to the war will not be ques-
tioned.
The proposition is equally true in respect to
those formed or claimed to exist during the
war. Suppose the convention now sitting at
Albany for the purpose of revising the consti-
tution of that State should incorporate in it
an article declaring that New York was not
and is not a State in the Union,' and that the
constitution of that State, being submitted to
the people for their ratification or rejection,
should be by them ratified, would that one
article vitiate the whole instrument, render it
void, and place the people of that State in a
condition of having no constitution and State
governmental all? And would it be compe-
tent for Congress to frame or authorize, upon
terms and conditions that they might deem
proper, another and wholly different constitu-
tion for the peopU: of that State? Suppose
the constitution framed by that convention and
ratified by the people should contain a further
and more obnoxious provision, that the people
of New York owed no allegiance to the Fed-
eral Government, were not citizens of the Uni-
ted States, but owed allegiance to the queen of
Great Britain and were her liege subjects, would
such a provision wholly vitiate such constitu-
tion and cause it to be wholly null and void ?
Assuredly not. And why? Because such a
provision, being repugnant to the Constitution
of the United States, which is the supreme
law, anything in the constitution and laws of
any State to the contrary notwithstanding, would
be void ; and the people of that State, being
unaffected in their constitutional relations to
the people and Government of the United
States thereby, they would, notwithstanding
isueh void provision in their constitution, con-
tinue citizens of the United States; and such
constitution, in all other respects, being their
voluntary act and deed, would be to them fund-
amental, and organic law. A contrary doc-
trine admits the power of the citizen to destroy
his citizenship and renounce his allegiance
without expatriation and compliance "with the
naturalization laws of any foreign Power, and
while remaining within territory included in
the limits and subject to the laws and Consti-
tution of the United States. It admits the
doctrine of secession and the right of the citi-
zen to determine for himself, without reference
to the will of the Federal Government or of
the people, whether that right shall or shall
not fie exercised.
But it may be said that if such a renuncia-
tion of citizenship and of allegiance, on paper,
merely by an individual or by all the citizens
of a State, unaccompanied by the use of force to
make it effectual, would not change his or their
legal or rightful relations to the Federal Govern-
ment or destroy the constitution and govern-
ment of a State, the use of such force, being an
act of rebellion, would have that efFect. How ?
Why? The Constitution of the United States
gives to Congress the authority to suppress
rebellion and to protect a State from domestic
violence. It was never contended, and will
not be contended, that the whisky insurrection
in Pennsylvania and Shay's rebellion in Mas-
sachusetts, whether those combinations of the
people were or were not too powerful to be
suppressed by State authority unassisted by
that of the United States, had the efFect to
destroy the constitutions and governments of
those States, Rebellion, then, of a portion of
the people of any State, cannot destroy the
constitution and government to which they
owed obedience. To have that efFect, then, it
must be necessary, I suppose, in your judg-
ment, that the insurgents or rebels shall have
usurped and possessed themselves of the ma-
chinery, so to speak, of the State govern-
ments. Is your authority to intervene, or its
nature, character, and extent, to bo affected
by the mere fact of the degree of power and
the extent of usurpation by the insurgents?
The authority is conferred upon you to enable
you to maintain and enforce the proper rela-
tions of the people and of the State to the
Federal Union, not to destroy that relation or
to assist or permit that relation to be destroyed.
It is conferred that the existence of the State
and the continuance of its government as a
part and member of the Federal Union shall
bo assured and perpetuated, not that they
shall be terminated and made to cease.
The same consequences and none other re-
sult to the people of a State and to the State
itself as a body-politic, as a government being a
constituent member of the Federal Union upon
the suppression of a rebellion, whether the in-
surgents acted under or in defiance of the
forms of law, whether they usurped or ignored,
or allowed an opposing faction or party to re-
tain or assume to exercise the governmental
power iu the State. The rebellion being sup-
pressed cither by State or Federal authority,
the proper relations of the State to the Union
exist, and the duty and obligations of its citi-
zens, both to itself and to the Federal Govern-
ment, remain unaffected and are determined
in reference to itself by the constitution of the
State, to the Federal Government by the Con-
stitution of the United States. That relation
is obedience to the constitution and laws of
each to the extent to which that obedience is
due, and protection by each subject to the right
of each judicially to try and punish, according
to law, individuals guilty of crime previously
defined of treason 01- rebellion against either,
if treason or rebellion has been committed.
But suppose the insurgents have usurped the
authority of the State, and have possessed
themselves of its government, who, it may bo
asked, are to administer that government upon
their dispersion or upon the suppression of
their rebellion ? I answer those, and those
only whom the people of the State shall desig-
nate. If, during the existence of the rebellion,
they have been subjected to a government de
facto, established over them witli power to pro-
tect those who yielded obedience to it, and to
punish those refusing obedience, such govern-
ment was obligatory upon them. They were
justified, or at least excused, in yielding obedi-
ence to it, and they rightfully incurred all the
consequences of disobedience to it. The Fed-
eral Government having vindicated its consti-
tutional authority over the people of the State
has discharged its duty and exhausted its
authority, and the people of the State, in the
exercise of their inherent and constitutional
right of self-government, can alone determine
whether they will continue to live under the
constitution and laws in existence and in force
at the time of the suppression of the rebellion
or the overthrow of the de facto government,
or whether they will amend them or form and
enact others in their stead.
This, sir, is no new doctrine. It is as old as
the existence of governments among men.
Even in cases of foreign and aggressive war,
a war of conquest, all the institutions and
laws existing among the conquered at the time
of the conquest not repugnant to the constitu-
tion or fundamental law of the conquering
power, remain in force and continue to be bind-
ing upon the inhabitants of the conquered terri-
tory until they are abrogated by the only au-
thority which has legal power to annul them,
and to enact others in their stead. In the cases
of civil war and in wars which have resulted in
the change of dynasties and rulers the laws of
the people in existence at the time of the change
have remained in force as rules of action to be
observed and obeyed by the people until such
laws have been repealed or annulled by com-
petent authority. Such was the ease among
the different republics and peoples of Greece.
Such was the case in Rome, whose form of
government and administration were subject to
such frequent and different changes. The his-
tory of France, and of England, and of every
other modern nation, attests the correctness of
this proposition; and the bill under considera-
tion furnishes the only anomaly and exception
to the uniform practice and example of the
different nations of the world, either in ancient
or modern times. Prior to our late civil war,
the views I have presented in reference to the
binding force and authority of these constitu-
tions would not have been seriously questioned
by any intelligent and well-informed lawyer or
statesman. That war has had the effect with
many, at least,_not only to debauch morals,
to destroyall just conceptions of fundamental
law and of the essential and inherent principles
of both civil and constitutional liberty. The
principles which underlie and which constitute
the basis of our Federal system of government
are by many wholly misunderstood, grossly
perverted, or willfully ignored. Thedoctrineor
principle which I have asserted to be true, in
reference to the existence and binding force
upon the people of the southern States of the
constitutions under which they professed to live
during the war, is older than the discovery of
the American continent. It is the uniform doc-
trine of allmodern nations. It is the adjudged
law both in England and in the United States.
To the law and to the testimony on this sub-
ject I have had occasion heretofore iu this
body to cite the authorities to which I am now
about to refer; but as they are pertinent to the
question under discussion I will again call the
attention of the Senate to them. Says Black-
stone, volume 4, page 221:
"'A usurper who lias g9t possession of the throne is
,1 king witinn the meaning of the statute, as there is
a temporary allegiance duo to him for hi? adminis-
tration of the Wernmcnt and temporary protec-
ts]11 o°/< * 11T1r v*t lhorefore treasons eommit-
) ,nry,,\i wero punished under Bd-
waid j\ , though all tile line of Lancaster had been
previously declared usurpers by act of Parliament
When, therefore, a usurper is in possession t ,n «,,l\
ectis excused and justifiedinobeS ^living
his assistance; otherwise, under a usurpation, no
Ltsc\c V'the had ailght
to hang mm for obedience to the powers in beinsr. as
tho usurper would certainly do for disobedience."
This s tatute was only declaratory of what the
law was before its enactment, and in accordance
with the general practice and acknowledged
law of all nations. It not only justifies obedi-
ence to existing law under a usurpation, but
it recognizes the temporary validity of such
aw and exempts from punishment obedience
thereto. It does more ; it completely refutes
and absolutely destroys tho position taken by
