4504
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
tions on the commerce between the United
States and our northern neighbor. -•
In proposing the second clause I seek to re-
move any possible confusion from the importa-
tion of articles produced under a low scale of
excise duties, and I learn that the late Cana-
dian minister of finance deems it quite possi-
ble to bring their excise to an adjustment with
those rales with which our people will be sat-
isfied when our revenue system is fully revised,
for I presume no one anticipates the perma-
nence of our present excise. We all admit
that our industry must be relieved from its ex-
isting burdens, and that a few duties imposed
on luxuries and stimulants, as in England and
France, can be made more productive of reve-
nue than the present system.
The third proposition, "that the navigation
of the" great lakes and of the canals und chan-
nel of the St. Lawrence shall bo forever free
and open to citizens of the United States and
Canada," was a wise provision of the treaty of
1854, to which I am not aware that any objec-
tion was made. We extend to the Canadian
the freedom of Lake Michigan and the use of
the Superior ship-canal in exchange for the use
by American vessels of the Welland canal and
the canals and channel of the Lower St. Law-
rence, with its tributaries. I again quote from
Mr. Harvey's essay:
_ "Thelakesand theirconnectingrivershavea coast
lmo of upward of four thousand miles—h;ilf British,
half American. At numerous points Canada and the
States actually indent each other. Hero Canadian,
there American railroads and canals offer to the
joint commerco of the two countries the shortest
transit, the cheapest and most rapid means of con-
veyance from East to West. Here Canadian, there
American markets are the hest or the most conven-
ient for the people of the neighboring districts to buy
or soil-in. Ife has been permissible since 1855 for the
inhabitants of either side of tho frontier freely to use
the facilities,afforded by the other, and a trade has
grown up which, though before reciprocity it never
exceeded $13,000,000 per annum, now averages about
forty million dollars, surpassing what the entire for-
eign commerce of the States was for several years
after tho beginning of their Government."
In regard to the fourth proposition, "that
Canadian vessels'in American ports shall be
entitled to all the privileges of American ves-
sels in Canadian ports," I would establish the
principle of full reciprocity, leaving it to the
committee to establish its practical working.
It may be obnoxious in some degree to those
who wish to keep up restrictions upon our
inland navigation for the benefit of the ship-
building and ship-owning interest, but the
great and permanent necessity of the western
producer is cheap transportation, and the gen-
eral welfare now demands as much competition
as possible in the coasting and carrying trade
of the lakes. I believe the practical operation
of this clause would add ten per cent, to the
value of wheat and other agricultural products
of the Northwest and the same time that it
cheapen them by that much to the eastern con-
sumer in the reduction of freights. Public
sentiment in the West is clamorous, and with
good reason, for the removal of every obstruc-
tion and the enlargement of every facility in
this matter of the movement of produce to
market. The shores of Superior and Michigan
must be made as accessible from the ocean as
the_ Levant and the Crimea are accessiblc by
grain transports through the Mediterranean.
_ Mr. Harvey concludes his essay with a con-
sideration of the last important article of the
treaty:
"That which secures to the "United States the right
of using our canals, and enables Canadian vessels to
navigate Lake Michigan. This, the article which
perhaps most deeply concerns the western States,
appears to be that which has led to all the agitation
hostile to tho treaty. Freedom to use our canals
especially on the liberal terms fixed by the Canadian
Government, has naturally interfered, with the mo-
nopoly of transport enjoyed by those of New York
fetate, whose policy has always been to raise as much
revenue from tolls as the western producers could
be made to pay. Buffalo and New York conse-
quently first took ground against the treaty, and the
committee on commerce of the New York Legisla-
ture, in reporting against it, plainly showed their
animus in the complaint that we have 4 built canals
and railroads in Canada to compete with American
interests,' and 'engaged in fruitless but persist-
ent efforts to divert the trade of the western States
from the natural channels it had already formed.'
Let tho Legislature of New York be answered by that
of the State of Illinois. The commissioners from
that State, appointed under resolution of the 14th
of February, 1863, to confer on the subject of trans-
portation with the Canadian authorities, said in their
memorial:
44'For several years past, a lamentable waste of
crops already harvested has occurred in consequence
ot the inability of the railways and canals leading to
tho sea-board to tako off the excess. The Northwest
seems already to have arrived at a point of produc-
tion beyond any possible capacity for transportation
which can be provided, except by the great natural
outlets. It has for two successive years crowded tho
canals and railways with moro than one hundred
million bushels of grain, besides immense quantities
of other provisions and vast.numbers of cattle and
hogs. This increasing volume of business cannot bo
maintained without recourse to the natural outlet
of tho lakes.'" * * * * 44 4 Tho St. Law-
ronoo furnishes for tho country bordering upon the
lakes a natural outlet to the sea.'
'""Our canal system, then, though it may competc
with that of New York, does not appear to the rep-
resentatives of Illinois to be 'hostile to American
interests.5 Wo have not yet succeedod in affording
so much leliefas we could wish to the bursting gran-
aries of tho West. Owing to a combination of causes
wo only transported in 1803 thirteen million three
hundred thousand bushels of wheat through the AVell-
and canal, of Avhieh but three million three hundred
and threo thousand bushels passed on down the St.
Lawrence; but oven this must have been of great
assistance to western produccisand forwarders. Wo
hope, howover.soon to do better than this. Wehavo
now but one grain portage railway connecting Lako
Eric with Lako Ontario. Wo hope soon to have
thro©. Wc contemplate the enlargement of our exist-
ing canals, aud tho construction of another to con-
nect the Georgian Bay more directly with tho St.
Lawrencc, aud shall thus endeavor to roalizo the
ardent hopes of tho great West, 'whose fuLuro pros-
perity depends,' say tho IllinoiscomuaissioHcrs,4 upon
choap transportation to foreign markets.'
Mr. 33rega, in his interesting and valuable
communication, addressed to Secretary McCul-
loch, says:
44The resolution calls for information 'as to the
nature of tho arrangements rnudo for securing to
American citizens tho freonavigation of the river St.
Lawrence, and the privilege of fishing in the waters
adjacent to Canada/ Theso questions were embraced
in tho reciprocity treaty, and consequently upon tho
repeal of thatmoasure thev reverted to thocondition
existing previous to 1864. No arrangements or under-
standing havo been entered into binco the abrogation
of tho treaty, between the United States and tho
Government of Great Britain or of Canada with ref-
erence to tho subjects. But the Canadian Govern-
ment has seen fit to permit tho arrangement practi-
cally to continue in force, so far as our citizens are
conccrned, in tho hope, as tbey avow, that some
understanding will shortly bo entered into for liber-
alizing trade between the two countries, and their
desire, in the meantime, to do nothing winch might
bear un unfriendly interpretation. The freedom to
navigate Lako Michigan they do not consider as any
equivalent.
44 Strictly speaking, it can scarcely bo said that tho
* Tho value to tho western States of each addi-
tional facility for transportation cannot be overrated.
Each cent per bushel taken off the cost of carrying
their produce to market increases the value of their
annual crop by $6,500,000; they having raised in 18d2
six hundred and fifty million bushels of wheat and
corn.
Canadian Government has permitted the arrange-
ment under the reciprocity treaty to continue, as
thero is roally no regulation or order in council
upon the subject ofthe St.Lawrence. Since the term-
ination of the treaty American vessels desiring to
pass cither to or from the ocean through the bt.
Lawrence have asked permission in eachi case ot the
Canadian Government, and it has in no instance as
yet been refused. Lut the informal manner in which
this permission has been given, and the absence of
anv general regulation upon the subject, evidently
shows that the Canadian Government does not desiro
to have these special permitsregarded as precedents,
or as in any manner committing tho Government m
its treatment ofthe question hereafter, should no
general arrangement be entered into with the United
States. T
44 The free navigation ofthe St. Lawrence is a mat-
ter of necessity in the immense growth of the groat
Northwest. Already the various channels ol com-
munication for the produce of that vast territory to
tide-water, where it seeks the markets of the 'world,
aro crowded beyond their capacity at certain periods.
No artificial communications, no matter upon how
liberal a scale they may be constructed, will besut-
licient for tho almost immediate future. Apart from
tho question of direct trade between the upper lakes
and Europe, tho existing communication, even with
its limited canals, is ofthe lastimportance. It is not
exaggerating its consequences to assume that oven
a war for tho possession of the right to the natural
outlet to our great lakes and the fertile, teeming
territory they drain, would bo less costly to us, m
its consequences, than the loss which the closing of
that outlet to our products would entail. And yet,
notwithstanding the gravity of this question and the
extent of the interests involved, our citizens enjoy
tho privilego at this moment solely through the
liberality ofthe Canadian Government, without any
understanding whatever of an official or even un-
official character, and without tho right to enter a
complaint if the permission to use that river was
refused.
44It is useless to go into tabular statements to show
that up to this time tho St. Lawrence has not been
used to any great extent as an outlet for American
produce. It is not necessary to advert to the import-
ant indirect influence which tho fact of the exist-
once of this groat natural outlet has in the cheap-
ening of freights from the West. It is, as it were, a
standing menace against, tho tyranny which a single
route might enforce, and operates always as acheekm
this way. Tho argument that the St. Lawrence is of
little conscquence to the trade of tho \V est, becauso it
has not, up to this time, been used as an outlet for our
products, mighthavea degree of plausibility if it
could bo maintained that tho productiveness of the
great Northwest had reached its limits, and that the
crops of the past wero not to be exceeded by the har-
vests in thefuturo. The growth ot thewestern States
is of almost fabulous rapidity, as itis of gigantic pro-
portions, and who can pretend to set limits to its
manhood? Even at its present pace, how long will
it bo before tho produce of that region will choke up
all existing means of transportation V The day is not
far distant when the Mississippi and the St. Law-
rence will each he covered by vessels, floating to
less favored countries the generous fruits of the
boundless prairies, while the railroads and canals
within our borders will be burdened, also by the
overflowing harvests.
"The following is a statement of the length of the
St. Lawrence navigation, and the present capacity
of tho canals connected therewith. The St. Lawrence
navigations two thousand three hundred and eighty-
five miles long, and eight canals, of which seven are
Canadian and ono American, havo been built to
make it practicable for all its length. The annexed
exhibit shows the various distances and the size of
the canal locks:
Straits of Belle Isle to head of tide water, (Three
Rivers,) *...
To the Lachine canal, (Montreal,) 
Lachine canal     
To Beauharnois canal.. 
Beauharnois canal 
To Cornwall canal   
Cornwall canal 
To Farran's Point canal 
Farran's Point canal   
To Hapide Plat canal   
Rapide Plat canal 
To Iroquois canal...., 
Iroquois and Galop's canal 
To the Welland canal, (head of Lake Ontario,)..
Welland canal, (Lake Ontario to Erie,) 
To Sault Ste. Marie canal, (head of Lake Huron,)
Sault Ste. Marie canal, (United States,) 
To Fond du Lac, (Lake Superior,)..
Total.
ta
£3 •
■§ £
s'a
-5"®
fc
900
86
_
-
82
ir>£
m
-
IU
5
-
10}
-
4
■i)
28
625
.
Number and dimen-
sions of locks, in
feet.
I
j locks, 1>Q0 by -15 , . j [>
j 9 lock?, 2U(J by*45 U
| 7 locks, 200 by*55*!!!.!; y
| i lock, 200 by 15 ,7.' 9
! 2 locks, 400 by 4o777': y
o locks, 2(H) by -13 1 y
9 ©
•2«2
72$
27 locks, 150 by 2.6s ...i X0i
i lock, 350"b*5:"7o"at'"'l
top and 61 at bot- j
torn   "[>>
Number of locks, 57. J
442
48
4
11:
r>;
330
12
i 546 s-
