1868.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
POST EOAD.
Mr. VAN AUKEN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1065) to estab-
lish a post road; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
duties of globe reporters.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for reference
to the Committee on the Rules. It is not done
for the purpose of complaint against the re-
porters for the Globe, but in order to define
their duties, which are not now defined by any
strict rule upon the records of this House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Revolved, That it shall be the duty of thereporters
for the Congressional Globe to report in fall each
distinct proposition, motion, resolution, or bill, and
each amendment or modification thereto, or substi-
tute therefor, offered for the consideration of this
House by any Member or Delegate.
There was no objection ; and the resolution
was received and referred to the Committee
on the Rules.
sale 03? site op fort covington.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs a joint resolution (II. R. No. 204)
to provide for the sale of the site of Port Cov-
ington, in the State of Maryland.
There was no objection ; and the joint reso-
lution was received and read a first and second
time. It authorizes and directs the Secretary
of War to sell, after thirty days' notice in two
daily papers of the city of Baltimore, a certain
tract of land belonging to the United States,
situate within the limits of Baltimore city, on
the Patapsco river, Maryland, known as Fort
Covington, containing about two and three
quarters acres, more or less, with all the tene-
ments, rights, and privileges pertaining thereto;
and that the proceeds of such sale, after first
defraying the expenses of the same, shall be
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD. That joint resolution is
based upon the following letter of General
Grant:
was department,
washixgton city, January 8.1&6s.
sik: I have the honor to send herewith, for the
consideration of the proper committee, a draft of
a joint resolution having for its object the sale of tho
site of J?ort Covington, in the city of Baltimore,
Maryland, and to recommend its passage by Con-
gress.
Vcry respectfully, your obedient servant,
U. S. GBANT,
Secretary of War ad interim.
Hon. schuyler colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. GARFIELD. This recommendation
was made by the War Department, and the
committee have reported it unanimously. The
property is not now in use, and is of no value
whatever to the Government, but will sell for
some money.
Mr. PAINE. I wish the gentleman to in-
form the House how long since this property
has been in use.
Mr. GAKFIELD. It really has never been
in use by the Government. It has been owned
by it for a long time, and the Government does
not want to use it. The War Department say
they have no expectation that they will ever
need it. The resolution as sent from the War
Department by General Grant provided that
the money should be taken by the War De-
partment for use in any fortifications that here-
after might be built for Baltimore, but the
committee have modified it by providing that
the money be paid into the Treasury. The
joint resolution directs that thirty days' notice
of the sale shall be published- in the daily
papers of Baltimore. The Government never
built any fort on the land. It was the inten-
tion to build one, and the intended fort was
named in advance Fort Covington. The site
is a sand beach running out into the water,
and it is sometimes covered ly water. No
buildings have ever been erected on it. Gen-
tlemen best acquainted with the property are
entirely satisfied that it ought to be sold.
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the gentle-
man why it is not offered at public auction
instead of being sold at private sale, as directed
in the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is not a private sale;
it is to be advertised. The committee are of
opinion that the waste lands which the military
department of the Government does not need
had better be sold.
Mr. CHANLER. I am only asking why the
manner of sale is not made at public auction,
whereby the value of the property can be
tested byjcompetition.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would be entirely will-
ing to have that modification.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 offer that amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, But I think thirty days'
notice given in two daily papers will call all
the public attention necessary. The War De-
partment and the committee believe that the
proposed arrangements for the sale are ample.
Mr. CHANLER. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the House is expected to receive
the proposition made 6y the War Department
as a perfect thing? I think the resolution
should^ be modified so as to meet the usual
practice in the sale of lands.
Mr. GARFIELD. The committee have
modified the proposition as made by the War
Department.
Mr. CHANLER, Why not modify it as I
suggest ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
had better be modified. In the first place, I
would strike out the directory part of it, and
then authorize the sale to be made at public
auction to the highest bidder.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well; I am entirely
willing.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to knew
if the gentleman is sure there is no guano
deposit on the Sand bank? [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot tell about that.
Mr. CHANLER. We have had some very
serious questions about that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Theamend-
ment that I propose is to strike out the word
" directed," so as simply to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to sell, and then to insert the
words "at public auction to the highest bid-
der. ''
Mr. GARFIELD. I accept the modifica-
tion.,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to modify it in another respect, so
that it may come within the provisions of the
act of March, 1849. It provides that all the
proceeds of the sale shall be paid into the
Treasury " after defraying the expenses of the
sale." 1 propose to strike out the latter words.
Mr. GARFIELD. I accept that modifica-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the joint resolution will be modified accord-
ingly'
No objection was made.
Mr. PIIELPS. I wish to suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
as it is no doubt his desire and the desire of
the House that a propsr price shall be obtained
for this property, that the resolution be so mod-
ified as to authorize this tract of land to be sold
in parcels, if that mode of sale would result m
obtaining the largest amount of the whole tract.
I would also suggest that it be so modified as
to require the advertisement of the sale to be
inserted in five daily papers instead of two,
including the German paper of the largest cir-
culation in the district, the object being to give
the sale as much publicity as possible among
that class who would be glad to compete for
the property.
]Sr. GARFIELD. I think that to advertise
the sale in so many papers would be to incur
unnecessary expense. It seems to me that two
papers would be sufficient.
As to selling the tract in parcels, I think that
may safely be left to the Department, who have
no other interest than to obtain the largest
amount they can from the sale. If that is the
best method, they catx adopt it; but that may
not bo the best way.
Mr. PHELPS. I only want to leave it dis-*"
cretionary with the Department.
^ discretionary now.
Mr. 1 HELPS. Let the resolution be read.
Tho Clerk read the resolution, as amended,
as follows:
_ Resolved, &C That the Secretary of War he, andhe
is hereby, authorized to sell at public auction, to the
highest bidder, alter thirty days' notice in two daily
newspapers m tho city of Baltimore, a cortain traot
of land belonging to the United States, situate withm
the limits of the said city, on the Patapsco river
Maryland, known as the site of Fort Covington,con-
taining about two and three quarter acres, more or
less, with all tenements, rights, and privileges per-
taining thereto, and that tho proceeds of such sala
shall be paid into thcTreasary of tho United States,
Mr. PHELPS. I move to insert after the
word " sell" the words "in entirety or by sub-
divisions."
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the House will
consent to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move to strike out
"two" and insert "five," so as to provide
that the advertisement shall be inserted in five
newspapers.
Mr.. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will not press that amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. On the general principle
that governs business men in all large transac-
tions, I think the greatest publicity should be
given to this sale.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman will
make his amendment "three daily papers, in-
cluding one German paper," I will not object.
Mr. PHELPS. I will accept that modifica-
tion.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post routes in oiiio.
Mr. BEATTY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 10G6) to establish
post routes in Ohio ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
telegraph line to pucet sound.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1067) to establish tele-
graphic communication between military posts,
and for the construction of "a telegraph line to
Puget sound; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted indefinitely to
Mr. Hawkins after to-morrow.
georgetown and washington railroad.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia he directed to inquire into the expediency
of requiring the Georgetown and "Washington Rail-
road Company to run their cars at greater speed, and
to report by bill or otherwise. *
railroad grants.
Mr. ECKLEY, by unanimous conscnt, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back, with the recommendation -that it do not
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1029) to repeal a por-
tion of an act entitled ' 'An act to revive and ex-
tend the provisions of an act granting the right
of way and making a grant of lands to the States
of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from a point upon the
Mississippi river opposite the mouth of the
Ohio river, via Little Rock to'the Texas bound-
ary near Pulton, in Arkansas, with branches to
Fort Smith and the Mississippi river," ap-
proved July 28, 1866. , ,
Mr. ECKLEY. I will stfnply say that the
bill provides for repealing that provision at the
