1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4505
The St. Ours lock and the Chambly eanal connect the St. Lawrence and the Hudson, via tho Richoliou
river and Lake Champlain. Distance from Montreal to New York, 4o6 miles.
The annexed table gives the dimensions of the largest vessels which can pass through the various locks;
also, through the Champlain and Erie canals in the United States:
Longrth in
feet.
Breadth in
feet.
Draught of
water when
loaded.
Tonnage.
186
m
9
600
1421
26+
10
400
95
5
100
127
3H
5
250
114
23
6r
230
Champlain canal, (United States,) 
89
IBk
4
70
Erie canal, (United States,) 
102
17i
7
210
If the productions of the lake States shall
increase for the next tea years in the rate ob-
served since 1850, two hundred million bush-
els of wheat and six hundred million bushels
of corn will be moderate statements, with
equally wonderful results in the production of
provisions.
The State of Minnesota, producing an aggre-
gate of near twelve million bushels in 1867,
between thirty and forty bushels to every soul
of population, has not brought one twentieth
of her area under the plow, and to such a com-
munity the utmost freedom and encourage-
ment of navigation eastward and southward to
the sea is a most vital question.
The freedom of the Atlantic fisheries and a
common system of copyrights, patents, and
postages are desirable, and have already been
proposed, I learn, in Canada.
In regard to the cession of northwest Brit-
ish America and the stipulations of the sev-
enth article, I propose, for the most part, what
would be the free and voluntary course of our
legislation if the country west of longitude
90° was our own.
The Hudson Bay Company holds a charter
as old as, and very similar in terms, to the well
known grants to Lord Baltimore and to Wil-
liam Penn. Neither England uor Canada can
ignore the proprietory rights which exist under
the grant of that charter, or have resulted from
its repeated recognition ; nor could we if the
territory was freely ceded to the United States.
I would limit the expenditure for a quit claim
rather then leave it as an open question after
cession.
So with the assumption of the deficitbetween
revenue and expenditure which has produced
general dissatisfaction in British Columbia,
leading to a strong popular sentiment in favor
®f annexation to these States.
The only stipulation which would not other-
wise be unavoidable from the possession of
northwest British America, consists of the
assurance which 1 would make as a part of a
continental adjustment of commerceand bound-
aries in favor of the immediate construction
of the Northern Pacific railroad. Sir, such a
guarantee, whenever given, will determine the
destiny of northwest British America. Let
England first move as I have proposed, and
the relations of Selkirk and Saskatchewan and
Columbia, including Canada, will become
fixed and irrevocable as English provinces.
But it must be an immediate, ample subsidy,
making certain the construction of a continuous
railway from Halifax to Puget's sound, north
of latitude 49° before 1880.
The railway question is therefore vitally ger-
mane to the whole scope of an international
treaty. Hence no project is adequate to the
necessities of the subject before us unless it
comprehends thetopics which Ihave embraced
in this resolution. I feel confident that the
Committee on Foreign Relations will", on care-
ful consideration, concur in the opinion which
I now express.
Mr. President, this resolution assumes that
no commercial treaty should be concluded with
Canada which does not dispose of our relations
with northwest British America. The people
of Minnesota were not satisfied with the reci;
procity treaty of 1854, but have always favored
a commission to adjust the terms of a more
comprehensive treaty, and which should be
extended to the Territories west of Lake Su-
perior.
Since the cession by Russia of the extreme
northwest the public attention turns with in-
creased interest to the intermediate territory.
The Selkirk settlement immediately adjacent
to Minnesota, a recent migration of miners
from Montana to the sources of the Saskatch-
ewan, and the communities of British Colum-
bia and Yancouver'slsland, are the only local-
ities where civilized society is established. I
might speak of these settlements in some meas-
ure from personal observation; but I choose to
refer to a communication from Mr. Secretary
McCulloch, addressed June 12, 1866, to the
House of Representatives, in which after re-
sponding to a resolution calling for information
of our commerce with Canada, he availed him-
self of the opportunity to present more dis-
tinctly than on former occasions the commer-
cial relations of the western district of British
America (a region rapidly advancing in im-
portance) to the United States.
From this document and its inclosures I
ascertain that west of the nineteenth degree of
longitude, on the western boundary of Canada,
there is an immense domain of five hundred
and six thousand two hundred square miles, or
three hundred and twenty-three million nine
hundred and sixty-eightthousandacres—larger
than the whole inhabitable area of eastern
British America by one hundred thousand
square miles, and which in respect to soil,
climate, and mineral resources is more suit-
able for settlement.
The Treasury report enumerates these west-
ern districts as follows:
Square
milts.
1. Central British America, inclosed between
longitude 90° on the east, the Rocky mount-
ains on the west, and the forty-ninth and
fitty-fourth parallels ot latitude, and con-
taining the valleys of the Winnipeg, Red,
Assiniboin, Swan, Saskatchewan, and other
rivers tributary to Lake Winnipeg  360,000
2. Athabasca, a block of territory drained by
the sources of the river of that name, be-
tween 110° and 120° of longitude and 54°
and 58° of latitude, recently discovered to
bo lich m precious metals, and which is
described by Sir Alexander Mackenzie and
others as quite similarin climate and vege-
tation to Scotland   50,000
3. Sources of the Columbia, in Rritish Colum-
bia, now the scene of great excitement by
the discovery of the Big Bend and Kooto-
nais gold fields..... — 20,000
4. The valleys of the Frazer and Thompson
rivers, in British Columbia.  60,000
5. Vancouver Island  16,200
Total  506,200
" It is now well known that northwest of Minnesota
the country reaching from the Selkirk settlement
to tho Rocky mountains, and from latitude 19° k> 51°,
is as favorable to grain and animal production as
any of the northern States; that the mean tempera-
ture for spring, summer, and autumn, observed on
the forty-second and forty-third parallels in New
York, Michigan, and "Wisconsin, has been accurately
traced through Fort Snelhne and the valley of tho
Saskatchewan to latitude 55° on the Pacitic coa^st,
and that from the northwest boundary of Minnesota
this whole district of British America is threaded m
all directions by the navigable water-lines which
converge to Lake Winnipeg. English and American
exploration have also established in favor of this
district that its average elevation above the sea ls
far less than in American tcriitory; that the Rocky
mountains are diminished in width, while the passes
are not difficult; that the supply of rain is more
abundant, and the carboniferous and Silurian form-
ations aro of greater extent than further south, and,
owing to the greater* influence of the Pacific winds
through the mountain gorges and the reduced alti-
tude, that the olimate is no material obstacle to
civilized occupation.
" Itis unnecessary to repeat the narrative of Lord
Selkirk's colonization of the Red river of the North,
The present community of Selkirk settlement num-
bers five thousand, and are competent to assume any
civil or social responsibility which may be imposed
upon them. The accumulations from the fur trade
during fifty years, with few excitements or oppor-
tunities of expenditure, have secured general pros-
perity with frequent instances of affluence; while
the numerous churches and schools sustain a high
standard of morality and intelligence. A district on
the Red river from the international boundary at
Pembina to the mouth of tlieriverin Lake "Winnipeg,
and upon the Assiniboin river for a distance of
sixty miles west of its junction with the Bed river at
Port Garry, has acquired a civil organisation under
appointments of legislative councilors and magis-
trates by the Hudson Bay Company, which is ofB -
cially designated as' The Colony of Assiniboin.'"
I will not detain the Senate by detailed state-
ments. It is enough to add that the valleys of
the Red, the Assiniboin, and Saskatchewan
rivers east of the Rocky mountains are in my
judgment destined to produce as much wheat
as is now produced in European Russia north ot
Moscow, and that from this region of America
there will be an exportation of grain through
Lake Superior as important as the commerce
in breadstuff's from the Baltic.
Canada and the United States are equally
interested in the speedy settlement of these
northwestern districts; but, Mr. President, I am
constrained to believe that their colonization
will advance far more rapidly as States of the
American Union than if they are permanently
included in the Canadian confederation.
The railway system of the United States is
now extended eighty miles northwest of St.
Paul, and will soon reach Selkirk settlement;
while the nearest railway communication ot
Canada is eight hundred miles distant.
Then these communities are closely related
to Minnesota, Montana, and the Pacific States
by mails, express and telegraph lines, and com-
mercial intercourse.
I am not sure that I desire another reciprocity
treaty with Canada except on the basis herein
indicated of a permament and adequate ar-
rangement—an exchange for a liberal adjust-
ment of trade and intercourse along the valley
of the St. Lawrence and the lakes. Let Canada
and Great Britain cede the districts mentioned
of their remote and to them inaccessible north-
west, to be organized as Territories ofourUnion,
and closely associated with the immediate
construction of the Northern Pacific railroad.
For I will not admit, Mr. President, not for a
moment, that a single railway communication
from the Mississippi States to the Pacific States
will satisfy the wants of the country along the
route of such a communication from Lake Su-
perior to Puget's sound. Wheat-growing Min-
nesota and Dakota, gold-bearing Montana and
Idaho, and the maritime States of Oregon and
Washington are rapidly advancing to positions
which demand the same recognition of their
interests which you have extended to the com-
munities along the track of the Union Pacific
railroad. I would bring within the beneficent
influence of such an enterprise another cordon
of Territories with equal resources by nature,
and which ought to have been developed long
ago. Nor is this a local interest merely. The
nation will receive a thousandfold whatever aid
is temporarily extended to the conquest of the
wilderness.
India has constructed five thousand miles of
railway, and by a guarantee of five per cent, on
capital stock has mostly constructed them
with a prospect of speedy reimbursement for
the advances by Government, and with a won-
derful advent of national prosperity.
We of the Northwest have postponed our
Pacific railway in favor of a central line; but
we have not abdicated. That enterprise was
an initiative, a precedent, and with its success
now abundantly assured let there be no sug-
gestion of permanent monopoly. We expect
and shall claim a just and equal share ot (gov-
ernment recognition. . ,
In regard to the specific form of the national
! aid I will cheerfully concur >n any feasible
suggestion by the committee.
I had preferred a limited guarantee of fave
