THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
same limitation, giving him 110 power to fill
the vacancy by appointment during the session
of the Senate.
I pass now to the act of 1795. The act of
1792 is obsolete, has been superseded, and was
substantially the same as the act of 1795 ; and
what I have to say, therefore, of the act of
1795, ajiplies as well to the act of 1792. I
read froin.l Statutes-at-Large, page 415:
"X11 case of vacancy in the office of Secretary of
State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of tlie Secretary
of the Department of "War, or of any officer of either
of the said Departmcntswhose appointment is not in
the head thereof, whereby they cannot perform the
duties of their said respective offices, it shall bo law-
ful for the President of the United States, in case he
shall think it necessary, to authorize any person or
persons,at his discretion, to perform theduties of the
said respective offices until a successor be appointed
or such vacancy be filled: Provided, That no one
vacancy shall be supplied in manner aforesaid for a
longor term than six months."
There stood the act of 1789, unrepealed up
to this time, I admit, expressly authorizing the
President to create the vacancy, but restricting
him as to the control of the Department after
it was created to the chief clerk of the De-
partment. That is superseded by the act of
1795, in so far as the appointment is concerned,
by expressly providing and giving him the
additional power:
" It shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, in case he shall think Unnecessary, to author-
ize any per>on or persons, at his discretion, to per-
ioral the duties of the said respective offices until a
successor be appointed."
It was a grant of power to him. No grant
of power could be more plainly written. What
is the necessity of this grant if the defense
made here by the President as stated in his
answer and read by me to the Senate yester-
day be true—that the power is in him by virtue
of the Constitution? If it be, I ask to-day, as
I asked yesterday, how comes it that Congress
restricted this constitutional power to appoint-
ments not to exceed six months for any one
vacancy ? That is the language of the statute.
A111 I to argue with Senators that this term
" any one vacancy " excludes the conclusion
that the President could, upon his own motion,
multiply vacancies ad infinitum by creating
another at the end of the six months and mak-
ing a new appointment? Senators, there is
110 unbroken current of decisions to support
any such assumption.
There is no action of the executive depart-
ment at any time to support it or give color to
it, and there I leave it.
I ask the attention of Senators now to the
provisions of the act of 18C3, which also affirms
the absolute control of the legislative depart-
ments over this whole question of removal and
appointments, save and except always the ex-
press provision of the Constitution—which, of
course, the Legislature cannot take away—that
the President may fill up vacancies which may
happen during the recess of the Senate by
limited commission) to expire at the end of
their next session. The act of 1803 is in these
words:
"That in case of the death, resignation, absence
from the scat of Government, or sickness of the head
of any executive Department of the Government, or
of any officer of either of tile said Departments whose
appointment is not in the head thereof, whereby they
cannot perform the duties ol'their rcspectivcoffiees,
ic shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ise the head of any other executive Department or
other officer in either of said Departments whose
appointment is vested in the President, at his dis-
cretion, to perforin the duties of the said respective
offices until a successor be appointed or until such
absence or inability by sickness shall cease: Pro-
vided, That no vacancy shall be supplied in manner
afoiesaul ior a longer term than six months."
Senators, what man can read that statute
without being forced to the conclusion that the
Legislai tire thereby reaffirmed the power that
iliev affirmed in 1789, the power that they
alliiuied in 1795, to control and regulate by law
this asset ted unlimited power ol the Execu-
tive over either appointments or removals.
L"ok at the .statute. Is he permitted to choose
at ljrge from the body of the community to fill
tempoiaiily these vacancies? Not at all.
"It shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, in ease I10 shall think it necessary, to author-
ize the head of miy other executive Department, or other
officer of either of said Departmentft wht^ee appointment
is vested in the President"—
that is, the inferior officers—
" at bis. discretion, to perform the duties of the said
respective offices until a successor be appointed."
He is restricted by the very terms of the
statute to the heads of Departments or to such
inferior officers of the several Departments as
are by law subject to his own appointment, and
by that act he can appoint no other' human
being. There is the law; and yet gentlemen
stand here and say that the act of 1789 and the
act of 1795 were not repealed, when they read
the authority themselves to show that when two
statutes are repugnant and irreconcilable the
last must control and works the repeal of the
first. Here is the President by this act re-
stricted expressly to the heads of Departments
and to the inferior officers of Departments
subject to his appointment under law, and he
shall appoint no one else. Was that the pro-
vision of 1795? Do these statutes stand to-
gether? Are they by any possibility reconcil-
able. For the purpose of my argument it is
not needful that I should insist upon the repeal
of the act of 1795 any further than it relates
to the vacancies which arise from the cases
enumerated in the act of 1863. The act of
1888 is a reassertion of the power of the Legis-
lature to control this whole question ; and that
is the unbroken current of decisions from the
First Congress down to this day, that the Presi-
dent can exercise no control over this question
except by authority of law and subject to the
express requirements of law.
This brings me then, Senators, to the act of
1867, to which I referred yesterday, and which
I refer to now to-day in this connection for the
purpose of completing this argument and leav-
ing every man without excuse upon this ques-
tion as to t.he limitations imposed by law upon
the President of the United States, touching
this matter of appointment and removal of the
heads of Departments, and of all other officers
whose appointment is, under the Constitution,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate ; and my chief object in referring again
this morning to the act of 1867 is to show to
the Senate, what I am sure must have occurred
to them already, rather to perfect my own argu-
ment than to suggest any new thought to them,
that by every rule of interpretation, that by
every letter and word of law read in the con-
duct of this argument on behalf of the Presi-
dent by his counsel, the act of 1867, by neces-
sary implication, beyond the shadow of a doubt
repeals the acts of 1789 and of 1795 and leaves
the President of the United States subject to
the requirements of this law as to all that class
of officials. The language of this law is :
" That every person holding any civil (iffiee .to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate "—
That is, all past appointments at the time
of the passage of this law—■
" and every person who shall hereafter be appointed
to any such office, and shall become duly qualified
to act therein, is, and shall be, entitled to hold such
office until a successor shall have been in like man-
ner appointed and duly qualified, except as herein
otherwise provided."
How appointed? "In like manner ap-
pointed" by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and duly qualified and commis-
sioned under such appointment. All present
officials shall hold these offices. What becomes
of this grant of power in the act of 1789 to the
President to remove? What becomes of this
grantof power in the act of 1795 to make tem-
porary appointments for six months? What
becomes of the provision of the act of 1863
which authorized him to fill these vacancies
with the heads of Departments or by inferior
officers for a period not exceeding six months?
They all go by the board. There stands the
provision of the statute which 110 man can get
away from, concluding this whole question :
" That every person holding any civil office," *
1= * * " by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate," * * * "shall be en-
titled to hold such office until a succcasor shall have
been in like manner appointed and duly Qualified.'
Nothing could be plainer. There is no room
for any controversy about it. There is not an
intelligent man in Araeriea that will challenge
it for a moment. "Every person holding"
the office must include all persons holding toe
office. He shall continue to hold it—so the
statute says—until a successor shall, in like
manner, that is to say, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, be not only, ap-
pointed, but duly qualified. What room - is
there here, Senators, for any further contro-
versy in this matter? None whatever.
I referred yesterday to the proviso. I asked
the attention of Senators yesterday to the fact
that the elaborate argument of Mr. Curtis on
behalf of the accused declares in words, as you
will find it recorded in the report of the case,
that the present heads of Departments ap-
pointed by Mr. Lincoln are not by any express
words whatever within the proviso. He not
only made the statement in manner and form
as I now reiterate it in the hearing of the Sen-
ate, but he proceeded to argue to the Senate
to show that they were not even by implica-
tion within the proviso. And so his argu-
ment stands reported to this hour; and, so far
as I observed, really uncontradicted by any-
thing said afterward by any of his associates;
but if they did contradict it, if they did depart
from it, if they did differ with him in judgmeut
about it, they are entitled to the benefit of the
difference. I do not desire to deny them the
benefit of it. I only wish to say that it cannot
avail them. 1 only wish to say in the hearing
of Senators that the interpretation put upon
that proviso by the opening counsel for the
President, declaring that it did not extend to
nor embrace the existing appointments of the
heads of Departments under Mr. Lincoln, is
an admission that Mr. Stanton was entitled to
hold his office until removed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. The reason
given by Mr. Curtis was that there are no ex-
press words embracing the heads of Depart-
ments appointed by Mr. Lincoln. The further
reason given by Mr. Curtis was that there is
nothing which by necessary implication brings
thein within the operation of the proviso. If
they be not within the operation of th  pro-
viso, they are, by the very words of the statute,
within the body of the act. The counsel who
followed him for the President admitted that
the offices were within the body of the act.
The persons holding the- offices, by the very
words of the act " every person," are within
the body of the act, and they are to retain the
office, unless suspended for the special reasons
named in the second section, by the express
terms of the act, until a successor shall be, in
like manner, appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate and shall have been
duly qualified.
But I return to the proviso. The proviso is:
"Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of Wa.r, of the Navy, and of toe Interior,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney General,
shall hold their offices respectively tor and during the
term of the Pi evident by whom they may have been
appointed, and for one month, thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
This proviso manifestly, in the last clause
of it, stands with the general provisions of the
first clause of the section which I have read, that
they are at any time subject to removal by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. The
residue of the proviso is to limit the tenure of
office of the heads of these several Departments
appointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, by this limitation, that one month
after the expiration of the term of the Presi-
dent by whom they were appointed, their office
shall expire by mere operation of law, without
the inteivention of the Senate, without the in-
tervention of the President, without the inter-
vention of anybody. It was said here, very
properly, by the Attorney General, that ehect
must be given to every word in a written
statute. It is the law. ■ Effect must begi\en
to it, and such an effect as will carry out the
intent of the law itself. Give effect. Senators,
if yon please, to the words "during the term
of the President and for one month thereafter."
