1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1433
some Senators in this debate, that the people of
the southern States, who yielded obedience to
the confederate government, which they were
unable to resist, thereby were guilty of treason,
incurred its penalty, and forfeited all rights,
civil and political; which assumption has been
made the basis of authority in Congress to de-
clare that the governments of those States have
bsen destroyed, have ceased to exist, and of
establishing such governments over the south-
ern people as Congress should absolutely will.
But, sir, this doctrine has been solemnly ad-
judged to be true by the courts of this coun-
try, and has never been questioned by any
judicial authority having the power of ultimate
determination. In the case of Respublica vs.
Samuel Chapman, (1 Dallas, pages 53 to 60,)
decided in 1781, before the recognition of our
independence, the court held, Chief Justice
McKean delivering the opinion, that the State
of Pennsylvania having declared its independ-
ence of Great Britain, and having established
a government capable of affording protection
to the citizen, high treason might have been
committed against it by any person who was a
subject or citizen of the Commonwealth. The
court say:
"Allegiance being due from tho 28th of November,
1776, when, as already observed, the Legislature was
convened and the members of council were ap-
pointed, treason, which is nothing more than a crim-
inal attempt to destroy the existeneo of the Govern-
ment, might certainly have been committed before
the different qualities were defined and its punish-
ment declared by positive law."
And why ? Because treason being a crime
at common law, and protection and allegiance
being reciprocal, the power—organized polit-
ical power—that protects has the undoubted
right to command the obedience of those whom
it protects. The court in this case also ob-
serve :
"Pennsylvaniawasnotanation atwarwith another
nation, butacountry inastateof civil war, and there
is no precedent in the books what might be done in
that case; except where, indeed, a prince has sub-
dued the people who took up arms against him before
they had formed a regular government, which irf like-
wise inapplicable hore."
These cases; sir, recognize the binding force
temporarily, at least, of governments erected
or established over a people against their will.
If this doctrine be true, who can question the
validity of the constitutions ol the southern
States during the war so far, at least, as their
provisions were not repugnant to the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States made in
pursuance thereof, those constitutions being
freely formed by the people of those States re-
spectively, who alone were to be governed by
theig, and who alone had authority to frame
ancFadopt new constitutions or to remodel and
change existing ones. When it is considered
that all the powers possessed by Congress are
delegated powers, not inherent or original
powers, and that no such power as that to
frame or revise a constitution for a State can
be found delegated by the States in the Federal
Constitution to Congress, it follows logically
and conclusively that the formation and revis-
ion of such constitutions belong exclusively to
the people of the States respectively. And as
Congress has not the power of forming and
revising State constitutions, it necessarily fol-
lows that it has not the authority to determine
who of the people of a State shall or shall not
participate m the formation or revision of such
constitutions.
The people of each State, therefore, neces-
sarily determine such questions for themselves.
Tliey are proper subjects of their cognizance
and of their cognizance alone. If this be not
true there is no authority anywhere to originate
or give validity to State constitutions or to de-
termine by whom they shall be made or revised.
The Federal Government is not a consolidated
Government. Its powers can only be exercised
upon subjects exclusively committed to it by
the Constitution, or which has been by that
instrument vested in Congress, to be exercised
concurrently with the States. The legislative
authority of the General Government does not
extend to all matters necessary for the govern-
ment of the people or for regulating their
intercourse among themselves. This authority
can only be exercised upon subjects committed
or delegated to it by the Constitution. Upon
these subjects, and upon these alone, it can
legislate, and the exercise of this delegated
legislative authority must be direct by Con-
gress itself, and cannot be delegated as the act
of last session provides, because delegatus non
delegatus est. These powers of the General
and State governments have been very clearly
stated by Mr. Madison in the forty-fifth number
of the Federalist. He says the powers of the
Federal Government "will be exercised prin-
cipally on external objects, as war, peace,
negotiation, and foreign commerce." "The
powers reserved to the several States," he
says, " will extend to all the objects which in
the ordinary course of affairs concern the lives,
liberties, and properties of the people."
I pass to the consideration of the question,
are the constitutions which the people of the
ten seceding States framed and adopted after
the termination of the war valid and subsisting
constitutions of those States. I affirm that
they are. One reason alone is sufficient to
demonstrate this fact. They were framed and
adopted by the only authority, as I have already
shown, which had the legal power to frame and
adopt them—the people of the States respect-
ively. But it is said by some that they were
framed under executive dictation. Who raises
this objection ? Those who claim that the peo-
ple have not the right to frame constitutions
for themselves, however freely they may at-
tempt or assume to exercise that right, but that
it belongs to the objectors themselves. The
people of those States elected delegates to con-
ventions for the express purpose of forming
State constitutions which conform in all re-
spects to the Federal Constitution. Such con-
stitutions were formed. The people say that
these are their constitutions, and have organ-
ized and set in operation governments under
them. They declare they wish to live under
them, and they were enjoying the blessings of
the governments thus established until you, the
objectors, undertook to deprive them of them.
It matters not how many telegrams of an ad-
visory character the Presidentorthe Secretary
of State may have sent them. They were at
liberty to heed or disregard tho advice. What
they did was freely and voluntarily done, and
the best evidence of the fact is that they them-
selves so affirm.
A second objection is, that these constitu-
tions were never submitted to the people for
ratification. Is that your business or theirs ?
Who that claims respectable intelligence will
seriously urge this as a valid objection. The
legality of such constitutions has been too long
and too often affirmed to admit of question.
The Senator from Pennsylvania has told you
that the people of his State have long lived
under constitutions which were never ratified
by them at popular elections. Many of the
existing constitutions of States which you ad-
mit to be in the Union and which are repre-
sented on this floor were never, I presume,
thus ratified. Delaware has had three consti-
tutions, none of which have ever been ratified
by a popular vote. Is it possible that the peo-
ple of that State have lived ever since 1832,
when what they supposed was their constitution
was formed, and have had no valid constitution
of government ? That they have lived under
no law? That the judgments of their courts
have been nullities? That the transfer of their
estates have been illegal? That their contracts
have been void ? That the innocent have suf-
fered when punishment has been inflicted upon
murderers, robbers, and thieves, because in-
flicted without the authority of law ? The rule
of law and of common sense in reference to
this subject is that the people of a State ap-
pointing or electing delegates to frame a con-
stitution for them clothe them with the neces-
sary powers to perform the duty for which they
are elected, and a constitution formed and
adopted by them is formed and adopted by the
people themselves.
Having considered the -objections urged
against the validity of the constitutions adopted
by the people of the seceding States since the
termination of the war, I proceed to notice the
grounds of authority claimed for Congress to
pass this bill and the act of which it is amend-
atory as claimed by the friends of congres-
sional reconstruction. These are three.
First. The authority is based upon that pro-
vision of the Constitution which declares that
the—
" United States shall guaranty to each State a
republican form of government."
It is said that the President and those who
adopt his views claim that this provision au-
thorizes his plan or policy of reconstruction,
and_that the executive and congressional plans
are in unison in reference to the origin of power
which is vouched by their respective friends to
legitimate them, and much of this debate has
been expended in consideration of their re-
spective merits. I am not embarrassed by this
controversy. I champion the cause of neither.
I deny that the power of reconstruction resides
either in the President or in Congress. I assert
that the formation of the organic law which is
to govern the people of any and every State
that was ever in the Federal Union is right-
fully and constitutionally the business of the
people of that State, and that they may freely
exercise it without the let or hinderance and in
defiance of the President or Congress.
Let us test this question—the authority of
Congress to pass this bill and the other so-
called reconstruction measures—by virtue of
this provision of the Constitution. What is it
the United States shall do? They shall guar-
anty. What shall they guaranty? A repub-
lican form of government. To whom or what
is this guarantee to be made? To each State;
not to each Territory, not to each individual,
not to any collective or aggregate number of
individuals, but to each State. The existence
of two parties, therefore, is necessary to the
practical exercise of this duty; the United
States as guarantor and a State as guarantee.
If one of the parties does not exist the duty
cannot be performed and is not imposed 1
What is a State within the meaning of the
Constitution? It is a political body or body-
politic governed by organic law; the whole
body of the people united under one Govern-
ment and within the meaning of the provision
cited as authority, such a body-politic in prin-
ciple and substantially in form as were the
States of the Union at the time of the forma-
tion of the Federal Constitution. Indeed, this
provision, as declared by Mr. Madison, had
direct reference to the States which were par-
ties to its ratification.
But the bill which you passed at the last
session of Congress declares in its preamble,
and the bill under consideration solemnly enacts
in its first section, that there are no legal or
valid governments existing in Virginia, 2\rorth
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and
Arkansas. Then there is no State to which
your guarantee can apply. The duty required
of you by the Constitution must necessarily
fail of performance from the non-existence of
the object in whose behalf it is to be discharged.
There is no State to avail itself of the benefit
of your guarantee or to agree to accept it.
Hence I submit that your authority to pass
this bill cannot possibly arise under this pro-
vision of the Constitution. Mark you, there
can be no State where there is no body-politic,
and there can be no body-politic where there
is no government. If it be true, as your bill
declares, tliatnone of the governments of ihese
States are legal and valid State governments,
then in all the vast region included within the
limits of your five military districts there are
no governments at all. There are no terri-
torial governments there. If.your bill be true
the people inhabiting those districts are living
in a state of nature, without government and
without law. If there be no governments there
there is no law for the protection ol' life, liberty,
or property. If there be no State governments
there are no laws, for the so-called statutes
