4506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
per cent, in the stock of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, because the public debt
would not thereby have been increased, the
Government merely assuring ail additional
expenditure on this account for a few years,
never excessive in amount, and certain to cease
and finally be reimbursed by the sale of lands,
the increase of traffic, and credits for the trans-
portation of the mails and military stores.
Such a guarantee or indorsement by the nation
would vitalize all the resources of the company,
and as the work advances the country would
be astonished by the reduction of the actual
burden imposed on the Treasury and the celer-
ity with which it will be removed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution indicated by
the Senator from Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Ramsey on the 31st of Jan-
uary last:
Resolved. That the Committee on Foreign Relations
is hereby directed to inquire into tlie expediency of
a treaty between the United States and tlieDominion
of Canada, which shall contain the following pro-
visions:
First. That a duty of five per cent, ad valorem shall
be imposed upon all importations from Canada to
the United States, or from tho United States to Can-
ada. being the exclusive production or manufacture
of the respective countries.
Second. That the esciso duties of the United States
and of Canada shall be assimilated by concurrent
legislation.
Third. That the navigation of the great lakes and
of the canals and channel of the St. Lawrence river
and its tributaries, shall be forever freo and open to
citizens of the United States and Canada.
Fourth. That Canadian vessels in American ports
shall be entitled to all the privileges of American
vessels in Canadian ports.
Fifth. That the fisheries of the Atlantic coastshall
be free to the citizens of both countries.
Sixth. That a common system of laws regulating
copyrights, patent rights, and rates of postage shall
bo extended over both countries.
Seventh. That Canada, with tho consent of Groat
Britain, shall cede to the United States tho districts
of North America west of longitude 90°, on conditions
following, to wit: „
1. The United States will pay $6,000,000 to the Hud-
son Bay Company, in full discharge of all possessory
rights and of all claims to territory or jurisdiction in
North America, whether founded on the charter of
the company, or any treaty, law, or usage.
i. The United States will asaumo the public debt
of British Columbia, not exceeding the sum of $2,000,-
000,
3. To aid the construction of a railroad from tho
western extremity of Lake Superior to Pugot sound
the United States, in addition to the grant of land
heretofore made, will guaranty dividends of five per
cent, upon the stock of tlic Northern Pacific Kail-
road Company: Provided, That tho amount of stock
guarantied as aforosaid shall not exceed $20,000 per
mile, and Congress shall regulate the securities for
advances on account thereof.
4. The Northwest Territory shall be divided and
organized into Territories of the United Stages, not
less than three in number, with all the rights and
privileges of tho citizens and government of Mon-
tana Territory, so far as the same can be made appli-
cable.
Mr. SUMNER. The first words in the res-
olution ought to be altered. I have no objec-
tion to the resolution passing and going to the
committee; but it proposes, as I understand,
a treaty with Canada. Now, in point of fact,
and under the law of nations, there can be no
treaty between the United States and Canada.
Canada is not a sovereign Power. The treaty
must be with Great Britain. If the resolution
be altered in that way, that is all I ask.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 accept the modification
of the resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
message prom tii1j iiodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 1303)
granting an increase of pension to Emily B.
Bidwell, widow of Brigadier General Daniel
D. Bidwell.
enrolled dili, signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (EL
R. No. 1363) granting an increase of pension
to Emily B. Bidwell, widow of Brigadier Gen-
eral Daniel D. Bidwell; and it was thereupon
signed by the President p)~o tempore of the
Senate.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had on this
day approved and signed the following en-
rolled bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 295) for the relief of Eliza
Mascher, widow of John T. Mascher;
A bill (S. No. 579) to establish a new land
district in the State of Nebraska;
A bill (S. No. 540) to regulate the sale of
hay in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 209) to incorporate the Even-
ing Star Newspaper Company;
A bill (S. No. 03T) to authorize the city of
Washington to issue bonds for the purpose of
paying the floating debt of the city ;
A bill (S. No. 634) granting a pension to
Violet Henry;
A bill (S. No. t>33)grantingapensiontoNancy
Smith;
A bill (S. No. G30) granting an increase of
pension to Nancy A. Stocks ;
A bill (S. No. 606) granting a pension to
Robert Watson;
A bill (S. No. 598) for the relief of Mary
Scott;
A bill (S. No. 442) granting lands to the
State of Nevada to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad to the Colorado river;
A bill (S. No. 472) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to allow the United States to
prosecute appeals and writs of error without
giving security;"
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 147) for the
relief of Jonathan S. Turner ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 172) to con-
strue an act entitled "An act to authorize the
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of Andrew S. Core
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 154) to admit
certain persons to the Naval Academy; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 57) relative to
lighting the streets of Washington city, District
of Columbia.
a. w. ballard.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 553) for
the relief of A. W. Ballard, have directed me
to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage. It only appropriates
about two hundred and seventy dollars, and I
ask to have it put upon its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs the Quartermaster General
of the United States to allow and settle the
claim of Captain A. W. Ballard, late captain in
the one hundred and thirteenth regiment United
States colored infantry, for value of lost voucher
for corn issued by Benton Stearns, lieutenant
twenty-second Michigan veteran infantry, late
acting assistant quartermaster at Washington,
Arkansas, November 15, 1865, which is now
suspended under act of Congress of February
19, 1867.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
commercial regulations for alaska.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise to a privil
question. Mr. Morrill, of Maine, one of the
members of the committee of conference on
the part of the Senate on the bill (S. No. 019)
to extend the laws of the United States relat-
ing to customs, commerce, and navigation over
the territory ceded to the United States by
Russia, to establish a collection district therein,
and for other purposes, I understand is un-
well and has left the Senate Chamber. I
therefore move, from the committee of con-
ference, that Mr.,.MoRGAN be appointed on .that
committee, in order that they may be able to
report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the Senator from New York
[Mr. Morgan] will be appointed on that com-
mittee. The Chair hears no objection.
reconstruction.
Mr WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1450.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bilKH. R. No. 1450) to provide for
the more speedy reorganization ot the States
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas, and for
other purposes. For the better security of per-
sons and property in Texas, Virginia, and Mis-
sissippi the constitutional conventions in each
of those States heretofore elected under and m
pursuance of an act of Congress passed March
2, 1867, entitled " An act for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," and the special
acts of Congress supplementary thereto and
amendatory thereof are to be authorized to exer-
cise the following powers in addition to the pow-
ers now authorized by law, to make removals and
appointments of the officers of the provisional
governments in those States respectively; to
authorize the provisional governments of those
States respectively to remove and appoint
registers and judges of elections under those
acts of Congress,which registers and judges of
election shall not be eligible to any elective office
under such provisional governments, and shall
observe the provisions of those acts of Con-
gress ; to organize and maintain a constabulary
force in each of those States for the preserva-
tion of peace and to aid in the execution of the
laws ; to provide by ordinance for the reassem-
bling of those conventions from time to time,
and for holding all elections authorized by those
acts of Congress, and for ascertaining and de-
claring the results of such elections, and espe-
cially the result of any election which may be
held for the ratification or rejection of any con-
stitution which the several conventions may
submit to the people of either of those States ;
and to pass such ordinances not inconsistent
with the Constitution and laws of the United
States as may be necessary to protect all per-
sons therein in their lives, liberty, and prop-
erty. The special ordinances which may be
passed by the constitutional convention of either
of the States are to be enforced by the provis-
ional governments of those States until disap-
proved by Congress or until such State shall
have adopted a constitution of State govern-
ment, and the same shall have been approved
by Congress, provided that nothing therein shall
deprive any person of trial by jury in the courts
of those States for offenses against their laws.
The military commanders in each of the States
named are to give aid to the officers of the pro-
visional government in preserving the peace
and enforcing the laws, and especially in sup-
pressing unlawful obstructions and forcible re-
sistance to the execution of the laws. On the
fourth Wednesday after the passage of this act
the convention ofMississippi and Virginia are to
reassemble, and the convention of Mississippi
is to proceed to frame a constitution of State
government and submit the same to the people,
under and in pursuance of the provisions of
the act of Congress before mentioned and of
this act. The fifth section provides for the re-
peal of all acts and parts of acts in conflict with
the provisions of this act.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a very important bill.
I believe it has not been printed. There has
been no opportunity to examine it, and there
is no time to consider it at this expiring hour
of the session. It certainly ought not to be
taken up and hurried through now. I there
fore move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Several Sexatohk. No ; no.
Mr, WILSON. I do not, care anything
about the yeas and pays. I withdraw the cm ! f
Mr. DAVIS. We want the yeas and nav.-
on this side.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and be-in"
taken,^resulted—yeas 7. nays 33; as follows:"*
YEA,S—Messrs. Buckalew. Cameron, Davis, JOuoIit-
utv «?"roel;?'Pattersonot Tennessee,and White—7
AA\ & — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Uatteli, Cote!
Conncss, Corbett, Cragm, Drake, Ferrv. Frelin-'
huyson. Harlan .Harris, Uowe. KfilloKg.'MfDnualH
Morgan, l*ye, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Kite, Spender
