400
SUPPLEMENT TO
Give effect to the words "the tefra of the
President," if you please. The Constitution
employs this phrase "term of the President."
It declares that the President shall hold his
office during the term of four years. It is the
only presidential term known to the Constitu-
tion. The act of March I, 1792, reaffirms the
same principle by law. I read from 1 Statutes-
•at-Large, page 211:
" That the term of four years,- for which a £ resident
and Vice President shall be elected, shall in ail cases
:conimenee on the 4th day of March next succeeding
the day on which the votes of the electors shall have
been given."
After making provision for an election in
certain contingencies when a vacancy shall
have arisen iti the office both of President
and Vice President of the United States, the
statute follows it up with the same words that
-the term shall commence on the 4th of March
next after the election or the counting of the
Votes. The provision of the Constitution
throws some light upon the subject:
" In case of the removal of the President from of-
fiee,-or of his death, resignation, or inability to dis-
charge the powers and duties of the said office, the
same shall devolve on the Vice President; and the
Congress may by law provide for the cade of removal,
death, resignation, or inability, both of the Presi-
dent and Vice President, declaring what officer shall
then act as President, and such officer shall act ac-
cordingly, until the disability be removed or a Presi-
dent shall be elected."
In the light of these provisions of the Con-
stitution, and of this provision of the act of
1792, is it not apparent to the mind of every
man within the hearing of my voice that the
presidential term named and referred to in the
act of 1807 is the constitutional term of four
years? It must be so. It must be the term
authorized by the Constitution and the laws,
for there is no other " term." The position
assumed here is that Andrew Johnson has a
term answering to the provisions of the Con-
stitution, of the act of 1792 and of the act of
1867, both of which employ the same word—
the tefcm of four years under the Constitution.
Apply this provision of the Constitution which
I have just road, that in the event of the in-
ability of the President of the United States to
execute the duties of the office the Vioe Pres-
ident shall execute the duties of the office until
such disability be removed. That is the lan-
guage of the Constitution. If the President
of the United States elected by the people, and
therefore possessed of a constitutional term,
 ud the only person who ever can have a con-
stitutional term while the Constitution remains
as it is, shall be overtaken with sickness, and
by delirium, if you please, rendered utterly
incapable, in the language of the Constitution,
of discharging the duties of the office, and his
inability continues for the period of four con-
secutive months, is the Senate to be told that
the Vice President, upon whom the duties of
the office by this provision devolve, by reason
of the construction imposed here upon this
Statute or attempted to be put upon it by the
counsel, is to be said to have a term within
the meaning of this law, and therefore by oper-
ation of the statute, within one month after
the disability arose against the President by
reason of his delirium, every executive office
by operation of law became vacant; and are
yon to follow it to the absurd and ridiculous
conclusion when, in the language of the Con-
stitution, the disability shall be removed and
the President restored to ofliee, the ofiiees
filled with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate by the Vice President, upon whom the
office in the meantime devolved—for by the
terms of the Cotintitution your President dis-
abled was civilly dead : you had but the one
President, and that was the Vice President,
during the four months—on account of vacan-
cies arising by operation of law one month
alter the office was devolved upon him by the
Constitution by reason of the inability of the
President, are to become vacant one month
after the expiration of this four months' term
and the return of the disabled President to his
office by reason, in the language of the Consti-
tution, of the removal of his disability.
It will not do. He had no term. No effect
is given to the words of your statutes in that
way; and more than that, Senators, these
learned and astute counsel knew right well that
they changed in their own minds, and changed
by the words of their own argument, the very
language of the statute, so that it should have
read to accomplish their purposes: " that the
office shall expire within one month after the
end of the term in which they may have been
appointed," not "in one month after the end
ofthetermofthePresident&^wAomappomted,"
as the statute does read ; but their logic rests
upon the assumption that the statute contains
words which it does not contain, "that their
office shall expire within one month after the
term in which they may have been appointed."
Concede that, change the law in that way in
order to accommodate this guilty man, and I
will admit that you arrive at this conclusion,
and that is as about absurd as the other, giv-
ing their construction to the law, changing its
language from what it is, " that the office shall
expire in one month after the term of the Presi-
dent by whom appointed," so that it shall read
" after the end of one month from the end of
the term in which they were appointed," and
it results that ever since the 4th day of April,
18G5, the people of the United States have been
without a constitutional or lawful Secretary of
State, without a constitutional Secretary of the
Treasury, without a constitutional Secretary of
the Navy, and without a constitutional Secre-
tary of War, because accepting the assumptions
of these gentlemen, that by this word " term"
in the statute is meant the term in which they
were appointed and not the term of the Presi-
dent by whom they were appointed, admit
their premises, and no mortal man can escape
the couclusionthattheoflicesall became vacant
on the 4tii day of April, 1805. That is the posi-
tion assumed by these gentlemen for the simple
reason that these 1'our Secretaries were every
one of them appointed by Mr. Lincoln in his
first term, which lirst term expired on the 4th
day of March, 1805.
Senators, that is not the meaning of your
law. " The reason of the law is the life of the
law.'' The reason of the law was simply this:
that the Presidents elected by the people for a
term—and no other Presidents have a term—
should, by operation of law, upon their coming
to the office, bo relieved, without any interven-
tion of theirs, of all the several heads of De-
partments who had been appointed by their
predecessors. That is the meaning of the law.
That is all there is of it. So far as this ques-
tion of the right of an incoming President to a
new Cabinet is concerned, that is the extent
of it. The word " term " determines it. Did
that mean that a President reelected for a term
and thereby continuing in the office should be
relieved from his own appointees by operation
ot law, and that, too, without his consent, and,
if you please, against his wish? It never en-
tered into the mind of a single member of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. I venture to say that
no ulteranccof that sort is found recorded upon
the debates touching this reform in the legisla-
tion of the country and controlling executive
appointments. What right had Mr. Lincoln to
complain that the law did not vacate the heads
of Departments by its own operation for his
benefit when he had filled them himself? The
law was passed for no such purpose. I read
the law literally as it is. They were to hold
i1 their offices, in the light of the reason of the
jj law, during the entire term, if it should be eight
j! years or twelve years or sixteen years, of the
; President by whom they were appointed, and
;; their office was to expire within one month
|| after the expiration of the term of the Presi
dent by whom they were appointed, not within
|; one month after the expiration of the term in
j, which they were appointed.
H That is my position in regard to this ques-
i! tion. 1 have no doubt about its being the true
l! construction of the law, neither had the ac-
|j cused; and I stated to the Senate yesterday my
|j reasons for the assertion ; I do not propose to
jj repeat them to-day. The Senate did me the
II honor to listen ami attend to my remarks on
that subject, wherein the President, by every
step he took until this impeachment was insti-
tuted, confessed that that was the operation of
this law, and these heads of Departments might
avail themselves of it.
In the act of 1792 my attention is called to
another provision ot' it, which I'did not read,
which shows the operation of this word " term"
still more strongly than does the provision of
the twelfth section, which I did read. It is
found in the tenth section of the act, which
provides—
"That whenever the offices of President and Vioe
President shail both become vacant the Secretary of
State shall forthwith cause a notification thereof to
be made to the Executive of every State, and shall
also cause the same to be published in at least ono
of the newspapers printed in each State, specifying
that electors of the President of the United States
shall be appointed or chosen in theseveial States
within thirty-lour days preceding the fiist Wednes-
day in December thennextensuing: Provided, Theie
shall be the space of two mom'is between the date
of such notification and the said first Wednesday in
December; but if there shall not be tho space of two
months between the date of such notification and tho
first Wednesday in December, and it the ter>>i for
which the President and Vice President last in ofliee
were elected shall not expire on the 3d dayoi March
next ensuing, then tho Secretary of Stato shall spe-
cify in tho notification that the electois shall be ap-
pointed or chosen within thirty-lour days preceding
the fiist Wedne^ay in December in tho year next
ensuing, within which tune the electors shall accord-
ingly bo appointed or chosen."
Showing that this term by the express pro-
visions of the law is limited everywhere and
intended to be limited everywhere within the
meaning and sense of the Constitution. That
being so there is no person who has a term but
the President elected by the people. There is
no person, therefore, whose appointments can,
by any possibility, be within the provisions of
this proviso but such a President, and in that
case the Secretary ol' War and the other Secre-
taries of the various Departments are under
the operation of the statute within the proviso,
so as to Iimitand determine their offices at the
expiration of one month after the inauguration
of a successor elected also to a term. It is the
Only construction which gives effect to all the
words of the statute. It must, be a successor,
not a reelection of the same President.
There is ono other point in this matter, and
I have done with it. The gentlemen give this
proviso a retroactive operation in order to get
along with their case, and, as I showed to the
Senate, vacate the offices really by makingthe
statute read as it docs not read, that these •
officers are to go out of office one month after
the expiration of the term in which they were
appointed. In ordertoget up this construction
they give a retrospective operation to the act,
and make it take effect two years before its
passage, and make it vacate the four Executive
Departments I have named on the 4th day of
April, 18G5, when in point of fact tho act was
not passed until the 2d day of March, 1807. I
have just this to remark on that subject, that
it is a settled rule of the law that a retrospect-
ive operation can be given to no statute what-
ever without express words. The counsel for
the President admits there are no express
words in the proviso. That is the language
of his own argument. 1 hold him to it, and I
ask the Senate to pass upon it. I refer to the
authority of Sedgwick on Statutory and Con-
stitutional Law, page 190:
" The effort of the English courts appears indeed
always to be to give the statutes of that kingdom a
prospective effect only, unless the language is so clear
and imperative as not to admit of doubt."
"In this country thesaine opposition togivingstat-
utes a retroactive effect has been manifested, and
sueh is the general tenor of our decisions."
I have no doubt of it. The express language
of the first clause of the law gives it a retro-
spective operation iu one sense of the word,
that is, it embraces every officer heretofore ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and by express language every
officer hereafter to be so appointed. Cut this
proviso, in the words of Mr. Curtis, contains
no express language of that kind, and on the
contrary, contains words which exclude the
conclusion. I leave the question there. If Mr.
Lincoln had lived 1 think every Senator must
