2458
TMB COJNTGEESSf 01fAt •' G-l/!
May:14i
act referred to which Requires the company to
carry the property and troops of the United
States free of charge. The committee report
against it. I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
. Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, reports are in order from
the Committee of Claims.
TAX SALES IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
' Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
upon Senate bill No. 79, to confirm certain
sales made by the direct tax commissioners
for South Carolina to persons in the Army,
Navy, and Marine corps, and for other pur-
poses; and the bill was laid on the table.
WILLIAM WEIILE.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely upon
a memorial in the case of William Wehle; and
the same was laid on the table.
TIMOTHY LYDEN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee,' reported back, with a
recommendation that the same do pass, House
bill No. 445, for the relief of Timothy Lyden,
of Parkersburg, West Virginia.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
he engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Tnnotliy
Lyden, of Parkersburg, West Virginia, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $302, in compensa-
tion of services rendered the quartermaster's
department, and for a period of captivity in
rebel prisons.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
- aslc that the report accompanying the bill be
read.
The report was read. It states that the pe-
titioner is a loyal citizen of Western Virginia,,
and on the 1st of May, 1864, -was employed as
a teamster in a Government wagon train with
supplies for troops at Winchester, West Vir-
ginia. The train was attacked by an armed
body of rebels, who captured the petitioner as
well as the train. He was hold in captivity as
a citizen employe of the United States Army
by the so-called confederate government, first
at Danville, Virginia; next at Andersonville,
Georgia; and finally at Florence, South Caro-
lina, from which place he was sent to Charles-
ton, South Carolina, and exchanged on the
15th of December, 18C4. From Charleston
he was sent to the hospitals at Annapolis,
Maryland, and Washington, District of Colum-
bia, by the United States military authority,
for treatment for diseases contracted in con-
federate prispns, and was finally discharged
March 2, 1865.
The report further states that when the train
was captured the teamsters and employes
captured therewith were not reported to the
quartermaster, who thereby failed, either from
neglect or want of knowledge of the fact, to
report their names on the proper rolls with his
monthly return to the Quartermaster Gen-
eral. The petitioner, as a teamster, was there-
fore never taken up nor paid as the regula-
tions of the War Department provide, and his
only relief is- by a special act of Congress.
The claim of the petitioner is for thirty dollars
per month from date of employment to his
discharge from the hospital at Washington. It
is presumed that the medical department would
not have placed him in the hospital at the time
of his exchange if his condition had not de-
manded it. It is not a violent presumption
that an imprisonment of nearly eight months
in rebel prisons would so reduce a teamster
physically that he could not drive a six-mule
team and Army wagon with safety. Thirty dol-
lars per month was the compensation allowed
for that service by order of the War Depart-
ment. In reporting the claim of the'petitioner
the Committee of Claims remark that, it ap-
pears that the petitioner is an honest and loyal
person, with capacity and experience as a
teamster ; that the service upon which he was
engaged was a necessary and patriotic duty, for
which good men were as necessary as for line
of battle ; that, being captured while actually
performing his duty, he suffered the horrors
of eight months' imprisonment, and was con-
sequently sick and disabled for two months
longer.
The report further states that by the regula-
tions of the War Department he cannot be paid
in the quartermaster general's department,
where his- service was rendered. The com-
mittee therefore recommend that the sum of
$302 be appropriated for the payment of his
claim, and to that end report the accompany-
ing bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a'third time; vtnd being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEOltGK CALVEKT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee of Claims to
report adversely upon the memorial and accom-
panying papers of George Calvert, of Prince
George's county, Maryland, praying relief and
compensation for the destruction of his ferry
at the village of Nottingham, on the Patuxent
river. This is a claim which was reported upon
favorably in the Thirty-Seventh and Thirty-
Eighth Congresses. Upon a reexamination of
those papers the Committee of Claims find
that the statements in the report made to the
House were nqt correct, but wholly erroneous.
The committee evidently made a mistake be-
fore. They now report adversely upon the
claim. I ask that the report be read.
The report, which was read, states that it is
claimed that on the 11th of September, 1801,
Lieutenant Iloag. with nine men and seven
horses of a Kentucky regiment of cavalry in
the service of the United States, undertook to
cross the river by the memorialist's ferry, the
boat being managed by Richard Canter, a
colored man and an indentured servant of the
memorialist; that by reason of the overload-
ing of the boat and the plunging of the soldiers'
horses, when about midway of the stream, the
boat was damaged, the ferryman drowned,
and the business of the ferry injured by the
accident.
The apprenticeship of the ferryman was to
expire in thirty-three months thereafter ; and
the memorialist claims the sum of $538, or at
the rate of sixteeen dollars per month, for loss
of his services, and for damages to the boat
and ferry $250; making a total of $788.
The committee state their belief that the
officer in command of this squad of cavalry,
and who was also drowned, was in the line of
duty, and that he neither exceeded his author-
ity nor acted indiscreetly in attending to pass
over his command in the manner represented.
The accident was owing as much to the weak-
ness and ill repair of the boat as to its being
overloaded. Had the deck beams of the boat
been sufficiently sound to withstand the stamp-
ing of the cavalry horses, it is reasonable to
suppose the whole party would have gone over
safely. As a common carrier, the memorial-
ist is, therefore, as justly responsible for the
accident as any party in the transaction. The
committee are not of the opinion that the (?ov-
ernment is either legally or equitably obliged
to make good the loss of the possible services
of the colored apprentice. The evidence sup-
porting this extraordinary claim was not of
such weight and distinctness as to convince
the committee that there is the least merit in
any portion of the claim, and therefore they
recommended that the memorial and accom-
panying papers be laid on the table.
The memorial and accompanying papers
were laid on the table.
AARON B. KYNO.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
upon the petition of Aaron B. Ryno, of Gains,
Genesee county, Michigan, for relief or remun-
eration for losses during the war; which,was
laid on the table.
MRS. MARY GEARY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the Committee of Claims, reported ad-
versely upon the petition of Mrs. Mary Geary,
claiming compensation for eommissary sup-
plies furnished to the United States Army;
whieh was laid on the table.
JAMES W. BUTLER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the Committee of Claims, reported ad-
versely upon the petition of James W. Butler,
claiming compensation for services as a detect-
ive under L. C. Baker ; which was laid on the
table.
MRS. ELLEN CRAIG.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the Committee of Claims, reported ad^
versely upon the petition of Mrs. Ellen Craig,
claiming compensation for damages; which
was laid on the table.
CAPTAIN A. F. ROCKWELL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the Committee of Claims, reported ad-
versely upon the petition of Captain A. F.
Rockwell, for change of date of muster; which
was laid on the table.
JOHN G. COX.
Mr. WxVSHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the Committee of Claims, reported ad-
versely upon the petition of John G. Cox, asking
reimbursement for seventy-seven dollars sent
by him through the mails and lost in course of
transmission; which was laid on the tablo.
CLAIMS ON AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, re-
ported back certain claims against the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, accompanied with a bill
(PI. R. No. 1068) to provide for certain claims
against, the Department of Agriculture; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was.read -in extenso, appro-
priates the sum-of $47,000 out of the Treasury
of the United States, from whieh shall be paid
such indebtedness and claims against the De-
partment of Agriculture contracted prior to
the 1st of July, 1867, and included in the
report of the Committee of Claims herewith,
as shall be submitted to the Fifth Auditor of
the Treasury, with sufficient evidence under
oath as to the origin and validity of the same
respectively, and decided by the Fifth Auditor
and the final accounting officer of the Treasury
to be due to the respective claimants according
to the rules of law and equity.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read the
report.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
explain it. It will be recollected that this
matter was first referred to the Committee on
Appropriations. These are claims arising from
the fact that tho appropriations for the De-
partment of Agriculture were exhausted, and
accordingly when these bills were presented
to that Department, after the death of the com-
missioner, there were no funds out of which
they could be paid. ^ The various bills were
referred to the Committee of Claims. There are
some fifty or seventy-five different bills, and it
is utterly impossible, as the House will see,
for that committee to examine into these differ-
ent claims. So tar as we can judge they appear
to be fair and honest claims, ranging in amount
from two or three dollars up to fifteen or eighteen
thousand. So far as the management of the
Agricultural Department is concerned, there
seems to have been 110 reference to the different
appropriations, but all purchases have been
