1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
which were supposed to be laws were the enact''
ments of bodies of men whose sole authority
to enact them was derived from what they
claimed to be State authority, which authority
your bill declares not to exist.
Hence it follows necessarily that, there being
110 States and consequently no laws in the
whole extent of that territory formerly divided
into ten States, there is not, and cannot be,
any such thing as property therein. Property
is anything to which a person has the legal
title, whether in possession or not. It is the
creature of law. Where there is no law there
can be no property. I speak not of that sup-
posed right of property which some writers
upon natural law contend exists in a state of
nature, and which arises from first personal
appropriation. A temporary possession of a
thing, the right to the enjoyment of which ab-
solutely determines with the actual possession,
and which actual possession itself has no means
of protection other than that of superior phys-
ical force, can in no just sense be considered
property. Pass your bill and let it have the
force of law, and there is no such thing as prop-
erty in what were once ten States of the Union.
Is this proposition denied ?
Let us test its correctness. A is in >sses-
sion of a plantation located in Fairfax county,
Or in what was onec Fairfax county, in what
was once the State of Virginia, which thirty
years ago he inherited from his father. Ho
traces his title back to his great grandfather,
who received a patent for the same, which is
still in existence. A and his ancestors, through
whom he claims, have been in the peaceable,
quiet, uninterrupted, and adverse posessions
of this plantation, under a connected, clear,
and unquestioned paper title, for one hundred
and fifty years. Your bill, however, passes
and becomes law. It declares there is no legal
State government in what was once Virginia,
and consequently there is no such county as
Fairfax, which was one of the local subdi-
visions of Virginia; that there are 110 laws in
Virginia for the security of title and the pro-
tection of property there ; that there is, in fact,
110 such State as Virginia. B determines to
possess the plantation of A, and enters upon
it, and by force expels him. How, let me ask
you, is A to regain possession ? Shall he bring
his action of ejectment? What attorney shall
appear for him ? In what court-shall ho file
his declaration? What officer shall serve a
copy of it upon the tenant in possession ? By
what authority shall a jury be summoned and
empaneled to try the issue of title? What
court shall award judgment or issue a writ of
possession ? There are no attorneys, no courts
there, and no juries and no officers ; for these
are created or authorized by law, and your bill
declares there is no law there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow
me to ask him a question 011 the point of law
ho is now stating. I have listened to his argu-
ment with a great deal of interest. His argu-
ment applies to all Governments as well as to
all States. Now, take a monarchical form of
government. Suppose that by the constitution
of the State there should be a king or a mon-
arch of some sort. He dies; the existing line
runs out; and there is no king for a given
length of time until provision is made for
another. There is 110 legal government, there-
fore, existing if no provision has been made
for such au event. Does the Senator say that
in that case, during the interregnum, no law is
in existence ; no titles are recognized ; every-
thing is chaos; because there is no political
government according to the Constitution?
Mr. SAULSBURY. No; I do not say that
in reference to the case which the honorable
Senator suggests, because in all such Govern-
ments, according to the history of any which
we have, there is always a constitution or form
of government, either written or unwritten,
and the government would exist and would be
administered according to the laws in existence
at the time, although there might be avacancy
in the throne. Here, by this act, you destroy
the governments of the States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there is no exist-
ing legal political government of the State.
What becomes of the laws of property, and so
on, that theretofore existed?
Mr. SAULSBURY. The law of interreg-
num is, perhaps, as much a law as any other,
and has its own principles; that is to say, that
government and laws do exist under an inter-
regnum, although the throne is vacant. How-
ever, sir, as I intend to confine myself to my
notes, I will not go outside ; but I contend for
the correctness of the principle as applied to
the States of this Union under our peculiar
form and system of government.
I was remarking that there are 110 attorneys,
110 courts there, for these are created or author-
ized by law, and your bill declares there is no
law there. There is 110 such thing as a decla-
ration in ejectment, a writ of possession, or any
other kind of process. These are all creatures
of the law. It follows, therefore, necessarily,
that B, having forcibly and wrongfully ejected
A from his plantation, must remain in its pos-
session, because there is no law affording the
rightful owner a remedy in the premises. B
also wrongfully takes the horse of A at the same
time that he ejects him from his plantation.
Will replevin lie to recover his possession?
Not at all. Replevin is a local action, and must
be brought in the county where the property
was taken. But there is no such county as
Fairfax, because there is 110 such State as Vir-
ginia, and there is no such thing as a writ of
replevin, because there is no law. Pass your
bill and deprive the Federal courts of the power
to determine its constitutionality, and murder,
rape, arson, and every species of crime may
and will be committed with impunity. The
individual who has forcibly possessed himself
of his neighbor's plantation is not content with
having done him this great wrong, buthe deter-
mines to take his life for daring to question bis
right to dispoil him of his property. He mur-
dershim in cold blood. Shall ho be punished?
What has he done? He has only killed a man
maliciously and in cold blood. There is no
such crime as murder in what was once, but is
not now, the State of Virginia. Murder is the
willful killing of a reasonable being in the peace
of the Commonwealth with malice aforethought,
expressed or implied.
But there is no Commonwealth of Virginia
now. No; she is not allowed to exist even in
her ruins. She is blotted out. The land of
Washington and Henry, of Jefferson, Madison,
Wythe, Pendleton, Lee, Barbour, Monroe, and
Marshall, and of the other mighty intellectual
giants who have made our country respected
at home and abroad, is now a portion of the
vast empire of Ulysses the First. Shall the
spirits of these illustrious patriots inquire why
this mighty change ? Listen, Jefferson. They
say it is because you declared in the Declara-
tion of Independence that all men are created
equal; that your negro was a man, and that
you meant that he was in every respect, civilly
and politically, your equal and the equal of
Washington and the rest of your noble com-
peers. Washington, they say you led the armies
of the Republic to victory to make that decla-
ration good. We are told, Monroe, that you
were wounded in the battles of the Revolution
to attest your devotion to the doctrine that the
negro was equal to the white man. This it was,
Henry, that inspired you when you exclaimed
in the House of Burgesses of Virginia, "Give
me liberty or give me death." This has been
occasioned, Madison, they say, because the
committee on style and revision in the consti-
tutional convention of which you were so prom-
inent a member, for the sake of simplicity and
brevity, substituted in the preamble to the Con-
stitution tho words "we, the people of the
United States," for we, the people of the States
of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Isl-
and Plantations, Connecticut, New York, New
Jersey, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania,
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and
Georgia united, as the draft of the Constitution
had stood and been agreed to when it was com-
mitted to the committee 011 revision anil style ;
and this substitution for the simplification of
style has converted what you thought was a
Federal Union of limited powers, and which
you said would always be too feeble to encroach
upon the rights of the States, into a consoli-
dated, absolute nationality, which, through its
legislative power, may destroy the States, which
has blotted out your beloved and native Vir-
ginia, and which has erected over a territory
larger than the thirteen original States, and
over a people thrice as numerous as their inhab-
itants when they ratified the Constitution, an
absolute military despotism under the rule of
Ulysses the First. Doyouaskwhere,then, were
the warders upon the border? Where, then,
were the watchmen upon the tower? Alas,
they were gone. You men who laid the found-
ations of this Government deep in the prin-
ciples of constitutional civil liberty had passed
away, and your teachings, admonitions, and
examples have been lost upon your sons.
"Had you but lived, though reft of power,
Orroat watchmen on the lonely tower,
Your mighty voice had shook the land
When fraud or danger were at hand."
But to return. Who shall punish the mur-
derer and by what authority shall he be pun-
ished? Your bill sweeps out of existence all
local government, and courts, juries, the defi-
nit-ionand punishment of crime; and all laws for
bringing the offender to justice are also swept
away. It is by the State governments, and by
these alone, that protection to life, liberty, and
property is afforded. The Federal Govern-
ment, does not confer or protect title to prop-
erty or secure protection to person or property
within tho States. It might be instantly dis-
solved and society would feel no shock while
tho State governments and laws continued in
force and operation. Destroy the State govern-
ments and abolish the State laws, and society
is dissolved into its original elements. Chaos
rules supreme, and there is no restraint upon
the lawlessness of men. Liberty is defense-
less. For it millions of men have willingly
sacrificed life, property, and everything that
makes life desirable. A charter for its pro-
tection was extorted by our English ancestors
with sword in hand from an English king
on the field of Runnymede. To secure its
possession to themselves and to us, their pos-
terity, our fathers reddened the battle-fields
of the Revolution with their blood. Pass your
bill and my proposition is established. Gov-
ernment and law are abolished, property is
destroyed, liberty is rendered defenseless, and
society is dissolved. It is in vain to deny
that these consequences will result from y<pur
action.
Now, Mr. President, an idea suggests itself
to my mind which \ present for the considera-
tion of gentlemen who I know not only doubt,
but have no faith in my position. If your bill
passes and becomes a law, and a man is killed
in Fairfax county, Virginia, maliciously and
in cold blood, by his neighbor, I want to know
how any lawyer in this body will draw his
indictment? The forms of law are a part of
the law itself, say the books ; and how do your
forms of indictment for murder conclude? The
form is a legal consequence of the definition
of the crime. A murder is the felonious killing
of a human being in the peace of the State or
Commonwealth. That is the reason why, in
an indictment for murder, you conclude that it
was done "against the peace of the State."
But your act is passed and goes into operation.
General Grant rules supreme. No law can be
administered unless he wills it. While Virginia
was a State its will would be and was that the
act should be punished. It3 peace and dignity
demanded it. But the Commanding General
of the Army declares that it is not against his
peace and dignity, and he chooses not to allow
the party to be tried. If you draw up, there-
fore, a bill of indictment for murder and have
it consistent in all its provisions, instead of con-
cluding it "against the peace and dignity of
the State of Virginia," you should conclude
it, "against the peace and dignity of Ulysses the
I' irst; because the peace of Virginia is nothing;
