3482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2«x
move to strike out sixty cents and insert fifty
cents, the amount of tbe tax.
Mr. BOUTWELL. There is more than ten
cents of special taxes.
Mr. MOOKHEAO. I understand that. We
propose to refund the tax, and that is fifty
cents; and 1 do not think the special taxes
ought to be refunded. I am a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and I have
not said a word on this subject, as I could not
support the chairman in the view he took. The
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Price] has been adopted, however, and 1 am
glad of it. I think it is a good amendment.
It seems to be impossible to transport whisky
from the distilleries to the sea-board in bond
without the perpetration of frauds. The whole
country knows it. I agree in this bill there
are guards and checks thrown around this
transportation not before in existence; but,
sir, we know they will, do us as they have done
heretofore, gpt thfir whisky to market without
paying any tax. £ was opposed in committee
to this transportation of whisky in bond, and
also to these bonded warehouses, and 1 hope
they will be entirely abolished. I am in favor
of a drawback of fifty cents upon exported
whisky, and f hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. BENTON. 1 rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I think there lias been an exaggeration
of the importance of this export trade. But
still it would probably be bad policy to under-
take to prohibit it, and if we are not disposed
to prohibit it, we should not impose such
clogs upon it as to discourage exportation.
It certainly seems to me a tax of fifteen cents
would have that effect. Now, as has been
said by the gentleman from Massachusetts, a
drawback of sixty cents would fall short of
covering the amount paid on the gallon by at
least from three to five cents. Now, while I
think this export business of alcohol and rum
is not to be specially favored in this country,
still, under the present circumstances of our
national indebtedness and the necessity of
fostering and encouraging our manufacturing
resources, 1 think we should not prohibit it.
Therefore I am opposed to fixing the amount
of the drawback at such a rate as will amount
to a tax of from thirteen to fifteen cents on the
gallon. It seems to me if we allow any at all,
such guards and restrictions should be im-
posed as to prevent all frauds and all imposi-
tions upon tne officers of the Government, so
as to secure an honest administration of the
law. I think we should allow such a sum as
will approximate very nearly to the amount of
the tax paid.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Mooriiuai), and there were—ayes 18,
noes 52.
Mr. RATTM. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered j and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Mooriiead, and Stevhxk of
New Hampshire.
The committee divided; and the tellers were
unable to agree as to the count.
The Chair ordered other tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Cullom, and Washburn of
Indiana.
The committee againdivided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 62, noes 42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I desire unanimous con-
sent of the committee to stop debate on this
section. I understand the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.BouTWELL]
to be a substitute for sections fifty-one, fifty-
two, fifty-three, and fifty-five.
Mr. BOUTVYELL. I think the Chair stated
it as a substitute for the fifty-first section.
The CHAIRMAN. It could be regarded as
a substitute for the sections that have not been
read only by unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that debate may cease on the pending section.
No objection being made, debate on the
pending section was closed.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Boutwell as a substitute for section j
fifty-one, it was agreed to. '
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to strike out
sections fifty-two and fifty-three.
The motion was agreed to; and the sections
were accordingly stricken out, as follows:
Sec. 52. And be it further enacted, That distilled
spa its may bo removed in bond, without payment
of the tax, trom a distillery warehouse, to bo trans-
ported directly to an export bonded warehouse tor
the storage ot" distilled spirits, established^ at a port
of entry as hereinbefore provided, on application of
the distiller or owner of such spirits to the collector
of internal revenue of tho district from which such
transportation is to be made, and under such rules
aud regulations, and after making such entries and
executing such bonds and giving such other addi-
tional socunty, as may bo proscribed by law and by
regulations of tho Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, and after being inspected, gauged, proved, and
marked, as provided by this act. The entry to with-
draw for transportation shall be made in triplicate,
and shall designate the name of the distiller or
owner applying for the transportation, the narno of
tho place to which it is to bo transported, with the
name of tho consignee or agent at such place, and a
full designation of tho whole route by which it is to
be transported, whether by water, by railroad, or
otheiwise, and shall be m form as follows:
[Transportation entry to export warehouse.}
Entry of distilled spirits to bo withdrawn by 
from the bonded warehouse of , in district ,
State ot , for transportation to , by , via
 , consigned to -—.
And tho eutry shall specify the whole number of
casks or packages, the marks and serial numbers
thereon, the number of gauge or win© gallons and
of proof gallons, and tho amount of the tax on such
distilled spirits, all of which shall be verified by the
oath or affirmation of the distiller or owner ot the
spirits, who shall givo his bond, executed m dupli-
cate, with one or more sureties satisfactory to said
collector, conditioned that the principal named in
said boud will transport the distilled spirits as speci-
fied to tho port of ornry named, and that said spirits
shall bo entered on or before airival there, and shall
bo deposited in the export bonded warehouse; also,
that he will oxpoit the said spirits beyond thejuns-
diction of the United States within six months trom
tho date of said bond, or causo the samo to be so
exported; and the penal sum of said bond shall not
be less than double the amount of the tax on -such
spirits. One of the entries shall be tiled in the othee
of tho collector, one shall bo transmitted by said col-
lector, with the bill of lading, to the collector m
charge ot exports at the port of entry to which the
spirits arc to be transported, and one, together with
tho duplicate ot the bond, to the Commissioner ot
Internal Revenue, to be tiled in his olhee. The
removal frum the warehouse of such distilled spirits
for transportation shall be only after receiving the
order or permit tor the same, signed by the collector
and addressed to the storekeeper, and after each cask
or package has been distinctly marked or branded,
at the expense ot the distiller or owner, as follows:
"Bonded in , district of , ior transpoi tation
to the port of . in the State of ." (inserting,
m each case, the number of the district and name of
the State whence, and the name of the poi t and State
to which the same is to be transported.) The bills
of lading tor such transportation shall be not less
than three in number, and shall contain the name
of the owner or his agent, with tho name of the col-
lector in charge of exports as joint consignees at the
port of entry to which the same is to be transported,
with a full statement of the whole route by which it
is to bo transported, and shfill specify the marks and
numbers on the eabks or packages, and the name of
the distiller ot said spirits; two of said bills of lading
shall bo delivered to the collector of the district
whence the spirits are transported, one of which
shall be tiled in his otlice, and the other transmitted
by him, with the transportation entiy, to the col-
lector in charge of exports at the port of entry t,o
which the spirits are to be transported, livery mas-
ter ot a vessel, conductor of a railroad car, and per-
son in charge of any other vehicle by which distilled
spirits arc transported in bond by any route shall
exhibit, on application of any officer of internal rev-
enue, a manifest particularising the casks oi pack-
ages of distilled spirits so transported; and any dis-
tilled spirits transported under bond from one district
to another shall bo liable to seizure and torteituie if
found elsewhere than in regular transit on the route
as prescribed in the entry for transportation of the
same, or if, after arrival at the port of entry to which
it was destined, it has not been entered for deposit
in the warehouse as prescribed by law and regula-
tion. Every collector shall report weekly, to the
Commissioner of Internal .Revenue, ail entries made
of distilled spirits, for transportation ni bond from
their respective districts during the week, and of dis-
tilled spirits transported into such district from other
districts.
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, That before the
arrival of any distilled spirits, tiansportod in bond
as aforesaid, at the port of entry to which it was
destined, or immediately on its arrival, the owneror
agent named in the bill of lading as one of the con-
signees shall enter the same for deposit in tho ware-
house; and said entry shall be in triplicate, and shall
contain the name of the person applying to make
the deposit, the designation of the export bonded
warehouse in which the deposit is to be made, the
district and State whence it was transported, with
the date of the transportation entry, and the con-
veyance by which it arrived, or is to arrive, in form,
as follows;
[Entry for deposit in export bonded warehouse.]
Tin try of distilled spirits to bo deposited by 
 m export bonded warehouse  . which was
withdrawn for transportation by from 
warehouse in tho district, State of , on the —*
day of , A. I). , for transportation to .
And the entry shall specirytho whole number of
casks or packuges, with the marks and serial num-
bers thereon, the number of gauge or'wine gallons,
and of proof gallons, and the amount of the tax on
the distilled spirits contained in them, as stated in
the transportation entry, all of which shall be veri-
fied by the oath or affirmation of said owneror agent,
which shall be attached to the entry, and be m iorrn
as follows:
If , do solemnly swear that the distilled
spirits described in this entry are the identical spirits
described in the transportation entry made by  
 , in district. State of , on the — day of
 , A. D, ; and that said spirits are the same in
quantity, quality, value, and package, unavoidable
waste and damage excepted, as at the time of said
entry for transportation.
The said spirits, after being entered, shall, on arri-
val at the port of eutry, be unladen lrom the vessel,
railroad car, or other conveyance by which they were
brought, under the supervision of an officer of inter-
nal revenue designated by said collector in charge
of exports, who shall also supervise the transfer or
conveya nee of tb c same to such export bonded ware-
house as the collector may by written order desig-
nate; and, alter being gauged and inspected by a
United States gauger designated by said collector,
shall bo deposited in such warehouse and a return
shall bo immediately made by the gauger to said col-
lector of such gauging and inspecting, and the tax;
shall be paid on any difference in the number of
proof gallons as shown by the return of the gauger
and the number of proof gallons stated in the entry
to withdraw tbe distilled spirits for transportation,
after deducting therefrom tho allowance for actual
loss by leakage, to be established, ascertained, and
proved undorsueh rules and regulations as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may proscribe. One
entry tor deposit in the warehouse shall be retained
in the oilice of said collector, one shall be trans-
mitted to tho collector of the district whence the
transportation was made, and one sent to tho Com-
mi>hioner of Internal Revenue, to be recorded aud
tiled in his office.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. 54. And be it further enacted, That any distilled
spmts may, oil payment of the tax thereon, be with-
drawn from warehouse on application to the collector
of tho district in charge of such warehouse, on mak-
ing a wi. hdrawal entry, m duplicate, and m form as
tollows:
[Entry foi withdrawal of distilled spirits from ware-
house. Tax paid. I
Entry of distilled spirits to be withdrawn, on pay-
ment of the tax, from warehouse by ,
deposited on the — day of , A. I>.  , by   
 , in said warehouse.
If withdrawn by any other person than the person
who made the depo&itj the authority for so doing shall
bo attached to the entry signed by the person who
made the deposit, and be in form as follows:
I authorize to withdraw lrom warehouse
 the distilled spirits described in this entry.
And tho entry shall speeity tho whole number of
casks or packages, with the marks and serial num-
bers thereon, the number of gauge or wine gallons,
and of proof gallons, and the amount of the tax on
tho utstiiied spirits contained in them; all of which
shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of the
person making such entry; and on payment of tho
tax the collector shall issue his order to the store-
keeper in charge of the warehouse lor the delivery.
One of said entries shall be filed in the office <>f the
collector, and tho other transmitted by him to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows;
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted, That distilled
spirits may be withdrawn for immediate expoi t, with-
out payment ot the tax, from any warehouse at a
port of entry where a collector has been designated
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to have
charge ot all matters relating to the exportation of
articles subject to tax uuder tho laws to provide
internalrevenue, on application of tbe owner thereof
to the said collector, and under such rules and regu-
lations, and after makingsuch entiles, aud executing
such bonds, and giving such other additional security,
as may be prescribed by law and by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. The entry for such
exportation shall be in triplicate, and shall contain
the name of the person applying to export, thename
of thedistiller,andof the district in which the spirits
were distilled, the date of transportation from that
district, and the name of the vessel by which, and
the naineof the port to which, they are to be exported-;
and the form of tho entry shall be as follows:
[Entry fur export of distilled spirits.]
Entry of spirit distilled by , in—-district.
State of , ami transported thence on the — d.ty
of , A. D. , to be withdrawn from —-— ware-
house by , for immediate export by him on
board the  .whereof is master, bound
to .
And the entry shall specify the whole number of
casks or packages, the marks and serial numbers
thereon, the quality or kind of spirits as known in
commerce, the number of gauge or wine gallons and
of proof gallons, and amount of the tax on such dis-
tilled spit its; all of which shall be verified by the
oath or affirmation of the owner of thespiiits. and
that they are truly intended to be exported to the
port of , and not to be relanded within the limits
of the United States; and said owner shall give his
bond executed in duplicate, with one or more sure-
