1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3483
ties satisfactory to said collector, conditioned that
the principal named in said bond will export the dis-
tilled spirits as specified in said entry to the port
of , and that the same shall not be landed within
the jurisdiction of the United States. Thcpenal sum
named in said bond shall bo canal to not lees than,
double the amount of the tax on such spirits. For
the dischargcof any such export bond the Fame time
shall be allowed, and the same certificates ol landing
and other evidence shall bo required as la or may bo
piovidcd and required for imported merchandise
exported from the United States, that the said spirits
have been landed at the port named, or at any other
port beyond the jurisdiction of the United States, or
upon satisfactory evidence that the spirits hav« been
lost after shipment. One bill of lading, duly signed
by the master of the vessel, shall, when shipped,
be deposited with said collector, to be iiled at his
office with the entry, retained by him; one of said
entiies shall he sent to the collector of customs
at said port of entry, and when the shipment is
completed the other entiy shall be transmitted,
with the duplicate of the bond, to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, to be recorded and filed in his
office. The removal of such distilled spirits from the
warehouse for exportation shall be only after the
receipt of an order or permit signed by the collector
in charge of exports and directed to the storekeeper
of the warehouse, and after each cask or package
shall have been distinctly marked or branded, at the
expense of the owner, as follows: "U. S. expoit
warehouse; for export." Before shipment, the casks
ur packages shall be inspected and gauged alongside
of or on the vessel by an internal revenue gauger,
designated by said collector in charge of exports,
invlcr such rules and regulations as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may prescribe; and on appli-
cation of the said collector in charge of exports it
shall be the duty of the surveyor of the port to desig-
nate and dircct one of the custom-house inspectors
to superintend such shipment. The gauger, as afore-
said, shall make a full return of such inspecting and
gauging, certifying thereon that the shipment has
been made, in his presence, on board the vessel named
in the entry for export,which return shall be indorsed
by said custom-house inspector, certifying that the
casks or packages have been shipped under his
supervision on board said vessel; and the said in-
spector shall make a similar certificate to the sur-
veyor of the port indorsed on, or to be attached to,
the entry in possession of the custom-house.
Mx*. SCHENCK. I move to strike out that
section.
The motion was agreed to. ♦
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 56. And be it further enacted, That distilled
spirits may be withdrawn from any bonded ware-
house other than an export warehouse for tho pur-
pose of being redistilled into alcohol within the city,
I own, or district in which such warehouse is situated,
on application of thedistilleror ownerofsueh spirits
to the collector of internal revenue of the district in
which they are stored, under such rules and regula-
tions, and after making such entries, and executing
such bonds, and giving such other additional security
as may be prescribed by law and by regulations of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The entiy
to withdraw for redistillation shall bemadein dupli-
cate,and shall designate the name of the distiller or
owner applying for the redistillation, the name of
the distiller and of the district in which it was dis-
tilled, the distillery in which it is to be redistilled,
and by whom, and shall be in form as follows:
[Entry to withdraw for redistillation.]
Entry of spirits distilled by , in dis-
trict, State of , to be withdrawn from the dis-
tillery warehouse by , tor redistillation into
alcohol by , at distillery, and to be re-
turned thereafter to the said warehouse.
And the entry shall specify the wnole number of
casks or packages, the marks or serial numbers
thereon, the number of gauge or wine gallons and
of proof gallons, and the amount of tho tax on such
distilled spirits, all of which shall be verified by the
distiller or owner of the spirits, who shall give his
bond, with one or more sureties satisfactory to said
collector, conditioned that the principal named in
said bond will return tho said spirits, and enter tho
same after redistillation into alcohol for deposit in
the warehouse from which it was withdrawn, within
thirty days from the date of said bond, and will pay
tbetax on any quantity of proof gallons so returned
less than the number of proof gallons stated in the
entry to withdrawthe distilledspirits from the ware-
house ; and the penal sum of said bond shall be not
less than double the amount of the tax on such
spirits. One of theentries shall be retained and filed
in the office of the said collector, and the other trans-
mitted to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to
be filed in his office. The removal from the ware-
house of such distilled spirits, for redistillation, shall
bo only after receiving the order or permit for the
same, signed by tho collector and addressed to tne
storekeeper, and alter each cask or package has been
regauged and inspected, and distinctly marked or
branded at, the expense of the distiller or owner, as
follows; "United States warehouse for redistilla-
tion."
Atr. ALLISON. I move to strike out thafc
section. It is the same subject.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 57. And be it further cnacted, That within
thirty days from the date of the bond given for the
withdrawal from warehouse of any distilled spirits
for redistillation, the alcohol redistilled therefrom
shall bo entered for warehousing by the distiller or
owner thereof, and deposited in the same warehouse
from which it was withdrawn; and the entry for
warehousing shall be made in duplicate, and shall
designate the name of the distiller or owner, the
warehouse in which it is to be deposited, and the date
of its withdrawal from said warehouse, and shall be
in form as follows:
[Entry of alcohol for warehousing.]
Entry of alcohol for warehousing by , in
 warehouse,  , State ot , redistilled from
spirits withdrawn by me from said warehouse on the
— day of , A. I). .
And the entiy shall spccify the whole number of
casks or packages, the marks or seiial numbers
thereon, the number of gauge or wine gallons and of
proof gallons, and the amount of the tax on such
alcohol. The said alcohol, after being gauged and
inspected by a United States gauger designated by
said collector, shall be deposited in such warehouse;
ancl each cask or package shall be branded ormarked
41 alcohol," and with the name of the distiller thereof,
and serial numbers placed thereon; and a return
shall be immediately made by the gauger to said col-
lector of such gauging and inspecting, and the tax
shall be paid on any difference in the number of
proof gallons, as shown by the return of the gauger,
and the number of proof gallons as stated in the entry
to withdraw tho distilled spirits for redistillation.
The distiller or owner of any alcohol so deposited in
the warehouse shall give his bond, with one or moro
sureties satisfactoiy to the said collector, conditioned
that tho principal named in said bond will, within
six months from tho date of said entry, withdrawthe
alcohol specified m the entry for consumption orsale,
and pay the tax thereon; and the penal sum of such
bond shall be not less than double the tax on such
alcohol. One of the entries shall be retained and
filed in the office of said collector, and tho othei trans-
mitted to the Commissioner of Intornal Revenue, to
be filed in his office. Alcohol deposited in any Uni-
ted States bonded warehouse may be withdrawn on
the payment of the tax, or for transportation in bond,
v, ithout the payment of the tax, to an export bonded
warehouse established and designated at a port of
entiy, and for export, in thesame manner and on the
same conditions, and the execution of such entries
and bonds in all respects as provided for in the case
of other distilled spirits.
ALLISON. I move to strike out that
section.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows;
Sec. 58. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue be, and ho is hereby,
authorized to grant permits to curators or principal
officers of incorporated or chartered scientific insti-
tutions to withdraw alcohol in specified quantities
from bond, without payment of the internal revenue
tax on the same, or on the spirits from which the
alcohol hasbeen distilled, for thesoleand exclusive
purpose of preserving specimens of anatomy, physi-
ology, or of natural history, belonging to said insti-
tutions. Provided, That the said curators or other
officers, on applying for such permit, shall file a bond
for double the amount of tax on the alcohol to be
withdrawn, with two good and sufficient sureties, who
shall not bo officers ot tho institution making appli-
cation, said bonds and sureties to be approved by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and conditioned
that the whole quantity of alcohol so withdrawn
from bond shall be used for the purpose above spe-
cified, and for no other; and that the curators, or
other officers, shall comply with such other require-
ments and regulations as the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue may prescribe. And if any alcohol so
obtained shall be used or allowed to be used by any
curatororother officer of said institution for anypui-
pofo other than that above specified, then the said
curators, officers, and sureties shall pay the tax on
tho whole amount of alcohol withdrawn from bond,
together with a like amount as a penalty in addition
thereto.
Mr. BUTLER. That .section should be
stricken out. It provides for putting alcohol
in bond, and taking it out without payment of
tax. I move that it be stricken out.
Mr. ALLISON. I think it ought to be
stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Seo. 59. And be it further enacted, That at any port
of entry bonded warehouses may bo established, to
be known as bonded manufacturing warehouses, in
which medicines, medical preparations, composi-
tions, perfumery, and cosmetic?,, and cordials or
liqueurs, composed in part of alcohol or other dis-
tilled spirits, mav be manufactured for export exclu-
sively, under such rules and regulations as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe; and
no building, or part of a building, shall be designated
for such warehouse which has openings connecting it
with other buildings or other rooms in the same build-
ing, or which shall be within six hundred feet of any
distillery or rectifying establishment, nor unless rec-
ommended by the collector of the district and the
collector having charge of exports at such port of
entry, and approved by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue; and such waiehouses shall be used for
manufacturing the articles aforesaid for export, and
for no other purpose, and shall be under the direc-
tion and control of said collector, and in charge of an
internal revenue storekeeper assigned thereto by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who shall keep
a record of the distilled spirits received and how
used, and of the delivery of any articles from tho
warehouse, and make such reports as required of
storekeepers in other bonded warehouses; and no
article manufactured therein shall be removed fiom
such warehouse except on an order or permit from
the collector in charge of exports at such port of entry
for immediate transfer to the vessel by which it is to
be exported to a foreign country as hereinafter pro-
vided. Any materials imported into tho United States
may, under such rules as now exist, or as may here-
after be prescribed for the removal of imported goods
into United States bonded warehouses, bo removed
in original packages from on shipboard or from
bonded warehouses in which the same may be, into
tho bonded manufacturing warehouse in which such
manufacture maybe carried on, for the purpose of
being used in such manufacture, without payment
of duties thereon. No articles so removed shall bo
used except in the manufacture of any of tho abovo
enumerated articles; and it shall be the duty of the
internal revenue storekeeper in cliargeof such bonded
manufacturing warehouse to personally sec that said
articles aro used in such manufacture, and his certifi-
cate of such aiticles having been so used shall bo
taken by the collector of customs of the district in
which such warehouse may be situated, in cancella-
tion of any bonds given for the payment of duties on
such imported articles.
Sec. 60. And be it further enacted, That alcohol or
other distilled spirits required for use in the man-
ufacture of medicine, medical preparations, per-
fumery, cosmetics, and cordials or liqueur*, composed
in part of such spirits, may be removed from bonded
warehouse without payment of the tax, to be trans-
ferred dirccUy to a bonded manufacturing warehouse
in the collection district, to be used in manufacturing
the articles aforesaid, on application of the man-
uficturer having such warehouse to the collector in
charge of exports at such port of entry, and under
such rules and regulations, and after making such
entries, and executing such bonds, and giving such
other additional security as may bo prescribed bylaw
and by the Commissioner of Intornal Revenue. Tho
entry for such removal and transfer shall be in dupli-
cate, and shall contain the name of thepeison apply-
ing therefor, the kind of spirits, and the name of tho
distiller and of the district in which it was distilled,
and designate the warehouse to which it is to be re-
moved; and theformof the entry shall be as follows;
[Entry of distilled spirits for manufacture in bond.]
Entry of , to bo withdrawn from bonded ware-
house in the district. State of , by   
 , to be manufactured by me for export from the
port of , to my bonded manufacturing ware-
house in .
And the entry shall specify tho whole number of
casks or packages, the marks and serial numbers
thereon, the number ot gauge or wine gallons and
of proof gallons, and the amount of the tax on such
distilled spirits; all of which shall be verified by tho
oath or affirmation of the distiller or owner of said
spirits, also by the oath or affirmation of the person
making such entiy, who shall give his bond executed
in duplicate, with one or more sureties satisfactory
to said coll ector, conditioned that theprincipal named
in Mid bond will tiansfer the spirits specified in the
entiy to his bonded manufacturing warehouse, and,
after using the samo for manufacturing any of tho
articles allowed bylaw, will enter for export allsueh
articles in which said spirits have been used, and
expoit the same to some foreign port, and that such
articles shall not be landed or consumed within tho
jurisdiction of the United States. The penal sum
naijiud in said bond shall bo equal to not less than
double the amount of the tax on such spirits. The
removal of such distilled spirits from the bonded
warehouse shall bo only after the reeeiptof an order
or permit signed by thecollcctorin charge of exports,
and directed to the storekeeper of such warehouse,
and after each cask or package shall have been gauged
and inspected, and shall have been distinctly marked
or branded, at the expense of the person making tho
entry, as follows: "For removal to bonded manufac-
turing warehouse of One of said entries,
with the duplicate of the bond, shall bo transmitted
by said collector to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, to be filed in his office, and the other entry
and bond shnll be retained and preserved in the office
of said collector.
Sec. 61. And be it further enacted, That medicines,
medical preparations, perfumery, cosmetics, and cor-
dials or liqueurs composed in part of alcohol or other
distilled spirits and manufactured in bonded manu-
facturing warehouses as hereinbefore provided, shall
be withdrawn from such warehouses for immediate
export, without payment of tax and without having
stamps affixed thereto, on application by the manu-
facturer to the collector in charge of exports, and
under such rules and regulations, and after making
such entries and executing such bonds and giving
such other additional security as may be prescribed
by law and by the Commissioner of Internal B eve-
nue. The entry for such exportation shall be in trip-
licate, and shall specify the name of the article to be
exported, the number of packages, and the estimated
quantity in proof gallons of distilledspirits consumed
in the manufacture of tho article to be exported and
the amount of the tax on such spirits; and in all
other respects, so far as applicable, the same forms
shall be observed and the same proceedings bad as
providedforin regard to the export of distilled spirits;
and the proof required of landing the same beyond
the jurisdiction of the United States shall bethesaino
as in the case of distilled spirits exported.
I move to strike out thoss
Mr. ALLISON.
three sections.
The motion was agreed to.
