THE (JGNGIiEHSlOiYAL GLOBE.
agree that under this statute and within the
reason of the law he could not have availed
himself of the acts of 1789 and 1795 to remove
a single head of Department appointed by him-
self at any time during his term; and I do not
care how often his term was renewed it was
still the term and answered to the statute, and
he was still the President by whom these
officers were appointed. And when his term
expired, whether it was renewed twice or three
or four times, when his term had expired the
proviso in futuro took effect according to its
own express language, and the offices by oper-
ation of law became vacated one month after
theexpiration of thatterm, and that term never
does expire until the end of the time limited.
I have nothing further to say, Senators, upon
this point. I think X have made it plain
enough.
Having said this, allow me to remark in this
connection that 1 think my honorable and
learned friend from Ohio, [Mr. Groesbeck,]
in his argument, spoke a little hastily and a
little inconsiderately when he ventured to tell
the Senate that unless Mr. Stanton was pro-
tected by the tenure-of-office act the first eight
articles of impeachmentvmust fail. Passing
the question of removal, about -which I have
said'enough, and more than enough, how can
anybody agree with the honorable gentleman
in his conclusion touching this matter of ap-
pointment? • What man c&n say one word, one
intelligible word in justification of the position
that the act of 1867 did not sweep away every
line and letter of the power of appointment
conferred on the President by the acts of 1789
and 1795, as to every officer, appointable by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate?
I have asked the attention of the Senate before,
and beg pardon for asking their attention again
to the express words of the act which settle
beyond controversy that point. Those words
are:
" That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate" * * * * shall
be entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly qual-
ified."
The proviso, even allowing it to have the
effect and operation which the gentlemen claim,
only vacates the office: but it does not allow a
successor to be appointed. There is not a
word or syllable of that sort in it. The statute
then stands declaring in substance that all va-
cancies in all these Departments shall hereafter
be filled only by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, save as it may be qualified
by the third section ; and what is that ?
" That the President sha,ll have power to fill up all
vacancies which may happen during the recess of
the Senate, by reason oi death or resignation, by
granting commissions which shall expire at the end
of their next session thereafter."
Showing additional reasons in support of my
position that this statute necessarily repeals
the acts of 1789 and 1795, that he may merely
fill up during the recess, reiterating in other
words the provision of the Constitution itself,
but by law absolutely limiting and restricting
his power of appointment to vacancies during
the recess.
"And if no appointment, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall be made to such
office so vacant or temporarily tilled as aforesaid dur-
ing such next session of the Senate, such office shall
remain in abeyance, without any salary, foes or emol-
uments attached thereto, until the same shall befitted
by appointment thereto, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate."
Showing, as plainly aslanguage can show, that
the President's power over the premises is by
law absolutely excluded.
" And during such time all the powers and duties
belonging to such oSice shall be exercised by such
other officer as may by law exeicise such powers and
duties in case of a vacancy in such office."
This throws you back upon the provisions of
the act of 186:>, but there is the express provis-
ion that the office shall remain in abeyance.
Here is an appointment ad interim during the
session of the Senate; here is an appointment
ad interim to fill a vacancy which did not arise
during the recess; here is ati appointment ad
interim to fill a vacancy created by an act of
Si rPT/RMEVT ~2fi.
removal by himself; and what do, the gentle-
men say to it? Why it did not succeed, I
answered.that yesterday, that the very Vords
of the statute declare that the issuance of the
letter of authority shall be itself a high misde-
meanor. That is answer enough.
But what else is said here about this thing ?
The gentlemen come here to argue and put it
in the answer of the President that the act of
1867 is unconstitutional and void. They have
argued for hours here to the Senate to assure
them that no man can be guilty of a crime for
the violation of an unconstitutional act, be-
cause it was no law that he violated. Why all
this effort, Senators, made by these learned
counsel? - Why this solemn averment in this
answer of the President that the act of 1867 is
unconstitutional and void, if, after all, there
was no violation of its provisions; if, after all, it
was no crime for him to make this ad interim
appointment; if, after all, the acts of 1789 and
1795 remain in full forcfe? Senators, I have
no patience to pursue an argument of this sort.
The position assumed is utterly inexcusable,
utterly indefensible. Admitting Mr. Stanton,
if you please, to be within the proviso, admit-
ting that the proviso operated retrospectively,
admitting that it vacated his office on the 4th
day of April, 18C5, as also the offices of Mr.
Seward and Mr. Welles and Mr. McCulloch,
leaving the Republic without any lawful heads
to those Departments, accepting the absurd
propositions of these gentlemen, and I ask you
what answer is that to the second and third
and eighth articles of accusation against this
President that he committed a high crime and
misdemeanor in office in that he issued a letter
of authority contrary to the provisions of the
sixth section ? It is just no answer at all. I
think the counsel must so understand it them-
selves.
What answer is that, I ask you, Senators,
to the charges in the fourth, fifth, sixth, and
seventh articles, that he entered into con-
spiracy with Thomas to prevent the execution
of the law, and the averment in the eleventh
article, which averments are divisible, as every
lawyer knows, that he attempted by device and
contrivance to prevent the execution of the
law and to prevent the Secretary of War, Ed-
win M. Stanton, from resuming the functions
of the office in obedience to the requirements
of the act of 1867, which is also made a crime
by your act of 1801 touching conspiracies,
which is a crime at common law, as 1 read in
the hearing of the Senate from 4 Bacon, and
which crime at common law is made indict-
able by your act of 1801, and so affirmed by
the decisions of the circuit court of your Dis-
trict and by the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, which I also read in the
hearing of the Senate. I ask Senators to con-
sider whether, admitting that the Secretary of
War had ceased to be entitled to the oince,
and was not to be protected in the office by
operation of the law, the President must, go
acquit of these conspiracies into which he has
entered and for the very purpose alleged, as
confessed by himself in his letter which I read
yesterday in the hearing of the Senate, and
must go acquit of issuing this letter of author-
ity in direct violation of the sixth section of
the act.
There were other words uttered by the coun-
sel here to show that there was a great deal
more in this accusation than these gentle-
men were willing to concede. The Senate
will remember the language of Mr. Attor-
ney General Stanbery, that this act was an
odious, offensive, unconstitutional law, in that
it attempted to impose penalties upon the Ex-
ecutive for discharging his executive functions,
making it a crime or misdemeanor for him to
exercise his undoubted discretionary power as
claimed in his answer under the Constitution.
He affirmed here with emphasis before the
Senate that the law was made exclusively for the
Executive. He forgot, Senators, that the fifth
section of the act makes it apply to every man
who participates with the Executive voluntarily
in the breach of the law. and makes it a high
misdemeanor for any; person,to accent any
Such appointment, &c.', punishable t>y fine'a/ia
imprisonment in the sanje mea?.ui;e. precisely
as the President himself is punishable. * " *,
I do not understand. Senators^ jv'hy'thtt'jlhe
of argument was entered upon, if m'y'iriend
from Ohio was right in coming $o the conclu-
sion that there was nothing in "the conspiracy,
that there was nothing in is&iiit^g'" the letter
of authority in violation of tbg 'ixpr&sg p.eijal
provisions of the law, if Mr. ..Stji fbi.ir- wia's
not protected by the lajv and' could be! right-
fully removed. There is a great dejal "in ' it
beyond that. The President had no rjglxt to
make the appointment. That is the express
language of your law. And for doing'it he,is
liable to indictment whenever the'Senate shall
have executed its power over liim by his re-
moval from office. I explained yesterday ho w
it is that he is not liable to prosecution before.
Your Constitution provides that, after thg judg-
ment shall be pronounced upon him of re-
moval from offioe he may be held to answer
by indictment for the crimes and misdemean-
ors whereof he has been impeached. -
I referred yesterday, Senators, to tbs fact
disclosed in the evidence that the President
has been pursuing these acts of usurpation in
utter defiance and contempt of the people's
power to control him since the impeachment
was preferred against him. I read in the hear-
ing of the Senate yesterday what was sworn to
by Thomas as to the proposition to have an .
order made upon General Graut to conipel.the
surrender of the papers of the Department of
War to his Secretary ad interim. 1 read in the
hearing of the Senate yesterday what Thomas
swore to, that the President concluded to defer
action upon the order which Thomas had writ-
ten out and left lying upon the table awaiting
the result of impeachment. And, Senators,
something has transpired here upon the floor
in the progress of this case which gives signifi-
cance to this conversation between the Presi-
dent and Thomas, and that was the language
of his veteran and intrepid friend from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Nelson,] who stood here unmoved
while he uttered the strong words in the hear-
ing of the Senate, that it was his own conviction,
and it was also the conviction or opinion of the
President himself, that the House of Repre-
sentatives had no power under the Constitution
to impeach him, no matter what he was guilty
of, and that the Senate of the United States had
no power under the Constitution as novv or-
ganized to try him upon impeachment. We
are very thankful that the President, of his
grace, permits the Senate to sit quietly and de-
liberate on this question presented by articles
of impeachment through the people's Repre-
sentatives.
But I ask Senators to consider whether the
President—for 1 observe the counsel did not
intimate that the President was willing to abide
the judgment—whether the President in this
matter, after all, is not playing now the same
■role which he did play when he availed him-
self of the provisions of the tenure of-offieeact
to suspend Edwin M. Stanton from office and
appoint a Secretary ad interim to await the
action of the Senate; whether he is not play-
ing the same rule that he did play further when
he availed himself of that act and notified tlje
Senate of the suspension, together with the
reasons and the evidence, agreeing to allow the
Senate to deliberate, agreeing, if the Senate
would concur in the suspension and make it
absolute, to abide the judgment; but, never-
theless, reserving to himself that unlimited
prerogative of executive power to defy the final
judgment of the Senate if it was not in accord
with his own. Is that the posture of this case?
I think it had been well for the President of
the United States, when he was informing us of
his opinions on the subject through his. learned
counsel, to have gone a step further and to have
informed us whether he would abide the judg-
ment. He has let us know that we may sit and
try hiin, as he let the Senate know before that
they might sit and consider his reasons of sus-
pension : but he letthem know, when they came
