1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4507
Stewart, Sumner. Thayer. Tipton. Van Winkle.
Wade, Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
andYates—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Colliding,
Dixon, Edmunds, Fessendcn, Fowler, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howard, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morron, Norton, Osborn, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Pool, Robertson, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, and
Viokors—26.
So the motion ivas not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the bill will be reported to the
Satiate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object. I wish the
Clerk to send the bill to me. It lias not been
printed, and I am unable to speak to it with-
out using the manuscript as sent from the
House.
The second section of the bill reads as fol-
lows :
That the several ordinances which may be passed
by the constitutional convention of either of said
States as herein provided shall bo enforced by the
provisional government in such State until disap-
proved by Congress, or until such a State shall have
adopted a constitution of State government, and the
same shall have been approved by Congress: Pro-
vided, That nothing in this act contained shall de-
prive any person of trial by jury in the courts of said
States for offenses against the laws of said States.
Now, Mr. President, that section is one of
very extraordinary character, and will undoubt-
edly lead to gross abuses during the present
year. Here is a provision that ordinances
passed hereafter by conventions in those several
States shall be enforced by the provisional
authorities until the future pleasure of Con-
gress shall be known and shall be announced
on the subject. It will make no difference
what the orders adopted by the convention may
be no matter what the subject may be to which
it relates, nor its particular character. What-
ever it may be it is to be enforced within the
State for an unknown, unfixedperiod of time in
the future. Heretofore Congress has reserved
to itself the right to disapprove the acts of ter-
ritorial Legislatures whenever they may conflict
with constitutional principles or with public
policy. Here, however, beforehand, before
we know what statute may be adopted by the
convention, we procecd to provide that it shall
be law, and that it shall take effect, and that its
operations shall continue until some unknown,
unfixed time in the future, when Congress may
think proper to recall its assent now given in
advance without knowledge.
What will be the result'? What is probably
the very result aimed at by that section? It is
that constitutional conventions in certain of
those States may by ordinance regulate and
control the elections of the present year, the
elections which may be held in those States
not only upon the subject of reorganizing the
reconstructed State governments, but also elec-
tions for the choice of presidential electors
and members of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. They do not vote at all. The
bill prohibits their voting on the presidential
election, and they will not vote on the consti-
tution either.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That shows the impro-
priety of acting in this manner.
Mr. WILSON. There is nothing about elec-
tions in it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose it applies to
the three States of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas. That shows the impropriety of pro-
ceeding to legislate in the closing hours of the
session in this manner. Of course, no one
knows what is in that bill except the particu-
lar member or members whose attention has
been called to it and who have examined its
provisions. Of course, I speak at random.
So far as the second section is concerned it
is general; it makes no distinction between
the different States of the South, although in
point of fact I suppose its operation would be
confined to the three States of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas, because in them, and in
them alone, will there be constitutional con-
ventions held during the present year.
Now, sir, here is a double authority and a
double jurisdiction tobe set up in those States,
confining myself for the present to the second
section of this bill. These constitutional con-
ventions by ordinance may decree anything
they please relatiug to the government of the
particular States in which they are held. Then
all the existing civil authorities in that State
are commanded to enforce their ordinances, to
accept them as law, to act under them as if
they were binding as acts passed by compe-
tent authority; and that condition of things is
to continue until Congress, at some future
time, shall make some change. That is the
second section of this bill. At the same time
you continue in those States your military ju-
risdiction. Here are your military commandr
ers, your generals, with their subordinates,
armed by your laws with full control over
these provisional governments, not only to
regulate and control their action, but to change
incumbents of offices under those provisional
arrangements. Here is a dual system. First,
here is a fountain of law and of power lodged
in those constitutional conventions, not merely
to frame a constitution for the particular State,
but to enact any law, regulation, or ordinance,
which the convention may please for the con-
trol and regulation of civil affairs within the
State. Here, then, also is your military com-
mander, armed by your several reconstruction
'laws with full authority and control within the
same jurisdiction. Now, sir, in a case of con-
flict or of collision, in case of a difference of
opinion as to what is politic, or in fact neces-
sary within the State, between the military
commander and the constitutional convention,
which authority shallprevail? If different'rules
are presented by these two authorities which
rule shall prevail, which shall the people of
that State accept as that rule of civil conduct
prescribed by the supreme power in the State,
which is to command the obedience of the
citizen or of the subject?
You will remember, Mr. President, that in
the case of Arkansas the constitutional con-
vention in that State provided by ordinance
how the election should be held in the State,
and they provided such regulations that it was
impossible that one half, or more, of the inhab-
itants of the State could vote at all on the
question of adopting the constitution. They
prescribed such oaths to be administered at
the first election and provided that it should
be held in such manner and under such condi-
tions that it was impossible that their political
opponents should vote at the election. That
was done by ordinance, by a regulation which
was to obtain only at the first election. Their
constitution made very different arrangements
for the future after it had once come into exist-
ence by the'Adoption of the people. What
was done there ? Here was one rule in Arkansas
for the adoption of the constitution prescribed
by the ordinance of the convention, which dis-
franchised a large portion of the people of the
State and prevented them from voting on the
adoption of the constitution, and there was a
different rule prescribed by the reconstruction
laws and by the military commanders. What
took place? The general in command of the
district gave notice that the election should
not be held under the ordinance of the conven-
tion ; that it should be held in conformity
with the reconstruction laws of Congress. He
issued that order ; and it was by reason of his
interference, and by it alone, that there was
any pretense of a fair or a full election in the
State of Arkansas. It was by overriding the
passionate and unjust ordinance which had
been passed by the constitutional convention.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield to me for a mo-
ment for a privileged question, to submit the
report of the conference committee on the bill
now pending in relation to the territory of
Alaska, and which it is nesessary should be
passed at once ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the House to
the hill (S. No. 619) to extend the laws of the
United States relative to customs, commerce,
and navigation over the territory ceded to the
United States by Russia, to establish a collec-
tion district therein, and for other purposes,
recommend that the Senate recede from its
disagreement to the amendments of the House.
The report was concurred in.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. C0NKLING-. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania whether he will yield for a mo-
tion to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business? I understand that the bill is to
be discussed at some length by other Senators;
and as there is only an hour and a half remain-
ing it is clear that we cannot pass the bjll. If
the Senator from Pennsylvania yields, I sub-
mit a motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will ex-
cuse me. The Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Fowler] desires to make some personal explan-
ation, and I will yield to him.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, at this late
hour in the session I dislike very much to oc-
cupy the time of the Senate. Indeed, sir, I am
disinclined to do so on any occasion ; and since
I have been here I have occupied but very little
of the valuable time of the Senate. I would
not even, under present circumstances, seek to
divert the attention of the Senate from its more
important business if I had not been assailed
in a very improper and very dishonorable man-
ner, and if the whole power of the House of
Representatives had not been brought to bear
in the hands of one bad man for the purpose
of crushing me and others on this floor. No
investigation has been made by the committee
appointed by the Senate to examine into cer-
tain allegations connected with the impeach-
ment trial, and we are left to ourselves to pro-
tect ourselves against these assaults. I wish
now to review to some extent a document
known as a report submitted to the House of
Representatives and signed by one man of the
so-called inquisitorial committee, who brought
forward and inaugurated the effort to crush out
certain members of the Senate who chose to
exercise the right of private judgment on a
somewhat memorable occasion.
It is a painful duty to be required to vindi-
cate our own reputation against the aspersions
of any individual. Men do not readily listen
even to one who is necessarily compelled to
speak of himself. It is at all times unpleasant
for a man of sensibility to obtrude his com-
plaints upon others.
As each individual in society is interested
personally in the good reputation of his fellow,
it becomes not only his duty to hear patiently
but to undertake the vindication of himself.
If the slanderer is permitted to pass undetected
and unchastised he will soon undermine the
foundations of faith and confidence. However
unpleasant it may be for me to assume the
attitude of vindicating my own honor, it is in
a high degree a public duty to my fellow-cit-
izens. They are deeply interested in whatever
affects my honor and good name. I would
also feel unworthy of the confidence of men if
I did not feel bound to protect and defend the
good name of my fellow-meti.
I may, then, claim the attention and indul-
gence of such of the Senators as acknowledge
in their hearts and manifest in their conduct
the obligations due from man to his fellow-
man, and more especially those that compre-
hend the relations of each to the Great Father
of all. I may expect to receive the favor of
my countrymen who are actuated by a like
regard and reverence for the virtues and graces
of life.
To understand more clearly the malignity
of the efforts of certain men to asperse the
reputation of the seven Republican Senators
who dared, in the late movement to expel the
President from his place and to take posses-
sion of it, to exercise the right of private judg-
ment under the solemnities of an oath, it will
be proper for me to review rapidly a part oi
our political history during the last four years.
