1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made and charged to the Agricultural Depart-
ment account without reference to the appro-
priations for the specific purposes. What I mean
is this: Congress appropriates one amount of
money for the purchase of seeds, yet money
is used for the purchase of seeds that is taken
out of appropriations for other purposes, and
money for the purchase of seeds is used for
other purposes of that Department. As it is
.impossible for the committee to examine all
of ihese claims, we have simply reported thein
all hack, putting upon each claimant the ne-
cessity of going before the proper accounting
officer and there subjecting each one to the
same proof he would be subjected to before a
court to substantiate the justice of his claim.
If it be proved to the satisfaction of the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury then it is
provided each one of these claims shall be
paid ; and if not so proved, then these claims
are not to be paid. We thought it was the
best course we could take.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made adverse reports in
the following cases; and the same weie laid
on the table:
Petition of E. Kipp, of the city of Wash-
ington ;
Petition of James ICeenau';
Petition of Captain G. H. Bonebrake;
Petition of J. W. Martin ; and
Petition of Nancy Russell.
miciiael m'oann.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the case of
Michael McCann be recommitted, so as to cor-
rect an error.
The motion was agreed to.
edward e. siiead.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 2G5) for
the relief of Edward E. Shead, of Eastport,
Maine ; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue to E. E. Shead, of East-
port, in the State of Maine, two six per cent,
coupon bonds for the sum of $500 each, in lieu
of two bonds destroyed by fire, bearing date
August 18, 1864, numbered 19747 and 19748,
payable in 1881.
It appears from the report that the sworn
statement of the claimant and others shows that
he was the owner of certain seven and three
tenths United States securities, and placed
them in the hands of E. II. Wadsworth, of
Eastport, who employed Spencer, Vila & Co.,
of Boston, to convert them into six per cent,
coupon bonds due in 1881. It further appears
from the proof that they were sent about the
2-3d of June, 1804, and that he received in ex-
change three $500 six per cent. coup<*ii bonds,
numbered 17740, 19747, and 19748, bearing
date 18th August, 1804. The same were de-
livered to E. H. Wadsworth, who delivered the
last two to the claimant, who shut them up in
his safe. They were there at ten o'clock p. m.
on the 22d October, 1864 ; but at about one
o'clock of the same night a fire broke out and
destroyed the building in which the safe was
kept. The proof is clear that after the fire
ceased an examination was made by opening
the safe, and the bonds were plain to be seen
in their charred condition, and were distinctly
recognized, but on handling them they fell to
pieces.
Mr. PRICE. Where are the charred re-
mains?
Mr. STOKES. I have the remains of a por-
tion of them in my room at this time, which
were handed to me by the gentleman from
Maine.- The case is as clear a one as can be
made out. Mr. Shead was the owner of the
bonds, and they were destroyed by fire.
Mr. ROSS. I would ask whatevidenee there
is besides the statement of the applicant. There
are a groat many bonds in the country that,
have been burned lately. I understand from
the report that the case rests mainly upon the
evidence of the applicant. I would like the
gentleman to inform the House whether there
is.complete and satisfactory evidence that these
bonds were burned, and, if so, where that evi-
dence is.
Mr. STOKES. I have already stated that
we have the affidavit of Mr. Shead himself, of
his clerk, and of Mr. Wadsworth. We have
also the certificate of the firm of Spencer, Vila
& Co., of Boston, who received from Mr.
Shead, through the hands of Mr. Wadsworth,
the seven-thirty notes, and converted them into
the bonds which were destroyed.
Mr. PIKE. -This ease does not depend upon
the affidavit ortestimonyof theclaimantaloue,
but on the testimony of those who saw the
bonds in the safe the night before at ten o'clock
and those who saw them the next morning after
the safe was opened. I know these parties. I
have known them from my youth up. I know
that those who testify in this ease do so as hon-
estly as any man in this House can testily. The
fire thatdestroyed these bonds was one that not
only consumed this store but the whole business
part of the town. The reason why this safe
was not rescued from the flames was because
the claimant, Shead, was a member of a fire
company, and was engaged in extinguishing
the fire in another part of the town, not dream-
ing that it would reach his store. But the town
was built of wood, a side-wind sprung up and
blew over the quarter where this store was
situated, and, unexpectedly to him and every-
body else, consumed it. While lie was pro-
tecting other peoples' property he failed *to
protect his own. It is as honest a ease as ever
was presented.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles n. goldinr.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Massa-
chusetts, Senate bill No. 251, for the relief of
Captain CharlesN. Golding, latequartermaster
of volunteers, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
charles b. tanner.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill (11. R. No. 1009) for the relief
of Charles B. Tanner, late first lieutenant
sixty-ninth Pennslyvania volunteers; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill appropriates $144 92, to be paid to
the claimant as first lieutenant and aid-de-
camp, to cover a period of service from Novem-
ber 8 to December 15, 1864, inclusive, at which
time he actually performed duty and was reg-
ularly commissioned in the sixty-ninth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, but was not
mustered in.
The bill w.as ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed
unanimously.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave 01' absexce.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, Mr. Hill, and Mr.
Milleb.
land grasts is michigan and wisconsin.
Mr. HODMAN obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. DRIQ-GS, who asked unanimous con-
fen' report back from the Committee on
the i. ublic Lands the amendments of the Sen-
ate to joint resolution of the House No. 9i
concerning certain lands granted to rail real
companies in the States of Michigan and W'is
consin, with an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
amendments be read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the joint reso-
lution and amendments be read, reserving the
right to object.
Mr. DR1GGS. Let me make a very brief
explanation. This joint resolution passed the
House by a very large majority, and went to
the Senate. The Senate amended it. When
it came back here I objected to the amend-
ment ; 1 wished to look into it a little closely,
and it was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands. The committee have examined
it and have placed a restriction on the grant,
and with that restriction they ask to have the
amendment of the Senate concurred in.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iaskthat
the joint resolution and both the amendments
be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as fol-
lows :
it resolved, <£■<?., That a failure to grade twenty
miles of the road within two years from the passage
ot the act entitled "An act to extend the time forthe
completion of certain raili oads to which land grants
have been made in the States of Michigan and Wis-
consin, ' approved on the 3d of March, 1865, and
twenty miles .additional thereof in each year there-
after, as required by said a.ct,shall notcause anyfor-
feiture or reversion to theUnited Statesof any lands
granted to the said State?, or either of them, to aid in
the construction of the railroads described; Pro-
vided, That said eoinpanies, or either of then!, shall
fully comploto their said railroads in the manner
required by law on or belore the 31st of December,
A. I>. 1872. at which time a failure shall forfeit tho
lands to the United States.
Sice. 2. And be it further resolved. That the Com-
liii.-Moner of the General Land Office be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause a patent.,
in due form of law, to bo issued to the Chicago and
Northwestern "Railway Company, in pursuance of a
resolution passed by Congress granting the same to
the State of Wisconsin, approved April 25, A. D.1862,
and an act of tho Legislature of Wisconsin approved
June lti, A. 1>. 1862, granting the same to said com-
pany, for eighty acres of land of the 1'ort Howard
military reserve, as the same was surveyed and ap-
proved by the said commissioner on the 11th of June,
A. D. 1864.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
On page 2, after line one, insort:
Provided, The provisions of this section shall ap-
ply only to the chartered and projected line of rail-
way from the city of Pond du Lae, in the Stato of
Wisconsin, northerly to JSseanaba, in tho State of
Michigan, and tho chartered and projected line of
railway from Marquette, in the Stato of Michigan,
westerly to Ontonagon, in the same State.
The amendment to the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Public Lands was then
read, as follows:
And provided further. That if the said Marquette
and Ontonagon Railroad Company, in the Stato of
Michigan,shall nothave completed according to law
ten additional miles of their railroad on or beforo
the 1st day of January, 1869, and shall not in like
manner complete ten miles of said railroad in each
and every year thereafter, then itshali be lawful lor
tho Legislature of the said State of Michigan to de-
clare The grant of lands to said company to be foi-
tcited and to confer the said grantot lands uponsomo.
other company in the same manner as it the said
grant was now for the first time made to said State
of Michigan.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will reserve the right to
object until the gentleman from Michigan has
made his statement.
Mr. DR1GGS. As the joint resolution has
passed the House, and the amendment of the
committee is merely a restriction, I will ask
for the question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall have to object to
the joint resolution unless the gentleman can
give us some explanation of its effect.. It is
impossible to tell from the reading of the joint
resolution and the amendments exactly what,
it provides. What is the effect of .the joint
resolution ? Does it increase the land grant?
Mr. DRIGGS. It -does not increase the
grant at all. It is simply an extension of
, eighteen months on the time of the original
I grant, and provides for a perfect forfeiture at
i the end of the extended time if they fail to
on
;n- /
2v
