THE CONGRESSIONAL
May I'4,
complete the road. I pledge my .word to the
gentleman that it makes no additional grant of
lands, and that it places further restrictions on
|he company.
' The clause in reference to the Port Howard
reserve simply authorizes the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to issue a patent, un-
der the law already pa'ssed, giving that land in
the B"ort Howard reserve for depot purposes
to the railroad company. Does the gentieman
want any further explanation ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand, then, that
the effect of the joint resolution is simply to
extend the time within which the road shall be
completed.
Mr. DRIGGS. Yea, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. It does not increase the
grant?
Mr. DRIGGS. There is no increase.
Mr. HOLMAN. How long is the time ex-
tended t
Mr. DRIGGS. Eighteen months. The grant
does not expire until 1870, and this extends it
to 1872. It is an extension of less than two
years. I call the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Ihopethegen-
tleman will allow me to suggestan amendment.
Mr. DRIGGS. I cannot do that. The gen-
tleman wants to make the company hold these
lands in market, and that would embarrass
it for so brief a time. I therefore cannot con-
sent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must say to the gentle-
man from Michigan that this matter was allowed
to come up by my yielding the floor to him with
a view to accommodate him if possible. I can-
not allow the joint resolution to come before
the House if there is any substantial objection
to it. If the effect of the joint resolution is
simply to extend the time, 1 certainly shall not
raise any objection; but I must insist that the
gentleman from Ohio shall be heard.
Mr. DRIGGS. Very well; 1 will hear him.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask that the
amendment I send to the Clerk's desk be read
for the information of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
That all lauds which may bo granted to said com-
pany to aid in the construction of said railway shall
be sold by said company only to actual settlors, in
quantities not greater than onequartor section toany
ono person, and at a price not exceeding $1 25 per
acre; and tlie Secretary of the interior shall have
power to proscribe rules and regulations for carrying
this act into ellect: and no person shall be deemed
an actual settler who does not furnish evidence in
such form as the Secretary of the Interior may pre-
scribe that it is his or her intention to enter upon,
iniprovo, and reside upon the lands ho or she may
purchase as and for a homestead.
Mr. WASHBtJIlNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the amendment proposed by tlie Committee on
the Public Lands be again read.
The amendment was read.
Mr.-WASllBURNE, of Illinois. I decidedly
object to the last part of that amendment, and
I do not think the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Duiggs] should insist upon it. It asks
Congress to delegate our power to the State of
Michigan to dispose of the public lands.
Mr. DRIGGS. I do not think my friend
understands fully the bearing of that amend-
ment. It has been customary to confer these
grants of land upon the States for the benefit
of roads. This extension would give the land
to the company, and withdraw the control of
the State of Michigan Irom the company, were
it not for the very amendment to which the
gentleman objects. It is this very restriction
which gives the State authority over the land
should the company fail. The committee
thought that would certainly be satisfactory to
the gentleman from Illinois, knowing his views
upon the subject; so that the State may compel
' the building of this road by this company, or
give the grant to some other company. As I
suppose I may be regarded as having the man-
agement of this bill, I will call the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe I reserved the
right to object.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the bill being considered?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
previous question being seconded, with the
understanding that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]] and the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiiburne] he voted upon.
Mr. DRIGGS. Wliat amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 understand the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] to pro-
pose to amend by striking out the last clause
of the amendment reported from the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOPKINS. Permit me to state to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] would not, from
the very nature of the ease, be operative upon
this bill, even if adopted. This bill does not
propose to grant any lauds; none at all. The
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio pro-
vides that all lands granted to this company
by this bill, or which may be granted hereafter,
shall be disposed of as provided by the amend-
ment.
And allow me to state another reason why
it will be impossible for the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio to operate upon this bill.
The principle of that amendment was consid-
ered by the Committee on the Public Lands.
The lands now in the possession of these rail-
road companies are subject to land mortgages,
and therefore it-is impossible for this amend-
ment to apply to them, and we cannot make
it operative, even if we should adopt it.
I am in favor of the amendment of the gen-
tleman on general principles, and I assure the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] that,
m my opinion, no bill will hereafter be reported
by the Committee on the Public Lands granting
an acre of land for the construction of rail-
roads without having incorporated in it a pro-
vision even more strongly guarded than this
amendment. But I insist that this amendment
should not be applied to this bill.
Let me say further, that this bill was fully
discussed and thoroughly considered when it
was up in the House at the time of its passage,
and it was passed by a vote of three to one.
In the Senate it was passed without any oppo-
sition at all. The amendment of the Senate
has been thoroughly considered by the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands. At the request of
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Duiggs]
we have recommended the putting a new re-
striction in the bill; and I can see no reason
why any gentleman should oppose its passage
in the form in which it now comes before the
House.
Mr. DRIGGS. Before proceeding further,
I would like to know just how this matter
stands. 1 took the floor by the consent of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to re
port this bill, and it now would seem that I am
not entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Driggs] that
the Chair is not himself very certain who has
the floor. The gentleman from Michigan
asked the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] to yield to him to report a bill from the
Committee on the Public Lands. The gentle-
man from Indiana said he would do so, reserving
to himself the right to object after the bill and
proposed amendments had been read. When
they had been read the gentleman from In-
diana said he would still reserve his right to
object until certain amendments proposed by
members had been read. After those amend-
ments had been read the gentleman said he
would waive his objection if the amendments
were submitted to a vote of the House.
The Chair thinks this has been a continuing
right to object. If the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] should now resume his seat
without making further objection the bill would
be before the -House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield to tlie gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to say
a single word in reply to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Hopkins.] He says my
amendment cannot be made applicable to this
railroad company, for the reason that the grant
has already been made to them. In reply to
that suggestion, I wish to say that this bill
proposes to relieve this railroad company from
a forfeiture of the lands which "have been
granted to the company. Now, sir, we can
make it a condition of relieving this company
from the forfeiture that the company shall be
required to sell the lands upon any terms and
at any price which we may prescribe.
Mr HOPKINS. Let me say to the gentle-
man right here that the lands have never been
forfeited. „ , / 
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The object of
this bill is to relieve the company from a for-
feiture, and we can annex as a condition of
that relief the requirement that the company
shall sell these lands upon any terms we may
prescribe.
Mr. HOPKINS. But it is not a question
of forfeiture. These lands .have never been
forfeited.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The time has
not expired ; but it will expire before this com-
pany can complete the road; the forfeiture
will occur in the future unless we pass this bill.
The object of the bill is to relieve the company
from the forfeiture. Now, sir, we can make it
a condition of the relief that the company shall
sell these lands at any price we prescribe.
The gentleman says he is in favor of the gen-
eral principle involved in the amendment I
have submitted. If that be so, then I hope he
wilt aid us in carrying this amendment.
Mr. HOPKINS. 1 would do so if it were
in our power to impose such a requirement;
but it is not. This question was thoroughly
considered in committee, and we decided that
under the circumstances Congress has not the
power to impose such a requirement.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. But, Mr.
Speaker, I think I am showing that we can
annex this as a condition upon which we will
relieve the company from the forfeiture. I
know, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DRIGGS. If I am entitled to the floor,
I call the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I believe I
have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] is entitled to the floor, he
having continued to claim his right to it. He
has yielded to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. DRIGGS. I hope that in fairness to
me, if I am to have no \oice in the control of
this measure, I may be allowed to withdraw it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will make no objection
to the consideration of this bill; but I hope
that the previous question will not be sustained,
and that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Law-
rence] will be allowed an opportunity to sub-
mit his amendment. The soundness of the
proposition as a general principle is not ques-
tioned.
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the
House, and the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Driggs] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will simply say that these
lands are not agricultural lands, and will not
be taken up for many years to come, I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; there
being—ayes 64, noes 34.
The main question was ordered, which was
first upon agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Public Lands to the
amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to ^reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES ROOK.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill (H. li. No. 1070) for the relief
of James Rook, of Saginaw, in the State of
