4508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
THE INCEPTION OP MB. JOHXSON'S ADMINISTRATION.
The war closed soon after his Administration
began. This threw upon his liands the labor
of providing for the care and interests of ten
States. They had been a part of the nation,
and the war closed by the vindication of the
nation's right to this part of her people and
territory. To do the greatest possible good to
the inhabitants of these States was at once to
protect the interest of the Government and to
exccute its mission there. The Executive saw
that no people could be happy or prosperous
without the protection of law administered
through a regularly organized civil government.
To continue the military governmentover those
provinces or States was contrary to the genius
of our free institutions. Through the advice
and by the approval of his Cabinet and the
leading military men in the field he undertook
the work of establishing State governments.
These governments were organized during the
recess of Congress.
It soou became evident to the party that had
been instrumental in prosecuting the rebellion
that these organizations would restore the rebel
party in the South to power and this would
reestablish the rule of those who had been
unfriendly to the war. It would leave the
freedinen in the power of their former masters
whom they had aided to defeat in their cherished
and desperate effort for independence.
The result of this action of the Executive
was regarded by the Republicans as an aban-
donment of the men who had as a race re-
mained true to the Union in its sublime effort
for its integrity and its life. The duty of the
nation to protect its friends was imperative.
These are some ot the considerations that
brought out a policy antagonistic to the policy
of the Executive, which, in process of time,
assumed a definite form and was denominated
the congressional policy. The policy of the
President rested upon the ideas of the past,
and soughtno changes in his well-defined polit-
ical ideas save the one rendered inevitable by
theprogressof the war, theabolition of slavery.
The emancipated man gained only freedom
from slavery. He obtained no status in the
nation. He was but a fugitive and a wanderer
upon the earth.
The opponents of this system, rising above
the prejudices of race and the fetters of the
past, and under the inspirations of a more glo-
rious and diviner faith, based their policy upon
the capacities, rights, and duties of man.
They introduced the emancipated race into the
great national family and proclaimed him a
citizen of the .Republic. This was the decla-
ration of the first article of the civil rights bill,
a declaration destined to become immortal in
our history and in the history of mankind, 10
take place with the first great principle an-
nounced in the Jeffersonian declaration. In
that declaration is contained all that is valua-
ble in the congressional policy. The enfran-
chisement of the colored man is but a logical
sequence of citizenizing him, and both follow
inevitably from the declaration that he is a
man.
It must, in view of the events and teachings
of history, be conceded that no such ideas
could make their way to universal dominion
without a struggle and without seriously alarm-
ing the great body of the ruling class among
which this reform was introduced. The minds
that were wedded to the past and trusted alone
to a basis ol experience firmly erystahzed
opposed the introduction of an element that
must upturn the firm earth on which they stood
and on which their fathers had stood before
them. A bitter contest was inevitable over
the inception of a new era. In this, as in all
past instances, passion was evoked to the aid
of principle. Each party put forth its utmost
efforts in the achievement of its object. The
conflict has thus far been bitter and personal.
The most fearful passions, ambition, glory,
success, self-defense, took possession of the
combatants. Men ceased to reason and to
trust to the divine power of thought. The
bounds of propriety were passed by each.
False and unmeaning accusations were freely
hurled from side to side.
EFFORT TO IMPEACH.
It was in this severe contest that the Presi-
dent was assailed in the House of Represent-
atives and an effort made to impeach him,
which failed by a large majority. 'Up to this
period I did suppose that the conduct of the
President in reorganizing the seceded States
was impeachable, and do believe that generally
this effort to impeach proceeded from honorable
motives. This general and vague opinion was
formed without a careful application of the rela-
tion of the facts to the law. It was influenced,
I do not doubt, by the dangers to which I saw
the Union men and freedmen of the South
exposed. The condition of these parties was
fearfully misrepresented by selfish and aban-
doned men who sought place at any sacrifice.
Upon closer examination of the case, after the
vote of the House on the first effort to impeach,
I saw very clearly that if the President was
impeachable all his Cabinet and General Grant
wore liable to the same charge.
It is now apparent to all who have investi-
gated this question that the President was sus-
tained in his action by all the members of his
Cabinet. Indeed, what is called the Johnson,
policy was the policy of his predecessor in all
its essential elements. It is perhaps more
strictly true that it was the policy of the Sec-
retary of War, who prepared the first draft
of the plan for the organization of North
Carolina. He presented the plan to the Pres-
ident before Mr. Johnson acceded to the Pres-
idency.
It may be said that these governments were
to be provisional only, and that they were only
so intended. That does not alter the case, for
they became permanent upon the recognition
of Congress. If Congress has the power to pro-
pose an organization for these States it has the
power to. adopt the organizations of the Presi-
dent under the plan of Secretary Stanton. If
Congress could make its own acts of recon-
struction valid it could have made that of the
Executive valid.
MY OWX VIEW OF TIIU SITUATION.
A large part of the American people believed
that the action of the President was unauthor-
ized by the Constitution and laws. It must be
admitted that the House of Representatives,
in their action, did not regard his course with-
out the sanction of law. When the impeach-
ment failed I did .suppose there would be an
end of this movement. Undertaken by many
true and earnest men, as well as by men
prompted by ambition, it was checked by the
same character of men. A careful review of
the ease will convince any unbiased man that
there were no grounds for such an action. At
all events the purposes of those friendly to im-
peachment should have been accomplished by
the judgment of the House. It was unques-
tionably the judgment of the country. But the
efforts of some were not abated and their designs
were not changed. Defeat in the first instance
only stimulated to watchfulness and whetted
their intentions and passions. The visions of
future power, the control of the Government
and its ample patronage, was not the least con-
sideration that influenced the leaders in the
second effort, It is not now the time to char-
acterize the motives and conduct of those men.
They were neither numerous nor marked for
their prudence, wisdom, moderation, or disin-
terested patriotism. They were, for the most
part, mere politicians, thrown to the surface
through the disjointed times, whose interests
could best be served by keeping alive the em-
bers of the departing revolution. The great
body of the party had no desire, indeed, no
cause for vindictiveness and malice. The few
were more persistent, ambitious, and determ-
ined. These passions worked their -way, and
finally inaugurated a revolutionary movement
that was cheeked only by the firmness and
patriotism of the Senate.
THE TWO FOUCII-.S.
While the friends of progress and reform
were aroused to great anxiety lest this oppor-
tunity should fail in establishing their ^ideas,
by the persistency and firm will of the Execu-
tive it became manifest that it was through
that very antagonism that success was attain-
able. A calm view of the question, and the
causes by which reforms are brought about in
society will satisfy any person at all con versant
with history that no advance is attainable with-^
out strong opposition ) and the strength of that
opposition must be in direct, proportion to the
advance demanded. So in this case the suc-
cess of the reform was due more to the Execu-
tive than to any one person. He did not so
intend. He earnestly and firmly and honestly
maintained the opposite view. I do not say
that those who opposed the principle of polit-
ical equality were absolutely so, but they sought
to maintain the present state of the institutions
and to advance through them to a higher.
They would leave the question of the political
equality of all races to the judgment and lib-
erality of one. This would have left the stead-
fast loyalist to the mercy of the enemy of the
Government. I became reconciled to the op-
position of the Executive as I became satisfied
that by no other means could Congress have
been pressed forward to complete this great
work. I believed that Congress had, under
the circumstances, the right and power to con-
summate the gieat work of political equality
in the States-.
THIi INFLUENCE AT WOKK.
Early in this session, and before the vote was
taken in the House of Representatives, I be-
came satisfied that there was more of sectional
prejudice and political ambition in the minds
of the leading impeaehers than of patriotism.
The former passion was seized upon to pro-
duce the main object of these parties. I will
not say that I did read all that passed before
me correctly, but I do say that the course pur-
sued by many and the sentiments advanced by
ona of the leading Senators, and this course,
followed by others on the questions touching
southern men, convinced me that there was a
deep-seated and unreasonable prejudice against
all southern men. That so long as men from
" former slave States " acted for them and in
their interests they might be tolerated, never
trusted; but the moment they assumed any
independence they were to be destroyed if pos-
sible. Now, I do not mean to say that they
were to be murdered. No such a humane idea
ever intruded itself upon them. Their victims
were not to be put away to lest in peace for-
ever, but in their vain arrogance, in their in-
flated vanity, they assumed the almighty power
of the destroyer, and determined to make
them the outcasts of earth, the wandering
vagabonds despised and scorned of all men.
It was to be a moral assassination continued
through all time for their perpetual gratifica-
tion. Compared with this vain, wicked pre-
tension the murderer Booth is an angel of
mercy. Of this class of men, to the honor of
the human race be it said, there are but few,
but these few had grown into commanding
power. They had infused the poison of their
own hreasts into the minds of many good men
and many bad ones too.
I am aware from personal observation that
many honest and earnest people desired the
impeachment of the President because thoy
believed he had actually become a rebel in
sympathy and conduct; that he intended to
inaugurate the success of the rebellion they
had done so much to overthrow. No wonder
they were jealous of the cause in which they
had spent so much blood and treasure. The
first-born slain in every household was an ar-
gument that would not down at their bidding
it they even desired it. They had poured out
the blood and treasures of the nation like
water to extinguish forever the institution of
slavery, and to establish everywhere liberty
and political equality. In the beginning they
did not see through the whole problem. Still
this was the result that an all-wise Providence
was all the while bringing about, and which,
though late, they began to believe.
