1436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
can sit majestically on his military throne and
look down upon a desolated land, upon a heart-
crushed people, smile at the ruin he has
■wrought, claim the desolated land as his own,
and its inhabitants as his slaves.
What security have you that such will not
be the case? Do you suppose him to be wiser
and better than the military despots who have
preceded him? Is he insensible to ambition?
What position of power has he ever declined?
Does he not even now cause it to be known
that he favors the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress, when the one last proposed clothes him
with absolute power over ten million people
and over an extent of territory greater than
that of most of" the empires on earth ? The fact
that he is willing to accept this vast power at
your hands is the best evidence that he is un-
worthy to wield it. I do not wish to make any
attack upon the General of the Army. I do
not wish to do him injustice. 1 doubt not that
during the late war he did what he believed to
be his duty. Upon the surrender of the forces
opposed to him he displayed a commendable
magnanimity. Let him wear unsullied the
laurels which can adorn the brow of the con-
quering hero in a civil war. But he is a man.
The rule over an empire had not then dazzled
his vision or tempted his ambition. He is
supposed to know the history of an Alexander,
a Cassar, and a Napoleon. May he not imitate
their example? Military power has been the
agency employed in all ages of the world for
the destruction of constitutional governments
and for the crushing out of the liberties of the
people. Go read in the fate of Greece what
may be your own. Her orators were greater,
her statesmen as wise, and her citizens as de-
voted to liberty as your own. Where is she
to-day? Gone; numbered among the States
that have been, that are not, and that are never
again to be.
"Ho who hath bent him o'or the dead,
Ere the first day of death is fled—
The first dark day of nothingness,
The last of danger and distress;
Before decay's effacing lingers
Have swept the lines where beauty lingers.
Such is the aspect of tins shore;
'Tis Greece, but living Greece no more;
So coldly sweet, so deadly fair,
We start, for soul is wanting there.
Shrine of the mighty, can it bo
That this is all remains of thee?"
The republic of Rome planted her victorious
banners upon the Euphrates and on the Thames,
on the Danube and on the walls of Carthage.
Her capital contained three million people.
Her domain was more extensive and her power
greater than that of any empire that has ever
existed in Europe. Iu learning, in art,'and
science she far surpassed you. ller victorious
legions were invincible by sea and land. How
are the mighty fallen. Her proud capital is
in ruins, her domain has been parceled out
among her conquerors. Her existence as a
nation is blotted out. Her military chieftains
subverted the liberties of her people, and she,
once the conquering nation of the world, be-
came the easy conquest of vile barbarians.
History is written for our instruction. Her
pathway is illuminated by examples which sup-
ply us with warning. Happy are that people
who heed that instruction and profit by those
examples.
The second ground of authority in Congress
to pass this act and the series of measures of
which it is one is our nationality. The force
of this proposition, I confess, I am unable to
appreciate or its meaning clearly to discern,
even when aided by the supposed luminous
expositions it has received iu this debate. But,
sir, although the meaning of the proposition
may nptbe apparent to others, I have no doubt
it has been explained during this debate, if the
exposition could only be understood, for those
who have favored us with it well know—-
" What's what, and that as high
As metaphysic wit can fly. Doubtless
They are in logic great critics,
Profoundly skilled in analytics;
They can distinguish and divide
A hair 'twixt south and southwest side."
The argument, if it means anything, means
this: that the United States are one of the
nations of the world. That it is a right in-
herent in every nation to do just what it pleases
in respect to its own territory and people, and
that the United States possess this right as
fully as other nations. I am stating the effects,
the consequences, of the proposition, not the
terms, perhaps, used by others in its support.
What is nationality? Webster defines it thus:
First. The quality of being national or strongly
attached to one's own nation. Second. The
sum of the qualities which distinguish a nation ;
national character. Third. A race or people
as determined by common language and char-
acter, and not by political bias or divisions;
nation. National he defines: .First. Pertain-
ing to a nation; common to a whole people or
race; public; general; as a national language,
dress, custom, calamity, and the like. Sec-
ond. Attached especially to one's own coun-
try ; devoted to the nation as distinguished
from other nations, or from parts or sections
of the country; bigoted, as too national to be
fair or impartial. Nation from the Latin ncUio,
from nasci, natus, to be born. First. The body
of inhabitants of a country, united under the
same Government; a people as distinguished
from those of different descent, language, or
institutions; race,stock. "Anationistheunity
of the people." (Coleridge.)
A nation may also be defined as a separate
and distinct people, living and united under
one government, governed by no laws and
subject to no political and civil authority, ex-
cept that of the common government, and this,
perhaps, is the best definition of it. The power
and authority of a nation depend upon its
organic law or constitution and the laws made
in pursuance thereof. The United States may
be considered iu one sense a nation. They
possess a Government and have laws distinct
from other peoples or nations. The people
of the several States, by their ratification of
the Constitution, conferred upon or clothed
the Federal Government established by it with
certain powers relating principally to peace,
war, negotiation, commerce, and taxation. In
respect to foreign nations the United States
may be considered a nation, because the States
united act in respect to foreign Powers through
their Federal Government, to which they have
delegated the authority so to act. But in re-
spect to the States themselves and their people
respectively the United States are afederation,
a federal or confederated Government. In
the Convention which framed the Constitution
propositions to form a national Government,
with a national executive, a national legisla-
ture, and a national judiciary, were distinctly
made, voted down, or wholly abandoned.
This is Icfiown to be true by every one
familiar with the debates and proceedings of
that convention. By the ratification of the
Constitution by the States, a Federal Republic,
not a nation was established. The Govern-
ment created by that Constitution was in its
origin and the extent of its powers Federal,
not national, although the operation of those
powers in respect to foreign nations may per-
haps be considered analogous to those exer-
cised by national Governments. The framers
of the Constitution must be considered to know
the character of their work. What have they
said in reference to its character. Mr. Madi-
son (Federalist, No. 39) says;
" The idea of a national Government involves in it
not only an authority over the individual citizen, but
an indefinite supremacy o ver all persons and tb ings so
far as flicy aieobjects of lawful government. Among
a people consolidated into one nation this supremacy
is completely vested 111 the national Legislature.
Among communities united for particular purposes
it is vested partly 111 the general and partly in the
municipal Legislatures. In the former case, all local
authorities are subordinate to thcsupreuie, and may
be controlled, directed, or abolished by it iit pleas-
ure. Tn the latter the local or municipal authorities
form distinct and independent poitious of the su-
premacy, no more subject within their respective
spheres to the general authority than the general
authority is subject to them within its own sphere.
In this relation, then, the proposed Government, can-
not be deemed a national one, since its jurisdiction
ex tends to certain enumerated objects only and leaves
to the several States a residuary and inviolablo sov-
ereignty over all other objects."
This opinion being so different from that
entertained by the majority of this body, as evi-
denced by their votes and speeches, I strongly-
suspect that if Mr. Madison were now living he
would be regarded as disloyal, even as a cop-
perhead. Again, says Mr. Madison :
"On examining the first relation (the foundation
on which the Constitution was founded) it appears
on one hand that the Constitution is to be founded on
the assent and ratification of the people of America
given by deputies elected for the speSial purpose;
but on the other that thi3 assent and ratification
is to be given by the people, not as individuals com-
posing one 6ntire nation, but as composing the dis-
tinct and independent State to which they respect-
ively belong. It is to be the assent and ratification
of the several States derived from the supreme au-
thority in each State—tho authority of the people
themselves. The act, therefore, establishing the Con-
stitution will not be a national, but a Federal act:"
The Federal character of the Constitution is
also evidenced by the authority necessary to its
ratification. That ratification was to be deter-
mined, and was determined, not by—
"The decision of a majority of the people of the
Union, nor from that of a majority of the States, but
from the unanimous assent ot the several States that
are parties to it." " Each State in ratifying the Con-
stitution is considered as a sovereign body, independ-
ent of all others, and only to be bound by its own
voluntary act. In this relation, then, the new Con-
stitution will, if established, be a Federal and not a
national Constitution."
I will not multiply authorities. The United
States under the Constitution are a Federal
Republic. Its powers, duties, and authority
are derived from and limited by the Constitu-
tion. It can exercise no power and authority
other than thus derived. It has no inherent
or original powers. These are all delegated.
In the scope and in the exercise of those dele-
gated powers it is sovereign, and to such ex-
ercise thepeople of all the States owe obedience.
To this extent they owe it allegiance. Those
making war upon the United States, adhering
to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort,
while the United States are in the discharge of
their conslilutioualpowers andduties, are guiltv
of treason. .
I assert, Mr. President, that the States are
also sovereign in all things over which they
have not surrendered their sovereignty. While
the United States are sovereign over matters
and to the extent of their delegated authority,
the States are sovereign over all matters not
delegated by them to the United States and to
the extent oftheir reserved rights. Allegiance
is due to the States to such extent, and making
war against a State, adhering to its enemies, giv-
ing them aid and comfort, while the State is in
the exorcise of its constitutional authority or
the en joyment or defense of its reserved rights,
is treason against the State. There is no dif-
ference in the nature or character of the sov-
ereignty of each, or of the allegiance due to
each. Speaking of the fear of some that the
Representatives of the people under the Fed-
eral Government might invade the rights of the
States, Mr. Hamilton says :
If the Representatives of the people betray their
constituents there is no resource left but in the exer-
tion ox that original right of self-defenso which is
paramount to all positive forms of government
l-cdeiulwt, 38.
Again he says:
; , the/edcrai Government should overpass the
just bounds of its authority and make a tyrannical
use of its powers, the people, whoso creature it is
must appeal to the standard they have formed and
take such measures to redress the injury done to the
dence justify "S oxlSency may suggest and pru-
Sir, our fathers were jealous of the sov-
ereignty of their States, and cherished with
patriotic devotion their Slate rights. It is pop-
ular now with the party in power to inveigh
against these, of which the fathers were so
justly proud. Are the State governments
sovereign as I have stated and to the extent I
have stated? Says Mr. Hamilton, Federalist,
INo. 31:
"The State governments by their original consti-
tutions are invested with complete sovereignty."
Again, in No. 32, he says:
r, ias pIan of t'?0, convention aims only at
apaitial union or consolidation, the State govern-
ments would clearly retain all the rights of sover-
eignty which they before had and which were not by
