1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
has occasioned this diversion of the western coffee j!
supply from its "natural and cheaply traversed high- ;
way ?" Wo answer, in part of the obstructions of
the Balize, and in part the subsidy of $150,000 per
annum given by Congress to support a steam line
between Now York and Rio Janeiro. To the intent
then thatthc removal of obstruction^ from the mouth
of the river will enablo the Northwest to import its
coffee on better terms than .at present that seetionis
interested in the work.
THE SHIPPING INTEREST.
It will not be proper to confine the importance of
removing these obstructions to the interests already
referred to. The shipping of New England once car-
ried the crops of the South and the products of the
Northwest. The tonnage of the port of New Orleans
has declined greatly, and it is to be regretted that
the shipping interests of the United States has been
diminished somewhat in the same proportion, but
the owners of shipping are interested in having ac-
cess to as many ports as possible. They suffer greatly ,
from theobstructions, which sometimes detain whole
trade fleets at the Bahzc. Your memorialists cer-
tainly hope that the representatives of the commer-
cial i'orts of the southern Atlantic will aid their
application with their votes. To enable you to ap-
preciate, however, the present importance of this
port, they add the estimate of the same authority
lieretolore cited. General McAllister says:
" On this point the following statement of the
number and tonnage of vessels entering the port of
New Orleans through the mouth of the Mississippi i
river during the last fiscal year is respecttully sub- i
mitted, with the remark that the number and ton- lj
nage stated will, without doubt, bo greatly exceedod j!
by those of succeeding years, for the reasons above l!
stated. I!
Number of American vessels from foreign ports, 159, 'J
tonnage  74,11(3 1
Number of American eoastwiso vessels, 1,561,
tonnage  892,459 !
Number of foreign vessels, 482, tonnage  156,565
Total number of vessels, 2,20-.
Total amount of tonnage 1,123,140
This is certainly an interest of sufficient consequence
to New York and Boston to justify their representn-
tives in opening additional harbors for its employ-
ment.
THE PACIFIC TRADE.
The opening of the Mississippi has assumed anew
yet analogous cansequenco since tbe development of
the Pacific trade witli the UnitedStates. In addition
to the values passing between our eastern ports and
Asia by the open sea we may add that oi California,
estimated last year at more than six million dollars,
and that by way of the Isthmus ot Panama. There
are twenty-two steamers per month which arrive at
and leave Panama for different parts of the world.
Ono hundred and titty thousand tons of freight an-
nually make the transit botweeu the two oceans, while
fifty millions of bullion also pass the isthmus. The
trade is increasing enormously, and will soon be so
great that a double track railroad will not be suffi-
cient to do the business.
Tho fabulous productions of the Indies, the teas
and tissues of China and Japan, are now to bo con-
ducted by American enterprise. The Northwest
demands its share of this trade. It must supply and
be supplied on the same terms with the most favored
part of the Republic. This Asiatic commerce must
traverse an ocean more than three times the width
of tho Atlantic. Shall it then be delivered to the
Nor'hwest by the monopoly of a single railroad?
Having had the experience narrated in this memorial
in regard to the eastern trade, shall the Northwest
encounter the same as to the western trade? The
reasoning employed to open the river on national
account as a guarantee against exactions in the
European trade applies with the same force with re-
gard to the A.-iatic trade. In this inevitable compe-
tition with Europe the United States must prepare
to remove tho obstacles which the European Govern-
ments have expended so much to avoid-
ISTHMCS OF SUEZ
The Emperor Napoleon has procured from the
Government of Egypt ttie exclusive right to connect
the waters of the Mediterranean and Red sea by a
ship-canal. Already have the contractors marked
ana completed a pioneer work which allows tho
passage of light craft. This has involved immense
expenditure, and such is the momentous character
of the enterprise that no amount will be spared until
the commercial marine and the navies of the world
shall be conveyed by a route so short and safe as to
supersede the stormy capes and dangerous coasts of
Africa. England has made every effort to secure the
control of, or even a participation in, this way to her
Indian empire, but her great rival holds the key,
and it may not bo wrested from her. Not impossibly
the possession of this pathway and its fortifications
may determine not merely the mastery of the com-
mercial position, but the ownership of the Indian
empire.
ISTHMUS OF CENTRAL AMERICA.
The United States has a similar problem. The nav-
igation of tho Pacific ocean around Cape Horn in-
volves a great distance and danger. New Granada
conceded to an American company the right to con-
struct an inter-oceanic railway, but the Governtnent
of the United States, with an inexplicable generosity,
insisted on admitting all other nations to a copro-
tectorate and copartnership in the use of this way.
Tho franchise will soon expire, and New Granada
offers it again for sale at a price greatly enhanced by
private enterprise of international protection. The
American people, and especially those of the North-
west, have a right to ask whether the Federal Gov-
ernment proposes to continue the coprotectorate
policy. Is Darien to be opened for universal use by
American capital? Shall Nicaragua, Cbiriqui, and
Tehuantepcc bo Iree to the use of all nations on sim-
ilar terms, while an American vessel raii't pay tho
tribute and comply with t he terms imposed by France
for tho passage at Suez? The people of the Unit<d
States will not be contcnt to sec their productions
restricted in tho European markets while every
Power in Europe passes our doors on their way to and
from the most profitable field of American commerce.
The Northwest now desires to share in the.tropical
and citra-tropical trade. It desires a share of the
Asiatic trado. To receivo its fair proportion of these
it will require: 1. The removal of all obstructions to
the Mississippi navigation. 2. Tho free and exclusivo
use of the Isthmian transit. With these facilities, the
provisions and precious metals of Iowa and Mon-
tana, and tho manufactures of Cincinnati and St.
Louis, may bo exchanged against the tropical prod-
ucts of Asia and America.
FEDERAL AID TO STEAM LINES.
The practice of developing foreign trade by grant-
ing public subsidies to steam lines has been intro-
duced by England and copied by the European Pow-
ers and by the United States. Great Britain owes
her retention of the West India and Mexican trado
entirely to the regularity with which her communi-
cations are kopt up by the British West India stoain-
packct lines, sustained at a cost to tho Government
of more than a million dollars annually. TbeCunard
line, subsidized to the amount of nearly seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars per annum, has super-
seded the Amcriciin steam lino to Liverpool because
the United States has withdrawn its allowance to the
Collins line. Francohns organized thogcneralTrans-
Atlautic Steamship Company under an outfit loan
of ,$5,000,000. and a heavy annuity in addition. The
United States has agreed to pay the mnil-packets
between New York and Itio Janeiro 8150,000 for
twelve round trips per annum, the Government of
Brazil stipulating payment of an equal sum on the
same terms. Congress has given to California a con-
tract bv which her Pacifio Mail Steamship Company
receives 8500,000 per annum for twelve round trips be-
tween San Francisco and China. Besides, tho steam
lines between New York and San Francisco by way of
Panama rcccivc largo mail pay and liberal compcn- j
sation for the transportation of men, munitions, and :
otherarticlesoftheUovernmcnt. Thereisaproposal j
before Congress that it shall indorse the bonds of the 1
Commercial Navigation Company of New York for
S3,000,01X1, with a grant of all postage to accrue from
certain transatlantic lines proposed to be operated
by that company. It must not be forgotten that the
Government enhances the value of its residuary
domain and increases its military strength and tax-
able values by granting lands and a subsidy of about
sixteen thousand dollars per mile to the Pacific Rail-
road Company.
It is in no spirit of discontent that your memorial-
ists ask what manifestation is there in the action of
tho Federal Government to sccuro tho commcrco of
the countries lying around the Gulf of Mexico and
tho Spanish main. In what has Congress shown its
appreciation of this vast natural market for western
products, and of this great source of western supplies?
If the Government would subsidize alino of steamers
aeross the Gulf to connect the river trade at New
Orleans with tho foreign ports referred to, and espe-
cially with the Pacific trado at the Isthmian crossings,
the Northwest would derive such advantages of im-
ports and exports as would redound to the immediate
and immense advantage of the Federal Troasury.
Your memorialists, therefore, respectfully offer a
recapitulation and summary of those demands in
which the city of New Orleans, as tho mart and me-
tropolis of the South, unites with the great West and
Northwest in presenting for your consideration.
They respectfully request that tho accompanying
bills may be reported lor discussion and adoption:
1. A bill appropriating tho sum of million dol-
lars to bo applied to ascertaining and executing the
best mode of deepening one or more outlets of tho
Mississippi river, so as to insure at all times tho
passage of the largest vessels required by American
commerce.
2. A bill making adequate appropriations to re-
move all obstructions to the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi, Missouri, and Ohio rivers, to such points as
may be deemed of national importance.
3. A bill to restore the broken levees along the
Mississippi river, by giving the endorsement of the
Federal Government upon the bond of the State of
Louisiana to an amount not exceeding million
dollars, upon such terms of interest, maturity, and
liquidation as Congress may see proper. The appro-
priations to be applied and expended under the
direction of the Federal Government.
4. Joint resolutions impressing upon tho Executive
the propriety of negotiating treaties for the right of
cxclusivo and free way by ono or more routes for the 1
Government and people of the United States across ;
the Isthmus of Central America. j
5. A national appropriation for the construction of
one or more canals or railways aeross the Isthmus, to
be open to the use of American citizens on just and
equitable terms.
6. The negotiation of such reciprocating and other
conventions with the American States and nations
as may give to the citizens of the United States the
right to exchange their productions against those of
such other nations without the impediment of reve-
nue and commercial regulations which now embar-
rass and to a great extent prevent it.
ALFRED MOULTON, Prtrident.
A. C. WaUGH, Secretary.
reduction OS the currency.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report back
House bill No. 147, for the further reduction
of the currency, and several otiier joint reso-
lutions and bills on that subject, and to move
that the committee be discharged from their
further consideration and they be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now desire to report a
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
when the Committee of Ways and Means is
regularly ealled they will be entitled to another
morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I only ask to report a
bill upon this same subject to be recommitted
and printed. It is a bill to suspend further
reduction of the currency. I give notice that
I will call it up at the earliest day possible—to-
morrow or soon after.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be printed and recommitted to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
reconstruction.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
front, introduced a bill to lacilitate the res-
toration of the late rebel States, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
time or electing representatives.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
• sent, also introduced a bill to fix the time for
the election of Representatives and Delegates
to the Congress of the United States, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Elections.
acting assessors and collectors.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Jienolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into tho expediency of so
amending tho law on that subject as to give to assist-
ant assessors and collectors of internal rcvenuo re-
spectively during the timo they shall perform tho
duties of acting assessors and collcctors in distiicts
in which theroaro no assessors and collcctors by rea-
son oldcath,resignation, removal,or other cause, the
same compensation that is now by law paid to a?ses.--
ors and collectors respectively, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
steamboat inspection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Hcnolvcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this IIouso the items
of expenditure for salaries of supervising and local
inspectors under the act of tho 30th of August, 1862,
for the better protection of lives of passengers on
vessels propelled in whole or part by steam ; and also
the amount of fees collected and paid in under tho
various provisions of law in regard to tho subject;
and whotherany prosecutions were instituted aaainst
any persons oonncctcd with the steamboat "Commo-
dore" for alleged violations of law, and if not, tho
reasons why such prosecutions were not instituted,
pensions.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill allowing pensions to soldiers or
the widows of soldiers of the war of 1812;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and the War of 1812.
james c. hewett and others.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide bounty tor James C.
Hewett and six others, members of company F
thirty-fifth New York volunteers; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
personal explanation.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
leave will be granted.
There was no objection.
Mr. WINDOM. As the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] to whom my re-
marks will bare reference is not now in his
