1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1437
that act exclusively delegated to the United States.
This exclusive delegation, or rather this alienation of
sovereignty, would only exist in three eases: where
the Constitution in express terms granted an exclu-
sive authority to the Union; where it granted in one
instance an authority to the Union and in another
prohibited the States from exercising the like au-
thority; and where it granted an authority to the
Union to which a similar authority in the States
would be absolutely and totally contradictory and
repugnant."
Mr. President, .some persons seem to sup-
pose that the States, having abandoned the
Articles of Confederation and ratified the Con-
stitution, thereby created a government of
vastly greater and different powers, one greater
nationality, as it has been called in the de-
bate, of unlimited powers. To such I would
commend the opinion of Mr. Madison. In the
forty-fifth number of the Federalist he says:
"If the new Constitution ho examined with accu-
racy and candor it will be found that the change
which it proposes consists much less in the addition
of new powers to the Union than in the invigoration
of its original powers."
Can treason be committed against a State ?
Who doubts it? I venture to say that treason
against the State is defined in the constitution
of every State in the Union. Trials have been
had in many of them for this offense. If trea-
son can be committed against a State, then
allegiance is due by the citizens to the State,
for treason is nothing but a violation of alle-
giance. Does history, sir, furnish an example
of any consolidated Government orindependent
and absolute nationality where the subject could
be tried and convicted of treason against the
nation, and of treason against any of its parts
as sovereign and independent communities?
None! Away, then, with the boasted omnipo-
tence of your nationality. Cease to deceive
yourselves with the idea that you arc a nation
and have a national Government in the sense
that you are an absolute Power and can ex-
ercise absolute authority. But even if you
are a nation, and have nationality, you can
exercise no power other than that you might
exercise were you a Federal Republic, for the
reason that the Constitution is and would be
the charter and grant and limitation of your
power and authority, whether you be one or
the other. The power is not, conferred upon
Congress or upon the United States to make a
constitution for the people of a State, to deter-
mine who shall make, or the terms and condi-
tions upon which it shall be made; who shall
vote and who shall not vote for or under the
organic law of a State, or to do any other act
and thing in relation to a State other than
those specifically granted in the constitution.
The right to do these things is reserved by the
Constitution to the States respectively, and is
inalienable and cannot be forfeited by insur-
rection or rebellion of any portion of their
people.
The third basis of authority in Congress to
enact this and other reconstruction measures
is the assumed equality of races and men and
the inherent right of the negro race to vote in
the States' and the duty of Congress to recog-
nize and declare it and protect its exercise;
and these assumptions are based on the ex-
pression contained in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence that all men are created equal. Sir,
it was permitted, in the providence of God, to
the serpent to coil itself amid the beautiful
trees of Eden and to whisper in the ear of
unsuspecting innocence the fatal doctrine of
equality—"Take eat of it and your eyes shall
be open, and you shall be like unto the gods,
knowing good and evil." Here, sir, was
the origin of your much-lauded doctrine of
equality. Here, for the first time on earth,
was heard the suggestion the heeding of which
brought "death into the world and all our
woe." This doctrine, sir, is not heaven de-
scended. It sprung from hell; and the mes-
senger who first brought it to earth was the
father of lies. The consequences resulting
from it are in harmony with its origin and
attest its inherent and essential falsity and
wickedness. It is not true on earth; it is not
true in hell; it is not true in heaven. "Go
forth into the open air and list to nature's
teaching."
Tell me, is that little mound from which
feebly issue smoke and flame equal to Vesu-
vius, within whose bowels for centuries have
raged those fires which, breaking forth in
grand and awful eruptions, have laid waste
towns and cities, and filled with consternation
and alarm the inhabitants of the plains below?
Is that little hill which the child so easily as-
cends, in its way to the house where it is to
learn the rudiments of the language which it
feebly lisps, equal to Chimborazo in jts lofty
grandeur or Mont Blanc in its lonely and awful
solitude? Is that little rivulet at your feet
equal to the Father of Waters, which, rising
in the north, sweeps for more than three thou-
sand miles through your territory, bearing on
its bosom a commerce which enriches a conti-
nent? Is that river equal to the mighty ocean
which divides continent from continent and
encircles the globe? Is that tiny evergreen
which adorns your yard, your garden, equal to
the cedars of Lebanon? Is that twig which
grows by the wayside, and scarcely attracts
the notice of the passer-by, equal to the majes-
tic oak which spreads its branches far and
wide, and upon whose topmost boughs the
birds of heaven gaily chirp and sweetly sing?
Is the mousing owl equal to the eagle, which,
rising heavenward, fixes his unflinching gaze
on the meridian sun? Is theTittle ant which
escapes unharmed under your foot equal to
the lion as he roams majestically his native
wilds? Is that miserable being, scarce man,
scarce beast, that feeds on human flesh—the
loathsome cannibal—equal to a Locke, a New-
ton, or a Bacon? And can you believe that
the degraded and ignorant African, who has
never, in the whole course of his existence on
earth, made one useful discovery or materially
improved his native condition, is equal to that
race which has counted the stars, measured
the distances, and told the dimensions of the
planets, instantaneously flashed human thought
around the world, and measurably redeemed
our earth from the blighting curse imposed
upon it in punishment for man's original trans-
gression? Impossible! lleason, experience,
and human observation, all exclaim impossible!
Sir, this doctrine is not true in nature; it is
not true on earth; neither is it true in hell.
"For I say unto you that it shall be more tol-
erable for the men of Sodom and Gomorrah
in that day than for you." It is not true
in heaven. "For as one star differeth from
another star in glory, so, also, shall it be in the
resurrection." And yet, sir, this bill is advo-
cated by some upon this same pernicious and
false doctrine, the absolute equality of men and
races, while its purpose, doubtless, is the pro-
motion of political party supremacy. Sir, in
the same mysterious providence of God, it was
allowed to that same serpent to coil itself amid
the trees of our political Eden and to whisper in
the ear of deluded men the same fatal doc-
trine of equality. Scarcely had the Govern-
ment established by our fathers gone into
operation before self-righteous humanitarians
attempted to disturb the public peace by pre-
ferring their petitions to Congress praying for
the abolition of slavery in the States. The
question then was one of humanity, not politi-
cal in its character. The wise men of that
day refused to consider those petitions on the
express ground that Congress had no constitu-
tional authority in the premises. In 1819,
owing to the nearly equal representation from
the free and slave States, the question assumed
a political character; and it was then that
Rufus King avowed in the Hall of Congress
the sentiment, which nearly forty years after-
ward was plagiarized and appropriated by Mr.
Seward, that neither constitutions nor laws
could give a binding sanction to slavery.
I will not trace the history of anti-slavery
excitement and effort from that day until civil
war, as a consequence, deluged the land in
blood. This, however, I will affirm, that no
party, scarcely any man, was bold enough at
any time to avow the wish or purpose of admit-
ting negroes into the governing class, of cloth-
ing them with the power of making or executing
the laws, or of conferring upon them the right
of suffrage at popular elections. The assump-
tion now is that, having declared them citizens
by act of Congress, they are entitled of right
to the exercise of the elective franchise. I
deny the correctness of this proposition. The
right to vote is not a natural right. It is purely
and simply a political right. The right does
not exist unless conferred by society. Society
has a right to confer or withhold it, and in
determining its action in this respect it is
bound only to consult its own interest and
safety, and of that safety and interest it is the
sole and exclusive judge.
Against all_ theorizing to the contrary I
oppose the uniform and invariable practice of
every people and every nation that have ever
existed where the privilege has to any extent
or in any manner been exercised. Salus
populi est suprema lex. Of that safety that peo-
ple, and that people only, who exercise politi-
cal power by virtue of constitutional or legal
authority as contradistinguished from the mass
of the inhabitants, are the exclusive judges.
Our power over the question of suffrage, how-
ever, must be determined by the provisions of
a written constitution. No one has contended
that the Constitution expressly and by distinct
provision confers upon Congress an authority
to control or regulate suffrage within a State.
This authority by some is claimed to arise in-
ferentially from provisions not expressly relat-
ing to suffrage, among which is that which
declares that the United States shall guaranty
to each State a republican form of govern-
ment. The meaning of this provision has
already been fully considered. It can have
no possible reference to or connection with the
subject under discussion. Says Mr. Madison,
Federalist No. 43:
"But the authority extends liofurthertlian a guar-
antee of arepubJican form of government, which sup-
poses a preexisting government of the form which is
to be guarantied. As lo,ng. therefore, as the exist-
ing republican forms are continued by tho States
they are guarantied by tho Federal Constitution.
Whenever the States may ehooso to substitute other
republican forms they have a right to do so. and to
claim the Federal guarantee for the latter. The only
restriction imposed on them is that they shall not
exchange republican for anti-republican constitu-
tions, a restriction which, it is presumed, will hardly
be considered as a grievance."
Sir, I shall enter into no discussion as to
what does or does not constitute a republican
government. No better definition of a re-
publican government can be given than this :
a government which derives all its powers
directly or indirectly from the body of the peo-
ple who, according to its constitution and laws,
are allowed a participation in political power.
The framers of the Constitution regarded the
States which ratified it as republican in form,
although negroes, Indians, women, all persons
who were under the ago of twenty-one years,
and all who did not pay a tax, and, in some,
all who did not own a freehold estate, were ■
excluded from the privilege of voting.
Senators, be frank. Confess what everybody
knows to be true, that you want an increase of
votes to perpetuate your party in power; that
you believe the negroes will, if allowed to vote,
vote with you; and that if you believed they
would vote against your party you would not
desire to and would not extend to them the
elective franchise. Confess that you know the
administration of the government in the States
would not be improved, but rendered infinitely
worse, by the participation of this ignorant and
degraded racc in the making and execution of
the laws; but that in yonr judgment the exi-
gencies of party demand it, and that the inter-
ests of party far transcend those of the Repub-
lic. It is said that confession is good for the
soul, and you are commanded to confess your
sins. This confession made to the people will
add to your character for frankness, while it
will not detract, in the opinion of a majority
of them, from your reputation for patriotism.
Mr. President, it was my fortune to come
