1868.
THE CON"G-R.ESSIONAJL GLOBE.
348o
Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, MeKee, Merctfr, Moore,
Moorhead.Mullins, Myers,Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomc-
roy,'Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twichell. Upson, Van Aernain, Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ilenry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson. Windom.and the
Speaker—108.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnes, Beck,
Brooks, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz, Golladay,
(Trover, ITaight., Ilolman. Hotchkiss, Humphrey,
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, McCul-
lough, Niblack,Nicholson,Phelps, Pruyn,Robinson,
Sitecreaves, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
and Woodward—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Barnum, Bingham, Boyer, Bromwell,
Burr, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cook,
Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly, Fields, Finney, Fox,Gloss-
brenner. Hill, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Johnson. Kitchen,
Latlin. Loan, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, Miller, Mor-
rell, Morrissey, Mungen, Nunn, Pernam, Peters,
Katidall, Roots, Ross, Selye, Stone, Taffc, John
Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Ilom, Van
Trump, Elihu B. Washburne, Thomas Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—55.
Daring the roll-call,
Mr. GETZ said: On this question my col-
league, Mr. GrLOSSBRENNEitj is paired with
Mr. Cake and Mr. Moiuibll.
The roll-call having been concluded,
The SPEAKER. On the question, Will
the House, on reconsideration, agree to the
passage of the bill to admit the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
Alabama, and Florida to representation in
Congress, notwithstanding the objections of
the President?—the yeas are 108, and the nays
are 31. Two thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative, the bill has again passed the House, and
will be transmitted with the objections of the
President to the Senate for similar reconsider-
ation.
PROTEST OF DEMOCRATIC MEMBE11S.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Utsolved, That twenty thousand copies of the pro-
test ot the Democratic members of the House against
the admission of the Representatives from Arkansas
be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will say fifty thousand copies.
Mr. BUTLER. Agreed ; I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. ROBINSON. Say one hundred thou-
sand.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reception of the resolution as modified, to be
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing?
No objection was made: and the resolution,
as modified, was received and referred under
the law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the committee
will report it back at once, if they can.
TEST OF LIFE-SAVING APPARATUS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received
the following communication, which he will
lay before the House for the information of
members:'
Washington, D. 0., June 25, 1868.
To Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker# the House of Representatives :
Having come here for the sole purpose of giving an
exhibition before the honorable members of Congress
to piove the benefits of the life-saving apparatus of
the National Life-Saving and Ship-ballasting Com-
pany, to take place Friday the 26th instant at six
o'clock p. m,, Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the
United States Navy, has kindly furnished me with a
United States steamer, which will be in readinoss at
the foot of Seventh street wharf to convey such
members of both Houses as wish to participate in
this exhibition.
Trusting to have the honor of proving before your
honorable body the great benefits of this life-saving
apparatus, I have the honor to remain, most rcspect-
fully, your obedient servant^ RosgVALLY_
General agent National Life-Saving and Ship-
b/illaiting Company.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now insist upon the
regular order of business.
The House, under the order heretofore made,
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blaine in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks.
The pending question wa3 upon the motion
of Mr. O'Neill, to strike out the following
section;
Sec. 62. And be it further enacted, That all distilled
spirits in any bonded warehouse shall within one
hundred days after the passage of this act be with-
drawn from such warehouse, and the tax paid onthe
same; and the' casks or packages containing said
spirits shall be marked and stamped and be subject
in all respects to the same requirements as if manu-
factured after the passage of this act. And any dis-
tilled spirits remaining in any bonded warehouse for
a period of more than one hundred days after the
passage of this act shall be forfeited to the United
States.
Mr. O'NEILL. I will withdraw my motion
to strike out this section, and move instead to
strike out all after the enacting clause and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That all distilled spirits in any bonded warehouse
shall, on and after the passage of this act, pay, in
addition to the tax unpaid upon the same, one per
cent, a month upon the amount of the said tax while
remaining in any bonded warehouso as aforesaid.
Mr, SCHENCK. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. Whisky now in bund is
that which has paid no tax. The tax at pres-
ent is two dollars j>er gallon. It has been in
bond for various periods of time; some of it for
but a few months, probably, but some of it for
years, during all of which time the United
States has been playing the part of the ware-
house-keeper for the owner. I have always
thought there ought to have been some limit—
there was none originally made, I suppose—
to the time during which whisky can be left in
bond, because it is generally presumed to be
an article that grows better with age, unlike
some of us here, I suppose. But the proposi-
tion now is to leave it in bond for an indefinite
time, upon the condition that there is paid
upon it what is called a tax, but which in fact
will be storage fees, at the rate of one per cent,
a month. Now, I am afraid the whisky will
leak, by some means or other, just about as
much as the one per cent, would amount to.
Even if it did not leak, I would object to the
United States becoming for an indefinite time
the warehouse-keeper for the owners of this
whisky. The system being now changed, and
the tax reduced from two dollars to fifty cents
per gallon, the Committee ofWays and Means
have thought it but wise to make provision
requiring that within a given time all this
whisky shall be taken out of bond, and the tax
paid upon it; the time being limited to one
hundred days, which is perhaps not too short
a time for the purpose, with the condition that
at the end of that time it should be forfeited.
Mr. KELLEY. I movepro forma to amend
the amendment by striking- out the last word,
for the purpose of saying that if the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. O'NEtLL] does not
prevail I will move to extend the time for the
removal of whisky now in bond from one hun-
dred days, as now proposed, to six months.
There is a special trade connected with
whisky which deserves the consideration of
this House. The general business of raw
whisky for alcohol is one trade, and the man-
ufacture of fine whiskies for the table and gen-
eral use is another. These provisions of this
section aims specially, though undesignedly,
at the latter class of goods. The tax of fifty
cents adds one hundred and fifty per cent, to
the cost of western whisky, and one hundred
per cent, to the cost of that produced in the
eastern States, and if demanded immediately
will absorb the capital that would otherwise
be employed in production. Whisky gains in
quality and value with age. Whisky three,
four, or five years old is another thing than
new whisky as to price in the market. That
carefully distilled from grain, either Bourbon
or Monongahela, is bringing in our market to-
day from seven to twelve dollars a gallon
where its age is well established.
Now, are we ready to declare that no man
not worth millions of dollars who can embark
fifty per cent, of more of his commercial capi-
tal in Government tax shall be able to hold
whiskey for ripening? I am sure no interest of
the country can be subserved by such action as
that. _ There is no reason why a man who may
deposit his whisky one day after this law goes
into effect shall have one year on which to pay
the tax, while another man who deposits it the
day before shall on pain of forfeiture pay his
tax witRin one hundred days. The provision
embodied in this section will compel every man
who has a large stock of fine whisky in bond
who is not a millionaire and able to add to his
investment hundreds of thousands of dollars
by paying the tax to throw his stock upon the
market. This pressure is to be applied all
over the country. It will produce panic. It
will compel the sacrifice of that which has been
adding to the wealth of its owners and the
country by the improvement imparted to it by
the lapse of time during which its owner has
been losing interest and paying the expense
of storage. When the war came on there were
stocks of fine whisky in the country ten or
fifteenyears old which were bringing from five
to seven dollars a gallon. That class of whisky
competed for supremacy among epicures and
bon vicants with French brandy and was begin-
ning to he an article of exportation to England
and Prance. The high tax interrupted the
growth of that export trade. And now by the
provisions of this section all such stock in bond
is to be thrown upon market, and men who are
endeavoring to build up a great trade are to
be sacrificed.
Now, sir, I am not here to ask any special
privileges for distilled spirits that other indus-
tries do not enjoy, and when we make other
industries pay a tax of one hundred and fifty
per cent, upon the cost of production, and
when we require those engaged in them to
embark three fifths of their capital in Govern-
ment taxes, other industries will be upon the
same level with this, and may ask to hold stock
in bond. There is no analogy between this
and any other interest except tobacco, which,
as a luxury, is also heavily taxed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment on the same ground advocated by the
chairman of the committee. It is evident to
every gentleman who has heard the able argu-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania who
preceded me that it must come to this and
nothing more. I give all credit to what he has
said about the quality and value of whisky
being increased by its age. I speak from
theory, and not from practice. I have not
such an experimental knowledge on the sub-
ject as some others. Now, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania desires this whisky to re-
main in bond at the expense of the United
States, while its value is being increased to
the owner. Every one of us is interested in
the revenue that is to accrue from this tax,
and I believe that it ought to be paid promptly
so the Government shall get the benefit of it
in order to as rapidly as possible extinguish
our great national debt. The gentleman's
theory is, however, that it should be kept in
bond as long as possible, at the expense of the
Government, for the benefit of the owners. I
am against it. He reverses the argument. He
says this is for the poor men. It is not so. It
is the rich who hoard up liquor. They keep it
for weeks and months in the bonded warehouses
at the expense of the Government. They have
their liquor locked up and make the Govern-
ment keep it for them. I am opposed to it. I
think it is nothing but class legislation. It is the
bowing of the law to the rich. It is hoarding
up this liquor at the expense of the Govern-
ment. I say let it go upon the market and let
us have the tax upon it. The Government
needs all this tax to pay the public debt, and
it ought to have it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COVODE. My colleague [Mr. Keli.ey]
withdraws his amendment, and I renew it tor
the purpose of giving my views on this subject.
As I stated a few days ago, I live in a district
