54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
seat I ask consent to defer what I wish to say
until he shall come in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the gentleman (rum Minnesota [Mr. U indom]
will be recognized as entitled to the lloor when
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
is in his seat.
There was no objection.
Mr. WINDOM subsequently said: With nearly
nine gears' experience on this floor this is the
first time I have ever risen for the purpose of
personal explanation, and I would not do so
now but for the remarkable exhibition whifch
occurred yesterday afternoon in my absence.
Desiring what I have to say this morning should
be said in the presence of the gentleman to
whom my remarks apply rather than behind
his back, as his were made behind my back
yesterday, 1 have waited until the gentleman
is present. I ask the Clerk to read from the
Daily Globe my remarks of yesterday.
The Clerk read as follows : <
" Mr. Windom. Mr. Speaker, I have no speech to
u:-ke o;i tiji,> question : but 1 hold 111 my hand a cir-
fu' trw.ue'i ffj- rcleired to yesterday by the gentle-
rum iiom O .io i.Mr. ti yrfieldj as having been very
11!• 11•<y emulated thioush the South; and as
i pseiwulai luts some bearing upon the amendment
otTered by the gentleman lYnni New York, [Mr.
Brooks,j and will tend to exhibit the speculation
Wi.k ii has been undertaken oil this subject, I desire
the C'lrt^lo lead it." * * * *
"mi. wixivim. As this contract contemplates the
recovery ol  li ihetax that has been paid or may be
hei\ „n.r [Mid, I think that if any gentlemen want to
en-el' into ttiat copartnership they had better vote
tor til'1 amendment ot' the gentleman t torn Is ew Yoik,
to. that amendment sc rns to be m harmony with
tins project. The friend who has transmitted this
dueumi nt to mo states in his letter that he has from
lat-epai tKs themselves a stateuien t thatt bey already
have tl.e control ol claims amounting to $-0.000,000,
so that this is a veiy handsome speculation."
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, those tire
all the remarks that I made upon the subject
Yesterday, and not one word was changed by
mv-elf Ironi the reporter's notes. I ask the
Clerk to read now ihe remarkable comments j
.made In the gentleman from New York [Mr. !
B ook> J in uiy absence yesterday eveuing. J
i he C'eik read as follows: j
" Now, Mr. Speaker, after these statements, which 1
I have made as brief as po.-sible, 1 am loth, very
lota, to reter to aa insinuation made by the hon-
orable geiuleinan fioin Minnesota [ Mr. Windom]
on this subject, an apparent insinuation that I am 1
toe organ of tradeis and speculators, or, in the j
new \oeabnln'y which hc and another gentleman
upon this tloor use, of 'strikers,' and 'suckers,' and '
' sha. ks,' and ' shysters,' and other sibilant sus-sur- i
rations i laughter] which were poured forth by the 1
honor ibl" gentleman on those who are only trying to
Uo riiht." * * « * * * |
"But the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom]
caused to be read here a contract between certnin
per-ons holding cotton who desire to test the consti-
tutionality ol the tax upon cotton, a peifectly legiti-
mate and legal purposo, but I know not how the
honorab.e gentleman infers that I am in any way
connected with it,or why thatcontr.ier, out of order,
utterly unconnected with this subject, should have
been introduced on the floor of this House in connec-
tion with tiiisdebate, unless it was meant to insinuate
that in offering my amendment I was the organ of
i'hystorV and 'sharks.' and 'strikers,' &c.
' I do not know in what school the honorable gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. ixdom] has beenedu-
cafed. llis position upon the Committee on Indian
Affairs, which olten b'ings him ill connection with
those whom he cleuomiuates shysters, sharks, and .
strikers, may have educated him in all the rascality .
which often surrounds the Ind!an department of the
Government; and there he may have been taught to i
apply to others the education in which he has been
trained himself. Hon i so it qui mal y ptnse. I know .
nothing of any such thing". >
" Nobody has any right to makeanysueh allegations i
nsjunst me. I am the org n of no one and nobody.
I have never be n upon this floor such organ, nnd
lover will be. I stand here not lor my New York
constituency nlone or for the cot ton-plan teis alone; i!
I stand here in favor ot my whole country, our com- i
mop country, for nil parts ot it from Passamaquoddy
to the Rio Grande." ,,
Mr. \\ INDOM. Mr. Speaker, as I have '!
already staled, when these remarks were made ii
by the gentleman from New York I was absent, !
and 1 did notreturn until after he had taken his !,
seat. I went at once to the reporters andasked ]j
toseetbe copy of what he had said, thatlmight \
then reply to it it there was anything to which '!
I took exception. !
1 do not rise to find any special fault with
the gentleman from New York, but, his com-
ments on my remaiks were so especially com-
olimentary aud so very kind in their spirit that
I feel as if I ought to apologize to him, and I
1 rise partly for that purpose. 1 would beg the
House to bear in mind the remarks which have
been read as coming from myself yesterday aud
I will ask where there is any sort of foundation
for any such inference as the gentleman has
taken to himself. I said nothing which could
in the slightest degree have a personal applica-
tion, as 1 believe, to the gentleman from New
York. I certainly intended no such thing and
I was astonished when I found in the Globe
this morning that he had applied them to him-
self.
He accuses me of using language here which
I defy him or any other gentleman to find in
any remarks that I have ever made in this body.
I have never alluded to any members of this
House or to anybody else as "shysters," and
"sharks," and "strikers," and "suckers."
That is not my style, and I cannot imagine
why the gentleman should have been so sen-
sitive upon this point; nor can I imagine why
he should have been so sensitive to a charge
of having connection with the company to
which I referred.
He intimates that my connection with the
Indian committee has so brought me in associa-
tion with rascals that my suspicions—1 believe
that is t he su m and substance ot it—have become
somewhat sharpened. Well, Mr. Speaker,
sharpened as my wits aud suspicions may have
been by watching the rascals by whom I may
have been surrounded, I did not yesterday, at
the particular time that I made my remarks,
suspect that the gentleman had anything to do
witL. this company. And, Mr. Speaker, I will
say further that my experience with rogues
generally, not only about the Indian commit-
tee but elsewhere, is that they are universally
sensitive, and universally incline to make ap-
plication to themselves of general remarks on
the subject of rascality. My experience on the
Indian committee has taught me that much
at least. I know that is the case with Indian
rogues.
1 do not know that it is true with regard to
cotton rogues. I cannot say how that is, but in
Indian matters if you find a man who is pecu-
liarly sensitive watch him, for very likely he
has something to do with jobs and suspicious
[ contracts, and very probably has his hands be-
hind him turned up ready to receive something,
i Now, I make no insinuations against the
gentleman from New York, and I accept none.
1 do riot think he meant to charge me with dis-
honesty; he simply meant, to say that having
had a good deal to do with rogues I am sus-
picions of thein. I accept the compliment
paid me in that regard.
The gentleman says he does not know in
what school [ have been educated. It is easy
to ascertain, from the remarkable language he
u.sues, in what school he has been educated.
He speaks of the language which he ascribes
to myself as being "sibilant sus-surrations,"
whicli means, as I interpret it, "the hissing
whispers of a copperhead." I know in what
school he has been brought up, because no
other man has ever heard so much of that as
he, or knows so well the language which prop-
erly describes it. I apprehend that no other
man in this House ever saw those words be-
fore. I had to look in the dictionary to find
out what they meant. But the gentleman hav-
ing heard the "hissing whispers" of his cop-
perhead constituents for the last four or five
years understands it perfectly.
I will say nothing more upon this subject. I
hope the gentleman will accept my apology.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I would ask permission to
say a few words in reply to what the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. WindomJ has said.
There was no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. 1'he gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Wixdom] may be and undoubtedly is
smart and witty, and if he had said anything j
offensive to me I am so entirely disarmed as i
to be utterly incapable of any anger or feeling 1
on account of it. j
I dare say the gentleman has been educated i
i in a very good school, and if' he is satisfied with
it I am. And upon that subject we will not
enter into any discussion here upon this floor.
What led me to notice at all the remarks of
the gentleman was his introduction here of an
extraordinary contract, or form of contract,
upon the part of certain gentlemen in Georgia,
lawyers, at the head of whom is Herschel V.
Johnson, one of the most distinguished lawyers
of the South. He is a man who, whatever may
have been his political affiliations, as a jurist
occupies the highest position. He proposes
as a lawy.er to test the question of the consti-
tutionality of the cotton tax, through the Court
of Claims, or some other court, in order to
obtain a decision upon that subject, by which
those who had paid the tax would have a legal
right to the refunding of the sum paid, provided
the law was declared to be unconstitutional.
It is a legitimate operation on the part of Mr.
Johnson, or of any other lawyer, at any time to
test the constitutionality of a law.
The language of the gentleman in connection
with that of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Mayxaiid]—who, however, disclaimed any
intention of personality in his remarks, and,
therefore, who entirely disarmed mo from mak-
ing anj reply—the language of the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. \Vixdom] in introducing
the form of contract was—
"As this circular has somebearing upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Now York, [Mr.
Brooks,] and will tend to exhibit the speculation
which has been undertaken on this subject, I desire
the Clerk to read it."
Nov/, I could not see the bearing of it, or
see why the circular was introduced, for I do
not propose to test the constitutionality of the
cotton tax. But I propose the immediate re-
peal of the cotton tax ; .that is all I propose.
hi the course of his remarks the gentleman
went on to say :
"X think that if any gentlemen want to enter into
that copartnership they hud better vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from New York, for
that amendment seems to be in harmony with this
project."
Now, I see no " harmony" at all. There is not
the least "harmony" between testing the con-
stitutionality of the cotton tax and the repeal of
the cotton tax. Hence I could not see why the
gentleman introduced this long contract and
sought to connect it with my amendment.
Mr. W1NDOM. Will the gentleman allow
me, as we have got on so good terms, to explain
in what way I thought the two things were "in
harmony ?"
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. Just before I rose the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxarii] had
remarked that if we should adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York reliev-
ing from tax those who have not paid the tax
on this year's crop of cotton it would afford
ground fora most forcible argument that those
who have paid the tax for this year should have
the money refunded. I claim, Mr. Speaker,
that such an argument would be most reason-
able, and hence 1 hold that the amendment of
the gentleman from New York was strictly in
harmony with the' copartnership to which I
referred. I did not refer to the gentleman as
personally having anything to do with that pro-
ject. I simply meant to say that the tenden-
cies of the amendment were in that direction.
As the gentleman has yielded to me, I desire
while on the floor to read an extract from a
letter oil this subject, written by a gentleman
whom I know to be perfectly reliable. I will
not give the name of my correspondent, be-
cause I apprehend it would be unpleasant to
him; but 1 will read the extract which caused
me to send to the Clerk's desk the contract
read yesterday;
" I have learned from parties who are disinterested
and from one of the partners himself, thathe and his
colleagues in this State already have in their pos-
session over ten millions of these claims, while their
partners and agents in Alabama have upward of
twenty millions, and expect to have eighty millions in
all ready to present to the Court of Claims by the 1st
of December. They allege that it is an unconstitu-
tional tax, from the fact that in almost every instancs
it has been a direct export duty.
