SUPPLEMENT- TO'
Senate*and such notice,-he himself should be
impeached. Now, this fact being established
ana confessed, how is the Senate to get away
from it when the President himself puts it in
writing and confesses, on the lOtlt day of Feb-
ru&ryj 1868, that as early as the 12th day of
August, ISft?, it was his purpose to prevent
Edwin M. Stanton from resuming the functions
of that office, and therefore it was his purpose,
as alleged in the eleventh article, to prevent,
if by possibility he could, the execution of the
law? Senators, I can waste'no further words
upon the subject. It is useless for me to ex-
haust my strength by further argumentation.
" I -assume, Senators, after all that I have said
on thia subject, that 1 have made it clear to the
entire satisfaction of every Senator that the
substantive averments of the various articles
preferred by the House of Representatives
against Ihe President are established by the
proof and confessed substantially by his answer.
I hold, Senators, that these articles are sub-
stantially established upon the proofs in the
case, upon the confessions of the President
himself of record in his answer, in this, that
the President did issue his order -for the re-
moval of the Secretary of War during the ses-
sion of t.ho Senate of the United States in
violation of the provisions of the act, of March
2, 180-7, regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices, and with the intent to violate it, which
intent the law implies, and which intent the
President expressly confesses.
That his guilt is further established in this:
tktit he did issue his letter of authority to
Thomas iu violation of that act, with the intent,
as declared by himself, to prevent the Secre-
tary of War from resuming the functions of
the office after ho himself had suspended him
in pursuance of the provisions of the act, and
submitted the same to the judgment of the
Senate according to its requirements.
That he is guilty fiirther in this: "upon the
proofs that he did unlawfully conspire with
Lorensso Thomas, as charged in the fourth, fifth,
"sixth, and seventh articles, with'or without
force, with or without intimidation, to prevent
and hinder the Secretary of War from holding
the oflice in direct violation of the terms of
the tenure-of-ollice act.
Tlmt he is guilty further in this: that he did
attempt to induce (ieneral Emory to violate
the act making appropriations for the support
of the Army, Ihe violation of which act is by
its second section declared to be a high mis-
demeanor in office.
That ho is guilty further in this: that by his
intemperate and scandalous harangues he was
guilty of a great public indecency and of the
attempt to bring the Congress oi the United
States iiito contempt, and to incite the people
to sedition and anarchy.
That he is guilty in this: that by denying the
constitutionality of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and by his acts before referred-to, he did as-
sume to himself the prerogative of dispensing
with the laws, of suspending their execution
at pleasuue, until such time as it might suit his
own convenience to tost the question of their
validity or to ascertain the true construction
of the Constitution in the courts of the United
States.
And that by contriving with those lately in
insurrection lie did further attempt to prevent
the ratification of the fourteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution; and by all
these several acts did attempt to prevent the
execution of the tenure of-oflice act, the ex-
ecution of the Army appropriation act, and tile
execution of the act. for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States.
These facts being thus established will not
only enforce conviction upon the Senate, in my
judgment, but they will enforce conviction as
well upon the minds of the great body of the
people of this country.
Nothing remains, therefore, Senators, forme
farther to consider in this discussion than the
confession and attempted avoidance of the
President as made in his answer. I have an-
ticipated it iu the body of my argument. Sen-
ators have attended to what I have said. It
is only needful for me to remind them that
it is answered by the President that he claims
the power indefinitely,to suspend the heads
of Departments during the session of the Sen-
ate without their advice and consent, and to
fill the vacancies thus made by appointments
ad interim; that he claims the right to inter-
pret the Constitution for himself, and, in the
exercise of that right, to pronounce for him-
self upon the validity of every act of Con-
gress which may be placed upon the statute
book, and therefore, by virtue of his preroga-
tive as the Executive of the United States, in
defiance of your laws and in defiance of the
transcendent power of impeachment, vested
by the people in their House of Representa-
tives, he may suspend the laws and dispense
with their execution at his pleasure!
That is the position of the President. These
are the offenses with which he stands charged.
They have acquired and takeu something of
technical form and shape in the articles; but
the effect of the charges against the President
is usurpation in office, suspending the people's
laws, dispensing with the execution thereof
purposely, with intent to violate them, and, in
the language of the article, to hinder and to
prevent their execution.
The attempted avoidance set up is an iro-
.plied judicial power, as it was called by the
learned counsel of the President, to determine
for himself the true construction of the Consti-
tution and judicially to determine for himself
the validity of all your laws. I have endeav-
ored to show, Senators, that this assumption
of the President is incompatible with every
provision of your Constitution ; that it is at war
with all the traditions of the Republic; that
it is in direct, conflict with the contemporane-
ous and continued construction of the Consti-
tution by the legislative, executive, and judicial
departmen ts. 1 have endeavored also to i mpress
you, Senators, with my own conviction that
this assumption of the President to interpret
the Constitution and the laws for himself, to
suspend the execution of the laws at his pleas-
ure, is an assumption of power simply to set
aside the Constitution, to set aside the laws,
and to annihilate the Government of the peo-
ple. This is the President's crime: that he
lias assumed this prerogative, dangerous to the
people's liberties, violative alike of his oath,
of the Constitution, and of the laws enacted
under the Constitution. I have also endeav-
ored to show to the Senate that these offenses,
as specified in the articles, are impeachable,
and are declared by the laws of the land to be
high crimes and misdemeanors, indictable and
punishable as such.
And yet the President has the au<Taeity in
his answer—and I go not beyond it to convict
him—to come before the Senute and declare
in substance: "Admitting all that is charged
against me to be true; admitting that I did
suspend the execution of the laws; that I did
enter into a conspiracy with intent to prevent
the execution of the laws, that it was my pur-
pose to prevent, their execution, that I did
issue a letter of authority in direct violation
of the law ; nevertheless, I say it was my right
to do so, and it is not your right to hold me
to answer, because by force of the Constitu-
tion I am entitled to interpret the Constitution
for myself, and to decide upon the validity of
a law, whether it conflicts with a power con-
ferred upon me by the Constitution, and if it
does I must take the necessary steps to test its
validity in the courts of justice." That is the
President's answer as recorded here.
_ I have endeavored to show, further, that the
civil tribunals of this country, under the Con-
stitution, can by no possibility have any power
to determine any such issue between the Pres-
ident and the people, I do not propose to
repeat my argument, but 1 ask the Senate to
consider, that if the courts shall be allowed to
intervene, and in the first instance decide any
question of this sort between the people and
| the accused President, it necessarily does re-
! suit that the courts at last, acting upon the
suggestions of the President, may decide every
question of impeachment which can possiblv
arise by reason, of the malfeasance and guilty
acts of a President in office, and defy the power
of .the people to impeach him and try him in
the_ Senate. What, the Supreme Court to
decide a question of this sort-for the Senate
of the United States, when the Constitution*
deelares that the Senate shall have the sole
power to try all impeachments, which11 sriid
before necessarily includes the sole power to
try every question of law and fact finally and
forever between the President and the people!
That is my answer. That is the position we
assume here, oil behalf of the people, before
the Senate. If we are wrong; if, after all, you,
Senators, can cast the burden which, in our
judgment, the Constitution imposes upon you,
and upon you alone, on the courts, thereby
depriving the people of the power of removing
an accused and guilty President, that is for
you. We do not entertain for a moment the
belief that the Senate will give any counte-
nance to this position assumed by the Presi-
dent in his answer, and which at last constitutes
his sole defense.
These acts charged, then, as I said, are acts
of usurpation in oflice, criminal violations of
the Constitution and laws of the land ; and in-
asmuch as they are committed by the Chief
Magistrate of the nation, dangerous to the pub-
lic liberties. The people, Se.iators, have de-
clared in words too plain t6 be mistaken and
too strong to be evaded by the subtleties of a
false logic, that the Constitution ordained by
them and the laws enacted by their Representa-
tives in Congress assembled shall be obeyed,
and shall be executed and enforced by their
servant, the President of the United States,
until the same shall be amended or repealed in
the mode prescribed by themselves. They have
written this decree of theirs all over this land iu
the tempest and fire of battle.
When twelve million people, standing within
the limits of eleven States of this Union, eu-
tered into confederation and agreement against
the supremacy of the Constitution and laws,
and conspired to suspend their execution and
to annul them within their respective territo-
rial limits, from ocean to ocean, by a sublime
uprising, the people stamped out in blood the
atrocious assumption that millions of men were
to bo permitted, acting under State organiza-
tions, to suspend for a moment the supremacy
of the Constitution or the execution of the
people's laws. Is it to bo supposed that this
great and triumphant people, who but yester-
day wrote this decree of theirs amid the flame
of battle, are now at this day tamely to submit
to the same assumption of power by a single
man, and he their own sworn Executive? Let
the people answer that question, as they assur-
edly will answer it, in the coming elections.
. Is it not in vain, I ask you, Senators, that
the people have thus vindicated by battle the
supremacy of their own Constitution and laws,
if, after all, their President is permitted to sus-
pend their laws and dispense with the execu-
tion thereof at pleasure, and defy the power
of the people to bring him to trial and judg-
ment before the only tribunal authorized by
the Constitution to try him? That is the issue
which is presented before the Senate for deci-
sion by these articles of impeachment. By
such acts of usurpation on the part of the
ruler of a people, I need not say to the Senate,
the peace of nations is broken, as it is only by
obedience to law that the peace of nations is
maintained and their existence perpetuated.
Law is the voice of God and the harmony of
the world—•
" It, doth preserve the stars from icrong,
Tltroutjh. it the eternal heavens'are fresh and strong "
All history is but philosophy teaching by
example. God is in history, and' through it
teaches to men and nations the profoundest
lessons which they leam. It does not surprise
me, Senators, thai the learned counsel for the
accused asked the Senate, in the consideration
of this question, to close that volume of instruc-
tion, not to look into the past, not to listen to
