3486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,:
where there are now one million nine hundred
thousand gallons of whisky in bond, as re-
ported to me by the collector of the district.
Now, the effect of compelling these distillers
to pay this tax on that quantity in one hun-
dred days will be to put them at the mcrcy of
capitalists who furnish them money. They
have already exhausted their ability to borrow
money to keep their distilleries running, and
now to compel them to pay this tax would force
them to put their whisky into market or to
accept whatever conditions the bankers and
moneyed men of the country require of them
for the purpose of raising the money to pay
this vast amount. It will require $1,000,000
in that district in which there is to-day a bauk-
ing capital of only $50,000. They will have '
to go into the eastern market and get the money
on such terms as they can, or put their whisky
in the market at once, which must unquestion-
ably depress the price and cause a great loss
to the owners.
Mr. INGBflSOLL. 1 rise to oppose the
amendment. Mr. Chairman, what is the ne-
cessity of legislating in regard to when this
particular article shall be put on the market
any more than as to when corn or flour or any
other article of trade or commerce shall bo put
on the market? Why not leave it subject to
the laws of trade? If you have twenty-live
million gallons of spirits in the warehouses, let
it, bo taken out whenever there is a demand for
it. If you undertake to legislate as to when iL
shall be put ou the market, why not legislate
to fix the price, and at such a price that shall
be remunerative to the owner. Whenever the
price will justify its sale the owner will sell it
without any requirement of law. He will
gladly pay the Government tax whenever he
can sell it at a profit. The owners of these
twenty-five million gallons would have taken
tlietn out of bond at any time since the tax of
two dollars per gallon was imposed if they
could have sold them at the cost even of pro-
duction above the tax. There is not a gallon
of whisky in New York made iiom gram that
has not cost, fifty cents a gallon to make it.
Some of it has been manufactured, peihaps,
two years ago, and has been held by the owner
at a cost of not less than ten dollars a barrel
in addition to the original cost. Now, you pro-
pose to place them at a great disadvantage
with those who make whisky to-day. Old high
wine is no better for manufacturing purposes
or redistillation than new. But you allow
a distiller to make whisky at a tax of fifty
cents, and he may redistill it or do what, he
pleases with it, while those who happen to be
so unfortunate as to have made it two years
ago and held it till now at a cost of nine or ten
dollars a barrel by insurance, leakage, and
storage, you compel to pay four dollars a barrel
in addition and take it out of bond m one hun-
dred days or you will forfeit it to the Govern-
ment. There are twenty-five million gallons
now in bond that are required to pay this tax
in one hundred days or suffer confiscation by
this bill. Now, why not leave it in bond until
there is a demand for it? If there is a demand
for it you will get your tax as fast as it is taken
out without breaking faith with the manufac-
turer and bankrupting him beside. Leave it to
be called for when there is a demand for its
consumption. Then it will be brought out per-
haps in thirty, sixty, or ninety days, or six or
twelve months, just as it is required for trade,
commerce, or consumption. That is the way
this should stand, and in no other way.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvaniawithdraws the amendmentandl renew
it. I desire to say that I prefer the bill as it
comes from the committee. I think it ought
to pass in this shape, and for these reasons:
I take it there is in the country now little or no
whisky or spirits exported that have honestly
paid the tax. All that is outside of the ware-
houses, or the greater portion of it, has been
illicitly distilled. How much of it there is I
will not undertake to say. The best informa-
tion we have is that there are about twenty-
five million gallons in bond. The annual pro-
duce of the country is not far from ninety
million gallons, and the amount -now in bond
is haidly the consumption of one hundred
days. Those who are familiar with the manu-
facture of spirits, I presume, will bear me tes-
timony that there will be very little liquor
manufactured between now and the 1st of
November, the summer season of the year not
being favorable to this business. The one
hundred days allowed by this bill will have
elapsed by that time. The liquor that is now
in bond will supply the demand of the country
during that period, and when the fall distilla-
tion commences the supply on hand will have
gone out of the warehouses, the Government
will have received the taxupon it, and we shall
be ready to open new books and commence
again. There is a great deal offeree, it seems
to inc. in what has fallen from several gentle-
men in respect to the burden that already
exists upon the liquor that is in bonded ware-
houses, enough, as I think, to counterbalance
the per-bushel tax and per-barrel tax which is
specially imposed by the present bill as it
comes from the committee. I do not think,
therefore, that it is giving whisky in bond an
undue advantage to allow it to be taken out
by a payment per gallon the same as we re-
quire upon whisky that is now made, and that
is a policy which will insure the tax on all that
liquor which has been accumulating.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KGGLESTON. T rise to oppose the
amendment. I am decidedly in favor of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] to extend the time
for paying the duty on this whisky in bond to
six months. I do not wish to be factious about
this matter; but I know that if the Committee
of Ways and Means will look at this subject as
it really is, they will be in favor of that amend-
ment.
Now, my friend from Illinois [Mr. Ixger-
soll] asks why should we not let the laws of
trade regulate this subjcct the same as corn
and other articles? I will tell him why. We
have, as a Government, held out inducements
to certain parties to pile up their products, their
nianuftictures in bonded warehouses. By law
we have held out those inducements, and tlicy
have so done. We have now reached a point
where wo are about to disband and disorganize
those warehouses and tell them to take then-
stock away. We say by this bill that they must
take it away in one hundred days. Well, we
ask in justice to these parties that you give
them at least six months. And why ? Why,
as the gentleman has well said, if you throw
whisky on the market faster than the market
will take it, you will glut the market and break
it down so that there will be, as there has been
heretofore, no sale whatever; but if you let it
go out gradually it will all work off and the
Government will get the money. Now, what
does the Government lose by this? It may be
said that the Government is paying to keep up
the bonded warehouses; but is not the owner
of the whisky paying for storage and insurance?
Does he not have to stand more than the Gov-
ernment stands?
Now, I want to tell gentlemen how it will
operate in my city. One fifth of all this whisky,
according to the report of the internal rev-
enue department, is in the city of Cincinnati.
About five million gallons, a little over one hun-
dred thousand barrels, is in bond there. I tell
the committee that the distillers do not own the
whisky. The men who made the whisky own
very little of the whisky that is in bond in that
city. There are small rectifyers who have bought
their one, two, and three hundred barrels. There
are alcohol dealers who have bought it; there
are druggists who have it; it has gone through
various shapes and trades; and there are com-
mission merchants who have advanced money
upon it. I say we should give them a chance
to pay the money to the Government and take
this liquor away. Suppose, at the end of the
one hundred days, these men cannot pay the
money, what is the result? You are then to
put the officers of the law upon them and put
the whisky upon the market and sell it at what-
it will bring. What will the Government make
by that process? But if you give these men
six months then they-will come out all right,
and the Government will get the money with-
out breaking down these parties. But other-
wise yon not only will not get the money, but
you will break down these parties and outrage
the feelings of the community where this tax
is to be paid. All the whisky which is in bond
now belonging to distillers is just that portion
which they were unable to smuggle.
Mr. LOGAN. I must confess I am a little
surprised to see the favor which this proposi-
tion apparently receives. My friend from Phila-
delphia, [Mr. Kelley,] who offered this amend-
ment, hassubmittedanargumentuponit, which
I have read in a letter which has been sent
here.
Now, if gentlemen will examine the statistics
they will find this to be the fact: within thelast
eight months—after the passage of the bill by
Congressto prevent the taking any more of this
whisky out of bond without the payment of the
tax—the majority of the whisky of the United
States has been purchased for from fifteen to
thirty cents per gallon, the greater portion of
it at not more than eighteen cents per gallon,
by large whisky speculators, and that whisky
is now in bond. It has been held in bond wait-
ing for the tax upon it to be reduced. And
now the very moment you reduce the tax to
fifty cents per gallon gentlemen get up here
and asked that they be allowed six months
to take it out of bond, so that they may be
enabled to speculate more largely in it.
N®w, 1 am opposed to any such proposition.
If these men could afford to pay the tax of two
dollars per gallon at once, they certainly can
afford to pay the tax of fifty cents per gallon in
a hundred days. If you ever expect to have the
time commence when you can collect the rev-
enue from this whisky you must have some
time fixed when this whisky shall be taken out
of bond, so as to let the new stock of whisky
come forward. It is said that this is not lair,
because the distiller who now makes whisky
can put it in bond and keep it there a year.
But the distillers are now to commence under
the new law at fifty cents a gallon tax. These
other men were under the old law at two dol-
lars a gallon tax. Suppose a man owed you
$400,000, and the debt was now due. He comes
to you and says : " I am not able to pay this
$400,000 ; great frauds have been committed
upon the country, and you must reduce this
debt." Well, you agree to reduceitto $100,000,
just one quarter of the debt, and then agree to
take his note for that $100,000 at one hundred
days. Just as soon as you have reduced his
debt three fourths, he asks you to extend the
time to six months, just because you reduced
his debt so much. That is the proposition of
the gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr. K elley]
and the gentleman from Cincinnati, [Mr. Bggle-
ston.] After you have reduced the tax three
fourths, then they ask you to extend the time
in which that one fourth is to be paid. Then)
is not a man with this whisky in bond who can
have the impudence to come here and ask any
such thing. *
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I advocate the view of this
subject taken by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley,] though I would extend
the time longer than he suggests. Much of
this whisky, in fact all of the whisky that is
made for home consumption and to be drunk
without rectification or redistillation, has to be
kept from one to two years before it is fit to
be drunk. And the men who have been making
that grade of whisky heretofore have been mak-
ing it with the assurance, if not with the agree-
ment, that if they placed it in the hands of the
Government, allowed the Government collect-
tors to take it and lock it up in their bonded
warehouses and hold the keys, that this whisky
should be allowed to remain, subject to the
tax, until they could make a sale of it. And
if the Government can get its tax before the
manufacturer gets his money as it does now,
