1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
,1 \ey will importune Congress and use $30,000,000
of t'. i-'.r o! im t > c >.rry the measure through. Forty
r.:,: i.>i < w11i he romuioil to the t.ix paver, ami the
" '■ ■ ■ ~r ten ffi i1, lie retained for ^rrviet's rendered. Hue
of tii.  'ui.aiontial iioi'them friends' alluded to is
 ,ot NcwYoi'i."
Not the Kentlemnn now on tho floor.
"I send you this information so that you may be
thoroughly posted when the time comes for you to
net. th u you may been ibletl to checkmate and pre-
vent the execution oi !iie deep-laid plan, which is
calculated to embariaw the tioverument and bank-
rupt the Treasury."
Now, if that bo the plan, it seems to me
that I was justified in saying that it looked
like a large speculation—1 meant a specula-
tion on the part of those engaged in it—I did
net iiuun to imply that the gentleman from
New Yo'k was engaged in it.
Mr. ^ BROOKS. Notwithstanding the ex-
planation ot the honorable gentleman from
Minnesota 1 cannot get it into my head how
testing the constitutionality of the cotton tax
has anything to do with the enactment of a law
by Congress for the repeal of the tax. One
question is to be decided by a judicial tribunal,
a court of law, the other by a legislative tribu-
nal, the Congress of the United States. Nor
can I see by what logical process the gentle-
man connects the two propositions or sup-
poses that one is connected with the other.
What led me further to remark upon this
subject was a subsequent remark by the honor-
ablegentleman from Pennsylvania,"[Mr. Moor-
head. J who said :
"Mr. Speaker, after the discussion we have had
on this suoject, and particularly after the exposure
made in the paper sent to the desk by the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Windom.J I do not suppose
there is any danger ot this House voting for the sub-
stitute."
I he gentleman from Pennsylvania speaks of
the paper which was read as an "exposure,"
and connects it with the remarks made by the
gentleman from Minnesota; andthisconfirmed
my supposition that the gentleman intended his
remarks for me.
Now, Mr. Speaker, nothing is less desired
on my part than any personal controversies of
this sort upon the floor of this House. In the
whole course of my legislative career I have
never made a personal attack upon any gentle-
man on this floor unless I have been provoked
to it. I hope I shall never so far forget my
own dignity and the dignity of this House as to
indulge in any unprovoked personal attacks. '
But on no occasion, at no time, here or i
elsewhere, do I intend in my legislative career 1
to be assailed in my honor without replying to ,
the best of my ability. j
I have an apology, therefore, to make to the '
gentleman from Minnesota if I have misrep- 1
resented or misunderstood his remarks as he j
has explained I have. I am glad he has given
us bothan^pportunity to understand each other
and to put ourselves right before the country. I'
symes vs. thimble.
The SPEAKER laid before the House evi-
dence in the Kentucky contested-election case
of Byrnes vs. Trimble; which was referred to
the Committee of Elections.
m'kke vs. young.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
evidence in the Kentucky contested-election
case of McKee vs. Young; which was referred
to the Committee of Elections. !
post office appropriations. j
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the i
I reasury, transmitting a copy of a letter from !
the Postmaster General relative to the appro- !
priations for the service of the Post Office j
Department; which was referred to the Com- j
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be I
printed. * ;j
question of privilege. j
Mr. DAWES.
of privilege.
Mr. IlOOPEii, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave to introduce a resolution and permission
to say a few words in explanation of it.
I rise to call up a question
Mr. DAWES. I bog my colleague not to
ask my indulgence to that extent, for 1 am now
interfering wall what is understood to be tho
business of the House to-day.
Mr. HOOPER. of Massachusetts. I will
only ask leave to iutroAicethe resolution with-
out. asking to have any action on it.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to my colleague that
Ims withhold his resolution until I get through,
and 1 have no doubt the House will permit him
then to make his remarks.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw it for the present.
joint committee on ordnance.
"the SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the unfinished business of yesterday,
which was on concurring with the Senate in
the appointment of a joint Committee on Ord-
nance, on which the yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk read the message of the Senate, as
follows:
In the Senate of tiir Uxitep Stiths,
December 1807.
Resolved, That the joint Committee on Ordnance
on the part of the Senate, appointed nt the last sos-
. sion. and consisting of Mr. Howard, Mr. Cameron,
and Mr. Drake, be, and they are hereby, reappointed.
Attest: J. AY. FORNEY, Secretary.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that the order for
the yeas and nays be withdrawn.
Mr. ROSS. I object to the withdrawal of
the order for the yeas and nays. I do not
think we need any ordnance committee. We
need much more a committee on plowshares
and pruning-hooks.
Mr. LOGAN. If I have permission before
the vote is taken 1 should like to make an
explanation in regard to the committee on the
part of the House.
The SPEAKER. The question is debatable.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I will not
detain the House but a short time. I am my-
self not disposed to have a great number of
investigating committees, and especially where
there would seem to be no necessity for them.
But why objection is made to this particular
committee is something I cannot understand.
It is a committee which was organized during
the last session for the purpose of investigating
the manner in which ordnance was made and
furnished to the Government, and all the mat-
i ters connected therewith. I certainly would
j be glad to be relieved from the labors of that |
committee, but I do think it is of some import- |
I ance. We have investigated the subject up to j
j the present time, not with closed doors but so j
I that every one might know what we were doing. ;
: We have developed a state of facts which I |
think ought to be known to the country. There
are many things with which members of this ;
House are not conversant and which have been ,
disclosed before that committee. The evidence
shows that great frauds have been perpetrated
upon this Government in contracts for ordnance
and other munitions of war. 1
The evidence before the committee shows
that certain gentlemen who have been con- !
nected with this department have speculated
and defrauded the Government while they have
been officials acting for the Government. The
evidence shows that in no single instance where .j
a man has come to Washington with an inven- jj
tion for guns, either for lield-pieces or heavy j
ordnance, has he had any attention given to !
him unless he belonged either to the Army or
the Navy. I will give one instance, a poor j
tqpn in Chicago, in my own State, invented a ,
gun and brought it to Washington. It is now H
lying in the navy-yard, having been fired a few ij
times, no attention being paid to it. A man !
who served in the-department for forty years
testifies before that committee that his patent
was stolen, and England furnishes the guns to
this country known as Armstrong guns which
were invented by John P. Atwater, of Chicago. :
The evidence does, show that at different times j
inventors in this country who were poor men :
have been defrauded and cheated out of their j
inventions, which afterward have been fouud
issued in somebody else's name. All these
facts are before the committee and much more
, will be developed if we are permitted to con-
tinue the investigation.
I here is another important fact that the
country, or at least this House, ought to know.
1 became conversant with it somi years ago.
We have two ordnance departments, one con-
nected with the Army and the other with tho
Navy Department. Now 1 defy any genl.'etnau
to show me one gun or one shot or shell from
the Army that has ever been made by contract
for the Army of the same size as. those of the
Navy. 1 would like some gentleman to tell
me why that is so. You cannot take a gun
from one of your forts and put it, on one of
your vessels and fire your naval ammunition
from it. If the Navy has a hundred-pounder
or a fifteen-inch gun, the same coutraet made
with the same man on the part of the Army
will result in the furnishing of a gun a little
less in calibre, so that you cannot use the satne
ammunition. Can any one tell why that is so?
There is no reason for it, I apprehend, except
to keep up two distinct departments at great
expense to this Government, so that two rings
that are organized in this country may be run,
\ the people knowing nothing about it.
I have investigated this ordnance question
for the last few years sufficiently to satisfy me
that greater frauds are perpetrated in connec-
tion with this than with almost any department
of this Government, because it is the most
: expensive department. Now, why gentlemen
want this committee discontinued when we have
i only just got into the evidence and are begin-
! ning to develop the facts, I do not know. I do
I not want to continue the committee unneces-
sarily, because it will be an expense to the
1 Government; but the reason I introduced the
resolution in this House at the time I did to
have this committee appointed was that on the
field I had seen such frauds perpetrated in the
ammunition furnished to our men that I was
determined, ifitwas ever in my power, to have
the matter investigated to see where the l ^spon-
sibility lay. I believe the facts we are i ve!-
! oping to-day will disclose to the country
the frauds were perpetrated.
I assert here to-day that more of our own
men were killed in the late war by cur own am-
'■ munition, fired from our own light and heavy
field-pieces, than were killed by the heavy and
light artillery of the enemy. The cause of it
was the frauds perpetrated on this Government
and submitted to by its officials. These are
facts that will come before the country. Let
the country know who is responsible for these
things. Men have taken contracts who arc con-
nected with the Army. You are having guns
made to-day for the use of the Army and Navy
that are the invention of some men directly
connected with one or the other of these depart-
ments. Indeed no other men can have an
opportunity of getting such contracts. For
this reason I want the committee continued.
There is another reason why I desire the
continuance of the committee. It is to exam-
ine the question thoroughly and report to this
House whether or not it would not be better to
consolidate these two ordnance departments.
Instead of having one in the Navy and another
in the Army procuring guns of different caliber
it may be considered preferable to have but one
ordnance department, so that our Navy may
use the same guns and ammunition that are used
in the forts, and our forts may use the same
that are used in the Navy. 1 am inclined to
think it would be better to consolidate these two
departments into one, at the head of which we
should have a good officer. It would certainly
save the Government millions of uollars. I
desire that this investigation should be contin-
ued and the facts reported to Congress, ho that
we may decide whether it is not best to con-
solidate the two departments into one. There-
fore I am in favor of concurring in the action
of the Senate in continuing the committee.
Mr. WASIIBUIiNE. of Illinois. My col-
league says that some gentleman from Illinois
made a motion to r.-on-concur.
