4512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
the witness ho had no money, or very little, in the
military chest—about one hundred dollars. Mr.
Barker, at his request, loaned him $500, which was
afterward paid. 'About this timo ho told mo' (the
witness continued) 'hewanted more money—8100,000
on his own account for his bill in Boston. I agreed
to let him have it. lie took the greater portion, for
which he gave me his exchange on Boston, which was
honorably paid. Of this money most of it ho drew
on mo for gold m favor of his brother. Subsequently
he told me that his object in thid negotiation was to
get funds to loan his brother.'
"Mr. B.F. Smith testified before the commission
on tiio 2< th oi February, 1S135, that he had resided in
New Orleans twenty-two years, and was there when
General Butler arrived; thathewas interested with
Colonel A. J. Butler, the brother oi General Butler,
in carrying goods across tho lake, consisting of salt,
quinine, shoes, corn, groceries, and liquors, which
went mostly into tho hands of tho rebels, as Colonel
Butler well knew. He received one third of the profits
realized upon them. The witness was asked: 'Do
you believe that General Butleii knew about this
trado?'
"Aimoer. Yes, sir; I told him. lie asked me the
question, and $13,000 worth went alter that.
" Question. Did you deal in cotton at all ?
"Answer. Wo tried to, but got only one hundred
and ninety bales.
*' Question. Stato about the transaction.
* Answer. General Butler informed me that no
more goods should go out unless cotton returned. I
went to the rebel authorities. General Lovoll, the
rebel commander-in-chiof, endeavored to have the
witness come back with more goods. The witness told
him what General Butlkb had said.
" Question. You. had no difficulty to get in and out
(of our lines) when you pleased?
"Answer. No, sir; I had six or seven schooners
chartered. Colonel Butler got everything fixed.
French signed the passes.
"The witness says that when he came back to New
Orleans after his interview with the rebel general
about the cotton, he reported progress to General
Butler and Colonel Butler, and that he got a prom-
ise, and he says, ' the general told me that the rebels
would fool me.'
" Question. Did the cotton come in ?
*'Answer. Yes,sir; and goods went out.
" Question. What was tho value of the cargo?
" Answer. Between twelve and thirteen thousand
dollars.
"Question. What was the value of the cotton that
came in ?
"Answer. One hundred and ninety-six bales, at
forty-five ccnts a pound.
"Question. When you came to settle with Colonel
Butler hegavo you only $2,500?
" Answer. lie did not give me that. The party who
represented the rebel authorities came to me and
offered mo $10,000 for my interest in the thing.
" Question. What was tho amount of your claim on
Colonel Butler?
" Answer. I do not know; I was to have one third of
tho net proceeds. Wo paid for the cotton, I think, ten
cents a pound, and got lorty-fivo cents. It was worth
about two hundied dollars a bale. That would be
about thirty-six thousand dollars. The salt was
bringing about thirty dollars a sack.
" Question. How much percentage did you make
upon tho goods?
"Answer. More than two hundred per cent., and
seventy-five per cent, upon the cotton.
"'This witness, buiith, &ays that ho was a rebel at
the time, and did not take the oath until after these
transactions.
"W. W. Watson testified on the 1st day of March,
18G5, that he knew a person named A. F. Smith.
(This undoubtedly refers to B. F. Smith, the witness
last examined, as will appear by a careful examina-
tion of the deposition.) Mr. Watson says that Smith
did a great deal of business during General Butler's
administration; that he would slightly doubt his
statements because he was a party in the Bayou la
lourcho Land Company bill, which the witness
regarded as a swindle.
^The witness testified as follows:
Question. Is thero anything iu that to hinder his
credibility as awitness.cxeeptthat liewas connected
with tho straw company?
\ Answer. No, sir, I do not think there was.
Question. Do you know anything about this busi-
ness that he carried on across the lake in General
Butler's time?
Answer. At the time I saw him the business was
not camedon very well, and he told General Butler
that he would retire.
" Question. What knowlcdgo had you that he was
gomg into a contraband and improper business?
Answer. I had no direct knowledge, but was of
opinion that he hlled out the General's passes in a
written form.
"Question. Do you mean he signed the General's
name, or that the General furnished him with blank
passes?
"Answer. I saw his book on the table, and saw
his pa-ses that were not signed by the General.
" Question. And you are certain that General But-
ler hlled up these pa?se3 ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; he cleared three vessels from
hereto Matamoras, among which was theMary Davis.
When Admiral Farragut was informed of it he sent a
Kunboat and took tho supercargo, Reed, General
Butler's brother-in-law. Farragut took his pass
and went up to the General's with it, andaskedhim if
it was his handwriting, to which thcGeneral replied,
' Thatis A. J/shandwriting.' A.J.Butler was then
arrested and paroled, and afterward taken up fey a
picket and brought back here, and, having given
security in £30,000 bonds, finally ran away.
"Iho witness was not present at the interview be-
tween Admiral Farragut and General Butler and
based his statement on hearsay. The witness says
that the permits which Colonel Butler made out con-
tained a great variety of articles, and instanced one
to a man named Long, to take a vessel of about
eightv tons to Mobile loaded with provisions, &e.
He was to bring back the money belonging to tho
Merchants' Bank. Colonel Butler and Mr. French
made out the list of medicines, and assisted in get-
ting the medicines to send by this vessel.
"Tho witness was asked: JIave you any reason to
suppose that General Butler was interested in those
operations.?
"Answer, Yes. sir, I have reason to suppose so,
but I do not know tho tact.''
"Question. State any fact,
"Aauwer. Thoy htsd no money until they got
$320,000 out of tho city treasury. I saw tho first
$1,000 counted out on the tablo in Butler's (Colonel)
office,
"Question. Who was present when that money
was counted?
"Answer. No one except Mr. Wyer, Mr. Dunell,
and myself. Mr. Dues, General Butler, and General
Schall'er signed the order. It was presented to Mr.
0., and he would not give up tho money, whereupon
Mr. Flanders was appointed and tho money was
got.
"Question. Were any receipts given for this money?
"Answer 1 do not know.
"Question. Was an order ever given to deliver
this money over to A. J, Butler?
"Answer. ircs, sir: and you will find it in the
comptroller's office, I think.
"Question. Who signed it?
"Answer. Due*, General Butleb, and General
SchaJler.
"Question. And it passed into A.J. Butler's hands?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I did not seethe money used,
but 1 was asked to pass 5-O.UOO to a planter on the
coa-t, and 1 told A. J. Butler that 1 would not do it.
" The witness says that A.J.Butler was engaged in
removing crops from plantations to the city,for which
purposo a boat used to bo guarded by from twenty-
five to liity soldiers, and the boat used to return to
the city with six, seven, or eight hundred hogsheads
of sugar, lie understood, but did not personally
know the fact, that this sugar was seized and went
to New York thiough the hands of A. J. Butler. The
proceed* of this caigo passed into the hands of A. J.
Butler & Co. or their agents.
"The boats employed m tho business were tho
Iberville, Laurel iliil, the Empire Parish. and tho
Lieutenant Moms, boats in the employ of the Uni-
ted States Government. Tho Iberville waschartered
by Colonel Shaffer and Mr. Bloomer, who did the
outside business lor Butler at $5,000 per month.
These boats paid no freight to tho quartermaster's
department. The witness paid the teamsters and
wagoners employed m the work. The boats all
passed out of tho port ot New Orleans free ot any
charge or tax.
"Tho witness says: 'I suggested to General But-
ler that tho Government transports might bo bal-
lasted with sugar, lie said that it wuuld not bo
proper, for the port was not open; but finally that 1
might do so, provided it was sand instead of sugar.'
"Question. This was the gcneial limisell?
"An-nocr. Yes, sir; this was before A. J. Butler
arrived here."
"Question. Did you pay to Butler any freight upon
this ballast?
"Anxwer. No; I commenced going around to per-
sons who wanted to ship sugar to Now York, and
told them that it would be taken lor ten dollars a
hogshead, and to say that it was sand if any inquiries
were made about it. Tho port was not open until
the middle of June, but this sugar was shipped in
the month of May. General Butler said it would
break tho blockade in the eyes of foreign Govern-
ments if wc were found shipping from hero before
tho port was opened. When Colonel Butlor came
here he sent Captain Turner, and desired an intro-
duction tome. I went down, and he, the Colonel,
stated that he had been informed I was tho only per-
son capablc or willing to do business, and as thero
was a great deal of shipping to be done, that if 1
would do it he would furnish offices, stationery,and
clerks, and would divide with me. I declineddomg
so, when he sent for me again, and insisted upon
my doing so. I heard him say to the captains of
vessels: 'When you arrive in New York lay offin
the harbor; go to the quartermaster and got yuur
charter canceled, then heave alongside the pier and
discharge your cargo to the consignees, who will pay
you two dollars a hogshead. Keep your mouths shut.'
"Question. What did you engage this freight for?
"Answer. Ten dollars a. hogshead.
"Question. Where did the eight dollars go to ?
"Answer. Idon'tknow. Isuppose thatthe money
went to the Government. Ichaiged nothing.
" Question. Into whose hands did these ten dol-
lars pass?
" Answer. I suppose the Governmcntconsigned to
the quartermaster, and collected tho freight in New
York. Isuppose everything was proper; I can bring
you down to the list ot the cargo of every ve^cl.
Colonel Shafier canceled his bonds by paying
$60,000, as they would not bear invest igation.
"R. Bloomer was examined before tins commission
22d of Februaiy,1865, and testified that ho was guard-
ian of the children of one Mr. Way. who had an
interest in the steamers New Orleans and Southerner,
Belle Lee, the Johnnie liodgen?, and tho Simpson.
DuringGeneral Butler's administration these boats
were run on capital which tho witness says was
'probably' turnislied by Colonel Butler. Colonel
French became interested in them shortly aftci they
arrived in New Orleans. He fivst became interested
in the Southerner. He bought one third, for which
he paid $6,000. She paid that one third the first week
she arrived; these boats brought the agricultural
produce of Louisiana to marfcot. ihey got into
trouble, witness says, every week. J.hey were seized
by military authority, and, says the witness, it be-
camo my duty to get them released. I generally
went to Colonel Butler, and he would see persons m
authority, and they were generally released.' Ho
savs they were released sometimes m court, in
tho case of tho Southerner, she was seized and bonded,
and I understood the district attorneydischarged it.
Sometimes we petitioned that the boat had violated
no military law, and General Banks and General
Stono would release them. There never was any
money paid in any case that I recollect. ^
" Colonel French was the provost marshal general
during the administration of General Butler.
" Gcoige llonnowell, examined before the commis-
sion on the 5th of May, 18(55, testified that on the
17th of September, 1862, General Butler compelled
him to sell to him the steamer Nassau, for ^al,300 in
currontfunds. 4 HccaUedit$23,000m greenbacks. He
gave mo his check on the Citizens Bank tor §31,3b0,
equal to &2S.OOO in United States Treasury notes.
I thou ofierod to charter her to tho Government
for fifty dollars a day, and if that was loo much, they
mighthave had her tor forty dollars. Hesaid he was
going to send her on a perilous errand, and could not
charter her. General Boiler sold the steamer a few
days afterward for $45,000 in greenbacks. _ lie after-
ward chartered her tothe Governinentfor$340aday;
$10,500 a month. Isaw the cheek for thelirst month's
charter.'
"Such is tho substance of the testimony affecting
Gc«eral Butler's administration, for full details
wo ruler to the depositions 011 file."
This is from the records in the Department
of War, and shows conclusively that this gen-
eral was a traitor to his country, and should
have been tried, convicted, and executed for
treason. The records of the Government fur-
nish abundant proof of his pillage of the pro-
vinces over winch he was placed. He went
forth for spoils, and through the courage and
skill of the brave Farragut he returned crowned
with abundance.
the infamous order so. 28.
lle ad quarters department of gulf,
N kw Orleans, ilay 15.
As officers and soldiers of the United States have
been subjected to repeated insults from women calling
themselves ladies of New Orleans, in return lor the
most scrupulous non-interference and courtesy on our
part, it is ordered liercatterwhen any female shall by
mere gesture or movement insult or show contempt for
any officers or sokhers ot the United [states, she shall
be regarded and held liable to be treated as a woman
about town plying her avocation.
By command of Mdjor General Butler.
GliOIlGE C. STRONG, A. A. O.
In all the outrages and cruelties of this fear-
ful contest, I venture the assertion that nothing
can be found so dishonorable as the above.
Other men committed acts of cruelty so start-
ling as to cause humanity to shudder, but this
abandoned assault upon the virtue of the women
of New Orleans appalls all who dare look at
its depravity.
This order was issued upon the trivial provo-
cation given by some of the earnest women of
the South to show their devotiou to the cause
they had espoused with all their hearts, and
for which they were willing to sacrifice all that
they held dear on earth. This devotion, al-
though erroneous, only elevated these women
in the minds of all noble officers and soldiers
in the Union Army. It endeared them the
more as American women, although in the
wrong, still honest and faithful to what they
believed their sacred cause. This master in
the_ arts of Mephistophiles, struck home at
their honesty and their virtue, it was not iu
detail but in the wholesale. lie commanded
his army to tear from their souls nil respect for
their virtue and purity. It stands outthe mon-
ument of depravity sublime in its cold atrocity.
Let the civilized world read it, and let one man
attempt to apologize for it, or to mitigate its
worse than barbarous spirit if he dares. It has
already met among all civilized people its just
condemnation. It is folly to say that the man
who was trading with the enemy was moved
to this by any sense of respect for his oflictrs,
his soldiers, or his country. It was cold re-
venge for mortilied vanity. This man was met
with deserved contempt, and he sought his
levenge and used his poyer for that purpose,
it, after reading Order No. 28, there are any
men that would credit a word that its author
would say on any subject, I do not envy them
their disposition.
