466
SUPPLEMENT TO
stand in the presence of men who may, in some
sense, be called to-day the living lathers of
the Republic. I ask you, Senators, to con-
sider that I speak before you this day in- behalf
of the violated law of a free people who com-
mission me. I ask you to remember that I
speak this day under the obligations of my
oath. I ask you to consider that I am not in-
sensible to the significance of the words of
which mention was made by the learned coun-
sel from' New York: justice, duty, law, oath.
I ask you, Senators, to remember that the
great principles of constitutional liberty for
which I this day speak have been taught to
men and nations by all the trials and triumphs,
by all the agonies and martyrdoms of the past;
that they are the wisdom of the centuries
uttered by the elect of the human race who
were made perfect through suffering.
I ask you, Senators, to consider that we
stand this day pleading for the violated majesty
of the law, by the graves of a half million of
martyred hero-patriots who made death beau-
tiful by the sacrifice of themselves for their
country, the Constitution, and the laws, and who
by their sublime example have taught us that all
must obey the law; that none are above the
law; that no man lives for himself alone, but
each for all; that some must die that the State
may live ; that the citizen is at best but for to-
day, while the Commonwealth is for all time ;
and that position, however high, patronage,
however powerful, cannot be permitted to
shelter crime to the peril of the Republic.
It only remains for me, Senators, to thank
you, as I do, for the honor you have done me
by your kind attention, and to demand, in the
name of the House of Representatives, and of
tho _ people of the United States, judgment
against the accused for the high crimes and
misdemeanors in office whereof he stands im-
peached, and of which before God and man he
is guilty.
As Mr. Manager Bingham concluded there
were manifestations of applause in different
portions of the galleries, with cheers.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Order! Order!
If this be repeated the Sergcant-at-Anns will
clear the galleries.
This announcement was received with laughter
and hisses by some persons in the galleries,
while others continued the checring and clap-
ping of hands.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that the order of the court to clear the galleries
be immediately enforced.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergcant-at-
Artns will clear the galleries. [Hisses and
cheers and clapping of hands in parts of the
galleries.] If the offense be repeated the
Sergeant-at-Arms will arrest the offenders.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be directed to arrest the persons
making the disturbance, if lie cau find them,
as well as to clear the galleries.
The CHIEF J UST1CE. The Chief Justice
has already given directions to that effect.
[The Sergeant at-Arms, by his assistants,
continued to execute the order by clearing the
galleries.]
Mr. CAMERON". Mr. President, I hope the
galleries will not be cleared. A large portion
of the persons in the galleries had a very dif-
ferent feeling from that expressed by those who
clapped and applauded. It was one of those
extraordinary occasions which will happen
sometimes 
Several Senators. Order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the Senator to
order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. CAMERON. We all know that such
outbursts will occasionally take place 
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the member to
order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Pennsylvania is not in order. The galleries
will be cleared.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I move
that the court take a recess for fifteen min-
iates.
Several Senators. Not until the galleries
are cleared.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from California,
that the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, take a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the presiding officer
to have the order to clear the galleries en-
forced.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergeant-at-
Arms states to the presiding officer that, the
order is being enforced as fast as practicable.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, is it m
order to move that the Senate retire to its
Chamber for deliberation ? I will make that
motion, if it is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks that until the order of the Senate is
enforced it cannot properly take any other
order or proceed with any other matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No order can be made
until the galleries are cleared. That order is
being executed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think many persons in
the galleries do not understand that they are
ordered to leave the galleries. There is some
misapprehension, I think.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The persons in
attendance in the galleries are informed that
the Senate has made an order that the galleries
be cleared, and it is expected that those in the
galleries will respect the order.
The galleries having been cleared, with the
exception of the diplomatic gallery and the
reporters' gallery,
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I move
that the further execution of the order be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 insist that the order
be executed.
Several Senators. So do 1.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the Senator
from Rhode Island withdraw his motion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; I make the
motion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves that the further execution
of the order in regard to clearing the galleries
be suspended.
Mr. CONKLING-. I wish to ask a question
of the Chair. I inquire whether the suspension
of the order will open all the galleries for the
return of those who have been turned out?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks it would have that effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the order will
not be suspended. Let it be executed.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the motion to suspend the order-clearing the
galleries.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The galleries will
be cleared.
'The diplomatic gallery having been cleared,
Mr. MORltILL, of Maine. Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, I desire, if it is in order, to submit a
motion. It is that when the Senate, sitting for
the trial of the impeachment, adjourn to-day, it
adjourn to Saturday next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. CAMERON. I want to say that the
motion was made against my judgment for
clearing the galleries; but it was agreed to. I
perceive that the galleries are not yet cleared ;
and until that order is carried out I will not
consent to any business.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
sees nobody in the galleries.
Mr. CAMERON. The persons I refer to
are behind the Chief Justice. (Referring to
the reporters' gallery.)
The CHIEF J UST1CE. Does the Senator
from Pennsylvania object to 
Mr. CAMERON. No; but I desire that
your order shall be carried out.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
is informed that the reporters who "occupy the
reporters' gallery are still there. Is it the
pleasure of the Senate that they shall remain?
Mr. CONNESS. I renew the motion for a
recess.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
desires to execute the will of the Senate pre-
cisely, and wishes to understand what it is.
The Senator from Pennsylvania has very prop-
erly called the attention of the Chief Justice
to the fact that the reporters still remain in the
galleries. Is it the pleasure of the Senate 
Several Senators. They are all out now.
They are all gone.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Then the order is
completely executed. The Chair will now
recognize the Senator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. I move a recess.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. CONNESS. If it is manifestly not the
judgment of the Senate, of course I do not
want the question put.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the Senator
withdraw his motion?
Mr. CONNESS. 1 withdraw it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Morrill,] that when the Senate, sitting as a
court of impeachment, adjourn to-day, it ad-
journ to meet on Saturday next at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cragin, Dixon,
Dooiittle, i'essenden, Fowler, Frelmghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Howard, Johnson,Morrillot'Maine,Nor-
ton, Patterson of NewIIampshire, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Ross, Saulsbnry, Sprague, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, and Wiiley—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Camoron, Chandler,
Conklintr, Conness, Corbett, l)avis, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Harlan, Hendricks, Ho^e,McUreery, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Jsye, Pomeroy, ltamsey,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner. Thayer,Tipton, Viekers,
Williams."Wilson, andYates—29.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bayard. Cole, and Wade—3.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that when the
court adjourns it adjourn to meet on Friday
next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Vermont if he will not postpone his motion
until we settle the question of the amount of
debate to be allowed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My motion is that when
the court adjourns to-day it adjourn to the time
named.
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer to settle the other
question. After that is settled I will vote to
adjourn over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For the time being then,
Mr. President, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a pending reso-
lution, offered, I think, by the Senator from
Vermont himself, on that subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
settling those questions first; indeed, I think
it better that we should do so.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I would
suggest that there were several orders that were
expressly postponed to the close of the argu-
ment. They are, therefore, naturally at this
moment in order.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for the regular
order of business, Mr. President.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The first order of
business is the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds,] that the official report-
ers take report of the debates upon the final
question when the doors shall be closed for
deliberation, to be printed in the proceedings.
This refers to the closing of the doors for de-
liberation on the final question. The Secretary
will read the order and the amendments to it.
The Chief Clerk. The order submitted by
