56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
8
Mr. LOGAN. I understood so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made no
sucli motion.
Mr. LOGAN. I was misinformed, then. I
take it back.
Mr. VASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made no
such motion, and I did not know to whom iny
colleague referred.
Mr. LOGAN. I thought you did; and that
was the reason I referred to yon.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being upon concurring
in the resolution of the Senate, upon which the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 26, not vot-
ing 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Asliley, James M. Ashley, Axtell. Bailey,
Baker, B.mks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
liam, Blaine, Blair, Boutwcll, Broomall, Buckland,
Cake, C.iry, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodec, Donnelly, Driggs, Eck-
loy, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fcrriss, Ferry,
Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Ilalsey, Hamilton, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, llill, Higby, lloopcr, Hopkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Iielley, Kelsey,
Ketcbam, Ivoontz, Lailui, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan. Loughridgc, Lynch,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Jlaynard, McCarthy,
McClurg, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mul-
lins, Mungeu, Myers, Newcoinb, Xunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Paino, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley,
Price, Kendall, Robertson, Sawyer, Shanks, Sit-
roaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F.
jtevcns.Thaddcus Stevens, Stewart, Taylor, Thomas,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Acrnaui, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elihu 11. Wasliburne. llenry X). Wash-
burn, Welkor, AVilliam Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—126.
NAYS — Messrs. Archer, Beck, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, lildridgo, Gctz, Glossbrenner, Grover, Hol-
man, Ilotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Morgan, Niblack, Nicholson,
Phelps, Pruyn, Robinson, Ross, Taber, Van Auken,
and iVoodward—26.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Baldwin, Barnes,
Bnrnum, Bromwcll, Butler, Chanler, Finney, Fox,
Gnswold, Haight, Kitchen, Knott. Logan, McCul-
lougb, Mcrcur, Morrisaey, Poland, Pomeroy, Raum,
Schenek, ScofieUl,Selye. Shellabarger, Stokes, Stone,
TafFe, Twichell, Burt Van Horn. Ward, William B.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, Wood, and Win-
do'.u—34.
So the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution of the Senate was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I call up the report of the Committee
of Elections in the case of the third congres-
sional district of Kentucky. I ask that the
resolutions reported by the committee be read.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That George D. Blakey is not entitled to
a sent in this House as a Representative from the
thiid congressional district in Kentucky.
Revolved, That tbo oath of office bo now adminis-
tered to J. S. Golladay, and that he bo admitted to a
seatin this House as a Representative from the third
oougre.-sional district in Kentucky.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I will content
myself with a simple statement of this case,
and then, if no one desire3 to speak upon it, I
will ask a vote.
The claimant, Blakey, claims to have been
elected to this seat at the regular election for
Representatives in Congress in Kentucky on
the 4th day of May last. The claimant Gol-
laday claims to have been elected to this seat
at a special election held subsequently thereto,
on the 7th day of August last. It therefore
became necessary, first, to inquire into the
legality of the claim of Blakey, without regard
to the claim of Golladay.
Blukey claims to have been elected to this
Beat upon the grounds which I will state. At
the election on the 4th day of May last he and
the late Elijah Hise were the only candidates
▼oted for. The vote at that election stood as
follows: for Mr. Hise, 7,740; for the claim-
ant, 1,201. The election was held on the 4th
day of May. According to the law of Kentucky
the board of canvassers, who^e duty it was to
count the votes and certify the result, met on
the 27th day of May. Previous to their meet-
ing, and four days after the election, to wit, on
the 8th day of May, Mr. Hise, who had received
seven thousand and odd votes, deceased. It is
claimed by Mr. Blakey that when the board of
canvassers met on the 27th day of May, he being
the only living person for whom votes had been
cast for Representative in Congress, it was the
duty of the canvassers to have certified that he
had a majority of the votes cast at that elec-
tion and that he is entitled to hold and retain
the seat. I merely state the proposition. The
views of the committee upon that proposition
are set forth in a document which has been
before the House for some days, being report
No. 1 of this session of Congress. It is suffi-
cient for the purpose of the committee that I
simply state this claim.
The second ground upon which Mr. Blakey
claims the seat is this: by the law of the State
of Kentucky the officers of election are all to
be appointed in the month of May previous to
the day of election by the county courts in the
several counties.
A subsequent law require* this county court,
in the appointment of these officers of elec-
tion, to distribute them among the two polit-
ical parties, if such there be, in the State of
Kentucky; so that each party shall have more
or less of these judges of election at each pre-
cinct in the State, provided there are in each
precinct such persons of that political party.
It is claimed by Mr. Blakey that in eleven of
the twelve counties which compose that con-
gressional district this law was disregarded by
the county judges; and that in the appoint-
ment of the officers of election the law was
complied with in only one county, while in the
others the great majority, if not all of the offi-
cers of election were taken from the party to
which the opposing candidate, Mr. Iiise, be-
longed.
Mr. Blakey did not prove beforo the com-
mittee that there did exist in the several pre-
cincts members of his own party from whom
these appointments could have been made.
But the committee heard him upon the ques-
tion whether, if he had already proved this
much, he would still be entitled to the seat.
I The committee were of opinion that, assuming
' there were in each of the precincts persons
belonging to each of the political parties, so
that the county judges could, if they were so
disposed, comply with the letter of the law,
' and assuming that the non-compliance with
! the law would make void the election in any
precinct where the failure to comply with it
existed, still the result which he claimed,
namely, his own election to this seat, would
not follow.
The reason briefly is this: Mr. Blakey claims
that this non-compliance with the law existed
in eleven of the twelve counties, and that out
of the nearly nine thousand votes cast at this
, election only seven hundred and odd of them
were cast in conformity to this law; and that
, of that seven hundred and odd, he received a
majority of nineteen. And the claim is that the
committee shall set up and the House shall
sanction the proposition that these seven hun-
dred votes out of the nearly nine thousand
' vtftes shall be considered as the result legflWy
of the election in that district, and that the
choice of a Representative for that district shall
be ghen to the nineteen majority out of seven
hundied votes in the whole vote of a few short
of nine thousand.
! The committee were of opinion, assumingto
be true all that Mr. Blakey claimed touching
the law, that it would not follow that any such
election could be set up, but that it would be
the duty of the House to hand back this elec-
tion to the people, and permit them again, in
conformity to law, to make choice of their Rep-
resentative ; and that if that conclusion follow,
it had been done at the special election held
in August.
The third point upon which Mr. Blakey
claims his seat is this : that Mr. Hise was
known in his district to be disloyal, and was
voted for by rebels and rebel sympathizers;
and on the other hand that he himself was
known to be loyal and was voted for by the
loyal voters in the district. Upon this point
no evidence was offered to the committee, and
no reason was given why there was a failure
to support that allegation by evidence. The
committee were of the opinion that they were
not authorized, nor would the House be author-
ized, to assume that any person claiming to be
elected a member of this House was disloyal
but that it was necessary to support by testimony
any such allegation as .was made in this memo-
rial ; they therefore came to the conclusion that
they were not called upon to pass on the other
proposition made by Mr. Blakey; that if Mr.
Hise was disloyal it would follow that all the
votes cast for him should be treated as a nul-
lity, and therefore Mr. Blakey would stand
elected.
The committee, therefore, have not found it
necessary to pass upon that proposition, and
they considered it their duty not to pass upon
it for this reason: that it was not necessary to
pass on that question, and there being other
claimants to seats in this House upon similar
grounds, there seemed to the committee to be
a propriety in their hearing all parties upon
that point before a decision upon it was asked
of the House. Therefore, upon the three points
and propositions of the claimant, Mr. Blakey,
the committee were unanimously of the opinion
that he was not entitled to this seat. There
being no reason why the claimant, Mr. Golla-
day, should not be admitted to the seat except
this claim of Mr. Blakey, it followed, in the
opinion of the committee, that Mr. Golladay
was entitled to be sworn in. Therefore it is
that the committee have recommended these
two resolutions to the House. I f no gentleman
desires to be heard upon the question, I hope
the House will come to a vote upon the reso-
lutions at once.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, the claim-
ant, Mr. Blakey, desires to address the House,
and has prepared himself with that view. It
certainly is not the usage of this body to reject
any applicant unheard. I trust Mr. Blakey
will be allowed to address the House at the
present time.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to press the
demand for the previous question now if any
gentleman desires to be heard.
Mr. PAINE. The House yesterday unani-
mously consented that Dr. Blakey and his
opponent should address the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wis about to
state the fact that the House has already granted
its consent that Mr. Blakey and Mr. Golladay
shall address the House.
Mr. BLAKEY. Mr. Speaker, profoundly
grateful for the courtesy in admitting me to the
temporary privileges of a seat on this floor as
a claimant of a seat, and especially for the
privilege now extended of being heard in this
behalf, I have only to say that as an earnest of
my high appreciation of this privilege I promise
to consume no more public time than seems
essential to do justice to the ponderous inter-
ests involved, and in entering upon a duty so
responsible would respectfully ask that you
hear me for my cause and respect me for the
honor of my constituents.
When, in the course of human events, the
loyal element of a loyal district knocks at the
door of the Council House of this great nation
through a loyal Representative and is told by a
committee to whom -his claims to recognition
have been referred that he cannot be admitted
a decent self-respect, added to a due deference
to the opinions of the committee and a high
appreciation for the opinions of this House
demand that the reasons for the obtrusion, if
you please so'to regard it, shall be given.
In coming before this august assemblage of
