1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1441
vevors are to do the work and wait for their
pay.
Mr. CONKLING. As well as I can under-
stand, then, this is a deficiency bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Inthenatureofadeficiency.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I must
say, as far as I can understand this bill—and I
admit ray understanding is quite imperfect—it
seems to me more and more that the bill should
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, in order to preserve the rule of the Sen-
ate and to effectuate the substantial idea of
that rule. Here is an appropriation which, in
a certain sense, might come, perhaps, properly
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, but I
do not see how in any way it can come from
the Committee on Public Lands. It is a de-
ficiency bill 
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator should be
aware that we have no rule requiring any bill
to be sent to the Committee on Appropriations
unless it be a, general appropriation bill. Under
our former rule a committee of the Senate
might move an amendment to a general appro-
priation bill proposing additional appropria-
tions. We have never operated much under
the present rule, but all it requires is that for
at least one day before a general appropriation
bill is called up the amendments which any
committee proposes to put upon it shall be
submitted to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. It provides more than
that; it provides that all general appropriation
bills shall go to that committee, and that all
amendments to general appropriation bills pro-
posing additional appropriations shall go to
that committee. My suggestion is that this bill,
in spirit and in truth, the part of it to which
the Senator now refers, is, for the purposes of
the rule, a general appropriation bill. It is a
deficiency bill.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is in one sense
an appropriation bill, inasmuch as it appropri-
ates money. In that sense it is an appropria-
tion bill; but we know technically what are
meant by thegeneral appropriation bills. Sen-
ators who had those bills in charge were embar-
rassed formerly because other committees, with-
out their knowledge, would spring amendments
to those bills. On that account we required
last year that all amendments to those bills
should be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations one day before they were offered in
the Senate, not that the Committee on Appro-
priations have any more facility for inquiring
into the propriety of an appropriation than the
particular committee which proposes it, not
that they have any more authority, but that
they shall have notice of it, so that it shall be
examined by them. That is the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
how that bill got to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. In this way: the Senator
from Iowa introduced the bill and had it
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was a wrong refer-
6i1c6.
Mr. CONKLING. And that committee
reported the bill back with these amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. We reported back the
bill referred to us and two additional sections,
by way of amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. And those are the ap-
propriation sections we are now discussing.
Those are presented entirely by way of amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. The first section makes
an appropriation also.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes; but one of these
additional sections makes an appropriation of
over $00,000, and that appropriation is pro-
posed by an amendment which originated in
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; and it was on
an estimate sent to us by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am quite indifferent as
to whether this bill is referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations or not, and perhaps,
upon an examination of the rule, the Senate
40th Ooxii. 2d -No. 91.
may think that it ought to go to that commit-
tee. I haye not the rule before me, and have
not examined it with that view: but it has
been suggested here that the Committee on
Public Lands assumed jurisdiction over a sub-
ject which did not belong to them. I respect-
fully beg leave to differ in opinion from those
who take that ground.
The Commissioner of the General Land
Office made certain contracts for surveying the
public lands of the United States, and per-
sons under those contracts proceeded and
made those surveys, and now they solicit their
pay for making surveys under those contracts:
and the question whether or not there were
any contracts made by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office with those persons is
a question to be examined, I suppose, by the
Committee on Public Lands, as it certainly
relates to the business of selling the public
lands of the United States. Whether those
persons performed their contracts or not is
another question that relates to the sale of the
public lands of the United States. Whether
they are entitled to compensation under those
contracts or not is another question which
relates to the sale of public lands; and all
these questions, it seems to me, are compe-
tent questions for the Committee on Public
Lands to consider and decide. When this bill
was referred by order of the Senate to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands they supposed that it
was within their jurisdiction, as certainly the
surveys of the public lands, the mode and
manner in which they shall be surveyed, and
all the circumstances attending their survey,
are proper subjects for consideration by that
committee. They considered this subject care-
fully. They referred the matter two or three
different times to the Interior Department, and
they obtained specific statements from that
Department as to these contracts, and as to
how and under what circumstances the work
had been performed; and in the judgment of
the committee, excluding many of the items
from the account submitted to them, the par-
ticular items now included in the bill ought to
be paid, as the work had been performed under
a contract of the Commissioner, and the men
are entitled to their money; and according to
the treaties with the Indians the United States
lose nothing by this appropriation.
The object of the committee was to see that
these men were not paid more than they had
actually earned under the terms of the con-
tracts ; and, after examination of the contracts
and the statement of the account, the commit-
tee were satisfied that these men had earned
this money according to the contracts with the
Commissioner of the General Land Office and
were entitled to their pay. And so the com-
mittee have provided in this bill for their pay-
ment. The treaties provide, as I understand,
that out of the proceeds of these lands when
sold the United States is to be indemnified.
Now, if it is thought proper that this bill
should go to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, I have no objection in the world. I
simply wished to vindicate the action of the
Committee on Public Lands. It may be
proper enough now that the bill should go to
the Committee on Appropriations. That is
for the Senate to decide.
Mr. HENDERSON. The first section of
this bill, which is all the original bill as pre-
sented by the Senator from Iowa, I think very
properly went to the Committee on Public
Lands. To have the matter properly under-
stood by the Senate I should refer to the treaty
with the Osage Indians. The treaty was ori-
ginally made in 1865, but was not ratified by
the Senate until January, 1867. The Osage
Indians lived in the southern part of the State
of Kansas. They had a district of land fifty
miles wide by two hundred and forty miles
long. It was two hundred and forty miles from
east to west and fifty miles north and south.
There are not more than about three thousand
of those Indians, and of course they had no
use for such an immense district of land. They
were very poor. In 1865 a treaty was made
with them by which they agreed, to give thirty
miles off the eastern end of the tract, that is,
a district thirty miles by fifty miles. They
made an absolute sale of thirty by fifty miles,
making about nine hundred thousand acres, I
believe, to the United States, for which we
agreed to pay them $300,000. That was an
absolute transfer, and the Indians have no fur-
ther interest in those lands. It is not worth
while to read the' provision because I have
stated it sufficiently.
After having in the first article of the treaty
conveyed this thirty by fifty mile tract it Was
further provided in the same article that the
lands should be surveyed and sold under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior on
the most advantageous terms for cash, as pub-
lic lands are surveyed and sold under existing
laws ; but no preemption claim or homestead
settlement shall be recognized ; and after re-
imbursing the United States the cost of said
survey and sale and the said sum of $300,000
be placed to the credit of said Indians, the re-
maining proceeds of sale shall be placed in the
Treasury of the United States to the credit of
the civilization fund, to be used under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior for
the education and civilization of Indian tribes
residing "within the limits of the United
States."
The Indians, of course, have no further in-
terest in these lands thus conveyed, unless it
be the interestwhich they hold in whatis termed
the civilization fund. After all the expenses
of the survey and sale of the lands are paid
and the $300,000 are placed to the credit of
the Indians in the Treasury, on which we are
now paying five per ccnt. every year, the bal-
ance of the proceeds is to go to the credit of
the civilization fund for the benefit of all the
Indians.
After that was done it was supposed that
the Indian reservation was still too large ; that
is, that the Indians had more land than they
could use, and therefore it was further stipu-
lated that twenty miles of the northern end of
this Indian reservation should be given to the
United States in trust, to be sold by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, the funds to belong to
the Indians.
Thus the Senate will see that the first grant
of lands in the treaty was absolute, and the
second was in trust. The lands they gave us
in trust were twenty miles by two hundred and
ten, which we were to sell for the benefit of
the Indians. It was provided that this land
was to be held in trust for said Indians, and to
be surveyed and sold for their benefit by the
Secretary of the Interior under such rules and
regulations as he may from time to time pre-
scribe, under the direction of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, as other lands are
surveyed and sold. All proceeds of such sales
as they accrue, after deducting all expenses
incident to the proper execution of the trust,
to be placed in the Treasury of the United
States to the credit of said tribe of Indians,
and the interest thereon at the rate of five per
cent, per annum shall be expended for their use.
These Indians, as I say, have no interest in
the first section of this bill, but in the third
section they have a deep interest. They have
some reason to complain if large appropria-
tions, larger than they ought to be, are made
for the survey of these lands. Now, I would
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands whether the entire survey of
these lands has been made; or whether the
survey of the Osage trust lands has been com-
pleted. I was upon this reservation in Octo-
ber last, and my information was that very
little of'the surveying of the twenty-mile strip,
if any of it, had been done.
Mr. POMEROY. It has all been done. I
have examined every one of those contracts
myself, so as to see how they were made. The
last contract was made on the 28th of May,
1867, with Samuel S. Smoot.
Mr. HENDERSON. That was for the sur-
\ey of the thirty by fifty mile tract?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes. sir. Whenthiseom-
