1867.
THE OWGRESSIOXAL GLOBE.
W
wisdom and patriotism in the discharge of so
responsible an obligation, so fraught with in- !
terest to the present and unborn generations, I
feel that it is truly unfortunate for me as well
as others that the task had not devolved upon
oue more competent to the great interests
involved.
I confess to a great degree of embarrassment
, on this occasion, not though because of the
existence of a doubt upon ray mind as to the
paramount rights of the loyal element of my
district (whose representative I have the honor
to be) to be represented, but because of the fact
that the small number, comparatively speaking,
who took the hazard of casting their votes for
me lias suggested doubts as to my rights and
the rights of the loyal men of my district; and
while I confess to regret that the number is so
small I rejoice that in view of all the ^disabili-
ties and dangers that environ them that the
number is so large. I rejoice, too, in the fact
that the small vote cast for me gives ample tes-
timony that I have not found favor in the sight
of that national felon, the Democratic party.
I am before you, gentlemen, from a district
which may emphatically be recognized as a
territorial district. When it is remeVnbered
that Bowling Green, the center or capital of
the third congressional district, was also the
capital of the provisional government of Ken-
tucky, when in 1801-62 rebels and traitors held
undisturbed possession and control over not
only the third district but large portions of
other districts of the State—there they had
their constitution, their governor, their legis-
lature, and their judiciary ; there they gave and
executed laws and edicts with as arbitrary and
absolute power as they did at either Montgom-
ery or Richmond ; there they set the laws of
the State and nation at defiance; there rebels
and traitors by hundreds and thousands have
been enfranchised since the close of armed
hostilities, while hundreds and thousands of
loyal men, most of whom hied at war's alarm
and rushed to the scenes of danger and of
death, are disfranchised, denied a voice in
those things which concern their lives, liberty,
and property—no marvel, then, that the little
band of loyal men in my district should send
up the Macedonian cry for help. They believe,
sir, that you have the right under the Consti-
tution to palsy the arm of every traitor in the
land, that he may be disabled from casting a
ballot; they believe, sir, that you have the
same right to enfranchise every loyal man in
the land, and that, posterity will not hold you
guiltless if you fail or falter in these things,
and that your early action in fulfilling your
engagements to guaranty to each State a
republican form of government is demanded.
For this the loyal men of my district have sent
me here.
It is not expected that I shall here or else-
where reflect the wishes of any save the loyal
men of my district. For this, and this alone, I
am here, claiming a seat under circumstances
which I believe is without a parallel in the his-
tory of our country. I come, sir, claiming the
seat by virtue of an original election, claiming
that the election held on the 4th day of May
last in the third and all other districts in Ken-
tucky for Representatives in the Fortieth Con-
gress_ was the only election for that purpose
held in the district or State sanctioned bylaw.
That election was held by virtue of an act of
the Legislature, and not by order of the Gov-
ernor. At that election Mr. Hise and I were
the only candidates. On the fourth day there-
after, namely, the 8th day of May, Air. Hise
committed suicide. At that time no certificate
of the result in the several counties had been
made out and sent to the examining board at
Frankfort, the place designated by the law for
ascertaining the result. Now, let nineteen
days pass by, during which Mr. Hise slept
the sleep that knows no waking, and we find
this examining board, composed of the Gov-
ernor, Secretary of State, &c., counting up the
votes, with the view of ascertaining the result.
Now, let it be borne in mind that thwlaw of
the State of Kentucky makes it the duty of
this board of examiners to make out three cer-
tificates of the result, filing one in the office at
Frankfort, sending one to the person elected,
and one to the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives. Did they do this? They did not;
they rather preferred to do the business that
belonged to others. Well, I think I have read
or heard of a man somewhere who by neglect-
ing his own and attending to thebusiness of
others squandered a fine estate ana bankrupted
a fine reputation.
Those gentlemen with the plain statute set-
ting out their duties; knowing, as they must
haveknown, that Congress, through its Speaker
alone, can determine or declare vacancies in
this House, refused to send the certificate to the
only person living for whom a single vote had
been cast. They assume or usurp the rights
| which belongs to Congress and declare a vacancy
I in this House, so certify to the Governor, and
! he issues a writ of election. I have often
thought that could the vail which concealed this
official board of dignitaries from the public gaze
'be drawn aside that a telling scene would
appear. The Governor in the chair might be
seen announcing the unwelcome fact that
though a large majority of the votes had been
cast for the late Mr. Hise, yet it is true, as
claimed by Mr. Blakey, he is the only living
person for whom votes were cast at that election.
Here the attorney general might be seen rising
with aletter in hand from Mr. Blakey, and asking
| the question as to Mr. Blakey's right and their
i duty in the premises. Objections were doubtless
| forcibly urged against a strict construction of
| this law. The effect would be most disastrous
I upon Our prospects in the North. Says one,
i it is known throughout the whole North that
Blakey is a radical Republican ; that he voted
and made speeches for Lincoln in 1860; that
he was a member of the convention which first
nominated him. Says another, it is equally
notorious that he voted for Fremont in 1856.
! Says another, nor is it less notorious that in
I 1852 he made abolition speeches and canvassed
I a large portion of the State as an electoral can-
' didate for Hale and Julian ; and in 1851 can-
j vassed the State as a candidate for Lieutenant
lj Governor on the ticket with C. M. Clay. Says
another, yes, and he was the emancipation can-
didate for the constitutional convention in 1849.
It would mark an epoch in our history if a
man with such a record were to obtain justice,
at the hands of a committee of Democrats,
whose chief delight in the past and at present
has been in dealing out bitter denunciations
against every political organization which has
looked to universal freedom as a cherished,
irresistible event, and whose-chairman omits
no opportunity to brand the party with which
I have been associated for twenty years as
rebels and traitors, and this House as an
unconstitutional body. I trust that I violate
no rule of this House or the committee-room
in alluding to what I deem a very extraordinary
scene which occurred in the committee-room,
to which, by invitation of the chairman, I
repaired some days since to state, as I supposed,
the grounds upon which my claim is based. I
was very soon followed by a Mr. Golladay and
Mr. Adams, both from Kentucky. With my
views as to the business of this committee of
this House you may imagine my surprise when
informed by the honorable chairman of the
committee that I could have an hour and Mr.
Golladay an hour to reply to me. Can it be
that Mr. Golladay, after having volunteered to
canvass several of the counties in the district
in Mr. Iiise's behalf previous to'the May elec-
tion, being the only man in the district who
attempted a reply to any speech I made in the
canvass, has now volunteered his services to
resist my claim before this House ?
What can a proceeding so extraordinary
mean? Can it be that he is here as the exec-
utor or administrator, with the will annexed,
of my late competitor, whose seat I intended
to contest had he lived? It may be that he is
here acting as attorney for the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. But my.competitor having died,
leaving me th« only person voted for at the
May election, (Mr. Golladay only known in
the canvass and election as an ardent sup-
porter, though a personal enemy, of Mr. Hise,)
throws around the proceeding a feature which
to my mind is without a parallel in parliament-
ary proceedings.
I did not understand Mr. Golladay in his
; brief reply to my remarks before the com-
mittee to allude to any claim or pretended
' claim which he set up to the seat. Nor do I
deem it necessary to say, here or elsewhere,
that he can possibly have no claim to the seat
j except a bogus claim, gotten up in a spirit of
utter contempt and defiance of the laws of
I Congress. I say this in no spirit of unkind-
| ness to Mr. Golladay, but out of a feeling
of deep solicitude that this House in preserv-
ing its dignity may preserve its self-respect.
By saying to Mr. Golladay's friends that
when their services are needed in conducting
the business of this House you will advertise
them of the fact, say to them :
" Their act did not o'ertake their bad intent;
Therefore must be buried as an intent,
Which perish'd by the way."
In a word, say to the rebel authorities and
voters of Kentucky, "Thus far shalt thou go,
and no farther."
I grant that with the construction which I
place upon the law nnder which I claim the
seat that abuses might arise. The same may be
said of many other laws. I beg the indulgence
of this House for a moment while I notice the
main objection in this case, which is, that a ma-
jority of the votes polled were cast against me.
Now, I submit to this House a question, the
solution of which may settle or throw some
light on this part of the subject. Suppose you
that Mr. Hise had lived, and that in due time
prescribed by law, say within thirty days after
he had received the ce#ificate of election, I
had served him with a notice to contest his seat
upon the ground of disloyalty, and that he,
fearing the result, had resigned to the Governor
of the State, would that impair my right to
contest the seat? Surely not. Suppose that
the Governor, regardless of my right to con-
test the election, thereupon assuming that I
have no rights in the premises, declares a va-
cancy and orders another election. In the
mean time I (acting under the counsel of the
best authority in Kentucky or in this House
that Congress has the exclusive right to declare
vacancies in all such cases) treat the proceed-
ings as are instituted by such assumption with
indifference; and when I come here am met
by a man claiming a seat by virtue of such
assumption, and by the ruling of the commit-
tee am required to recognize him as my peer.
Against such proceeding and such recognition
I deem it only necessary to enter my solemn
protest, and say to you here that if you adopt
this very novel precedent, and should here-
after find yourselves involved in trouble on
account thereof, I can say to you—
"Thou canst not say, I did it; never shake
Thy gory locks at me."
The Committee of Elections, whose report
I have just read, seem to have taken the same
view of the law of Kentucky as taken by the
board of examiners, namely, that they had only
to count the votes and certify the result. In this
conclusion I beg leave respectfully to dissent
from the opinions of both; for there is noth-
ing more clearly set forth as a duty of the board
than that they should " send a certificate to the
person elected.'' This duty, though, they did not
perform; but on the contrary declared a vacancy
in this House. In this they leave undone their
Own work, and without the slightest authority
or sianction of law, either State or national, do
the work which belongs exclusively to this
House.
And now, Mr. Speaker, it is in no cap-
tious spirit that I enter my solemn protest
against the recognition on the part of this
House of such an assumption, coming, as it
does, from a State whose people went largely
into the rebellion, and to this day have never
been conquered. Recognize this assumption
and you at once part with one of the dearest
