1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3489
person who produces distilled spirits* or whe brews
or makes mash, wort, or wash for distillation or for
the production of spirit", or who by any process of
vaporization separates alcoholic spirits fiom any fer-
mented substance, or who, making or keeping mash,
"wort, or wash, has also in his possession/>r use a still,
shall be regarded as a distiller: Provided, That no
tax shall bo imposed for any still, stills, or other ap-
paratus u'ed by druggists and chemists for tho re-
covery of alcohol for pharmaceutical and chemical
or scientific purposes which has been used in those
processes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by inserting just before the
proviso the following :
Provided, That a like tax of four dollars on each
barrel, containing forty gal Ions of proof-spirits to the
barrel,shall be assessed and collected from the owner
of any distilled spirits wliicli may be in any bonded
warehouse at the date of the taking effect of this act,
to be paid whenever the same shall be withdrawn
from such warehouse under the provisions of the
sixty-second section of this act.
I will explain iu a few words the object of
this amendment, which I have offered in pur-
suance of the instructions of the Committee
of Ways and Means. There is a special tax
provided in this paragraph upon distillers dis-
tilling fifty barrels a year or less of $200, and
four dollars per barrel on each barrel addi-
tional. This special tax amounts to ten cents a
gallon, and is in addition to the direct tax of
fifty cents. Then there is the capacity tax,
which will be some three and one third cents
per gallon, and the tax on sales, which, of
course, cannotnowbeestimated. We supposed
it would not be unfair, and so the committee
have decided to add at least as much as this
special tax on whisky in bond in order to make
the tax uniform so far as regards the distiller
and the owner of the bonded whisky. The
distiller who manufactures hereafter is not to
be charged the two dollars per gallon that dis-
tillers heretofore have been charged, but only
fifty cents per gallon. The tax on whisky now
in bond is also brought down to fifty cents per
gallon. And we propose to put the same special
tax of four dollars per barrel on that whisky
that is proposed to be put on whisky hereafter
distilled.
Mr. PAINE. I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read a communication relating to this sub-
ject which I have received from the firm of
Armour, Plankington & Co., who are beef and
pork merchants of the city of Milwaukee. They
also have a house in Chicago and another in
New York. It seems that they have Qn hand
about five thousand barrels of whisky in
bonded warehouses. Now, I have no knowl-
edge as to the particulars which they set forth
except what T derive from this letter. But I
can assure this committee that these gentle-
men are among the very first business men of
Wisconsin. They are not distillers or dealers
in whisky, but beef and pork packers. I invite
the attention of gentlemen to the facts and
figures they give. By their statement it would
seem that the expense incurred in storing and
keeping this whisky, together with the loss in
wastage, amounts usually to about sixteen
cents per gallon, just about the amount of the
additional tax laid by this bill over and above
the direct tax of fifty cents per gallon. I ask
the Clerk to read the letter.
The Clerk read as follows :
Officii of Armour, Plokington & Co.,
129 Bkoad Street,
New York, June 24. istss.
Dear Sir: Wehave noticed in the public journals
a movement, on foot to make a special tax on spirits
now in bond often cents per gallon, and wish to call
your attention to a few facts showing the injustice of
such aspecialtax. "We have held from necessity about
eighteen months some five thousand barrels of whisky
oil commission at an expense as follows, namely :
Storage and-labor eighteen months, 20@20c. ... 80
Insurance, 1 bbl„ average 5o gal., at4c.=$22 for
eighteen months, 2i per cent, per annum  82
Cooperage, 60e. per interest 7 per cent on
£22   2 91
Leakage and evaporation at 4 gal. per bbl. at
   1 60
Making a total cost per bbl. of _ $9 ]3
or over sixteen ccnts per gallon. In view of these
expenses incurred through lack of " Government pro-
tection" wo think this special tax very unjust, a.nd
would thank you to give it attention when brought up.
Yours, with ro^t^ plaNKINGTON & CO. j
Hon. II. E. Paine, V/mlnvgian. 1
40th Cong. 2d Ses3.—No. 219.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "bar-
rel," where it occurs the second time, the
words "and an additional tax of threS and
one third cents per gallon so that the pro-
viso will read:
Provided, That a like tax of four dollars on each
barrel containing forty gallons of proof-spirits to the
barrel and an additional tax of three and one third
cents per gallon shall be assessed and collected l'roni
the owner of any distilled spirits which may bo in
any bonded warehouse at the date of the taking
effect of this act.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] accept this as a modi-
fication of his amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly not.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Chairman, I wish
to explain to the committee what I understand
to be the reason for this additional tax. I
have fixed the additional tax at three and
Ojie third cents per gallon, which corresponds
exactly with the amount of tax now levied in
this bill upon distilled spirits according to the
capacity of the distillery; that is to say the
taxes altogether if this paragraph should be
adopted, will amount to sixty-three and one
third cents per gallon upon spirits to be here-
after distilled.
Now, there are certain spirits held in bond,
some having been so held one year, some two,
some three years, decreasing iu quantity while
thus stored, but increasing rapidly in value.
The letteT which has been read upon the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paixe] does not bear at all upon this question.
In spite of the storage, the leakage, the wast-
age, spirits kept in bond increase in value. It
will be seen that if this tax be omitted those
who have spirits in bond derive an advantage
from the policy of the Government in not tax-
ing old spirits in a sum corresponding to the
tax to be hereafter imposed upon new spirits.
For example, spirits waste, according to the
statement of that letter, at the rate of eight
gallons to the barrel in eighteen months; in
fact, by evaporation alone, about one gallon
and a half iu a year. These spirits when taken
out of bond will be regauged, so that a bar-
rel of spirits which when it went into bond
contained forty gallons, having been reduced
to thirty-five gallons by evaporation, will pay a
duty of sixty-three and one third cents per
gallon upon the thirty-five gallons only, while
the men who hereafter manufacture new spirits
will be obliged to pay the tax upon the new
spirits at the rate of forty gallons to the barrel,
thus paving tax upon five gallons more in each
barrel than the man who has held his spirits
two, three, or five years iu a bonded ware-
house, because the latter escapes the tax on
the amount which has been lost by wastage,
leakage, and everything of that kind; while
the value of the spirits has increased not in
proportion to the loss in measurement and the
expenses of keeping it from year to year, but
in a much greater proportion in consequence
of the increasing age of the spirits. New spir-
its are worth at the present time, minus the
tax, only thirty cents, the'cost of manufacture,
while old spirits which have been iu bond two,
three, or fr. e years, are worth from three to
seven dollars a gallon over and above the tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I did hope
that we should derive some tax within a hun-
dred days from the large amount of whisky
now in bond ; but it has been the pleasure of
the House to dceide that we shall not get any-
thing from this source until next winter. But,
although I think a great deal has been gained
to the holders, owners, dealers, or distillers
who have whisky in bond, by the. extension of
the time to six months, still I believe it would
be a hardship to exact from them to the letter
all the taxes which may be calculated under
the bill now proposed. Thj special tax at
four dollars a barrel of forty gallons amounts,
as I have already stated, to just ten cents on
the gallon. The tax the gentleman proposes
also t.o add may be estimated at about three and
a half cents. It will be more on some whisky
and less on other whisky. Supposing whisky
on the average brings twelve quarts or three
gallons to the bushel and a tax of two dollars,
every twenty bushels of mash would be equiv-
alent of eourso to a tax of two .dollars on
every sixty gallons. I agree with the gentle-
man in that calculation ; but when the com-
mittee looked over the whole ground they rec-
ollected there is now little regular distilling.
It_ will not recommence, except slightly, at
this season. The heat of summer is most un-
favorable to distilling, and as distilling is not
likely to come into competition with the man
who has whisky in bond until late in the fall
or (she winter there is not much advantage in
the holder of whisky in bond over the distiller
in this matter of competition. Looking over
the ground the committee came to the con-
clusion while fifty cents was not a proper
charge upon this whisky in bond, being what
is the charge on whisky taken from the distill-
ery'warehouse, yet there ought not to be, in all
fairnessa, dded to that any more than ten cents,
which will bring it up to whisky in bond. If
this additional tax be extended to whisky in
bond as an equivalent for the special taxes
imposed on the distiller is to bo based on any
principle at all, as I think it is, that principle
is, if you did not impose it, it would give the
advantage to the dealer in whisky in bond*
and give him the control of the market.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Boutwell's amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. Schexck's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
clause as amended.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to move an amend-
ment to perfect the clause.
The CHAIRMAN. That is first in order.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In line seven, after the
word "barrels," I move to insert as follows:
And the amount of said tax upon alcohol and rum
shall bo allowed as drawback mien said articles are
exported; this diawback t,o be in addition to til®
drawback of fifty cents per gallon in this act other-
wise allowed; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to proscribe such rules and regula-
tions as maybe necossary to carry the provision into
effect.
Mr. Chairman, it will be recollected that the
previous amendment in reference to drawback,
which the committee adopted, limited it to
fifty cents, the amount of direct tax. This
paragraph imposes an additional tax of ten
cents a gallon on distillation of whisky. The
amendment I have offered will allow drawback
on alcohol and rum to the amount imposed by
this section, to wit: ten cents per gallon in ad-
dition to that allowed by the previous section.
The effect of this is to give sixty cents, while
the aggregate paid is sixty-three and one third,
which makes a difference against the exporter
of three and one third cents. If the amend-
ment is not adopted I think the action of the
committee is equivalent to the abolition of the
export trade altogether, for the export trade
cannot stand a differential duty of thirteen and
one third cents per gallon. I will say this is
but an indirect way of enacting an inhibition
of exportation. To impose atax of sixty-three
and one third cents and grant a drawback of
only fifty cents is equivalent to a tax against
exportation of thirteen and one third cents
per gallon. I think the committee ought to
deal fairly with this question. Either we
should provide a drawback which allows this
business to be carried on, or we should say dis-
tinctly that on grounds of public policy we will
abolish exportation of this article altogether.
I will say, so far as my experience of this busi-
: ness extends, that a drawback of fifty cents,
with a tax of sixty-three and one third cents,
I is an abolition of the export trade of this art-i-
; cie. Therefore I hope my amendment will be
agreed to.
! Mr. PRICE. This is the same proposition
! that we have had before us this morning once
1 before, and which we have voted down. I do
| not suppose it is necossary to make much of an
argument in reference to the proposition, be-
ll cause the question has been fully and fairly
