1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4513
I have mentioned only a few points con-
nected with this individual. The records are
full of his atrocities. It was not my wish to
assail. I sought not this contest. It was pre-
pared for me, and I could not avoid it; hence
I will do no more than I deem proper. I
have toiled through too many years of honest
conflict to suffer my reputation to be aspersed
without an effort to vindicate it. I shall not
see myself stricken down in passive submis-
sion to a being bloated by his own corrupt and
dishonorable passions. Nature says it is so.
She has stamped her impress upon him. He
is the last and highest expression of treachery
and mendacity that has made its appearance.
I shall not further pursue this theme. I will
trust my action on the trial to the just judgmf nt
of my countrymen, conscious that they will
do ample justice to motives, and that they will
inflict ample chastisement upon the wicked men
who sought to defeat the ends of justice and
convert the Senate of the United States into
a political guillotine. I have but one wish on
the subject, and that is the harmony and peace
of my country and the preservation of its in-
stitutions. These, I cannot but believe, were
endangered by the unhallowed effort made to
overawe and coerce the judgmentof Senators.
In less than ten years the returning sense of
justice of my countrymen will expunge the
articles of impeachment from the Journals of
the House. Passion, ambition, and vengeance
cannot long inflame the masses of men. To
their solemn and revered decision I will sub-
mit with the same cheerfulness that I have been
accustomed to meet all the duties of life.
Mr. IIOSS. AIr. President, ii. is now between
two and three months that a committee ap-
pointed for that purpose by the House of Rep-
resentatives has been engaged in an investiga-
tion of charges of bribery against members of
the Senate in connection with the trial of the
impeachment of the President. As one of the
Senators who have fallen under the displeasure
of the House, and against whom that body has
diligently sought proof of corruption, I have
repeatedly and earnestly expressed a desire for
a most thorough and speedy examination into
and report upon these accusations. That desire
was amply manifested in the following remarks
upon this subject, submitted to the Senate a few
days after the final adjournment of the court,
in which I denounced the accusations, and de-
manded an investigation ; and for fear of that
unnecessary delay and perversion of fact which
has ensued I then submitted a resolution to
the Senate, in connection with my remarks, for
the raising of a committee of its own members,
that if possible a more speedy and searching
examination might be had :
"Mr. President,since tho vote taken in this Cham-
ber on UicIGUi instant, which resulted in the acquit-
tal ot the President ot the charge of a high misde-
meanor in oliice, set out in the eleventh articlo ot'
impeachment, tho whole country has been tilled with
rumors ot bribery and coiruiition ou the part of
members of this body. Were these rumors coniincd
to street or bar-room gossip they might not be wortny
the notice of the benate ; but tire House of licpre-
sentatives hasdeeured them of sufficient importance
to preuicate official action on them, and since the
date ot that vote the board ot managers have been ;
in daily session, proseouting investigations on this j
subject. .
" These charges are calculated to affect the honor i
of the Senate, and as they iiave received from the |
House of Representatives sueh marked and pro- .
tracted attention it is becoming in the Senate to take -
notico ot them. An investigation is due from the '
Senato to its own high character, to its aceused mem-
bers, and to the American people. !
"if there be on this floor a Senator who has re-
ceived or offered or agreed to take a bribe of any
nature whatever to convict or acquit the President,
let hitn be proved guilty before a committee of his
peers and expelled.
"If thoro bo one who has yielded his convictions
to thieats, let us expose the coward to the merited
contempt and scorn of a courageous people.
"If there be one who has attempted to bully or
bribe a fellow-Senator, let us know the fact, and de-
termine whether he is a fit associate for us in this
high Council Chamber.
" But if none of these offenses have marred the
dignity of this great trial, let the calumnies which
the tongues and pens of ten thousand slanderers
have scattered broadcast over the land be dispelled,
and let the purity and dignity of the American Sen-
ate, and of the humblest as well as oi the highest of
its members, be vindicated by its own aot. •
40th Cong. 2d Sbss —No. 283.
I have borne m silence until now assaults on my
character and motives as a. member of the court,such
as few, if any, of my associates have endured. I do
not allude to the fierce storm of party denunciation
which burst over the heads ot tho seven Republicans
who voted * not guilty,'for that was anticipated, and
I was prepared for it, The peltings of that storm I
have borne with equanimity, conscious that I had
performed a just and worthy act, and confident that
the developments of time would bring an ample vin-
dication of my condu.t against the charges of infi-
delity to my party and the country. I allude to tho
charges of bribery in its various forms, now being
exaimnedby the managers of tho impeachment in
secret session. X allude to scandals which havebccn
deliberately concocted by those urging tho cause of
impeachment, and repeated threats of assassination,
all brought with the view of afioeting my action in
favor of the conviction of the President.
"Believing tho trial would soon end, I have thus
far submitted in silence to these accusations and as-
saults, rather than provoke a controversy in thokSen~
ate as to matters then pending before the court. But
the trial is now ended, and I havo something to say
in vindication of my conduct during it, which it is
both my right and my duty to say.
"At the beginning of the trial of this cause I was
sworn by die Ohicf Justice of the Supreme (Jouit of
tho United States, as a member ot the court ot im-
peachment, to do 'iuipartialjustice to Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, according to tho
Constitution and laws.' I had been, and still am, an
earnest opponent of the reconstruction policy of his
administration. I thought, as I still think, that
policy in many most important particulars, unwise
and injurious to the best interests of the country. I
longed, and still long, for such changes in the admin-
istration ot tho Government as would confonu it to
the views of the dominant party of the country, and
to the reconstruction policy of Congress. Bui Lcould
not, with the light then before inc, declare the Pres-
ident guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors on
mere differences as to governmental policy. I sought
to divest my mind ot ail party prejudice, hoar the
accusations and the evidence, and endeavored to
cast my vote in the cause with the candor and courage
of an honest judge.
" In this spirit I discharged my duty as a member
of the court ol impeachment. I voted to admit <ill
tho evidence offered by both tho prosecution and the
defense, so that tho Senate, sitting as a court and
jury, as judges of law and fact, might sift it ail and
duteimiuo tnu cause with no fact shut out, by tech-
nical rule which bore on the guilt or innocence of the
accused; and when 1 voted on the several articles of
impeachment I cast out oi thescale, as iar as I was
able, all mere party considerations, and weighed
the cause as the Constitution and laws and my oath
demanded.
"I do not claim tho attention of the Senate to-day
in order to vindicate tho wL-doni of my votes. Tnc
law and the evidence applicable to the several arti-
cles have been ably discu&sed by the managers on
the part of the House, by the couascl for the Presi-
dent, and by tho lawyers of tho Senate, and any ar-
gument from mo would bcegotistic, superfluous, and
now out ot time. X ask the attention of the Senate
to assert the integrity of my conduct as one of the
judges in the trial; to denounce falsehoods set afloat
affecting my honor as a Senator; to demand ot the
Senate that all charges of improper influences brought
to bear on Senators during the late trial be openiy
and thoroughly investigated by the Senate and not
be committed to the secret investigation, but public t
criticism of the boaid oi piosecutois appointed by i
the House. I challenge any man or board to appear >
before this Senate or lis committee and cxhibitaccu- ;
sationsor evidence against me; and, linahy, to give j
notice that when thatcommittee is appointed, Xshdll •
move the Senate to cali on the House tor copics of i
all the testimony taken by its board of managers j
under the resolution of the 16th instant, &o thatif j
any evidence ot corrupt practices by or toward any i
Senator, whether he be one of those voting lor or j
agamst conviction, be in possession ot the board, it
may not fail to be brought to tho attention of tho
Senate.
44 As a foundation for the charge of bribery brought
against me it is claimed that X assured my colleague
repeatedly, and up to the day ot tho vote, that I
would vote lor couviotioii on the eleventh article:
that he had my pledge in writing to that effect, to-
gether with that of iiurly-fivo other Senator^; and
that I suddenly and unaccountably, cxeept upon tho
supposition ot bribery, changed my determination in
a singie night. It the assertion ot fact were true, the
intcrcncc were monstrously uniair. Whoamongyou,
Senators, anxious to keep his oatn and do impartial
justice, was at ail times Iree from doubt? The hon-
oraole Senator from West Virginia. [Mr. "VVilley,]
in a card published on the 25th instant m the i
papers of this city, says that ho and his colleague
were in doubt as to the eleventh article until the week
of thejudgment. ami rhat he was led by the anuour/. ed
opinion ot the Chief Justice on tliemanner ot taking
the vote on that article to vote for conviction, wnilo 1
his colleague was led by the same opinion to vote tor :
acquittal. I confess, as 1 am sure a largo part ot this ;
Senate might truthfully do, to having entertained
doubts about that and other articles until a tew days I
before the vote was taken, audi theniesolved the '
question in my own mind by giving to my country i
the benefit of my doubts. 1 do not deny that it has j
been my intention to support a portion ot the articles !
of impeachment, nor that I have given numbers of |
those who approached me on that, snbiect ru under- ;
stand that such was my intention. But, sir, does '
that deb.tr me irom changing that purpose when I .
become convinced that a wrong ia to bo perpetrated :
by carrying it out? Is it an uncommon thing- for :
men's minds to be changed with the lapse of time and
the further development of the questions at issue?
"But no man ever.hgd froxn me a positive assur-
ance that I would vote cither for conviction or ac-
quittal on that article* or either of the other articles
voted on prior to Thursday, the 14th instant.
'That rny colleague had no such assurance, but
was fully informed of my position upon those arti-
cles, will be amply shown upon the investigation
contemplated by this resolution by tho testimony of
Senators on both sides of the question of impeach-
ment.
44 Mr. President, X have been no summer soldier,
no sunshine patriot. I was baptized in politics in tho
old abolition party of 1834, when but fifty thousand
men m the United States dared to say that they were
tneiriendsoftheslave, and bore my share of the whips
and scorn which fell to tho lut of its members before
nnu-slaveryism became a popular and lucrative pro-
fession. X led a colony to Kansas in 1856, and there
struggled with success to check the spread oi slavery:
and ngain, when rebellion threatened tho nation's
lUe, I entered the ranks of tho Union Army as a pri-
vate soldier and earned the flag until slavery was
destroyed and the authority of the national Govern-
ment reestablished. X have never labored or fought
for plunder, My hands have no dishonorable stain
upon them, No man can point to a single instance
where I have wavered in the maintenance of my con-
victions, whether in the battled front or the polem-
ics of the forum. Always poor in this world's goods,
X have contentedly worked and fought for the estab-
lishment of principles which I believed to be benefi-
cent to my lellow-man and to my country; andwith-
out egotism I may challenge any honorable Senator
hero to produce a record ot servicc, iu civil or mili-
tary life, freer to this moment from all stains of sel-
fishness or blot of dishonor than that which I now
proudly look back upon and call my own.
"Mr. President, Xfeel that this chargo is heralded
over the land and evidence ostentatiously sought to
sustain it to make mo a scapegoat for the egregious
blunders, weaknesses, and hates which hare charac-
terized this whole impeachment movement; itself a
stupendous blunderfrom its inception to the present
time. X have been singled out as the object of as-
sault, doubtless because I am a new member here,
unskilled in debate, unknown to national politics,
and comparatively without the means of seif-de-
fonso possessed by abler and more experienced mem-
bers. X am conscious of these disadvantages, as well
as of the strength and malignity of my accusers.
They have to-day at their back a large mnjorit.y of
tho great patriotic party to which they and 1 belong,
with nearly a 1 its machinery of vengeance; while I
have but a feeble voice here, backed, however, by
th.it never-failing souice of strength, my own con-
sciousness of reditudc aud patriotic, honest purpose.
Bet them do their worst. There is a just people be-
hind us all who constitute the court of )a«t resort, in
which all our acts are tried and judged. Dearly as X
value my hard-earned reputation—the chief prop-
erty oi'myselt.my wife,and mychildren—profoundly
as X apprcciatc my weakness and the sticngth of my
accuseis, X am upheld by a consciousness of recti-
tude which no power can shake, and I bid defianco
to^them and their calumnies.
44Mr. President, X desire to offer a substitute for
the resolution now pending.
"Thar a committee be appointed by the President
of tho Senate, to be composed of three Senators,
whose duty it shall be to inquire whether improper
or corrupt means have been used, or attempted to
i o used, to influence ihe vorcs of the members of the
Senate in the trial of the impeachment of the Pres-
ident; and that the said committee be authorized
and empowered to send for persons and papers, and
to do ail things that in their judgment injy bo neces-
sary for the furtherance of the object of the resolu-
tion."
That committee, though appointed at ray
urgent solicitation, has not yet commenced its
investigations, and though its members have
been repeatedly requested by me to do so [
have now no hope that it ever will. At my
own request, also, a majority of the committee
was composed of gentlemen who were sup-
posed to be actively and zealously in iavor of
the impeachment, and who were understood to
believe the charges of corruption which were
so freely aud confidently circulated against
some who differed with them in that matter.
i had hoped that we would long since have
been furnished with a complete report of the
operations of this committee, with nothing
held back, nothing put down in extenuation
i of the short-coming of those, if any,who might
| be found to have been swayed by any influ-
ences whatever, from the distinctive line of
senatorial and judicial propriety. Up to this
| time, however, now at the close of the session,
i no such report has been given us. It is true
I we had laid upon our desks a few days ago a
report in part of the testimony taken by the
committee of the House, bot whiehin fact
consists of little else, after ransacking the
mails and telegraphs and carefully collating
the gossip of the street and the bar-room for
testimony against the accused benators, alter
the employment of aU the means known to a
