2466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May M,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved lo
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
-Ihe latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION Blr.L.
Mr. BtJTLER, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (1073) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June SO, 1869 ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, made the special order for
Saturday next, and from day to day until dis-
posed ofc
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence after to-morrow was granted
to Mr. Eckley.
EXPENSES OF LEGAL SERVICES.
TheSPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with House reso-
lution of the 11th of February, statements of
amounts paid during each year since 1860 for
legal services, &c. ; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. JENCIvES. I ask consent to report
back from the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment a bill (H. R. No. 948) to regulate the
civil service of the United States and promote
the efficiency thereof. I wish to submit some
remarks to the House in favor of the bill with
the understanding that no action shall be taken
except to postpone its further consideration
to the 3d day of June next after the morning
hour.
No objection was made.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to say that per-
haps the minority of the committee desire to
make a report. X mention it now so that it
may be understood that we reserve that right.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask that the bill may be
printed in the Globe.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BENTON. I desire to state that I un-
derstood there was a division in the committee
on this bill, and 1 received notice to attend a
meeting of the committee to-morrow.
Mr. JENCKES. I call for no action this
afternoon.
Mr. BENTON. I desire to make a motion
to recommit, so as to give an opportunity for
reexamination in the committee.
Mr. JENCKES. I will make that motion
at the close of my remarks.
Mr. BENTON. Very well.
Mr. JENCKES, from the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, then reported a bill
to regulate the civil service of the United
States and promote the efficiency thereof.
The bill is as follows:
A bill to regulate the civil service ofthe United'States
and promote the efficiency thereof.
. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assern-
bled, Inat from and after the passage of this act
there shall be created a new department of the Gov-
ernmentof the United States, tobe called the depart-
ment ot the civil service; that the head of said
department shall be the VicePresidenfc of theUnited
States, or in case of a vacancy in said office, the
President of the Senate for the time being, who shall
be a member and president of the board of commis-
sioners hereinafter created, and shall perform all the
duties pertaining thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That hereafter all
appointments of civil officers in the several Depart-
ments of the service of the United States, except
postmasters and such officers as are or may be by law
required to beappointed by thePresident by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall be made
froor-those persons who shall have been found best
qualified tor the performance of the duties of the
offices to which such appointments are to be made,
in open and competitive examinations, to be con-
ducted as herein prescribed.
Sec. 3. Andbeitfurther enacted, That there shall be
appointed by tho President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a board of four commis-
sioners, who shall hold their offices ior the term of
five years, to be called tho civil service examination
board, among whose duties shall be tho fo.lowing:
First. To prescribo the qualifications requisite for
an appointment into each branch and grade of the
civil service of tho United States, having regard to
the fitness of each candidate in respect to age, health,
character knowledge, and ability for the branch ot
service into which he seeks to enter.
Second. To provide for tho examinations and pe-
riods and conditions of probation of all persons eli-
gible under this act who may present themselves for
admission into the civil service.
# Third. To establish rules governing the applica-
tions of such persons, the limes and places of their
examinations, the subjects upon which such exam-
inations shall be had. with other incidents thereof,
and the mode of conducting the same, and the man-
ner of keeping and preserving the records thereof,
and of perpetuating tho evidence of such applica-
tions, qualifications, examinations, probations, and
their result, as they shall think expedient. Such
rules shall bo so framed as to keep the branches of
tho civil service and tho different grades of each
branch, as also the records applicable to each branch,
distinct and separate. Tho sai-d board shall divide
the country into territorial districts for tho purpose
ofholdingexaminationsofapplicantsresident therein
and others, and shall designate some convenient and
accessible place in each district where examinations
shall bo held.
Fourth. To examine personally, or by persons by
them specially designated, the applicants for ap-
pointment into the civil service of theUnited States.
Fifth. To make report of all rules and regulations
established by them, and of a summary of their pro-
ceedings, including an abstract of their examina-
tions for the different branches of the service, annu-
ally, to Congress at tho opening of each session.
Sec. i. And be it further enacted. That all appoint-
ments to tho civil service provided for in this act
shall be made from those who have passed the re-
quired examinations and probations in the following
order and manner:
First. The applicant who stands highest in order
of merit on tho list of those who have passed the
examination and probation for any particular branch
and grade of the civil service shall have the prefer-
once in appointment to that branch and grade, and
soon, in the order of precedonce in examinations
and merit during probation to the minimum degree
of merit fixed by tho board for auch grade.
Second. Whenever any vacancy shall occur in any
grade of the civil service above tho lowest, in any
branch, the senior in the next lower grade may be
appointed to fill the samo, or a now examination
for that particular vacancy may be ordered, under
the direction of the department, of tho*c in the next
lower grade, and tho person found best qualified
shall bo entitled to tho appointment to till such
vacancy: Provided, That no person now in office shall
be promoted or transferred from a lower to a higher
grade unless he shall have passed at least one ex-
amination under this act.
Third. Tho right of seniority shall be determined
by the rank of merit assigned by the board upon the
examinations, having regard also to seniority in ser-
vice; but it shall at all times be in the power of the
heads of Departments to order new examinations,
which shall bo conducted by the board, upon due
notice, and according to fixed rules, and which shall
determine&eniority wi thregard to the persons ordered
to be examined, or in tho particular branch and grade
ofthosorvico to which such examinations shall apply.
Fourth. Said board shall have power to establish
rulesforsuchspeeial examinations,and also rules by
which any persons exhibiting partieularmeritin any
branch of the civil service may be advanced one or
more points in their respective grades,* and one-
fourth of the promotions may be made on accountof
merit, irrespective of seniority in service, such merit
to bo ascertained by special examinations, or by ad-
vancement for meritorious services and specia I fitness
for the partieuhir branch of service, according to
rules to be established as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted. That said board
shall also have power to prescribe a fee. not exceed-
ing five dollars, to be paid by each applicant for ex-
amination, and also a fee not exceediug ten dollars,
to be paid by each person who shall receive a certifi-
cate of recommendation for appointment or for pro-
motion, or of seniority, which fees shall be first paid
to the collector of internal revenue 111 the district
where the applicant or officer resides or may be ex-
amined, to bo accounted for and paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States by such collector; and the
certificates of payment of fees to collectors shall be
forwarded quarterly by the commissioners to the
Treasury Department.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That said board
shall have power to prescribe, by general rules, what
misconduct or inefficiency shall be sufficient for the
removal or suspension of all officerswho come within
the provisions of this act, and also to establish rules
for the manner of preferring charges for such miscon-
duct or inefficiency, and for the trial of tho accused
and for determining his position pending such trial!
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That any one of
said commissioners may conduct or superintend any
examinations, and the board may call to their assist-
ance in such examinations such men of learning and
high character as they may think fit, or, in their dis-
cretion, such officers in the civil, military, or naval
service of tho United States, as maybe designated
from time to time, on application of the board as
assistants to said board, by the President or heads of
Departments; and in special cases, to be fixed bv
rules or by. resolutions of the board, they may dele-
gate examinations to such persons, to be attended
and presided over by one member of said board or
by some person specially designated to preside '
Sbc. 8. And be it further enacted, That the said I
board may also, upon reasonable notice to the person
accused, hear and determine any case of alleged mis-
conductor inefficiency, under the general rub s herein
provided for, and in such ease shall report to the
head of the proper Department their finding in the
matter, and may recommend the suspension or dis-
missal from office of any person found guilty of such
misconduct or inefficiency; and such person shall be
forthwith suspended or dismissed by tnehead of such
Department pursuant to such recommendation, and
from the filing of such report shall receive no com-
pensation for official service except from and after
the expiration of any term of suspension recom-
mended by such report.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the salary
of each of said commissioners, and the additional
salary ofthe Vice President for performing the duties
required of him by this act shall be $5,000 a year,
and tho said board may appoint a clerk at a salary
of $2,500 a year, and a messenger at a salary of $900
a year, and these sums and the necessary traveling
expenses of the commissioners, clerk, and messenger
tobeaccftunted for in detail and verified byatfidavit,
shall be paid from any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. The accessary expenses of
any person employed by said commissioners, as as-
sistants, to be accounted for and verified in like man-
ner, and certified by the board, shall also be paid icF
hke manner.
Skc. 10. And he it further enacted, That any officer-
in the civil service of the United States, at the date
of tho passage of this act, other than those excepted
in the secondscetion of this act, may be required by the
head ofthe Department in which he serves to appear
before said board, and if found not qualified for the
placc he occupies he shull be reported for dismissal,
and be dismissed in the manner hereinbefore pro-
vided, and the vacancy shall be filled in manner
aforesaid from those who m-*y be found qualified for
such grade of office after sucn examination.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That all citizens
of the United States shall be eligible to examination
and appointment under the provisions of this act,
and the heads of the several Departments msiy, in
their discretion, designate the offices in the several
branches of the civil s rvice the dutiesof which may
be performed by females as well as males, and for all
such offices females as well as malesshall be eligible,
and may make application therefor and be exam-
ined, recommended, appointed, tried, suspended,
and dismissed in manner aforesaid; and the names
of those recommended by the examiners shall be
placed upon the lists for appointment and promotion
in the order of their merit and seniority, and with-
out distinction, other than as aforesaid, from those
of male applicants or officers.
Skc. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent, and also the Senate, may require any person
applying for or recommended for any office which
requires confirmation by the Senate to appear before
said board and be examined as to his qualifications,
either before or after being commissioned; and the
result of such examination shall be report d to the
President and to the Senate.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That until the
confirmation by the Senate of the commissioners
authorized to be appointed by this act, the head of
said Department is hereby authorized to appoint
persons to perform the duties o#cominissioner.s tem-
porarily, with the same powcr^and at the same rate
of compensation as hereinbelVre provided.
The/proposition submit-
the/bill now reported is,
vephmeut shall adopt bet*
^ ses for obtaining the
services, in its subordinate offices, of the" best
talent it can obtain for the money it pays.
The number of persons now employed by the
Government in its civil service as officer's ex-
ceeds not only the whole number of officers in
the military and naval service, but also the
total of the rank and file of both the warlike
services. To these persons is intrusted the
entire administrative business of the Govern-
ment; they are the eyes and the hands of
every branch of the service j they constitute
the whole clerical force of the executive and ad-
ministrative departments, the agencies through
which the public lands are disposed of and the
Indian affairs are managed; the commercial
intercourse with foreign nations regulated;
the execution of the postal system conducted,
lhey eontrol the issuing of pensions, patents,
and land warrants: the examination and allow-
ance or rejection of all accounts or claims
against the Government; the collection and
disbursement of ail the revenues and public
moneys. There are responsible heads to all
these Departments, and chiefs of bureaus and
of divisions responsible to the heads of Depart-
work is done by the u inferior
omcers,J} and the responsible hfeads and chiefs
seldom do more than adopt the acts and ratify
the examinations and conclusions of their sub-
ordinates.
scope of the measure.
J^hen we consider the great number of these
omcers, the magnitude of the affairs intrusted
Mr. JENCKES.
ted to the Hous^J
in effect, that the i
ter means than it n<3
