■58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
rights that belong to this House. Yield it, and
in a little while you will be required to yield
the right of judging as to the election returns
and qualifications of members of this House.
I iim not sure if that right is not already very
seriously called in question. Let these con-
cessions be made, and in a little while Kentucky
will be the South Carolina of this nation.
The committee say, "If Elijah Hisehad re-
ceived a majority of votes legally cast when the
foils closed.'' That fact is unalterably fixed.
think I have shown to the satisfaction of any
man not seeking objection that I received a
majority of votes legally cast in the district, as
I will show you presently.
Now, suppose that when the poll-books
of the election held on the 4th of May last
carue to be examined and counted up on the
8th of May, and then again on the 27th of May
it had been ascertained that a large majority
of the votes had been cast in a captious spirit
or otherwise for Peter Stuyvesaut, or some
other imaginary character not representing any
person on earth, and that I was the only person
for whom a single vote had been cast, can there
be a reasonable doubt that the certificate of
election should have been awarded me? As
further evidence that I was entitled to the
certificate I refer you to the law defining the
duties of the board of examiners, and submit
to this House the question: if it had been the
intention of the framers of this law that the
examiners should withhold the certificate from
the only person on earth for whom votes had
been cast simply because he had not received
a majority of the votes in the district, or of
those polled in an election at which there were
various other candidates, for other offices,
would they not have added a proviso to the
effect that in case of the death of the person
receiving the liighea| number of votes previous
to the day on which the final count is made,
that then, and in that event, the board of
examiners shall certify the fact to the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, that a new
election may be ordered to fill the vacancy
thus occasioned? With such a proviso as this
their duty would have been clearlydefined,and
1 would have been estopped from setting up any
claim to the certificate at their hands. But,
sir, in the absence of such proviso I insist that
my right to it is beyond controversy.
This brings me to touch briefly upou a phase
of this subject ot' great delicacy. I have ever
thought in making tracks over the ashes or
dust of the dead our steps should be light;
and were it not that I am addressing myself
to the interests and welfare of the living I
should here turn aside from the main points
upon which (as I declared before the death of
Mr. Hise) I intended to contest his seat. From
my speeches during the canvass Mr. Hise and
his friends were bound to know that I did not
regard him or any other disloyal man eligible
to a seat in this Hall. And none knew better
than Mr. Hise that when I commence a good
work it is my custom to carry it out. Mr.
Hise, on the day after he heard that I was a
candidate, declared in writing his intention to
quit the world, giving as a reason that he
would not be allowed to take his seat if elected.
This, however, was not known to me or any
one else until some time after the death of
Mr. Hise. No one knew better than he did
that the seat would be awarded him if legally
elected, unless proof of ineligibility on the
score of disloyalty were made against him.
No one knew better than Mr. Hise that such
proof could be made, and when the unenvia-
ble attitude opened upon his sensitive mind
h;s giant intellect became unstrung, and he is
at once a felo de se. He retires from the
scene. Were it not that the rights of the
loyal men of the country need to be vindi-
cated I would gladly throw a vail over the
faults of the dead.
But for this I would have gladly buried them
with his bones, leaving the good deeds of his
life to live after him. By reference to the proof
in this case it will be seen that Mr. Hise said
the union of these States ought to bo dissolved,
and that he was recognized throughout the
entire struggle as being in sympathy with the
rebels ; that he has time and again denounced
the Union Army as a set of vandal hordes led
by Sherman and Grant, pillaging and plunder-
ing and murdering our citizens of the South.
I refer you also to a speech delivered bj him
in this House last winter, and distributed with
a liberal hand all over my district, for evidence
most conclusive that his sympathies had all the
while been with rebels and traitors, while at
the same time he bad been nursing his wrath
against the day of wrath, against the loyal men
of the country, especially the Union soldiers.
Now, sir, Lad Mr. Ilise lived I would have
relied upon getting the seat upon the ground
of his ineligibility, a fact which he virtually
admits in his dying words; and being thus
admitted, I have not deemed it necessary to
encumber the ea^e with proof to sustain an
admitted fact.
Then, sir, I urge that Mr. Hiso being ineli-
gible, the admission of which was sealed by his
own blood at his own hands, and being equally
well known throughout the district that he was
not a legal candidate any more than Jeff. Davis
or John C. Breckinridge would have been, and
that every vote cast for him, being cast in a
menacingspiritot'defiance to this House, should
be regarded as thrown away as effectually as if
cast for Jeff. Davis. This principle of law is
well settled by the celebrated case given in the
fifteenth and sixteenth volumes of Cobbett's
History of Parliamentary Law, in the celebrated
case of Wilks & Luttrell, in which Wilks, after
beingdonied his seat in Parliament several times
for disloyalty to the Crown, finally was returned
(as some have been returned here, in a captious
spirit of defiance) with a majority of five to
one, when the seat was given to his loyal oppo-
nent Luttrell, in which not only the dignity of
Parliament and the self-respect of its members
were fully sustained and vindicated but the
action approved by the attorney general and by
Lord North. This precedent thus sustained
became at once the law of the realm, included
in the laws of Great Britain, and by our law, not
being local in its character, was made the law
of this land, and to this day stands unrepealed.
This very principle of law was observed and
acted upon in the State of Kentucky during the
rebellion by the Federal authorities of this Gov-
ernment to the entire satisfaction not only of
the authorities at Washington, but of the great
loyal heart of the State and nation. Why, sir,
in those days such men as now come here knock-
ing at the door of this House with certificates
of election in their hands were not allowed to
"stand for office." It was deemed a misde-
meanor for men attainted with the high crime
of disloyalty to presume to aspire to an office—
they were assigned to ''back seats."' And, sir,
to this day men who aided or encouraged,
counseled or countenanced, or even adhex'ed
to those engaged in the rebellion are by law of
the State precluded f rom holding the insignifi-
cant offices of judge, clerk, or sheriff of an elec-
tion ; and I here boldly assert without the fear
of successful contradiction that Mr. Hise was
not and Mr. Golladay (who claims to have been
elected as his successor) is not eligible to fill
either of those three minor offices the duration
of which is from one to two days, and the sal-
ary from one to two dollars. My judgment is
certainly greatly at fault if it is not a long and
well-settled principle of law in this country that
votes cast for a man known to be ineligible to
office are no better than votes thrown away,
illegal, null, and void.
Now, Mr. Speaker, all that I deem neces-
sary to say in conclusion upon this branch of
the subject is, that had I, like Mr. Hise, sympa-
thized with and encouraged or adhered to those
engaged in armed rebellion to overthrow this
Government, and then had, as he did, from
the house-tops and in high places, waged a war
of words and bitter denunciation against the
three coordinate branches of this Government,
from the 4th day of March, IStil, to the cele-
brated vetoes, &c., of the present incumbent
of the executive chair, charging gros3 viola-
tions of the Constitution upon all, charging at
the same time the high crimes of rapine, plun-
der, aud murder upon the soldiers of the Union
Army, from Grant and Sherman to the humblest
private; and had I, like Mr. Golladay, " amply
atoned'' for every loyal thought or word that
he may have held or uttered previous to the
fall of Fort Sumter—I presume he will not
claim to have held any since—and then have .
volunteered his services against me and for Mr.
Hise by making the humiliating acknowledg-
ment, as he did, "unfortunately for you and .
unfortunately for me we have been in the mi-
nority in the great and bloody contest just
closed"—this, too, while that noble sentiment,
so full of patriotism, uttered by Daniel Web-
ster, namely, "Union and liberty, one and
inseparable, now and forever," was lingering
upou n*y lips; and then, again, had 1, as he did,
in responding to the idea very common among
loyal men, that "treason should be made
odious and traitors punished, and rebels as-
signed to backseats," said, "Talk to me about
dimming the splendor that encircles the brow
of liobertE. Lee and others ! As well talk about
wresting yon bright luminary from its orbit;"
I say had I come before the people of the third
district saying these or like things, I could have
received as many votes as were cast for either
Mr. Hise or Mr. Golladay, provided my previous
course had been consistent with these sayings,
as theirs had been. But, sir, the people of my
district and State know full well that—
" I had rather be a dog, and bay the moon "
than be a traitor to a country for which my
father fought.
I now pass to another point in this contro-
versy, and shall proceed at once to show by
reference to abstracts of and extracts from
the poll-books of the election and affidavits,
that in all the precincts of the several counties
in this district where tne laws of the State were
observed, I obtained a majority of the votes.
It will be seen by the He vised Statutes of
Kentucky, first volume, page 4-3B, that the
judges, clerks, and sheriffs of all elections
are required to be selected equally from the
two parties in the State. Had this law been
observed 1, as the representative of the Union
Republican party, should have received at least
one half the votes cast by the election officers.
But instead of this in eleven of the twelve coun-
ties of the district out of two hundred and
ninety-two election officers Mr. Hise received
210 votes and I received 2:>, 59 not voting.
Can any man, even my Democratic friends over
the way, recognize such an election as legal ?
Was there ever exhibited such an utter disre-
gard of the laws of the State?
In the twelfth county, namely, the county
of Monroe, out of twenty-eight election officers
I received 14 votes and Mr. Hise 9, 5 not voting.
In this county I obtained a majority of votes.
Now, I ask you to traverse three of the princi-
pal counties in the district in which there were
ninety-two election officers, of whom 79 voted
for Mr. Hise and not one for me. Let us now
step over into two other counties in which there
were forty-eight election officers, 38 of whom
voted for Mr. Hise and 2 for me. We now go
into two other counties in which there were
fifty-six election officers, 40 of whom voted for
Mr. Hise and 4 for me, two in each.
In the remaining four counties Mr. Hise got
53 votes while I got 17.
Now, it only remains that we step over into
the pure atmosphere of Monroe county, where
the people have not yet become a law unto
themselves. Here we find that out of twenty-
eight election officers 9 voted for Mr. Hise and
14 forme. In this county, where the law was
observed in the main, I had a majority of votes,
as will be seen by reference to the certificate
of the clerk and of the examining board.
I now invite you to an examination of the
election of the whole district from another
stand-point. We look in vain into the counties
of Logan, Warren, Simpson, Allen, Barren,
Hart, and Cumberland for a single precinct in
which *he law was observed. In no precinct
in all these counties was there as many as two
