SUPPLEMENT TO
Repveso'ritatives, asking that the 'House might
b"e*ni}tifleU when the doors of the Senate should
, be open. 5 -, >
''iXii motion of Mr.'EIlMUNDS, it was
Oi-flefed, 'Ehsit the S^erctapy inform the House of
Kw-S-^ntafives that the Senate, sitting for the trial
of ihe President upon articles of iinpeaehinent, will
notify the Hcjuse when it is ready to receive them
at;fho b;tr. , . .
' Th,e QHIEF.JUSTICE stated the next busi-
ness in order to be the following order, sub-
mitted by Mr. Sumker on the 25t.h of April:
Ordered* That the Senate, sitting for the trial of
Andrew Johnson, President of t.fio United Slates,
wiil proceed to vote ou the several articles of im-
peachment at twelve o'clock on the day after the
close of the arguments.
-Afteti debate,
Mr. DRAKE submitted the following amend-
ment to Ilule 23, to come in at the end of the
rule:
The fifteen minutes herein allowed shall be for the
whole deliberation on the final question, and not to
tkefiual question on each article of impeoolimont.
The proposed amendment was laid over for
future consideration.
■On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Thursday, May 7, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation was made by the
Sergeant-sit-Arms.
Mr. Nelson, of counsel for the respondent,
appeared in lits seat.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings of
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. When the Senate
was considering the order which is now the un-
finished business it was sit ting with closed doors,
and the doors will now be ciosed for delibera-
tion, under the rules, unless there be some
order to the contrary. [After a pause.] The
doors will be closed for deliberation.
Mi-. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not see
any necessity for closing the doors. Unless
Senators do see a necessity for it X hope that
order will not be executed.
The CHIEF J [JS ITCH. There can be no
deliberation unless the doors arc closed. There
can be 110 debate under the rules, unless the
doors be closed.
Mr. SUMN li tt. Still, Mr. President, I would
rise to a question of order. It is whether the
Senate ean proceed to deliberate now except
by u vote. There must be anothor-votc of the
Senate in order to proceed to deliberate to
day, I take it. We adjourned last night, and
we have how met in open session.
The CHfKF JUSTICE. There ean be no
debate 011 the question of order; but the Chief
Justice will submit, the question to the Sena e.
The Senator from Massachusetts makes a ques-
tion of order that before the Senate can proceed
to deliberate there must be another formal vote
of the Senate. The Chair will submit that ques-
tion directly to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts a question, whether
he proposes to act on the pending resolution
without debate?
Mr. SUMNER. I did not intend to inter-
pose any opposition to anything. J only wished
that whatever we did should be done accord-
ing to the rules. We have now been sitting—
this is merely an answer to the inquiry of the
Senaloi—in open sc-sion 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Debate is out of
oruc-r. Jl can go 011 by unanimous consent,
not otherwise.
Mr S CM.NER. A nd how shall we gel from
open seis'on ;nto delibeiaiion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 object to debate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. There can be no
debate until the doors are closed.
Mr. CONfvUN'O. 1 rise for information
from the Chair. 1 wish to inquire whether,
when the presiding otlicer announces that a
certain thing will lie done unless objection is
made, and no objection is made, that is not
tantamount to a vote of the Senate and does
not cover in substance the point made by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The CH'EF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
so regards it.
Mr. SUMNER. If that is understood—-—
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to all debate. •
Mr., TRUMBULL. - Mr. President, I wish,
before'the doors are closed, to raise a question
of order under the twenty-third rule, which
reads as follows:
"All the orders and decisions shall be made and
had bv yeas and nays, which shall be entered on the
record and without debate, except when the doois
shall be ciosed for deliberation."
That means deliberation in reference to a
matter, as I understand it, connected with the
immediate trial. These are rules adopted for
the general government of the Senate in all
cases of impeachment. I never understood
when I agreed to these rules that they would
be used as a restraint upon the Senate in ref-
erence to any question that might be raised
here. Propositions are raised here having no
particular bearing upon this trial as to the
course of proceeding, and we ought to settle
those, it seems to me  
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. I object to debate until the order of
the Chair is complied with.
'The CHIEF J USTICE. There can be no
debate until the order of the Chair is executed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the order?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair stated
to the Senate that when deliberation was term-
inated by adjournment last evening they were
silting with closed doors, and unless some
objection should be made he would direct the
doors to be closed. He waited, and no objec-
tion was made, and he then directed the doors
to be closed. Until that older is executed there
can be no debate,
The Chamber was thereupon cleared and the
doors closed.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE stated that the un-
finished business before the Senate yesterday
at its adjournment, to wit. the motion submitted
by Mr. St" mx ton on the 2olh of April, that the
Senale will proceed to vote on the several
articles of impeachment at twelve o'clock m.
on the day after the close of the arguments,
was the business now before the Senate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, moved to amend
the motion of Mr. SuMXi:it by striking out all
after the word "'that,'' in the first line, and
inserting the following in lieu thereof:
"When the Senate sitting to try impeachment, ad-
ioui 11s to-day it will be to Monday next at twelve
o'clock 111., when tiieSenato will pioeeed to take the
yrn - .ui-.lnoyyonthe articles of impeachment, without
debate; any Senator desiring: it to have permission
to iilo a written opinion, to go upon the record of the
Pi oncedings.
Mr. DRAKE moved to amend the amend-
ment bv inserting after the word "permission'1
the words *'at the time of giving hid veto."
After debute,
Mr. CONKLINGr moved that the further
consideration of the pending subject be post-
poned.
After farther debate,
Mr. TRUMBULL moved that the pending
subject Vie 011 the table 5 which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following motion tor consideration :
Offered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
nd.ionrn to meet on Monday next, at eleven o'clock
a. in., lor the purposeoi deliberation, under the rules
of f iie Senate sunns on the trial of impeachments;
and that on Tue-sUy, at twelve o'clock m., the Sen-
ate *hali to vote, without debate.on the sev-
eral articles of impeachment, and each Senatorshall
be permitted to tile, within two days alter the vote
shall have been taken, his written opinion, to go on
the record.
Mr. ANTHONY moved to amend the mo-
tion of Mr. Mouiiill. of Vermont, by striking
out the words "on Tuesday"' and inserting }j
the words 011 or before Wednesday/' j!
Mr. CONNESS calied for the yeas and nays Jj
on the amendment, and they were ordered ; !l
and being taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 37.;
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fowler* Hendricks. McCreery, Patr.pipon
of Tennessee, Ross, Salisbury, Sprague, and Vick-
ers—13.
NAYS-~Messrs. Cameron, Catte11.6handlcr, Cole,
Conkhn 2, Conn ess, Corbet t, Cragin, Drak e, Edmunds,
Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morriji
ofVermont, Morton.Norton,Nye.Patteison of New
Hamrishiro, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumnef, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, Williams. Wilson, and Yates—37.
NOT VOTINGr—Messrs. Bayard, Fessenden,
Grimes, and Wade—4.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
^ Mr. SUMNER moved that the further eon- •
sideration of the motion of Mr. Morrill, of
Vermont, be postponed, and that the Senate
proceed to consider the articles of impeach-
ment.
After debate,
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays
on his motion, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 38; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Cameron,Conkling.Conness, Drake,
Harlan,' Morgan, Nye, Pomeroy, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Williams,Wilson, and Yates—15,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cat-
teil, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragm, Davis, JJixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds. Ferry, Fessendcn, Fo.wler, Fre-
iinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermout, Morton. Norton, Patteison of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ilamsey, Ross,
Sauisbury, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, \u kers, and Willey—08.
NOT VOTING—Mr, Wade-1. •
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER moved to amend the motion
of Mr. Morrill, ofVermont, by striking out the
word Monday," and inserting "Saturday."
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 10, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole.Conkling,
Conness, Dr.ike, IJarlan, llowsird, Morgan, Pomeroy,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates-—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cat-
tell, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fow1«t, Frelmgbuysen,
G limes, Hendeison, Hendricks, Hum-, Johiuaon,Mc-
Oreery, Morrill ot' Maine, Morrill of Veimonr, Mor-
ton, Norton Patterson ot New Hampshire, Patteison
of Tennessee, Ramsey, Ross, Sauisbury, Sheiman,
Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
ami Willey—36.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Nye and Wade—2.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER moved to amend the motion
of Mr. Morrill, ofVermont, by striking out
at the end thereof the following words:
And each Senator shall be permitted to file within
two days after the vote shall have been so taken his
written opinion, to go on tho record.
Mr. DRAKE moved to amend the portion
proposed to be stricken out by striking out the
woids %l within two days after the vote shall
have been so taken," and inserting in heu
thereof the words "at the time of giving his
vote."
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas arrl nays
on his amendment, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 33;
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling,
Oonness, Drake, Harlan. Howard, Morgan, Ilamsey,
Stewart, Sumner, and Thayer—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cat-
toil, Colo, Corbett. Crngm, Duvis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelimdiujsen,
Glimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery,
Mor ill ot Maine, Monill of Vermont, Morton, Noi-
ton. Patterson of Now Hampshire, Patterson of Ten-
nessee. Ko..-s, Sauhbury, Sherman. Sprague, Tipt< n,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Willey, Williams,
WiNon, ;>nd Yates—'',3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Howe, Nye, Pomeroy, and
Wade—1.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Sumxkr to strike out the
closing sentence the motion of Mr. Morrill, of
Vermont,
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 6, nays 42 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Drake, Harlan, Ramsey, Stewart,
Suraner. and Thayer—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron, Cat-
