3490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
discussed once to-day, fairly considered, and
fairly defeated. If I understand the vote ot'
the committee, it is clearly in favor of making
this discrimination, so that distilled spirits
exported shall receive a drawback of fifty
cents agalion, andnomore. Bo the committee
have declared by a large majority, and I am
rather surprised to find the gentleman from
Massachusettes bringing up this defeated prop-
osition. If a proposition is to be argued over
again every threo hours in the day, it will take
some time to go through this bill. . The best
way to get it through, in that case, would be to
take the bill out of committee, call the previous
question on it, and pass it. Our object is to
make the bill better, not worse ; and I am
clearly of the opinion that the gentleman's
amendment will make it worse. Therefore I
shall vote against it.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment pro forma by striking out the last word.
I am sorry to trouble the committee on this
subject again, and I would not do so except
that this is a matter of the very gravest conse-
quence. Unless the amendment can be passed
your export trade will be very much injured,
ay, I may say, destroyed. There can be no
such thing as the exporting of spirits with a
drawback of fifty cents against a tax of sixty-
three cents and a tax 011 the sales besides. It is
f!ot a mere question how many gallons of spirits
are exported, because that would be but a
bagatelle in comparison, perhaps, with the
whole amount manufactured; but it is of great
consequence whether the article shall be made
and shipped by our merchants to foreign coun-
tries, there to meet other merchants on their
own ground.
Let ine state a single fact which is capable
of demonstration by anybody who will look
into the matter. While England puts a very
heavy duty on spirits, she allows the exporter
an advantage of two pence per gallon to
enable him to compete with the Dutch mer-
chants in India, while we are putting on now
fifteen per cent. Our own merchants can but
struggle now with the English trade. Our
trade has been falling off largely, but we hope
by superior energy to compete with them
unless you load us down. We take our spirits
in assorted cargoes to the East Indies or Africa.
Now, strike out spirits and we are not able to
compete because we have not what is known
as an assorted cargo. It is no small matter.
We bring back gold and put it into your Treas-
ury by the customs duties paid on the goods
which are brought, in the return cargoes.
They are considerably more in amount than
the whole value of the spirits we export. It
is said that if you keep the amount down you
will substantially stop fraud ; but let me say
to you if frauds can only be perpetrated by
perjury and by sending out water men will
carry water at fifty cents a gallon just as quick
as they will sixty.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman, I
have 110 views to submit in regard to the merits
of the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts except what may grow out of the con-
stitutional proposition to which he hasappealed
in its support. But 1 do want to say a word in
regard to that question of law, the application
of which, if the apparent view of the gentle-
man be adopted by the House, will not be con-
fined to the proposition now before the com-
mittee, and which, if adopted by the House as
a rule foE our action on this bill, or any other
internal revenue bill, I think would be very
unfortunate and wholly inadmissible. The
gentleman says if the committee refuse to allow
an additional drawback, so as to make the
drawback substantially equal to the internal
tax, we shall thereby, and by a mere indirec-
tion, virtually levy a tax upon exports equal
to the difference between the internal tax and
the drawback, and shall in that way violate the
consfltutional prohibition which forbids the
taxation of exports. It seems to me this can-
not be the law, and that constitutional consid-
eration surely ought not to affect the vote upon
his amendment. The proposition will result
in this: that you could impose no internal rev-
enue tax upon any commodity which might
enter into our exports unless you also allowed
a drawback just equal to the revenue tax, lest
thereby you were taxing exports and violating
the Constitution. Take for an illustration the
article of tobacco. Suppose we allow no draw-
back upon it, it might be said with exactly the
same propriety that because you impose a tax
upon tobacco you are evading the Constitution
and taxing its exportation. Now, the truth is,
as it seems to ine, that the allowance of draw-
back, instead of being a prohibition of export-
ation or tax upon exportation, is really a bonus
offered to exportation to Ihe amount in this
case of fifty cents per gallon. We might im-
pose a tax of sixty cents, or any other internal
tax that we choose, on this article, and leave it
there. Instead of doing that we propose to
encourage exportation by allowing a drawback
of fifty cents per gallon as an invitation
export. What the Constitution prohibits is
the levying of a tax on exports as such, and
because they are such. It forbids the selec-
tion of " articles" about to be exported from
any State, and the taxing of them because they
are exported, thus taxing them as a class as
distinguished from the other productions of
the State. The argument of my friend surely
has no weight, for if it has it would result in
prohibiting all internal tax on any article which
might be exported ; because the tax might so
cnhance its cost as to render the exportation
unprofitable. In regard to the merits of the
amendment, except as affected by this legal
point, I did not desire to say anything.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I renew it, merely for
the purpose of saying that I meant the com-
mittee should understand that the reasons
which lie at the foundation of the constitu-
tional rule that there shall be no export tax
imposed, apply also in this case and probably
in every other. As regards cigars, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have made provis-
ion for export without payment of tax.
I now withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote on my amendment.
The question was put on Mr. Boutwell's
amendment; and there were—ayes 51, noes 50.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Price
and Boctwbix were appointed.
The committee divided; ancl the tellers
reported—ayes 39, noes 59.
So the amendment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of half past
four o'clock p. m. having arrived, under the
order of the House the committee will take a
recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The hour of half-past seven o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the
chair,) resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 128-i) to change and more effectu-
ally secure the collection of ipternal taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, aTnd to amend the
tax on banks.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I suggest that the Clerk
read down to the end of the sixty-fifth section.
It will then all be open to amendment instead
of only the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no ob-
jection, and that course will be pursued.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the sixty-fifth section, as follows :
Rectifiers of distilled spirits rectifying, purifying,
or refining two hundred barrels or less of distilled
spirits, counting forty gallons of proof-spirits to the
barrel, within then year, shall each pay $200. and
titty cents for each such barrel produced m excess of
two hundred barrels. And monthly returns ot the
quantity imd proof of all the spirits puichascd and of
the number of barrels of spirits, as before described,
rectified, purified, or refined by him, shall be made
by each rectifier in the sauie manner as monthly
returns of sales are made. Every person who rec-
tifies, purifies, or lefines distilled spirits or wines by
any process, and every wholesale or retail liquior
doaler or compounder of liquors whe has m his pos-
session any still or leach-tub, or who shall keep any
other apparatus tor the purpose of refining m any
manner distilled spirits, shall be regarded as a rec-
^'^Compounders of liquors shall oach pay twenty-five
dollars. Every person who, without rectifying, )>uri-
fying, or refining distilled spirits, shall, by mixing
such spirits, wine, or other liquor, with any mate-
rials, manufacture any spurious, imitation, or com-
pound liquors, for sale under the name oi whisky,
brandy, gin, rum, wine, spirits, cordials, or wine bit-
ters, or any other name, shall be regarded as a com-
pounder of liquors.
Retail liquor dealers whoso annual sales do not
exceed $2,500 shall each pay twenty-five'dollars ; if
oxcoetling #2,500 and not exceeding $5,000 shall each
pay fifty dollars; if exceeding $5,000 andnotcxeeed-
mg $;10,000 shall each pay $100; if exceeding $10,000
and not exceeding $20,000 shall each pay $200 : ana
if exceeding $20,000 shall each pay $100. Every
person who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits,
wines, or malt liquors, in less quantities than on©
quart at a time, or in any quantity to be drank at the
place or on the premises where they are sold, shall be
regarded as a retail liquor doaler. And any peddler
who sells or offers for sale distilled spinte, fermented
liquors, or wines shall pay $1,000, in addition to his
special tax as a peddler, the special tax of a whole-
sale or retail liquor dealer according to the,amount
of his sales.
Wholesale liquor dealers shall each pay $100, and, in
addition, shall pay thirty dollars for every $1,000 of
sales in excess of $2,000. Every person who sells or
offers for sale distilled spirits, wines, or malt liquors
in quantity of notless than one quart at one time, $nd
not to bedrank at the place or on the premises where
the sale is made, shall be regarded as a wholesale
liquor dealer. But no distiller or brewer who has
paid his special tax as such, and who sells only dis-
tilled spirits or malt liquors of his own production in
the original casks or packages in which they are
placed for the purpose ot affixing the tax stamps,
shall be required to pay thespecial tax of a wholesale
dealer.
Manufacturers of stills shall each pay fifty dollars,
and twenty dollars for each still or worm lor distill-
ing made by him. Any person who manufactures
any still or worm to be used in distilling shall be
deemed a manufacturer of stills.
Dealers in leaf tobacco whose annual sales do not
exceed $10,000 dollars shall each pay twenty-five
dollars; and if tbcirannual sales exceed $10,000 shall
pay in addition two dollars for every §10,000 m excess
of £10,000. Every person shall be regarded as a dealer
in leaf tobacco whose business it is, for himself or on
commission, to sell or offer lor sale leat tobacco. And
payment Oi a special tax as wholesale dealer, tobac-
conist, manufacturer of cigars, or manufacturer of
tobacco, shall not exempt any person dealing in leaf
tobacco iiom the paymentof the special tax therefor
hereby required. But no farmer or planter shall be
requned Co pay a special tax as a dealer in leaf
tobacco lor selling tobacco of his own production,
or tobacco received by him as rent from tenants
who have produced the same on his land.
Dealers in tobacco whose annual sales do not
exceed $1,000 dollars, shall each pay live dollars, and
when their annual pales exceed $1,000 shall p^y-in
addition two dollars for each $l,000ni excess of $1,00Q
Every pfcrson whose business it is to sell or offer for
slae manufactured tobaeco, snuff, or cigars, shall be
regarded as a dealer in tobaeco. And any retail
dealer or keeper of a hotel, inn, tavern, or eating-
house, who sells tobacco, snuff, or cigars, shall pay
in addition -to his special tax the special tax as a
dealer in tobacco.
Manufacturers of tobacoo shall pay ten dollars, and
in addition thereto, where the amount of the penal
sum of the bond of such manufacturer required by
this act to be given shall exceed the sum of $5,000, two
dollarsin for each $1,000 excess ot $5,000 of such penal
sum. Every person whose business it is to manufacture
tobacco or snuff lor himself, or who shall employ
others to manufacture tobacco or snuff, whether such
manufacture shall be by cutting, pressing, grinding,
crushing, or rubbing of any leaf or raw tobacco, or
otherwise preparing raw or leaf tobacco or manu-
factured or partially manufactured tobacco or snuff,
or the putting up for use or consumption of scraps,
waste, clippings, stems, or deposits of tobacco, result-
ing from any process ol handling tobacco, shall bo
regarded as a manufacturer ot tobacco. But^no man-
ufacturer of tobacco shall bo required to pay the spe-
cial tax as a dealer in tobacco forseHing the products
of his own manufacture.
Manufacturers? of cigars, whose annual sales shall
not exceed $5,000 shall each pay ten dollars; and
when their annual sales exceed $5,000 shall pay, in
addition, two dollars for each $1,000 in excess of
$5,000. Every person whose business it is to make or
manufacture cigars for himself, or who shall employ
others to make or manufacture cigars, shall be re-
garded as a manufacturer of cigars. No special tax
receipt shall be issued to any manufacturer of cigars
until he shall have given the bond required by law.
Every person whose business it is Unmake cigars for
others, either for pay, upon commission, on shares, or
otherwise, from material furnished by others, shall be
regarded as a cigar-maker. Every cigar-maker shall
cause his name and residence to be registered, with-
out previous demand, with the assistant assessor of
the division in which such cigar-maker shall be em-
ployed; and any manufacturer of cigars employing
any cigar-maker who shall have neglected or refused
to make sucli registry shall, on conviction, be fined
five dollars for each day that such cigar-maker so
offending by neglect or refusal to register shall be
employed by him.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move to amend the first
