1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4515
election of the distinguished patriot aud soldier
who is now our standard-bearer, and I was not
willing to see liis success hazarded, or his Ad-
ministration forestalled, by the creation of an
ad interim President, if 1 could in any just and
legitimate manner aid in preventing it. Yet
because I have given, as f deemed it, the ben-
efit of the legal doubts in this case to my party
and the country, I have been proscribed, and
my change of base, as it is termed, is brought
forward in the report as conclusive proof of
corruption ; and an ingenious web of insinua-
tion and falsehood, interspersed with incidental
and utterly irrelevant facts, is woven in support
of tlio charge, if I were disposed to retaliate,
I might ask what it was that produced the re-
markable change from '• acquittal" to "con-
viction " in the minds of several members of
"the committee." It is well known that buta
few months previous to the institution of the
trial the House of Representatives, by a vote
of more than two to one, and with the concur-
rence of a portion of this committee, discarded
as frivolous and unworthy of consideration all
save one of the very articles of impeachment
the adoption of which they subsequently urged
with such vehemence and persistency. Here
was a decisive, radical change of front on the
part of the prosecutors of the President.
Now, if I am to be questioned thus closely,
and accused of crime in having changed my
views on these identical points, I must be priv-
ileged to criticise the same act on the part, of
members of the committee. I hope these gen-
ilemen were not actuated by any base and
sordid motives in their conduct. 1 do not say
that they were to share in those " fabulous
uums" which were understood to have been
raised for the purpose of procuring conviction.
It is hardly possible that they were actuated
by any expectation of controlling the immense
patronage of the Government which was to
have reverted to the disposal of one of the
impeaching Senators through their labors.
Yet why may not these considerations have
actuated them as readily as those whom then-
eloquence failed to convince of the justice of
their cause? No, Mr. President, it was no
crime for them to change front on this question,
simply because they changed from '' against"
to •'for'' conviction. No one has charged
that there was any impropriety in that, but all
the criminality attaching to a change was On
the other side. I voted for acquittal when I
was expected to vote for conviction; and
straightway " hell is stirred from beneath" in
the vain search for proofs of unworthy motives.
The Republican party press, from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, with rare exceptions, has teemed
with the most abusive and scurrillous personal
attacks ; association with me has been deemed
disreputable and scandalous. I have been
passed by on the street and in these Halls like
a leper, with averted face and every indication
of hatred and disgust, all for having assumed
to myself the same right so readily accorded
to the committee of permitting time and a
more thorough consideration of the merits of
the case to change my views.
Mr. President, I appreciated most fully then,
as I do now, that the almost unanimous senti-
ment of the Republican party was in favor of
the conviction of the President, and that every
man who chose to resist that sentiment in a
political sense took his life in his hand. I can
say with a painful realization of its truth that
at the time of so voting I had no expectation
of surviving, politically, the storm of popular
indignation which lfeltsure would rage through-
out the country, and especially in my own State,
intense as its people are in their convictions on
all political subjects. 1 felt most forcibly, in
casting the vote X did, that I was with my own
hands digging my political grave. Thata rever-
sal of the hasty judgment of the hour would
eventually come, I felt the utmost confidence,
and that history would record the act as it was
designed to be, as one calculated to effect the
conservation of the highest good of the coun-
try, and performed in utter disregard of all
possible consequences to myself. I had little
expectation or hope, however, that that rever-
sal would come until long after I should have
passed out of political life. The long contro-
versy which had been carried on between the
Executive and the party which elected him had
reached a point when appaiently nothing but
his deposition could allay the strife. I knew
that a vote of acquittal would be followed by a
contest between every member so voting and
his constituents, the bitterness of which has
never yet been equaled in the history of par-
tisan politics. I knew that a vote of acquittal
on my part would alienate from me, for a time
at least, very many of whose confidence and
support I have been so proud. I knew that my
motives would be impugned, my acts miscon-
strued, and myself subjected to unmeasured
abuse.
But I saw, or thought I saw, in the conviction
and removal of the President upon inadequate
testimony, and upon accusations mainly of a
partisan character, the establishment of a
precedent which would render every future
President liable to successful impeachment
whenever he found himself ill a minority in
Congiess. I thought I saw the success of that
great party of which I have so long been an
humble but working member hazarded, if not
prevented, in the coming election, and with it
the hopes of a speedy and complete restora-
tion of the Union under the reconstruction
laws of Congress thwarted and destroyed.
Peeling thus, I determined to brave all and
vote my deliberate convictions, founded, as i
believed them to be, on considerations involv-
ing the merits of the case and the highest good
of the State;
Viewing the question thus I felt that it would
be cowardly to act otherwise; that I should be
untrue to the principles of justice, untrue to
my party, untrue to myself, and untrue to the
country, if I permitted my judgtn, nt ^to be
overborne by party clamor or a dread of party
indignation.
It will not do to say that it was my duty to
subordinate my individual views to those so
earnestly and so clearly entertained by the
great mass of the party on so grave a question
as this. In the first place, I was sworn to act
according to the law aud the testimony in the
case, while my constituents were not. My own
judgment was worth more to me than that of
those who were thousands of miles away, and
could by no possibility bo as thoroughly in-
formed of all the facts as I was expected and
ought to be.
In the second place, I was sent here to vote
on all questions according to my own best
judgment, and not to follow the lead of any
one, or any number of my peers, however
learned or distinguished they might be. My
convictions are my own, and whenever I shall
not have the courage and the honesty to follow
them I will vacate my seat, aud give the peo-
ple I represent an opportunity to fill it with
one who has. Confident that I am right, and
that history will vindicate my act, I can well
afford to await the calm and unimpassioned
judgment of time.
I have never yet cast a vote in this Chamber
upon any question which had not the sanction
of my deliberate and best judgment, irrespect-
ive of merely personal and partisan considera-
tions, and 1 never will. Party dictation, and
the thunders of party indignation, _ have no
weightwithme, to swerve me one hair's breadth
from the maintenance of my convictions, and I
hope never will. I do not question the sin-
cerity or the purity of the motives of those
with whom I differed. I believe they also
acted according to the dictates of their delib-
erate and best judgment, but I insist upon the
same concession from them to myself, until
good reason for a different estimate shall be
developed.
Mr. President, there is a matter contained
iu this report peculiarly personal to myself,
to which I owe it tomyself to refer. On pages
30, 81, and 32 of the report my colleague is
reported as giving the following testimony:
Testimony of Senator Pomeroy.
" Question 1. You are a Senator from Kansas?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question 2. On what terms as to personal intimacy
have you been with your colleague, Senator Ross?
" Answer. On cordis! I and intimato terras as any two
colic igues, perhaps, in the Senate. We never had
an unpleasant word.
" Question 3. At any time after the argument was
closed in the impeachment trial did youapeak to him,
or ho to you, as to his opinions or convictions upon
the state of the case, as to tho guilt or innocence of
the President?
" A nswer, Yes, sir; I spoke to him at several times.
" Question 4. Will not you give the conversations
from timo to time as nearly as you can, commencing
after thectoseofthc evidence, and have the kindness
to state what was said, who commenced theinterview,
and ail that was said.
" Answet. _ The most definite conversation in re-
gard to specific article? of impeachment was had live
days before the Saturday that we voted, or both on
Tuesday and Wednesday before we voted. Our con-
versations previously had been upon the general
question of conviction, and the guilt or innocence of
the President.
"Question 5. Please state what that conversation
was.
" Ansxcer The most definite and particular conver-
sation was had in the room of the Sergeant-at-Arms
of tho Senate.
" Question 6. Howcameyou there at thatinterview?
" An-ncrr, I noticed that my colleague had gone in
there with Senator Trumbull and I followed him in.
" Question 7. What did you find when yougot there?
"Answer. I found Senator Trumbull in conversa-
tion with him.
" Question. 8. On what subject ?
*' Answer. The subject of impeachment; X do not
know tho particular article.
" Question 9. Was it an animated conversation ?
" Answer. It was an earnest conversation, at any
rate.
" Question 10. Did Senator Trumbull appear to be
arguing with him ?
" Answer. He was talking in a continued, earnest
strain to him on the subject.
•• Question 11. What further took place?
"Ansivcr. Tho conversation ceased soon after I
went in, or within a few minutes. After Mr. Trum-
bull went out my colleague and myself had the
conversation to v/nirh I am about to allude. X hold
tlio same paper in my hand now that I held then.
[Pi'per exhibited.]
Question 12. What is that paper?
"Answer. It is a list of the Senators as prepared by
the Senato; and on this list I had put down tho arti-
cles that I had made up in my mind to vote for, and
several other Senators had done tho same volunta-
rily. From my previous conversations I had also put
down several articles which I supposed Mr. Ross
would vote for; and I now came to see if I was right.
Those articles, so far as they related to Mr. Boss,
were tho first, second, third, eighth, and eleventh.
I showed, at that time, Mr. Ross this paper, and ho
looked at the whole list and saw howall the Senators,
so far as they were known then, had decided to vote.
I then asked him if those figures wore right so far as
related to himself. IIo said they were right with the
exception of tho eighth; he had his doubts in regard
to the eighth; ho was undecided. I said, then, tak-
ing my pencil, if ho was not entirely eloar I would
draw a circle around the eighth, which I did, as it now
appears on the paper. I then asked him in closing
if, the eighth being erased, it was then right, as ho
would vote. He said it was. I then asked several
other Senators that I was in doubt about, and they
all gavo me their answers veryfreelyandvery pleas-
antly, and put down tho articles they had decided to
vote for and those they had decided to vote against.
Thi« was not all completed that day, but it was
completed b«fore the day of the vote.
"JJy Mr. Wilson* :
" Question 13. Was that conversation Wednesday .'
"Answer. I am not certain; it was Tuesday or
Wodresday.
"By Mr. Butler;
"Question 14. lias there been any debate in tho
Senate since he told you that?
"Answer. No, sir; none prior to tho vote.
"Question. 13. Did you see him afterward?
"Answer. Several times.
"Question 16. Did this question of how ho should
vote come up for consideration ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. Only on one occasion afterward
did he even hint that ho might be doubtful on some
of these articles. That was Thursday night before
we voted, about half past nine o'clock, I had called
upon Senator V \n Winklk in his rooms at tho Na-
tional Hotel. I found there my colleague, Senator
Ross, Senator Trumbull, Senator Henderson, and
Senator Willey. with Senator Van Winkle.
"Question 17. Will not you state that conversation
as nearly as you can, so far as relates to impeach-
ment, giving tho gonoral substance?
"Answer. The general question was whether con-
viction or acquittal would bo carried on baturaay.
I claimed from my knowledge of Sefhis
to Senator Henderson, who claimed that irom ni
to foersator DE XiSON  wno ci«wiuvu «..r«vi,aa
knowledge, weshould bo defeated by
it was not possible. Ho saidt it was. J: toM him ^at
on the eleventh article I had had eonve^ation with
l on trie fc.evemn ftrueie x imu uAi;PVjno.
;i a sufficient number of Sftaators to i-D   ..
i! they all told me tlie truth, that we skoula cairy it fcy
