1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2467
to their care, the importance of the faithful
performance of their duties, and become aware
that the life of the Republic depends upon the
honesty, fidelity, integrity, and ability with
which these servants of the people transact
their business, we at once inquire why is it
that some system has not been devised and put
in operation by which the people can obtain
the best talent in their service for the money
appropriated for it? These administrative
offices are the nervous system of the Republic,
and through them its vital energies must be
made known. Every one who has studied the
political history of this country and of that from
which its laws and customs have been derived
can furnish his own answer to the question just
stated. However each answer might bephrased,
they would all concur in the great fact, that for
the money it pays there is no Government in
the world more poorly served than ours. With-
out elaborating the matter, the evidence taken
by the committee proves, what every one be-
lieves, that these subordinate officers are ap-
pointed in the main from political or personal
considerations, to which the qualifications of
merit, integrity, skill, fidelity, and patriotism
are compelled to yield. If any one were to
undertake to devise a system by which the
greatest amount of inexperience and incom-
petency should be brought into the public ser-
vice, he could not invent one which would
supersede the present in that bad eminence.
SUCCESS IN OTHEK COUNTRIES.
This subject attracted the attention of thought-
ful men long before it was acted upon in any
of the western civilized nations. Boswell, in
his life of Johnson, records the following con-
versation a hundred years ago :
"Sir Alexander [Maedonald] observed that the
chancellor? in England 'ire chosen lroul views much
inferior to tiio otiicc, being chosen from temporary
political view.-.
"Joihivja. Why, sir, in such a Government as ours
no mun is appointed to an otfice because he is the
fittest tor it; uor hardly ill any othor Government,
because there are so many connoct!ons and depend-
encies to be studied. A despotic Power may choose
a man to an office merely because he is the fittest for
it. The kins of Prussia may do it."
This result has been achieved not only in
Prussia, but, so far as regards the minor offices,
in England also; and the success in these Gov-
ernments is so great and so beneficial as to
encourage the attempt to obtain the same end
in our own. The science of government is
progressive; and statesmen should not over-
look the fact that great discoveries have been
made in the laws that govern nations, as well
as in those of nature, and that improvement
and development are common to both.
LEADING FEATURES OF THE BILL.
As the evil which the bill now reported is
designed to remove is of such great magni-
tude, so the remedy for it is thoroughly radical,
in the best sense of that word, it does away
with all personal influence; bribery ot all kinds,
either by personal recommendation or polit-
ical reward, becomes impossible. It destroys
all political or personal patronage. Zeal in
pushing the claims of a friendly politician is
not. admitted to be evidence of fitness for an
appraiser's place in a custom-house. Activity
at primary meetings or in party conventions is
not to be considered conclusive evideuce of
fitness for handling the people's money. Skill
in using money at elections is not to be deemed
the best proof of capacity for collecting the
revenues. Vigilance in canvassing registra-
tion or alertness in challenging voters at the
polls will not weigh much in favor of an appli-
cant for a clerkship in the Pension Bureau or
in the Quartermaster General's department.
In short, the bill proposes a means of discov-
ering the absolute fitness of the person desir-
ing to enter the public service for the particu-
lar branch of th'e service to which he wishes
to devote himself.
The bill does not exclude or interfere witli
the constitutional power of the heads of
Departments to make appointments to their
xuboidinare offices. It limits that power to
selections from a class of persons whose fit-
ness for such employment shall be decisively
ascertained. In the Army and Navy such
questioning is had, not only at the outset,
but at each stage of the novitiate's career;
and the beneficial result is shown in*the great
names that have illustrated each branch of the
warlike service. But what renown has ever
blazoned the name of any person who has
entered and continued in the subordinate civil
service of the Government? Vital as the effi-
ciency of that service is to the conduct of the
Government, who seeks employment in it from
motives of patriotism, who enters upon it as a
career, who, when once engaged in it, feels
that his place is as sure as his merit?
PRESENT VICIOUS MODE OF APPOINTMENT.
I might multiply these questions, to which
none but disheartening answers could be given.
To make the subject more clear take a single
custom-house as an example. Each consid-
erable custom-house has three officers of pres
idential appointment, the collector, the naval
officer, and the surveyor. Each of these must
receive confirmation from the Senate. We
will admit that none but competent persons
can pass that ordeal. But in the great ma-
jority of cases the men who receive these ap-
pointments have not received the education,
and have not had the experience to qualify
them for the performance of the duties of their
offices. But suppose them to be capable of
learning and to have learned the duties of their
offices, for the performance of all these duties
they are entirely dependent upon their subor-
dinates ; and each and all of them are, under
the law, to be appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury or by the collector of the port.
It may be assumed that both the Secretary and
the collector are politicians, and prefer to have
their political friends in office; and that under
the custom that has prevailed since President
Jackson's time, they will strain some points
in favor of their friends. The result is that
the collector is an autocrat, so far as concerns
the appointment of all his subordinates. A
very pleasant thing for the partisans of an
Administration in power; but how does the
Government fare under such a system ? How
are the revenues collected by which the more
direct taxes upon the people are lightened?
Let us see.
ITS EVILS ILLUSTRATED.
In the theory of the revenue laws every ship
entering any one of our ports is, with her cargo,
in the custody of the revenue officers until the
duties upon all dutiable goods in -her cargo
are paid or secured according to law. The
surveyor of the port and his subordinates first
take possession of the ship and cargo and hold
possession or supervision of them till the
duties are paid or the goods are deposited in
the bonded warehouses. All the dutiable
goods that enter the ports of the United States
are for at least twenty-four hours in the charge
of these subordinates of the surveyors of the cus-
toms. And the evidence which the committee
has taken shows that t heap subordinates are the
creatures of the collector, almost uniformly
politicians of the lowest grade, appointed to
these posts of inspectors and night watchmen
for their political services at ward or primary
meetings, and too often from their relation-
ship to prominent politicians, and that, with
here and there a rare exception, they have no
peculiar fitness for the duties they undertake
or skill in the performance of them. They are
liable to be removed and persons wholly inex-
perienced appointed in their places at any
moment. So prevalent has been the propensity
to make changes within the last two years that
some surveyors testify that they do not know
at the close of one day wh it men their force
will be composed of for the performance of
their duties on the next. During every night,
in every port and at every wharf in the United
States, every cargo of dutiable goods is, theo-
retically, in the charge of these inspectors
and night watchmen. Imagine a steamship
with a cargo which ought to pay a million
in duties lying at a wharf patrolled by one of
these inspectors just appointed for his merito-
rious services in some local election where
money had been freely used to control votes;
or a fraudulent invoice submitted to the scru-
tiny of a clerk who had obtained his office as a
reward for his skill in disposing of the same
corruption fund. Why should smuggling be
resorted to at out-of-the-way places when it
can be accomplished at little risk or cost by
some gentle persuasion upon these vigilant
servants of the country? Now and then the
really vigilant revenue officers make a seizure
of some smuggler's goods among the bays
and inlets of the intricate sea-coast of Maine,
or along the northern frontier, or the vast
coast line of the Gulf; but in the great
ports a steamer's cargo can be run through in
safety; not the entire cargo of any one ship,
but enough of the cargoes of all the steamships
in port to make the cargo for one. It was tes-
tified before the committee that on two occa-
sions of inspection less than half of the inspect
ors and watchmen on the Hudson river side
of New York were at their posts, and that when
roundsmen were appointed to look more closely
after these delinquents, one was waylaid and
mortally beaten after he had made reports of
their absence from their stations, and another
by a similar assault was made a cripple for
life.
HOW THE GREAT FRAUDS ARE ACCOMPLISHED.
The bold operator in contraband goods
chargeable with high duties does not use the
low schooner, or many oared boat of the tra-
ditional smuggler, but sails or steams boldly
into the large ports, and watches for or buys
his opportunity for landing them. When the
slave trade was profitable the slavers were
fitted out in the port of New York. The great
highway robbers of the present day do not
waylay travelers on barren heaths or along
lonely highways as in the olden time, but they
pounce upon their game amid the crowds that
throng Wall street, or at the bank counters and
in brokers' offices in that neighborhood, where
people, with money in their hands or pockets,
are constantly going and coming. The whisky
excise is not materially diminished by the pro-
duct of small stills in unfrequented places, in
the swamps or among mountains, but the great
illicit distilleries are found intrenched in the
compact portions of large cities, and they have
recently been found so strongly fortified in some
places in and near the city of New York, and so
well defended, that they have had to be taken
by assault. So, thegreat frauds and thefts upon
the customs' revenue are accomplished in the
great ports ; and now that the importation of
certain articles which are charged with high
duties has fallen almost altogether into the
hands of foreigners, who never intend to be-
come citizens of the United States, and who
owe no allegiance to and have no respect for
our Government, but consider it a legitimate
object of plunder, the wonder is that we collect
as much revenue as we do on that class of ar-
ticles. The ingenuity of this class of smug-
glers almost surpasses belief; but the great
tact of the existence of this smuggling, which
causes a loss of millions annually to the Gov-
ernment, is fully proved. And the evidence
warrants my saying that this great amount of
smuggling could not be accomplished without
connivance on the part of some of the officers
of the Government.
EVIL EFFECT OF THIS SY3TEM ON EMPLOYES.
The report will show some of the curiosi-
ties of the business. We do not seek to disguise
the cause of the inefficiency (to use the mildest
term) of these officers. They are all appointed
upon political or personal grounds, and as their
tenure of office is insecure, and they may be
removed at any time without previous notice
and without cause, they do the least_ they can
to earn their salaries. To use a favorite phrase
with them, they " make the most of their time."
Indeed, if any one should prove faithful and
vigilant, and not only see that persons dealing
with the Government act fairly, but also report
any delinquencies of their fellows, their tenure
of office would be more insecure, and any repe-
tition of such fidelity to the Government would
