THE COMJfelSSlOML GLOBE.
tell, Chandler, Cole, Corbeft, Davi'*, Dtxon, Boolittfc,
Edmunds, Ferry, Febsendcn, Fowler, Freftfighuyseja,
(yd u (is, Henderson, IlendneksJlowdKiil-Iowe^Jfthn-
soil, MeCreery. Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mocrill
of Vermont. Morton, Norton. Patterson of IjjTew
Hnmpsliire, Patterson of TerfnesSee, Poteerey, 'Ross,
Saulsbury* Sherman,. Spragoe, Xipton'. Srumbull,
Van Winkle, Victors, Wiliey, Williams, Wilson* and
Yates—42. . * '
NOT VOTING1—Messrs? Anthotty, Oonklmgi Con-
ness, Cragin, Nye. and Wade—6.
So the amendment was'- not agreed £0.
Mr. M0RJ3ILL, of Vermont, haviflg modi-
fied his motion, it was agreed to, ats'fouows:
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next, at eleven o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of deliberation, under fchor.ules
of the Senate* sitting on the trial of impeachments,
and thafcon Tuesday next following, at twelve o'clock
ni., the Senate shall proceed to vote without debate
on the several-articles, of impeachment; and each
Senator shall be permitted to file within two days
after the vote shall have been so taken his written
opinion, to be printed with the proceedings.
The Senate proceeded to consider the res-
olution submitted by Mr. Drake yesterday, to
amend the twenty-third rule by adding thereto
the following:
Tho fifteen minutes herein allowed, shall be for tbe
whole deliberation on the final question, ftnd not to
the final question on each article of impeachment.
The resolution was adopted.
The Senate proceeded to consider the reso-
lution submitted by Mr. Sumner on the- 25th
of April, to amend the rules by inserting the
following additional rule:
"Rule 23. In taking the votes of the Senate on the
articles of impeachment, the presiding officer shall
call each Senator by his name, and upon each article
propo.-'o the following question, in the manner follow-
ing: "Mr. , how say you. is the respondent,
 , guilty or not gaily, as charged in the ar-
ticle of impeachment?" whereupon each Senator
sh'.Ul rise in his place and answer "guilty" or "not
guilty."
Mr. CONKLING moved to amend the pro-
posed rule by striking out the words (.£as charged
in," and inserting the words "of a high crime
or misdemeanor (as the case may be) within."
After debate,
Mr. SUMNER modified his proposed rule
by inserting after the words " not guilty" the
words " of a high crime or misdemeanor."
Mr. BUCKALEW" moved to amend the pro-
posed rule by striking out all after the word
" following" where it last occurs and inserting
in lieu thereof:
Mr. , how say you, is the respondent, An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States, guilty
or not guilty of a high crime or midemeanor (as the
case may be; as charged in the article of impeach-
ment?
Mr. SUMNER accepted the amendment of
Mr. Buckalew.
Mr. CONNESS moved further to amend
the proposed rule by striking out all after the
word " upon " in the fourth line and inserting
in lieu thereof the following:
Each of the articles numbered one, two, three,
four, five, seven, eight, nine, ten, and eleven pro-
pose the following question in the manner following:
Mr. Senator, how say you, is the respondent, Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, guilty or
not guilty of a high crime or misdemeanor as charged
m this article? And upon each of the articles num-
bered lour and six he shall propose the following
question : Mr. Senator, how say you, is the respond-
ent. Andrew Johnson, Presidfint of the United States,
guilty or not guilty of a high crime charged in this
article? Whereupon each Senator shall rise in his
place and answer "guilty" or "notguilty."
A fter debate
Mr. HENDRICKS moved to amend the
amendment of Mr. Coxxess by inserting at
the end thereof the following:
But in taking down the vote on the eleventh arti-
cle the question shall be put as to each clause ofsaid
article charging a distinct offense.
After debate,
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment, and they
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Doolittle, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fowler, Vreiinghuysen, Harlan,
Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, .MeCreery, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Sprague. Tipton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers, and Wiliey—22.
NAYrf—Messrs. Buckalew, Cole, Conness, Corbett,
Ci-agtn,Morton, Patterson ofNew Hampshire, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Williams,
\\ >)son, and Yatea—15.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Catlell,
Chandler-, Conkling, D bton, Fessenden, Grimes, How-
ard, llow'e. Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Saulsbury, Sherman, and Wade—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
After debate,
The question recurring on the amendment
proposed by. Mr. Cokness as amended,
Mr. JOHNSON moved that the whole sub-
ject lie upon the table. -
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays
on the motion, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeaa 24, nays' 11; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Conness, Davis, Doolittle, Drake. Harlan,Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, MeCreery, Norton, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Spra-giie. Thayer,
Tipton,Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers, Wiliey, and
Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Ferry, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sumner, Williams,
and Wilson—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Dixon, Fessenden, Fowler. Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Howard, Howe, Morgan. Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Sherman, Stewart, and Wade—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
Oil motion of Mr. YATES, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn it be to
Monday next at'ten o'clock a. m.
On motion of Mr. COLE, the Senate, sitting
for the trial of the impeachment, adjourned.
Monday, May 11, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation was made by the
Sergeant-at-Arras.
The Journal of Thursday's proceedings of
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. As the Senate meets
this morning, under the order, for deliberation,
the doors will be closed unless some Senator
desires to make a motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the doors are
closed I will submira motion that I believe
will receive the unanimous consent of the
Senate. To morrow will be a day on which
there will be considerable excitement. I move,
therefore, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to place his assistants through the gallery, and
to arrest, without the order of the Senate, any
person who violates the rules of order of the
Senate. I do not know but that is the rule
now ; but it had better be announced publicly
and openly so that everybody can understand
that to-morrow there shall be no marks of
approbation or disapprobation when the vote
is cast.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly that is the stand-
ing order of the Senate now. I have no objec-
tion to the motion, however.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this will give it
more publicity.
Mr. SUMNER. I should say that an inti-
mation made to the Sergeant-at-Arms on that
subject ought to be sufficient.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will state to the Senate that the Sergeant-at-
Arms has already taken the precaution sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the Sergeant-at-
Arms ought to give notice in the morning
papers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would suggest, too, that
before the Clerk proceeds to call the roll to-
morrow morning, as there may be very many
persons in the galleries who are strangers, the
Chief Justice publicly admonish all persons in
the galleries to observe order, and that no
manifestations of applause or disapprobation
will be allowed in the Senate during the day,
otherwise persons so violating the rule will be
arrested.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. That will be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my motion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will clear the galleries and close the
doors.
The Senate Chamber was thereupon cleared
and the doors closed.
The CHIEF, JUSTICE sfated.'tfiat'iH #>:ni-
pliance with: the de-siife of *th% Stfnkfe'if""lillfl
prepared the qu6stiori,'|6 te aa8refe#ef fiiSifi-
ators trpon Cacti articlef of- imjrtacMfetfKj jMfl
that he had reduced hfervie^k thter^iiii to" writ-
ing; whi<ih b:c resfd. -
' ifc. foiTowijJf
motion; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:, '
Ordered, That fche vi.ews @f tlie GbjeftJu $ t ic e; be
entered upon the Journal of tlie proceedings o£ tbe
Senate for the trial of impeachments. -"' *
The following- are- the views of the Chief
Justice: ' , '
Senators: In conformity with whatseettied
to be the general wish of the Senate when it
adjourned last Thursday, the Chief Justice, m
taking the vote on the articles of impeachment^
will adopt the mode Sanctioned bjrttie praWice
in the cases of Chase, Feck, and Humphreys;
He will direct the Secretary to read the
several articles successively, andafter theread*
ing of each article will put the question of
guilty or not guilty to each Senator, rising in
his place, in the form used in the case of Judge
Chase:
" Mr. Senator  , How saj; you ? Is tlie re-
spondent, Andrew Johnson. President of I he United
States, guilty or not guilty of a high misdemeanor, as
charged in this article ?"
In putting the question on articles four and
six, each of whicn charges a crime, the word
" crime" will be substituted for the word " mis-
demeanor."
The Chief Justice has carefully considered
the suggestion of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr Hendricks,] which appeared to meet the
approval of the Senate, that in taking the vote
on the eleventh article, the question should he
put on each clause, and has found himself un-
able to divide the article as suggested. The
article charges several facts, but they are so
connected that they make but one allegation,
and they are charged as constituting one mis-
demeanor.
The first fact charged is, in substance, that
the President publicly declared m August,
18C6, that the Thirty-Ninth Congress was a
Congress of only part of the States and not a
constitutional Congress, intending thereby to
deny its constitutional competency to enact
laws or propose amendments of the Constitu-
tion ; and this charge seems to have been made
as introductory, and as qualifying that which
follows, namely, that the President, in pufsu-
ance of this declaration, attempted to prevent
the execution of the tenure-of-office act by con-
triving and attempting to contrive means to
prevent Mr. Stanton from resuming the func-
tions of Secretary of War after the refusal of
the Senate to concur in his suspension, and
also by contriving and attempting to contrive
means to prevent the execution of the appro-
priation act of March 2, 1807, and also to
prevent the execution of the rebel States gov-
ernments act of the same date.
The gravamen of the article seems to be that
the President attempted to defeat the execu-
tion of the tenure-of-offiee act, and that he
did this in pursuance of a declaration which
was intended to deny the constitutional com-
petency-of Congress to enact laws or propose
constitutional amendments, and by contriving
means to prevent Mr. Stanton from resuming
his office of Secretary, and also to prevent the
execution of the appropriation act and the
rebel States governments act.
The single substantive matter charged is the
I attempt to prevent the execution of the tenure-
of-office act; and the other facts are alleged
either as introductory and exhibiting this gen-
eral purpose, or as showing the means con-
trived in furtherance of th^t attempt.
This single matter, connected with the other
matters previously and subsequently alleged,
is charged as the high misdemeanor of which
the President is alleged to have been guilty.
The general question, guilty or not guilty of
a high misdemeanor as charged, f.eenis fully
to cover the whole charge, and will be put as
to this article as well as to the others, unless
the Senate direct some mode of division,
