1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3491
paragraph by striking out the word " fifty," in
line three, and inserting "twenty-five;" by
striking out the word " two," in line five, and
inserting "one;" by striking out the word
"fifty," in line six, and inserting' 'twenty-five;"
and by striking out " fifty," in line seven, and
inserting " twenty-five ;" so that the paragraph
will read : %
Distillorsproducingtwenty-flvebarrelsorlessof dis-
tilled spirits, counting forty gallons of proof-spirits
to the barrel, within the year, shall each pay $100,
andif producing more than twenty-fivebarrelsshall
pay in addition four dollars for each such barrel pro-
duced in excess of twenty-five barrels.
Mr. Chairman, I will say, first, that the
amendment which I propose will make no dif-
ference whatever to the Government in the
amount of revenue that will be produced. It
will be observed that $200 on fifty barrels
makes exactly four dollars perbarrel. Now, to
make each distiller who distills twenty-five bar-
rels pay $100, and then pay four dollars in ex-
cessoftwenty-five barrels, will, when it reaches
fifty barrels, realize for the Government the
amount fixed by the provisions of this'section.
It will yield precisely the same revenue, and it
will give a better chance to the small distillers
than they Vould have under the section as it
nowstands. Now,undertheunjustandoppress-
ive legislation of the last two years, many of
the small distilleries have been compelled to
Btop. The consequence is that it has worked
very seriousinjurytoanumberofmenwho have
invested their capital in small distilleries. It
has driven the business from the country to the
cities, where fraud can be practiced with more
security. It has caused men who were engaged
in an honest business to stop. I make this
motion for the protection of the small dis-
tillers, and at the same time it must be manifest
to every gentleman that it will produce just as
much revenue as the section now stands.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that amendment
■will not be made. It was originally proposed
that distillers should be assessed a much larger
tax, of $1,000 upon two hundred barrels and
less. But after consultation and consideration,
in order to accommodate the demand and ex-
pectation of those representing the smaller dis-
tillers, we came down to fifty barrels. I really
think we have got about low enough. I know
there are small distilleries in the country;
and I know it is the policy in every other coun-
try than ours, as far as practicable, to confine
the business of distilleries to a few persons. I
believe they have gone so far in England as to
bring it down to eight persons. We do not
expect anything of the kind in this country.
I believe my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Koontz] has about twenty-six distillers, more
or less, in his district.
Mr. KOONTZ. Thirty-odd.
Mr. SCHENCK. Thirty-odd in his own dis-
trict. Surely there ought not to be any attempt
on the part of the Legislature of the country
to encourage and increase the number of these
small distillers. We have by this standard put
it down to a point so low that a fifty-barrel dis-
tillery, or less than one quarter of a barrel
per day, is provided for. I doubt very much
whether we ought to put it any lower than that.
I hope the amendment will not prevail.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Kooxtz, and it was not agreed to; there
being upon a division—ayes eight,_ noes not
counted.
Mr. STEW ART. I move to strike out the
paragraph relating to retail liquor dealers.
The paragraph was as follows :
Retail liquor dealers whose annual sales do not
exceed $2,500 shall each pay twenty-five dollars; if
exceeding $2,500 and not exceeding $5,000 shall each
pay fitty dollars; if exceeding^,000 and not exceed-
ing $10,000 shall each ]#ty $100; if exceeding $10,000
and not exceeding $20,000 shall each pay $200; and
if exceeding $20,000 shall each pay $1 000. Every
person who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits,
wines, or malt liquors, in less quantities than one
quart at a time, or in any quantity, to be drank at
the placc or on the premises where they arc sold,
shall be regarded as a retail liquor dealer. And any
peddler who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits,
fermented liquois, or wines, shall pay in addition to
hi* special tax as a peddler the special tax of a whole-
sale or retail liquor dealer, according to the amount
of his sales.
Mr. STEWART. The reason I have for
moving to strike out this paragraph is simply
this : dealers of liquors who sell to the amount
of $25,000 a year now pay a tax of twenty-five
dollars ; dealers who sell more than $25,000 a
year are regarded as wholesale dealers, and
charged a different tax. Now, it strikes me
that this class of business ought not to be wiped
out of existence by special legislation. Yet
if this tax is adopted by this House it will
reduce the number of retail dealers one-half.
They now have to pay not only this twenty-five
dollar tax, but they have to pay a tax on their
rentals, amounting in the aggregate to a very
large sum. Now, I thought, and I think it was
so understood by the House, that this bill was
to refer specially to distilled spirits. It is well
known that retail dealers in liquors do not deal
and retail out whisky coming from the still,
but they do deal in whisky worth from five to
ten dollars a gallon—that is, the most of them
do ; ninety-nine out of every hundred. In
any event, it strikes me that the committee will
see at once that if my motion to strike out
is not agreed to this paragraph should be
amended so as not to be as burdensome as it
will be in its present form. I think it should
be stricken out and the law allowed to stand in
this respect asitnow is. There is nothing to be
gained by this provision this year even if it
should be adopted. The retail dealers have
already taken out their licenses, which run from
the 1st of May this year to the 1st of May next
year.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Under the existing law
retail liquor dealers and wholesale liquor deal-
ers are divided by a line indicated by the amount
of sales. That is, every mail selling less than
$25,000 a year is styled a retail liquor dealer ;
every man selling more than $25,000 a year is
styled awholesale liquor dealer. The commit-
tee, for reasons which Ithink will be obvious to
every one, have abandoned that arbitrary divis-
ion between wholesale and retail liquor dealers.
We now define a retail liquor dealer to be any
man who sells in quantities less than a quart, or
who sells liquor to be drank on the premises,
following the much more sensible definition
found in the statutes of most of the States.
And we have defined a wholesale liquor dealer
to be any one who sells in quantities above a
quart, as, for instance, by the bottle or case of
bottles, or by the gallon or barrel or otherwise,
and who does not sell liquor to be drank at the
place where sold. This, I say, is the distinc-
tion adopted in the statutes of most of the
States, and it is founded in reason. The man
who sells by the case, by the demijohn, by the
barrel, not to be drank at the place where sold,
sells upon a different principle and with a dif-
ferent degree of profit upon his sales from the
man who sells by the drink. The man who
sells liquor in larger quantities, not to be drank
where it is sold, is treated as a wholesale dealer,
whatever may be the amount of his sales, and
is charged upon those sales three per cent.
The man who sells by the drink makes a very
much larger profit. While the man'who sells by
the gallon, demijohn, or barrel makes a profit
of ten, fifteen, or twenty per cent, upon his
stock, the retailer who sells by the drink makes
from one hundred to four hundred per cent.
Mr. STEWART. But all these retail deal-
ers are taxed by the local authorities, and taxed
very heavily.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know they are ; and we
propose also to tax them. Yet, notwithstand-
ing all that, the retail liquor dealer will pay
under this bill one per cent., or between one
and two per cent., while the wholesale liquor
dealer will pay three per cent. We have fixed
what is considered to be a high rale of tax,
but I think not too high.
Mr. CARY. Are druggists who sell liquors
as medicines embraced in this bill ?
Mr. SCHENCK. This has nothing to do
with them.
Mr. CARY. They often sell by the pint.
Mr. SCHENCK. There-is a provision for
that.
Mr. CARY."That is what I wanted to know.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
pending paragraph by striking out the first sen-
tence, as follows:
Retail liquor dealers whose annual sales do not
exceed §2,o00 shall each pay twenty-five dollars; if
exceeding$2,500 and not exceeding $5,000, shall each
dollars; if exceeding $5,000and not exceed-
ing $10,000, shall each pay $100; if exceeding §10,000
and not exceeding $20,000, shall each pay $200 ,■ and if
exceeding $20,000, shall each pay $1,000. *
And inserting in lieu thereof the following :
dealers whose annual sales do not
exceed $o00, shall each pay twenty dollars; if exceed-
ing SoOO and not exceeding $1,250, shall each pay fifty
dollars; if exceeding $1,250 and not exceeding $2,500,
shall each pay $100; if exceeding $2,500 and not ex-
ceeding $5,000, shall oaeh pay $200, and forty dollars
for each additional $1,000 on all sales in excess of
$5,000.
Mr._ Chairman, I ask the attention of the
committee to this amendment, which I ofFer in
good faith, and which I hope jvill commend
itself to the judgment of the House. The "bill ■
as reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means taxes retail dealers; and retail dealers,
as the House will have observed from the re-
marks of the chairman of the committee, are
those who sell liquor by the small to be drank
at the place where sold. They are taxed by
the bill one percent, upon the amount of their
sales. Wholesale dealers, it will be seen, are
taxed two and a half per cent. ; considerably
more. I presume that every member of the
House is aware that no traffic is so profitable ;
certainly no traffic in spirits is so profitable as
the retail liquor traffic. No other class of^ersons
are so ready and willing to pay a tax. Whatever
other evils attach to the business, certainly it
is not a kind of traffic that makes the dealer
penurious or close-fisted. Every gentleman
who was connected with the Army during the
war will bear witness that the license to traffic
in spirits was one for which men would give
almost any price; and the profit made from
that traffic was very great. I see no justice in
taxing the wholesale dealer two or three times
as much as we tax the retail dealer. It is re-
versing the true policy. The retail dealer can
afford to pay a larger percentage. His profits
are immensely larger than those of the whole-
sale dealer, and I think we ought to take this
into consideration in our policy of taxation.
.The gentleman from New York says this is a
thing that can bear taxation. There are things
which in the language of legislation will bear
taxation. The polipy of the law is to collect
the tax, notin one bodyatthe tail of the worm,
as under the present law, two dollars a gallon
and no more, but to carry the tax along aod to
collect a little from the man who makes the
still, a special tax on the distiller, a special tax
on the number of bushels of grain which rep-
resent the capacity of the still, and then a tax
of fifty cents at tlue tail of the worm, besides
a tax upon the retail dealers and the wholesale
dealers. As was properly stated by the chair-
man of the committee the aggregate of the tax
on whisky as it comes to the consumer would
be a little under a dollar a gallon. Now, sir,
it seems to me the tax we have reported in the
bill, of one per cent, on retailing spirits, is en-
tirely incommensurate with the other taxes in
the bill. I hope, therefore, my amendment
will be adopted. The amendment, as I have
offered it, commences with a small tax on
those who deal to the extent of §500 a year.
This will embracc those who expect to carry
on the business for a short time, such as at places
of amusement, or at watering places, where the
traffic will be carried on only for a few months.
For that class of persons I thought it proper
to commence at $500. I graduate it up to the
large hotels in the cities and towns, where the
traffic amounts to thousands in the course of
a year. I hope the gentleman will accept my
amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What will the amend-
ment add to the aggregate tax on whisky per
gallon?
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentlemancanmake
the calculation. It is a mere matter of arith-
metic which his mind can work out for him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not think the gen-
