4516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
one vote, and I appealed to Mr. Wilt.ey, who sat
opposite to me, stating that I Eindo this, because lie
had told me ho should voto tor the eloyonth article.
My colleague nt that time united with Mr. Hender-
son and Mr. Tkcjibull in an urgent appeal for post-
ponement, not to take the voto at all. Mr. Xkum-
bull was not decided that the President would be
acquitted on that article, and therefore he argued
for postponement. Mr. Henderson assured me that
if there woaldbeapostponementtlicProsidont would
reorganize his Cabinet. I said, who will take a place
in his Cabinet now ? So far as I was concerned, the
Cabinet was as good as the President. It was no
motive to urgo to me. to change the Cabinet. Said
I, who will take any office in the Cabinet? Revordy
Johnson, he said, would, and Mr. Hooper would,
Mr. Evarts would, and he mentioned the name of
Groesbeck, whether he mentioned any particular
place or not. He designated no particular plaoc
except that Mr. Hooper, of the House, wouldgointo
the Treasury. I wanted to know if he had be on
making arrangements for office whilo wo wero trying
the criminal, He said lie had gotit second-handed;
he did notsay whero he gotit. Mr. Trumhuli. inter-
fered with some conversation, and Mr. Henderson
said he had had no conversation with the President,
but learned this from other sources, but did not tell
the souroe. My colleague said at that time that I
had him down on my papor for some of the articles,
and he desired to notify me that ho was doubtlul on
some of the articles. Mr. Henderson said I was
mistaken also in regard to several ot her Senators on
whom X relied, but did not name them. Jio said ho
know on whom I rolled. This paper was not shown
to anyofthem. Mycolleaguoiotiiiiated no particu-
lar article on which he was doubtful, but said if we
wero pushed to a voto on Saturday I might consider
him doubtful on some of the aiticles.
" Question 18. Ill the course of the con versa! ion was
the position Mr. Evarts would occupy mentioned?
"Answer. I understood that it was to bo that of
Secretary of State. The last convocation X had with
my colleague was on Friday evening bolero the day we
voted. He dined with me at my house, and at the
dinner table, belorc the family and others who were
present, we were discoursing upon the geneial sub-
ject of what wascontainediii thoarticlesnf impeach-
ment and the fact that wo had to vote the next day.
My colleague ropoated what he had previously said,
that he preferred to have it postponed, and wanted 1
should voto for postponement. When the conver-
sation turned upon the eleventh articlo ho oaul it
was the strongest article of all; ho was fi oer to voto
for that than any, because itwas thestrongestarticlo.
lie said he was in favor of the conviction of the
President, and that was tho strongest articlo, in his
mind. When lr. came to leave, at about half past
six, I accompanied him to the door. Ho then said he
hoped we would put it oil and not vote. I said that
would bo a question for the majority, and I asked
him if he had changcd his mind in rcgaid to those
particular articles, if wo were compelled to vote. Ho
said he had not; it he was obliged to vote ho had not
changed his mind on that subject, but he preferred
not to vote, and discoursed at some lutlo length upon
tho Administration being entiiely accessible to us if
we would only hold it, over the President's head.
That was thelastcunversation 1 had till tho morning,
ten minutes before wo voted. I then conveised with
him in the presence of Tieaddeus Stevens, of the
House, lie told me that if wo forced tho vote on .1
might consider him doubtlul on any of tho articles,
and hoped that I and others would voto for the post-
ponement. T used the reasons that, occurred to me
at the time to induoo him, if obliged to voto, to vote
according to what ho had previously told mo wero
his convictions.
" Question 19. How came Mr. Thaddeus Stevens
there?
"Answer. He was passing by the door of the Sen-
ate and halted as ho saw X was conversing with Mr.
Ross. It was a short conversation; only half a
minute or a minute, perhaps.
" Question 20. Do you know your colleague's con-
dition as to property?
"Answer. Only in a general way, not definitely.
He is generally understood to have a small property
in Lawrence, where ho lives. Ho has a house and
village lot.
I' Question 21. "Worth how much?
" Ansioer. X should suppose $2,000, perhaps, or in
that neigh borhood.
't' Question 22. Is that all?
" Answer. I have known of his having a claim for
a quarter soetion of land.
Mr. President, it is farthest from my inten-
tion or desire to comment upon this testimony,
or to characterize it in any manner whatever,
but will leave this part of the subject with a
simple statement of the facts of the ease as
they occurred.
The conversation alleged to have taken place
in the room of the Sergeant-at-Arms occurred
on Thursday, the 14th of Ma}', two days before
the vote on the eleventh article. I had passed
into the room, where I found Senator Trum-
bull, and fell into a merely casual conversa-
tion with, him about the impeachment. While
so engaged my colleague came in, and after
the conclusion of my conversation with Sena-
tor Trumbull, was about to pass out, when
my colleague desired me to remain. We re-
tired to a corner of the room, when he com-
menced by asking me how I was going to vote
on the impeachment. I replied that 1 did not
know—that I should probably vote for some
of the articles, and not for others. He then
informed me that he was canvassing the Sen-
ate—that he had got the names of thirty-five
Senators, pledged, every one of them, in their
own handwriting, for conviction, and wanted
my pledge to make conviction sure.
The idea of polling the Senate in this man-
ner on such a question struck me as rather
novel, to say the least, and I desired to see tho
list. He then produced a yea and nay list, and
opposite the names of about thirty Senators
were figures indicating the articles npon which
they would vote for conviction. Opposite my
own name, to my surprise, 1 found myself sot
down for conviction on the first, second, third,
eighth, and eleventh articles. 1 had not before
seen the list., consequently those figures could
not have been in my own handwriting. On
exatniuing further I discovered a remarkable
similarity in the ehirography of nearly all the
figures, indicating that the whole was probably
guess-work, intended as a fraud with which to
entrap me into a written committal for convic-
tion. I then informed my colleague that he
had no authority to put me down ou the list at
all, either for or against conviction ; that 1
should probably vote for conviction on the first
article, as that, in my judgment, contained all
there was in tho whole bill of indictment; that
the eighth 1 should not support, and that as to
all tho others enumerated, 1 was undecided ;
that, their fate depended very much on thai, of
the first article. If that wero carried, I said
to him, these would be very much strengthened
thereby, but if that were lost, in my opinion
all the others went with it.
These are the precise words used, and nearly
all that were used. My colleague then took a
pencil and drew it around the eighth article, to
indicate that 1 should not support it, and also
made a dot tinder all tho others except the
first, to indicate that they were doubtful. I
have not seen the list from that day to this,
bat these marks upon tho list can be substan-
tiated by any person who will take the trouble
to refer to it.
This was on the afternoon of Thursday. Tho
second intervdew was ou the evening of the
same day, at tho rooms of Senator Van W inklk,
at the National Hotel. Senators Henderson,
Trumbull, Wili.ey, Van Winkle, and myself
were there by agreement. During the evening
Senator Pomeiioy came in. In the course of
a conversation that ensued between him and
Senator Henderson, he stated that conviction
was certain, as thirty-six Senators had pledged
themselves in writing so t.0 vote. I asked my
colleag«e if he counted me among the thirty-
six. He answered that he did. I then re-
peated the conversation and the circumstances
attending it that we had had in the room of the
Sergeant-at-Arms in the afternoon, and he
admitted after some hesitancy that my state-
ment of it was correct. I then assured him
that he need not count upon my vote as certain
for conviction under any circumstances ; that
I insisted upon a postponement of the vote,
and said to him, after he had repeated that he
wanted to know how I should vote, as others
were asking him about it, that if any one in
the future asked him how I was going to vote,
to say that he did not know.
This was substantially all that passed between
us until Friday evening, at his own residence.
I had called there to procure a copy of the
Anthony telegram, which was addressed to us
jointly. At this interview not one word passed
between us on the subject of impeachment, at
the table or elsewhere, until I had gone out
npon the steps after dinner, and stood waiting
for a street ear. He then asked me if I felt
about the impeachment as I had expressed
myself on the previous evening. I said I did,
and was still desirous of a postponement.
This was all that passsd between us until Sat-
urday morning, when he met me at the lobby
doorof the Chamber, andcommenced an urgent
appeal to me to vote for conviction, suggesting
that to vote otherwise would be my political
death at home, and also that a vote for acquit-
tal would be investigated on charges of bribery.
I assured him that X had determined npon the
course I should take, and was prepared to take
the consequences. I requested him,^ also, to
say to those who wore urging the impeach-
ment that if they forced it to a vote on that
day it would certainly bo lost, as I was de-
termined to secure a postponement at all haz-
ards.
This is the substance, in fact all the mate-
rial conversation relating to impeachment-, that
passed between my colleague and myself during
tho period covered by his testimony. The
misstatements contained in that testimony I
can only ascribe to a defective memory, and
there I propose to leave it, at least for the
present.
This, however, is a fair sample of the entire
report so far as it relates to myself, and, I doubt
not, so far as it relates to others. That report
is a tissue of falsehoods, wiilful perversions of
facts and distortions of testimony from begin-
ning t.o end. Having found it false in so
important a particular as the case cited, is it
not reasonable, without specifying further, to
presume the whole to bo of the same char-
acter?
It will be borne in mind, Mr. President, that
the testimony contained in this report was all
taken in secret. No information was afforded
me as to the charges that were to be investi-
gated, what witnesses or whether any were to
be called, no opportunity given for replication
or explanation of circumstances that might
otherwise be misconstrued, or even that an
investigation was to be had. Certainly I may
claim it to be due to a Senator that he at least
bo allowed to know something of a proceeding
designed to blacken his character, and degrade
him from his high and honorable position, if
not to face his accusers and their witnesses.
The meanest criminal is guarantied this by the
most sacred and obligatory of our laws.
But nothing of this sort was permitted. That
comity which has heretofore been observed
between the two Houses of Congress was ut-
terly broken down. The verdict of guilty was
pronounced in advance, and then proof dili-
gently sought to substantiate it. No tribunal
in the world ever more thoroughly earned the
designation of a Star Chamber Inquisition.
The merest trifles are caught up and magnified
into "proofs confirmation strong,'' when a
single explanatory word would have rendered
their use in support of the accusations of the
inquisitors utterly ridiculous, and have saved
tho country the absurd and humiliating spec-
tacle which that committee now presents to
the gaze of the country.
What are the American people to think of
such a procedure? Nowhere in the world is
private and public integrity more general or
more highly prized than here. Nowhere in
the world are public men so free to act accord-
ing to the dictates of their own personal reason
and judgment. Nowhere in all the nations of
the earth is personal independence and manly
courage in the maintenance of personal con-
victions so thoroughly appreciated and so
highly honored, How, then, must a brave and
courageous people view this insidious and
malignant assault upon personal independence
and private character by one whom common
rumor makes the loathsome embodiment of
all the crimes denounced in the decalogue ; by
one who, it is believed, prostituted a high mil-
itary office, in the time of the country's great
trial, to the satisfaction of a private, sordid
greed ; by one to whose inefficiency and cow-
ardice the bleaching bones of many of the
patriotic dead of the wax* are a fearful and
melancholy memento -, by one whose well-
known groveling instincts and proneness to
slime and uncleanness have led the public to
