3492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
tlemau would offer an amendment without
making the calculation.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is three per cent, on
the amount of sales.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say, in reply to the gentleman from Tennessee,
that this was considered over and over again
in the committee, and I believe every member
of the committee, except my friend from Ten-
nessee, came to the conclusion that the amount
in the paragraph is all we can procure from
this class of persons. I hope, therefore, the
amendment will be voted down.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must be permitted to
say, as "the secrets of our prison house" have
been exposed, that my recollection is different.
Mr. PRICE. Let me ask my colleague a
question. The estimate of (lie tax under this
bill is one dollar a gallon upon whisky. This
proposes a. taxjaf one per cent. One per cent,
of a dollar is one cent. Now, 1 ask whether
they cannot bear a tax of four per cent?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CARY. In the fifty-fifth line, after
the words "malt liquors," I move to insert,
"except druggists and apothecariesso it will
read:
Every person wlio soils or offers for sale distilled
spirits, wmos, or malt liquors, except drnssists and
apothecaries, in 1 quantities than one quart, nt a
time, or in any quantity to bo drank at the place or
on the premises wlierethey arc sold, shall bo regarded
as a retail liquor detaitur.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is so mani-
festly proper that 1 will not consume the time
of the committee in debating it.
Mr. SCliENCK. 15y the general law, which
is not interfered with, this has already been
provided for. If the gentleman will look at
it, he will find it provides that no apothecary
shall be required to pay, in addition, the
special tax as a retail dealer in liquor in con-
sequence of selling alcohol, or selling or dis-
pensing, on the prescription of a physician
wines and spirits officinal in the Unitpd States
Or other national pharmacopoeias, ill quanti-
ties not exceeding half a pint at any one time,
and not exceeding in the aggregate cost value
thereof the sum of $300 in any one year. There
is the provision saving their right to sell for
medicinal purposes. It remains in the general
law.
Mr. CAUY. I suppose it does remain in
the general law. This is ij new law, and they
are not excepted, and I want them to be
excepted.
Mr". SOHENCK. This act does not inter-
fere in the slightest degree with the general
law in regard to special taxes.
Mr. KLDR1DUK. I rise to oppose the
amendment. I understand the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio to be to authorize
apothecaries and druggists to sell spirits in
cases where other retail dealers may not, with-
out the same obligations and duties, or the
same taxation. Now, I know there are a great
many people who have ail immense amount of
confidence in these apothecaries and druggists.
But I tell you those are the places where all
these hypocrites, all these men who desire to
be considered on the sick list, go to drink
under cover. They go and take their draftis
at these apothecary shops. They are men
who never want to pay much. They are never
willing to go to a place where liquor is sold in
the regular way; but they sneak into the apoth-
ecary shops or drug stores, and there get a
treat out of a friend without paying a cent.
Now, if there is any class that ought to pay
the tax on what they sell it is these apotheca-
ries who allow their friends to sponge their
drinks out of them. I am decidedly in favor
of taxing them to the highest degree. And I
am confirmed in this opinion by my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Anderson*,] who holds his seat
here for a short time with us. And this,
perhaps, is the last counsel he will give us.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What amendment
is the gentleman opposing?
Mr. ELDR1DGK. I am opposing fheamend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart.]
I knew my friend would rise on this occasion,
for I suppose I have included him in the re-
marks I have made. [Laughter.] 1 am
opposed to all this kind of discrimination.
Let everybody who sells liquor pay according
to the quantity he sells, whether he sells .as
apothecary to those men who will not drink at
any other place, or whether he sells to that
honest class of people who drink whenever
they are dry at the first place they come to.
The amendment of Mr. Cary was re-
jected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out all
after the word ''dollars," in line fifty-eight, to
tho end of the paragraph. I believe, Sir. Chair-
man, that the Government can be robbed of
hundreds of thousands, and perhaps millions,
by these perambulating distributors of distilled
spirits roving under a special tax. Now, if
this provision is stricken out it will result in a
large saving to the revenue. I invite the atten-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means to
what extent the revenues can be defrauded
under this provision. I shall leave it to the
committee to propose a provision in the place
of this one that shall more certainly protect
the revenue. If you wish to collect the tax on
distilled spirits you must confine the sale of it
to known and permanent places of business.
Mr. SCliENCK. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee might have provided, and did once draft,
a bill providing that, no peddler should sell.
Mr. JNGKRSOLL. That is just what ought
to be now. if not, by direct prohibition, it ought
and could be done by imposing so heavy a tax
upon such persons that it would amount to a
prohibition. However, I only made the mo-
tion in order to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the subject and then leave it with
them.
> Mr. SCIIENCK. But there is a little dif-
ficulty in the way. The Supreme Court of the
United States has decided that you cannot
prohibit a man from doing a business in any-
thing. But you can put a tax upon it. There-
fore we fell back upon that decision, and pro-
vided if they do sell that they shall be charged
like other wholesale and retail dealers, and
that charge is, as has been indicated in refer-
ence to rttail dealers, higher, and for whole-
sale dealers three per cent, oil everything they
sell.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I offered the amend-
meut to hear what the chairman of the com-
mittee could offer. A very high tax will prob-
ably accomplish the object. I now withdraw
the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Stewart's
motion, to strike out the whole paragraph in
relation to retail dealers, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move to insert after the
word "sales," in line forty-five, the words
'■of distilled spirits manufactured in the Uni-
ted States so that it will read :
Retail liquor dealors whose annual sales of dis-
tilled spirits manufactured in tho United States do
not exceed,
It has been stated in this debate that this tax
is intended to affect whisky distilled in this
country. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means stated in his opening speech
that that was the object of all these taxes. Now,
the object being to increase the tax on distilled
spirits manufactured here, why do you make
these dealers pay on spirits which are imported
into this country ?
Mr. ALLISON. Wo cannot distinguish.
Mr. STEWART. Why do you make your
provision so narrow as it is? It will be the
means of wiping out of existence hundreds of
thousands of small taverns throughout the
country. I do not suppose it is the intention
of the House to pass a prohibitory law. We
are not here to legislate for temperance or for
intemperance, but for the purpose of raising
revenue.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman think
we ought to discriminate in favor of foreign
producers and against our own producers?
Mr. STEWART. The foreign production
1 pays a tax by way of impost, yielding a very-
large revenue to the country. Brandy is now
selling at ten and twenty dollars a. gallon that
used to sell at two, three, and four dollars a gal-
lon. The object of my amendment is to carry
out the intention avowed by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to fix a tax
upon distilled spirits manufactured here, and
he referred to this very paragraph, as well as
to the tax on wholesale dealers, as being for
that purpose. I say you are inconsistent unless
you adopt my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not see the inconsist-
ency that tho gentleman speaks of. I did say
th&t if you put one per cent, on sales or three
per cent, on sales of wholesale dealers of liquor
it would be that much added to the tax on
domestic spirits, but I did not say that the
same amount put on the sales of foreign spirits
might not also be in tho same proportion a tax
on them.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask what
proportion of distilled spirits is sold by retail
dealers ?■
Mr. SCHENCK. We cannot tell.
Mr. STEWART. It is very small, indeed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no. Whatever it is
there is a percentage upon it, and so of whole-
sale dealers. Whatever they sell there is a
percentage upon it, and you can calculate the
percentage whether on the foreign or domestic,
for it is the same on both. Now, the law has
never made a distinction in taxing dealers,
trades, businesses, between dealing in that
which is foreign and dealing in that which is
domestic. For instance, iu the present law a
wholesale dealer is defined in this way:
.Every person shall bo regarded as a wholesale
dealer whose business it is for himself or on commis-
sion to sell or offer to soil any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise of foreign or domestic production, &c.
Here we charge it upon dealers in spirits and
we do not make any distinctio'n between foreign
and domestic spirits, and if we should it would
be a premium of so much in favor of the for-
eign. It is true that foreign liquors pay a duty.
So do all foreign goods; and yet we charge a
dealer in foreign goods the same as dealers in
domestic goods. And another difficulty would
be that if you put your tax upon your whole-
sale or retail dealer on the domestic produc-
tion 'alone, and thus give a large premium to
the foreign production, you would find that
every one would be drinking foreign liquors.
Mr. STEWART. They have to pay a twenty-
five dollar license tax besides.
The amendment of Mr. Stewart was not
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to amend
this paragraph so that it will read as follows:
Retail liquor dealers whose annual sales do not
exceed $7,500 shall each pay twenty-live dollars ; if
exceeding #7,500 and notexccedim; flO.OOO shall each
pay lifty dollars; if exceeding #10,000 and not exceed-
ing $15,000 shall each pavijlOO; if exceeding $15,000
and riot exceeding $25,000shall each pay $200: and
in addition shall pay twenty-five dollars per $1,000
of sales in excess of $25,000, <tc.
I offer this amendment because I represent
New York city in part. Probably the com-
mittee are not aware that so far as our local
tax upon this kind of business is concerned it
amounts to §250. That is the local tax for the
city and county of New Y'ork, Kings county,
and Richmond county. Now, if you impose
this additional tax upon retail liquor dealers
in the city of New York, the result will be, as
I said before, to drive one half of them out of
business. I do not stand here as the special
advocate of these retail liquor dealers. I am
neither a strict temperance man, nor am I a
man in favor of the use of spirits as a beverage.
But I think it is our dut^here to pass a law
under which they can live. I do not sup-
pose it is the duty of this House, no matter how
much members maybe in favor of temperance,
to pass a prohibitory liquor law. If the amend-
ment I have proposed be adopted, ynu will be
doing justly and fairly by this class of persons.
I do not know a State in this Union where
there is not a local tax on taverns.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to oorrect the gentle-
