1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26^
the Senator from Nevada I am in favor of
liis bill. I know how much he has been troubled'
with suggestions of this kind; but I would
respectfully suggest to him that he had better
let it lie until the Senator from California
comes in.
Mr. STEWART. I told him that I should
call up the bill; but at the suggestion of Sen-
ators I will-allow the bill to be passed over for
the present. I hope to have an opportunity
to call it up in the morning hour to-morrow,
when I trust it will not occupy five minutes.
This is about the fourth time I have had it up
already.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana withdraw his motion to
refer?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
from Nevada proposed to postpone the bill
until to-morrow. That can be done, leaving
my motion pending.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
not insist upon his motion. I think he had
better withdraw it.
Mr. HENDRICKS._ If the bill cannot go
over without ray motion being withdrawn I
shall withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
can be postponed, and if that be done it car-
ries the motion to refer with it.
Mr. WILSON. If this bill is to go over I
move to postpone all prior orders and take up
Senate bill No. 186.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Nevada to pro-
pose that the bill before the Senate be post-
poned until to-morrow. If there be no objec-
tion the order to postpone will be entered. The
Chair hears no objection.
GOVERNMENT PROPERTY AT HARPER'S FERRY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 186.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 186) providing for
the sale of the lands, tenements, and water
privileges belonging to the United States at
or near Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jeffer-
son, West Virginia.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War
to make sale of the lands, tenements, and water
privileges belonging to the United States at
and near Harper's Ferry, in the county of
Jefferson, West Virginia, in such parcels and
on such terms as shall, in his opinion, be best
adapted to secure the greatest amount of money
therefor ; and the proceeds of the sale are to
to be applied by him as follows :
First. In defraying the expenses of making
the sale.
Second. In refunding to the United States
the principal sum of purchase-money paid for
the lands and water privileges by the United
States; and
Third. If any surplus remains, he is to de-
liver it to such agent as the Legislature of the
State of West Virginia shall appoint to receive
it,; but upon condition that such surplus shall
be received by the State of West Virginia, to
be set apart, held, invested, used, and applied
as a part of the school fund of that State,
under, and by virtue of, and in manner and
form as provided in section first of the tenth
article of the constitution of West Virginia,
and for no other purpose.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia proposed to amend the bill by adding
to it:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of War shall have power to convey by deed all
those certain portions of the aforesaid property which
have heretofore at various times been set apart by
proper authority for religious, charitable, educa-
tional, and town purposes.
Mr. WILSON. The committee propose to
modify that amendment by striking out all
after its enacting clause and inserting:
That the Secretary of War be authorized and di-
rected to convoy by deed to Storer College, an insti-
tution of learning, chartered by the Legislature of
the State of West Virginia, all those certain por-
tions of the aforesaid property and buildings, with
the lots on which thoy stand, numbered thirty,
thirty-one, and thirty-two, and also building No. its,
with enough of the lot on which it stands to give a
breadth often rods on High street, otherwise known
as Washington street; all of said buildings and lots
being situate at Harper's Ferry aforesaid, being the
same which have heretofore been assigned by the
War Department to the Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands, for educational pur-
poses; and also to convey by deed to the proper per-
sons all such other lands and buildings, portions of
the aforesaid property, as have heretofore been set
apart by the proper authority for religious, char-
itable, and town purposes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This seems to be rather
a rich mine that is opening up here. I do not
know why the Government of the United
States should be giving its property to the State
of West Virginia, improved'firoperty, on which
the money of all the people has been expended.
Nor do I know why it should be giving to some
seminary of learning or college a portion of its
improved property. Nor do I know sufficiently
well why the Secretary of War should sell that
property. It is not a valuable time now to sell
it. There are no restraints in this bill upon
the sale. There are no guards to secure an
honest sale or a full price. There is no require-
ment that the property shall be exposed at pub-
lic sale, no provision for securing a competition
in the sale of" this property, but a simple pro-
vision that the Secretary of War may sell it.
How is it to be sold? To whom? To what
favorites? On what bargains? With what
speculations? How are all the people who
wish to buy to be allowed an opportunity to
buy? What notice is to be given I This bill
is not such an order of sale as would sustain
the disposal by a sheriff of a corner lot in an
obscure village in the West. It provides for
no public notice. It has none of the guards
that experience has shown to be necessary in
the disposal of public property by any public
officer. What will not sell is to be given to a
college. I suppose this is property that the
Government has paid for and improved. 1
think wo had better know something about it-
Mr. RAMSEY. I think I can make a sug-
gestion that will meet the approbation of the
Seuator from Indiana. The provisions to
which he objects are relative to the disposition
of the surplus left after paying the expenses
of the sale and the first purchase money. I
think this was the scene of the sufferings of
John Brown ; and perhaps it would meet the
approbation of the Senator from Indiana if we
were to strike out the appropriation to the
State of West Virginia and give it to the heirs
of John Brown.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ The Senator from Min-
nesota can do with his own money what he
pleases. If he wants to make a donation of
his funds to the heirs of John Brown I have
not a word to say. When he proposes to give
property that the people of Indiana, along with
the rest of the people of the United States,
have paid money to improve, then I question
his right to give that property to John Brown's
heirs, or to give it to any seminary of learning,
or to give it to the State of West Virginia.
The fact that the proposition is to give a sur-
plus aboye a certain amount to the State of
West Virginia makes no difference. The prop-
erty belongs to the United States in its entire
value. You can give the whole of it just as
well as you can give a part.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is, I think, rather
late in the day for a Senator coming from one
of the western States to ohjeet to giving a part
of the lands of the United States, however ac-
quired, for the benefit of learning in the several
States. It is a " new wrinkle," as it strikes
me. I had an impression that with reference
to the public lands the Government of the
United States had a perfect constitutional right
to give them away if it saw fit; to dispose of
them as it liked. It may "dispose of" the
public lands. These lands, however acquired
or however they may have been used, are a
part of the public lands, because they are owned
by the public. I believe that the State of In-
diana has had a very respectable portion of the'
public lands for the benefit of education ; and,
if I recollect the history of the country aright,
the old State of Virginia is said, to have been
exceedingly liberal in the matter of the public
lands, and to have given what at least was sup-
posed to be a-good title to a vast territory for
the benefit of the United States. Our friends
at the West, by a system of laws to which I
have not made any objeclion, have had large
portions of the public lands given them for the
benefit of education and for sundry public pur-
poses in those States. I have never heard any
horror expressed at the idea of giving a portion
of the public lands for the benefit of education
and for other public purposes in those States.
The thing has gone so far that, as a general rule,
what there was left after these grants has been
given partly, under the homestead law, to indi-
viduals who would settle in those States, and
partly, and in a very large degree, for the benefit
of those States, in the way of railroads. The
people have made railroads by the aid of public
lands which have been granted for that pur-
pose to an almost unlimited extent.
So far has this gone that I, for one, living
in an old State "away down east," have
finally, after my experience here, given up
looking after the public lands at all. I take it
they all belong to the States where they are
and to the people of those States, and are to
be used for their purposes; that they will have
them anyhow, that we cannot help ourselves,
and that it is no use to trouble ourselves about
it, one way or the other; that it is interfer-
ing really when we ask a question about the
the public lands in the new States; and it is
considered an impertinence on our part, and
as interfering with the rights they have to
the lands within their limits, no matter how
they were acquired, no matter if we bought
them of Indians, no matter how we got them
or what we paid for them, or anything of the
kind.
This is a new break out from one of the old
western States on the part of my friend from
Indiana, I think, to raise a question with re-
gard to giving away some of the lands of the
United States for the benefit of education.
Now, how is this matter? As I understand it,
there is a certaiu portion of land belonging to
the United States in West Virginia, a consid-
erable territory. It has been occupied for pur-
poses of the United States. They want it no
longer for those purposes. The territory being
situated as it is, the lands are more or less valu-
able, and it is proposed to sell them for the
benefit of the United States. Whether the bill
is sufficiently guarded so as to have them prop-
erly sold or not, is a question which may well
be considered and well be raised. I had not
looked at the bill with reference to that point;
but the bill proposes that certain lands which,
while they belong to the United States, were
assigned heretofore for the use of certain insti-
tutions of learning and for certain other pur-
poses in that region of country, municipal pur-
poses some of them, may be" deeded to those
institutions which have been using them, andto
which they may be valuable in aid of education.
This college, Storer College, as I understand,
as, in fact 1 know, has been organized for the
purpose of education in West Virginia, and
large sums of money have been raised by the
subscriptions of individuals for the purpose of
founding the institution. One individual re-
siding ill my State gave $10,000 to raise a fund
for it to bo established in the State of West Vir-
ginia, that being considered a good placej and
a school was begun there, and a certain num-
ber of lots, some three or four lots, of land
were assigned by the Secretary of War for the
use of that school, now become a college with
good prospects : and the question is whether
the Government of the United States can give
out of these lands to the State of West Vir-
ginia, part of a State which gave the whole of
the great Northwest, or was supposed to give
very nearly the whole of the original lands of
that great Northwest Territory, a few lots for
the purpose of a location of such an institu-
