THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
following resolution to notify the House of
Representatives.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The order will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to inform
the House of Representatives that the Senate, sitting
for the trial of the President upon articles of im-
peachment, is now ready to receive them in the Sen-
ate Chamber.
The order was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
notify the House of Representatives.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the order that I submitted the other day as
to reading the articles.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order which the Senator from Oregon
proposes to take up.
The Executive Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That the Chief Justice, in directing the
Secretary to read the several articles of impeach-
ment, shall direct him to read the eleventh article
first, and the question shall then be taten on that
article, and thereafter the other ten successively as
they stand.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not debatable, I
suppose.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON. But I rise to inquire the
reason for changing the order of the articles?
Mr. CONNESS. I object to debate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Sickness is the reason.
Mr. HENDRICKS and Mr. JOHNSON
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary
will read the order again.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
taking up the order for consideration, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resnlte'd—yeas 34, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Ilarlan, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—34.
NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle.Fessenden, Fowler, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, McCreery, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ross. Sauisbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
and Wiliey—19.
NOT VOTING—Mr. Grimes-1.
So the order was taken up for censideration.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question now
is on the adoption of the order proposed by
the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of that order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Sergeant-at-Arms announced the pres-
ence of the House of Representatives at the
bar, and the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, as in Committee of the Whole, pre-
ceded by Mr. E. B. Washburne, chairman
of that committee, and accompanied by the
Speaker and Clerk, appeared and were con-
ducted to the seats provided for them.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to have the ques-
tion stated.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Chief Clerk read the order submitted
by Mr. Williams.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Ilnrlan, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle.Fessenden, Fowler, Henderson,Hendricks,
Johnson. McCreery. Norton. Patterson of Tennessee,
Ross, Sauisbury, Trumbull,Van Winkle, Vickers, and
Wiliey—19.
NOT VOTING—Mr. Grimes—1.
So the order was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, if it be, in
order, I desire to place on the files of the Sen-
ate my opinion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I will then send it to the
Secretary to be filed. I have not had an op-
portunity to do so until this time in conse-
quence of my ill health.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate now proceed to vote upon the
articles according to the order of the Senate
just adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that motion is
made, I wish to make a motion that the voting
be postponed for half an hour, and I will state
the reason why I make it as the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] stated the other
day. I saw Mr. Grimes last evening, and he
told me that he should certainly be here this
morning. It was his intention 
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber permit me to interrupt him for a moment?
He is here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought he was not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I havesent for him. He
is down stairs. He will be in the Chamber in
a moment. Here he is.
Mr. Grimes entered the Senate Chamber.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw the motion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
on the motion submitted by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. DAVIS. We do not know what the
motion is.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Vermont will please to put his motion in writ-
ing.
Mr. DAVIS, (after a pause.) Mr. Chief
Justice, we understand the motion made by the
Senator from Vermont, and there is no neces-
sity for having it reduced to writing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have reduced it to
writing, and send it to the Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The motion will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That the Senate now proceed to vote upon
the articles, according to the rules of the Senate.
The order was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. By direction of
the Senate the Chief Justice admonishes the
citizens and strangers in the galleries that
absolute silence and perfect order are required.
It will be matter of unfeigned regret if any
violation of the order of the Senate should
necessitate the execution of its further order,
that the persons guilty of disturbance be im-
mediately arrested.
Senators, in conformity with the order of the
Senate, the Chair will now proceed to take the
Vote on the eleventh article, as directed by the
rule. The Secretary will read the eleventh
article.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Article XI.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office,
and of his oath of office, and in disregard of the Con-
stitution and laws of tho United States, did hereto-
fore, to wit, on the 18th day of August, A. D. 1866, at
the city of Washington, and the District of Columbia,
by public speech, declare and affirm, in substance,
that the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United States
was not a Congress of the United States authorized
by the Constitution to exercise legislative power un-
der the same, but, on the contrary, was a Congress
of only part of the States, thereby denying, and in-
tending to deny, that the legislation of said Congress
n was valid or obligatory upon him, the said Andrew
! i Johnson, except in so far as he saw fit to approve the
! j same, and also thereby denying, and in tending to deny,
■i the power of the said Thirty-Ninth Congress to pro-
i; pose amendments to the Constitution of the United
j' States, and, in pursuance of said declaration, the
' | said Andrew Johnson. President of the United States,
afterwards, to wit, on the 21st day of February,
I' A. D.lSliS, at ihecity of Washington, in the District of
!; Columbia, did, unlawfully, and in disregard of the
l requirements of the Constitution that he should take
j! care that the laws bo faithfully executed, attempt to
prevent the execution of an act entitled "An act
regulating tho tenure of certain civil offices," passed
" March 2, 18G7, by unlawfully devising and contriv-
ing, and attempting to devise and contrive, means by
which lie should prevent Kdwin M. Stanton from
forthwith resuming tile functions of the office of Sec-
retary for tho Department of War, notwithstanding
the refusal of theScnate to concur in the suspension
theretofore mado by said Andrew Johnson of said
Edwin M. Stanton from said office of Secretary for
the Department of War; and, also, by further un-
lawfully devising and contriving, and attempting to
devise and contrive, menns. then and there, to fere-
vent the execution of an act entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Aray. for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, and for other
purposes,'.' approved March 2, 1867; and, also, to
prevent the execution of an act entitled, "An act to
Provide for themdre efficient government of tho rebel
tates," passed March 2d, 1867, whereby the said
Andrew-Johnson, President of the United States,
did then, to wit, on the 21st day  f February, A. I).
1868, at the city of Washington, commit and was
guilty of a high crime and misdemeanor in office.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Call the roll.
The Chief Clerk called the name of Mr.
Anthony.
Mr. ANTHONY rose in his place.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Mr. Senator An-
thony, how say you? Is the respondent, Au-
drew Johnson, President of the United States,
guilty or not guilty of a high misdemeanor, as
charged in this article?
Mr. ANTHONY. Guilty.
[This form was continued in regard-to each
Senator as the roll was called alphabetically,
each rising in his place as his name was called
and answering "Guilty" or "Not guilty."
When the name of Mr. Grimes was called, he
being very feeble, the Chief Justice said he
might remain seated; he, however, with the
assistance of friends rose and answered. The
Chief Justice also suggested to Mr. Howard
that he might answer in his seat, but he pre-
ferred to rise.]
The call of the roll was completed with the
following result:
The Senators who voted "Guilty" are
Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, .Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett,
Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Freling-
huysen, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wil-
ley, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—35.
The Senators who voted "Not Guilty" are
Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixo'n,
Doolittle, Flssendex, Fowler, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendiuuks, Johnson, McCree-
ry, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Wixkle, and
Vickers 19
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
now read the first article.
Mr. WILLI4MS. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that the Senate take a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Chief Clerk.)
Read the first article.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, adjourn until the 2Gth day of this month
at twelve o'clock.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Senator from
Oregon moves that the Senate sitting as a court
of impeachment adjourn, until what day?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Tuesday, the 26th instant,
at twelve o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I only ask if it is in order
to adjourn the Senate when it is pronouncing
judgment? It has already decided upon one
of the articles.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The precedents
seem to be, except in one case, and that is the
case of Humphreys, that the announcement
be not made by the presiding officer until after
the vote has been taken on all the articles.
The Chair will, however, take the direction of
the Senate. If they desire the announcement
of the vote which has been taken to be now
made he will make it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That announcement had
better be made. The yeas and nays should be
read over first, however.
Mr. JOHNSON. There may be some mis-
take in the count.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the list., if there be no objection.
