1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3493
man ; there is one State where there is 110 such
local tax.
Mr. STEWART. What State?
Mr. PRICE. The State of Iowa.
Mr. STEWART. Well, there ought to be
such a law there. A retail liquor dealer,
under this provision, will have to pa^ a tax of
twenty-five dollars if his annual sales are
$2,500 or less ; fifty dollars if they are more
than $2,500 and less than $5,000 ; $100 if
they are more than $5,000 and less than
$10,000; $200 if more than $10,000 and less
than $20,000 ; and $l,000if more than §20,000.
If a man sells $20,100 a year you impose a
tax upon him of $1,000. Now, that is unjust
and unfair. Under the present law the license
tax of twenty-five dollars a year has realized
a very large sum. If you adopt this provision
you will not realize one half the amount that
you now realize, because you will drive these
men out of business. I do not stand here to
uphold this business; that is not my object.
But I am here to legislate for the purpose of
securing as much revenue for the Government
as possible.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do you get your $250 tax
in New York ?
Mr. STEWART. A great many of them
have been driven out of the business. The
same license tax is imposed upon the large
hotels, such as the Metropolitan, the St. Nicho-
las, and the like, that is imposed upon the
corner groceries.
Mr. SCHENCK. We discriminate.
Mr. STEWART. Yes; but you do not dis-
criminate far enough. I hope my amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. The argument of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Stewart] is,
that because his State has been very hard on
these retail liqnor dealers therefore we should
be very easy on them. I do not agree to that.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
mentof Mr. Stewart, and it was not agreed to ;
there being, upon a division—ayes six, noes
not counted.
Mr. GETZ. I move to insert after the para-
graph relating to wholesale liquor dealers the
following:
And any brewer who has paid his special tax as such,
being th e owner and occupant of the premises on which
the vaults for the storage ot lager beer ot hisownmim-
ulncture are constructed, may erect thereon and (.new
lu^er beer for his own wholesale sales without being
required to pay an additional special tax upon the
same.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that this amendment is not
in order. It proposes to regulate the rights
and privileges of brewers, 11 matter which is
already provided for in the general law, and
which is not connected with the pending pro-
vision. The brewer is only mentioned here in
order to show that the special tax upon the
liquor dealer is not intended to extend to him.
We do not propose by this bill to regulate
brewers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GETZ. I wish to say, in answer to the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Ohio 
'The CHzVIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and points of order are not
debatable. The Chair rules out the amend-
ment.
Mr. GETZ. I wish to give the Chair my
reasons for supposing this amendment to be in
order. This section relates to brewers as well
as to distillers. It relates to the special tax
upon brewers as well as the special tax upon
distillers.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman will
read the title of the bill he will see that the
subjects which it embraces are extremely lim-
ited, and intentionally so.
Mr. GETZ. I am aware of that; but this
section relates to brewers a.s well as distillers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I move to amend by
adding after the word " dollars," in line sixty-
five, the following;
Provided, That, all sales of distilled spirits in bond
for export shall not be included in the account of
sales upon which the special tax shall be assessed.
So that the first clause of the paragraph will
read as follows :
Wholesale liquor dealers shall each pay $100, and
in addition, shall pay thirty dollars for every SI,000
of sales in excels of $2,000: Provided, That ull sales of
distilled spirits in bond for export shall not be in-
cluded in the account of sales upon which the special
tax shall be assessed.
Mr. Chairman, th& wholesale liquor dealer
may act at the same time as the commission
merchant of the distiller. An alcohol distiller
may be also a distiller of high wines, carrying
on two distilleries and manufacturing both
articles, with the ultimate view of exportation.
The facilities for sale may be enjoyed to a
greater degree by the wholesale dealer, who
perhaps has his agents in foreign countries,
and into whose hands the manufacturer of
alcohol puts his alcohol for the purpose of
negotiating foreign sales. Now, by my amend-
ment I propose to provide that such sales
shall not be taxed. By this bill it is proposed
to tax them thirty dollars on every $1,000,
no matter though the alcohol may be sold
for export. That is a burden upon the
export trade which it is not able to bear.
It is not worth while, perhaps, to discuss this
question at any great length, for there seems
to be a determination here that no export trade
shall be carried 011 from the United States.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire Xp move an
amendment somewhat similar to that which
was proposed by my colleague, [Mr. Stewart.]
I move to amend, so that in the paragraph
commencing at line forty-five the amount of
sales of liquor dealers upon which tax is im-
posed shall be doubled, so as to make the
amount of tax upon sales one half that pro-
posed in the paragraph. I was sorry that the
amendment of my colleague was voted down
with so much unanimity. The provisions of
this bill, as he has remarked, amount almost to
prohibition, and will result not iu increasing our
reveuuefiom this service, butiu reducingit. It
seems to me fiom the manner in which taxesare
piled upon the liquor traffic that itis to a certain
extent an Ishmael, against whom every man's
hand is raised, though 1 do not know whether
itis considered as raiding its hand against every
man. It seems to me that wc might almost as
well adopt a provision that 110 man shall be
concerned in the sale of liquor. I do not desire
to occupy time, but I beg the House to lighten
to some extent the burdens upon this trade.
The object of the committee seems to be to
tax it in every way. In addition to all other
taxes the men engaged in this business have
to pay their regular tax on their incomes. We
have piled tax upon tax, precedent upon pre-
cedent, line upon line, and buried it under tax
so deep it can never survive.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I move to strike out the
following:
And any retail dealer or keeper of a hotel, inn,
tavern, or eating-house, who sells tobacco, snuff, or
cigars, shall pay, in addition to this special tax, the
special tax as dealer in tobaoeo.
Mr. Chairman, the law now is that retail
dealers, keepers of hotels, inns, and taverns
sellingtobacco, cigars, and snuff are exempted.
When the first bill was reported I made the
same motion I now make, to strike out these
words. That amendment was reserved for a
vote in the House. It fell, of course, with the
bill. In this new bill they have added retail
dealers. This will apply to every confec-
tioner, every apothecary, every small store
throughout the country where they may sell
cigars, snuff, or tobacco. There is not one of
them which will not have to pay this tax,
although they may not sell more than twenty-
five or thirty dollars' worth of cigars and to-
bacco. I think it is unjust and unfair to im-
pose burdens upon this class of business. I
presume, Mr. Chairman, it was overlooked
by the committee, and I now call their atten-
tion to it. It applies to every little retail
dealer throughout the country, places where
t.hey do not sell liqnor, but where they keep
cigars,^ tobacco, and snuff for the convenience
of their customers. I hope the amendment
will be agreed to.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 12, noes 88.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to add the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That when tlic manufacturers of, or deal-
ers in tobacco, snuff, or cisars shall have paid the
taxes imposed by this act, they shall have the right
to sell the same in paieeis, by sample or otherwise,
in all the States of the Union subject only to the pay-
ment of such State taxes or licenses as are imposed
by tho laws of the respective States upon their own
citizens who are engaged in tlie same trade or busi-
ness.
Mr. Chairman, if my amendment, is under-
stood by the ruling power in this House there
will be no objection to it. The effect of that
amendment will be to give the dealers in
tobacco, snuff, and cigars in one State a right
to sell them in another State subject to 110
other tax than that which the dealers in that
State are subject to. The equity and justice of
thai provision will occur to every fair mind. I
may say, for the information of gentlemen, if
they do not know it now, in many States there
isasortof " fencing out" legislation practiced.
Dealers from other States are forbidden to
come there and sell their wares by the small.
We have such laws in Pennsylvania. Dealers
of one part of Pennsylvania are forbidden to
come in otherparts. Dealers from other States
are excluded. This article of cigars and tobacco
is easily transported ; and, in point of fact, is
often sold in another State from that in which
it has been raised or manufactured. We pro-
duce some in our own State, and we want to
go into other States to sell it subject to no
other taxes than tliose which dealers in the
other States maybe subjected to. We wish
to be able to go to any State in the Union and
there have the same rights in disposing of this
article as the citizens of that Stale. That is
the object, and purpose of the amendment.
Mr.'MULLINS._ I shall be ghul to under-
stand the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania 111 the way he represents it. It
astonishes me, Mr. Chairman, that an argu-
ment of such a character should come from ihe
quarter it does; for, sir, the Constitution lays
down the doctrine that there shall be no restric-
tion upon the trade between the States. That
is the right guarantied in the Constitution.
Tobacco may go into any State without paying
the tax, except as provided in the general law.
I do not see why it should not be taxed just as
any other tobacco or snuffor cigars, or in what-
ever shape they may manufacture it. That
course of trade is laid down by laws a little
higher than the one that it is proposed now lo
pass, and being a little higher how are you
going to get over it'? It is indirectly coming
up and saying there is a constitutional barrier
in the way. I have always understood that the
Democratic party was the most strenuous in
regard to constitutional powers. Now, 1 do
not accuse them of trying to get around this
in any way, but they seem to ignore it, and
they cannot do it my presence without my
holding them up to their own standard. There-
fore I cannot see the propriety of the amend-
ment, and I shall oppose it.
The amendment of Mr. Woodward was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. CAIIY. I move to strike out the words
"retail dealer or;" so that it will read :
And any keeper ol a hotel, inn, tavern, or eatin;?-
liou^c, who sells tobacco, snuff, or oiprai.s shall pay,
in addition to his special tax, the special tax us a
dealer in tobacco.
It seems to me that in little country places
where we have small groceries and confec-
tionery shops and they keep a little tobacco
and snuff for sale they ought not to be required
to pay this tobacco tax.
