1867.
the
61?
loyalty, was ineligible to a seat in this House,
and it is to that point, and. that solely, that I am
addressing the House. Suppose Mr. Hise was j
as black a traitor as Jeff. Davis himself, it does ,
not foilow that seven thousand legal voters in
the State of Kentuekv and in that district are
to be disfranchised and no voice ot theirs to
be heard in the election of a .Representative,
and that a man who received only 1,201 votes
out of 9,000 votes is to be made a Representa-
tive by a vote of this House.
I admit what the gentleman from Tennessee
says, that we have the po wer to say that anything
is a vote, or that anything is not a vote. But,
sir. in our admiration for the character, the
boldness, the sincerity, and the honesty of this
claimant. I submit to the House whether it is
safe for us to set a precedent here that will just
as surely ''return to plague the inventor" as
that the sun rolls over our heads. It is only
when we are called upon to walk up to the line
of duty and law, when we have such a case as
this presented to us, that it is worth while for
anybody to urge upon this House to take heed
what precedents it sets here. We are in no
danger of setting bad precedents when our
inclinations and onr hearts go along with the
law and with the evidence. The danger only
arises when our inclinations and our hearts
and our sympathy and admiration are all in
conflict with what our convictions of the law
and the evidence are; and my anxiety is lest
this House should be led away from the law
and should set up a precedent of which, .when
they look at it hereafter, they will see not only
the danger but the impropriety and unsound-
ness. !
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will simply remark that he is a very
poor lawyer who cannot find principles of law
sufficient to justify him in doing what he feels
and knows to be right. But the point to which
I wish to ask the gentleman's attention is this:
whether under the existing state of the law of-
our Government respecting the qualifications
of members of Congress a vote kn6wingly,
intentionally, purposely, and designedly east
for a rebel who was disqualified and known to
be so was not just as much thrown away as
though it had been cast for a woman :or for a
fictitious name?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I can under-
stand my friend from Tennessee. I know how
difficult it is for me to enter into his feelings,
or to enter into that effort of his to see every-
thing in the light in which a man from his
stand-point is likely to see it. But I cannot
see how we are going to sit here in judgment
upoh what were the motives or objects of the
elector when he puts his ballot into the ballot-
box and say whether he put his ballot into the
ballot-box in a factious spirit or not, or whether
he voted for Elizabeth Cady Stanton, for in-
stance, in order to insult the House of .Repre-
sentatives because he knew that she was not
eligible to the office.
1 know of no other rule than that rule of law
•wbidh has governed every court in passing i
upon a contested election, that the ballot itself j
is conclusive evidence of what wa3 the voter's
intention, and no evidence outside of that can i
control it. 'j
I know of no court vhicb has ever passed !
upon that question that ever hesitated a moment
in laying down as a doctrine that the ballot, and j
the ballot alone, was the conclusive evidence
of the voter's intention. And for us to be !
engaged here in these times upon any such !
vague and unprofitable pursuits as inquiring ,
into what was the motive of the electors, and I
whether or not the electors, 7,741 of them, in j
the third district of Kentucky, were prompted :
by a factious spirit or not to such an extent '
that by their folly and their faction they are '
disfranchised, I think is not justifiable by any ,
thing involved in this case. |
Mr. COBCJRN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments ? ]
Mr. DAWES. Certainly. |
Mr. CO BURN. I did not suppose that the j
announcement of these simple instructions to :
the committee would lead to such emphatic
and earnest remarks at this time as have just
been made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.] The proper time for such
a discussion as has just been made, it seetn
to me, would be after examination had been
made by that committee whether or not this
man was disloyal, and was so known to be by
the electors of that district. The simple ques-
tion now is whether this House will proceed
with the inquiry. Then after examination has
been made by the committee and they have
answered the question that the man Hise was
disloyal, the effect of that fact upon the elec-
tion will come up, but not till then.
It seems to me- that it is proper for us, to
look now into that question, just as if theelect-
ora of that district had voted for Jeff. Davis,
or had voted for Qileen Victoria, or for any
other person who was totally ineligible, or had
cast blank votes.
Now, if in a spirit of recklessness, or of
rebellion, or of opposition to law and to recon-
struction, or to the proper carrying-on of the
Government, the citizens of any State refuse to
vote for a citizen authorized to hold the office,
are we to say that they have the right.to dis-
franchise their district, or perhaps disfranchise
a whole State? It may be that in the progress
of reconstruction a majority will yet be found
in some of these States who have been in rebel-
lion who will refuse to vote for any man who
\an take a seat here. Yet are these States to
stay out forever unreconstructed and unrepre-
sented? It seems to me not; it would be bad '
policy, it would be unsound and not according
to our republican form of Government. If the
majority of the people'are unwilling in a legal
and regular way to go into an election, then let
those who are loyal, who do obey and regard
the Constitution, who are willing to go into the
election take the power in their hands.
The majority by such action say to the minor-
ity "You may rule," and they should under
such circumstances rule, and in all instances
where they disqualify themselves by treason
i from voting and taking part in the Government
1 or stubbornly refuse to share in its manage-
| ment by voting what is in effect a blank ballot.
; And I ask would the voting of blank ballots
! invalidate an election?
We have reconstructed the rebel States upon
these very principles; we have acted upon these
principles for the last six months—upon the
great general principle that those men should
have the power who recognize the law and are
willing to come up to its requirements. And
with us, in all elections, those who vote tickets
which are not blanks control them, and no
others.
I say, then, let us inquire into the fact
whether or not these people at the time of
the election knew.that Mr. Hise was disloyal.
The fact can be shown from general reputa-
tion if he was disloyal or not. It is not neces-
sary to make an inquiry as to the opinion of
every particular citizen, but the committee can
inquire whether it was generally known and
generally understood that this man was voted
for because he was disloyal.
Mr. DAWES. I think the House fully un-
derstands this case. I will simply add that in
this report the committee were unanimous. I
now call the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
Chair whether, if the previous question should
not be sustained, it would be in order for the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cobubn] to move
to recommit with instructions?
The SPEAKER. That motion would then
be in order.
Mr. MAYNARDw Then I hop© the previous
question will not be seconded.
The previous question was then seconded,
upon a division—ayes 102, noes 22.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon adopting the following resolution:
Retolved, That George D. Blakey is not entitled to
a seat in this House as a Representative front the
third congressional district in Kentucky. 4
Iietolped, That tha oath of office be now adminis-
tered to J. S. Golladay, and that he be admitted to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the third
congressional district in Kentucky.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolutions.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolutions were adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman whom the
House, by the resolution just adopted, hag
declared entitled to a seat as a member will
now be sworn in.
Mr. Golladay presented himself, and was
duly qualified by taking the oath of office pre-
scribed by law.
immigration.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of State, transmitting, in compliance
with the act of July 4, 18G4, a report of the
Commissioner of Immigration relative to for-
eign immigration, the expenditures of the
Immigration Bureau, <fcc.; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
property at harper's ferry.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Attorney General, submitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House of March
26, 1867, an abstract of the title of the United
States to the property at Harper's Ferry, with
his opinion thereon ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
impeaciiment of tiib president.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the question of privilege which was post-
poned till yesterday after the morning hour,
being the following resolution reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, be impeached of high crimes and mis-
demeanors.
On this question the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwell] has the floor. Be-
fore the gentleman proceeds with his remarks
the Chair desires to make an announcement
to the House and the spectators in the gallery.
In view of the disorderly manifestations rpade
last week when the report of the committee on
this subject was presented, the Chair desires
now to say that if such demonstrations be
repeated in, the galleries he shall order them,
to be cleared, although he knows that thereby
the innocent will suffer with the guilty. He is
determined that the order of this House shall
be maintained, and a proper respect be paid to
this body by those who are allowed to witness
its deliberations. If, therefore, any manifesta-
tion of approbation or disapprobation be made
in the galleries, the Chair will order to be
cleared that part where it occurs, or the whole
of the galleries. And the Chair will state fur-
ther, that if, as was the case last week, mem-
bers upon the floor indulge in manifestations
of approval or disapproval, either during the
debate or its termination, however the question
may be decided, the Chair, if he can ascertain
what gentlemen are guilty of such violation of
the rules, will state their names to the House,
the effect of which will be to bring the matter
before the House for such action as it may see
fit to adopt in view of the contempt of its rules.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I shall
feel obliged to ask the indulgence of the House
for an addition to the time allotted to me under
the rules. If it should be the pleasure of the
House to grant me that indulgence I shall be
glad to know it now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has always been
the usage of the House, in granting an exten-
sion of time to limit it, and not to grant addi-
tional time exceeding one hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to gay that I
