1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
lion in West Virginia. That is all the ques-
tion. I do not see anything so very astonish-
ing about it. anything so very remarkable about
it; and certainly, as I said before, the objec-
tion against some public land being given for
thebenefitof educationin West Virginia comes,
I must think, with a very ill grace from- any
State which has had the benefit of public lands
for these same purposes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In my judgment, any
criticism on western Senators, in regard to the
public lands, comes with a bad grace from a
Senator from the State of Maine. Did he ever
reflect on the fact that the General Govern-
ment never realized a cent of money from all
the lands in the State of Maine?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The General Govern-
ment never owned any there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The General Govern-
ment never owned any there, and yet it was a
wilderness when this country was organized.
Why did not the Government own it? Be-
cause the State of Massachusetts would not
cede it when other colonies and other States
were ceding territory for the purpose of pay-
ing off the national debt, and for other pur-
poses. The Senator does not think it wrong
that his State should be benefited by the-en-
joyment of all the lands in that State, and
that Massachusetts and she should enjoy to-
gether the profits of all the sales thatare being
made from time to time. In addition to this
he claims as a special benefit the fishing boun-
ties; and that is all right. But when it comes
to the State of Indiana, because the State of
Indiana has received the sixteenth section, and
because the State of Indiana has received some
aid to her educational enterprise, a Senator
from that State has 110 right to call in ques-
tion the donation of property that the Govern-
ment has purchased and paid for out of the
public Treasury and improved at the expense
of all the people!
Mr. President, I say that as a Senator from
Indiana I can be free and independent in my
whole policy and vote in regard to the public
lands. The Senator from Maine, before lie
criticises a gentleman from Indiana or a gen-
tleman from Ohio, had better examine into the
facts. Does he know that the Government of
the United States has made a clear profit off
the agriculture of Indiana of many million dol-
lars? Does he know the fact that the Govern-
ment of the United States, for extinguishing
the Indiana title for the purpose of the public
surveys, and the expense of the sale of the
publia lands, expends less than twenty-two
cents an acre, and that she has sold these same
lands at the enormous speculation of $1 25
and $2 an acre to the people of Indiana; and
that, including all the lands granted for roads
and for education in the State of Indiana, the
Government of the United States has realized
from the farmers of that State $1 38 an acre?
Including all that you have given, and striking
the balance, counting what has been sold at
$1 25 and what has been sold at $2, the entire
lands of Indiana have realized to the Govern-
ment of the United States $1 38 an acre-
lands that cost the Government but twenty-one
cents and a fraction. You made more than a
dollar of profit off every acre in the State of
Indiana. After you have made such an enor-
mous profit off an enterprise and a pursuit of
the people as 110 Government ever made in the
world off an important interest and enterprise,
then you say to the people of Indiana that her
Senator cannot in good faith, or rather in good
grace, comment upon a proposition to give
away a part of her public lands! Who can, if
a man from Indiana cannot? Who can. if a
Senator from Ohio cannot? The lands in
Ohio have realized to the Government of the.
United States a clear profit of millioms of dol-
lars. So of Illinois; so of Missouri. Strike
the balance, ascertain what these lands cost
the Government of the United States, and then
what the farming people of the West have paid
into the Treasury, and the balance is enor-
mously, by millions, in favor of the settlers.
Then' what is the reason I cannot raise a
question here when you propose to give away
to some seminary of learning, an institution I
never heard of before, a portion of these lands?
What has West Virginia got to do with the
grant of the territory northwest of the Ohio in
1784? I never thought that the title of. Vir-
ginia was the highest that ever was on earth
to the public domain ; but in 1784 she ceded
that land to the Government of the United
States to enable the Government to meet the
public debt, and perhaps for other purposes ;
but the people of Indiana, the men who have
improved that country, have given it its value.
Now, let me say to the Senator one "Lhing 1
that perhaps he has not reflected upon. A :
piece of land away out in the wilderne.-s is of I
no value; but as farmers approach it, each j
farmer paying for and improving a quarter sec- i
tion of land, the Government of the United j
States can finally get $1 25 or $2 an acre for j
that land; then it becomes valuable. It is the j
people, the frontiersmen, the settlers that go
there, who give the value to the land. The
men who live in the eastern States and go and
make their homes in the western States and
make these improvements, are the men who
give value to the land.
Sir, I have no regrets in regard to the votes
I have given in favor of a liberal policy in the
management of the public lands. I think it is
but right. The Government of the United
States, as a great land proprietor, should help
to improve the country. When the farmers
are willing to give us $2 50 an acre for the
reserved sections it is but reasonable that the
Government should give the alternate sections
along the line of a railroad, and let the coun-
try be opened up. If the Senator had investi-
gated the fact he would have seen that there
were hundreds of thousands of acres in central
Illinois, in the midst of the great prairies there,
which never could have been improved and
were worth nothing to the Government until
the grant of alternate sections was made. The
construction of the railroads by the aid of
land grants has made that land what it is—
valuable—and enabled the Government to sell
the reserved sections at the double minimum.
But I do not care about discussing that at
any length. The policy that western men have
pursued on this subject can easily bo vindi-
cated. It stands, in my judgment, on a prin-
ciple. I am as much opposed to the squander-
ing of the public lands as the Senator from
Maine. I11 the main, I think they should be
secured to the people for homes. That is the
first and important purpose of a wise policy.
When you come to sell Harper's Ferry I think
we had better know something about what is
going to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from In-
diana has told me nothing in the remarks he
has made that I did not know before, exccpt
one statement. He says that the province of
Maine was a wilderness when our Government
was formed. That is new to me, and will be
new to the descendants of a great many people
who lived there during the days of the Revolu-
tion at a very early period, in different parts
of Maine. Some parts of it were among the
very earliest settlements of this country. That
statement is new. The fishing bounty remark
was not new. That we meet on all occasions.
Those bounties have been repealed now, and I
supposed, therefore, that we had heard the last
of that subject. But the Senator seems to have
kept it in the recesses of his capacious intellect
to be brought out 011 all such occasions, and
much good may it do him. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, with reference to all this story
about the western lands, we have heard it over
and over and over again. I hope the Senator
does not do so great a discredit to my obser-
vation as to suppose that I should have been
here twelve years and not have been acquainted
with the facts that he has stated with regard
to the improvement of the country, with re-
gard to the settlers who go there giving value
to the adjoining territory—one might guess at
that fact without going there—with regard to
railroads improving the country, and the con-
sideration that when you give away one sec-
tion the next is worth double. All those things
are known to most of us; they are not new;
nor do I feel disposed to dispute them in any
way.
1 never have complained of the policy of
the Government in giving lands to the western
States for educational purposes. I approve it.
I have always approved it. I approve, also,
to a reasonable and proper extent, of giving
alternate sections to railroads. I have voted
for them. But, nevertheless, it is true, and it
cannot be disputed by anybody who has had
any experience here, that the moment an east-
ern man alludes to the question of public
lands in the western States, he is considered as
interfering with a matter that is none of his
business. "Hands off; all that matter be-
longs to us.'' Why, sir, the Committee on
Public Lands here has been made up of west-
ern Senators for years and years. They have
almost thought it was a piece of impertinence
to put a man on that committee from the
eastern States ; that it was exclusively theirs,
and nobody must meddle with it in any possi- -
bit! way. I have not complained of that; and
I have not complained for the reason that
when I find complaint does no good, I stop.
That is the amount of it. I gave public no-
tice here three or four years ago that I was
done talking about the public lands; and
when my friend from Indiana gives public no-
tice that he is done talking about fishing boun-
ties, perhaps he will stand on the same foot
ing that. I do ; but I would not deprive him of
so powerful an argument!
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will make the bar-
gain now. I know the Senator will suffer in
the bargain, but I will make it. [Laughter.]
Mr. B'ESSENDEN. Then I have stopped
that, at any rate from that quarter. Whether
we shall have it from any other quarter I do
not know. Probably we shall whenever occa-
sion serves. But at any rate, we shall hear no
more from the honorable Senator from Indiana
on the subject of codfish. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, the question comes back to what I
stated before : it is a question of land, and land,
whether improved or unimproved, to be given
for educational purposes. It is no more nor
less than that. I say again that when the
western States, under a policy of which, I re-
peat, I do not complain, have received their
lands from time to time abundantly and gen-
erously for purposes ofeducation in those States,
(and 1 hope they have beeu used well for those
purposes,) it does not become them to com-
plain that a few lots are taken out of the pub-
lic lands in the State of West Virginia for the
same purposes. And you will allow me to say
one thing, sir, with regard to the general scope
of the honorable Senator's argument, that it
does not follow because certain persons go into
a new State and settle that therefore, after they
liave got there, they not only own the land that
they have bought for $125 per acre, but own all
the rest of the land that belongs to the Govern-
ment. The Senator's argument goes to that.
He says, " Who gives the value to these lands?
The farmer who goes there and settles; they
would not be valuable but for him." Ergo,
he owns all the rest, is the natural conclusion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
from Maine and I made a bargain a little while
ago that if I would not say "codfish" he
would not say "western lands" any more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I dul not understand
so. [Laughter.] That would stop me in the
midst of my argument. I thought the bargain
was all on one side. [Laughter.] If the Sen-
ator will agree that the subject of western
lands shall never be brought up here again,
and will agree not to mention it on his part, I
certainly will agree that the subject of codfish
shall not come up in his day. [Laughter.]
To make the bargain fair, we must have it
equal all around. This, I know, is all very
kind as between the honorable Senator and
myself. But I repeat, sir, in my judgment,
the thing is eminently proper. The Govern-
ment owns a good deal of land there; how
