1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46M
' the
insult the brute creation by dubbing him
beast?'1
Yet an honorable Senator had the baa taste,
to characterize it by no stronger language, to
insult the Senate and the country, to outrage
the proprieties of the place, and to cast an
uncalled for indignity upon the Republican
Senators who voted against the impeachment,
by declaring in his place a few days ago that
he believed this report to be substantially
truthful and correct; in other words, that he
believed the accused Senators had perjured
themselves and made merchandise of their
votes. _ ,
Sir, that Senator may live long enough to
find a place meet for repentance for having
given voice to so flagrant an insult to his fel-
low Senators. I trust that his Maker may
lengtheu out his span of life to afford him the
opportuuity for that repentance, for he "will
greatly need and greatly desire it- It will not
come to him in the State of Michigan, nor m
any part of that great, free, and generous W est,
whose people instinctively abhor all manner
of meanness, and who never fail to^ visit with
contempt and condemnation a malicious and
cowardly act.
Mr. President, there are many phases of this
question of impeachment which are worthy of
consideration, and which will be permitted to
have their due weight with all impartial minds
in that reviewal of the question which must
inevitably be had in that great court of last
appeal on all questions of public import—the
court of public opinion.
Weighty as present considerations may some-
times appear when viewed only by the light of
present issues, yet he only is the statesman
who looks forward into the tuture ; who judges
the issues of to-day by their prospective as well
as present effects, lie who fails to regard the
interests of the coming time as well as of the
present, is the politician simply of to-day, of
whom history will take little note.
The tiial of the impeachment of the Presi-
dent was, in my judgment, one of those epochs
which occur in the history of all nations, in
which their future destiny is determined by the
ability of the individual to resist the popular
clamor for the perpetration of an act which
aftertime would denounce as a great public
wrong. In this instance the success of the
impeachment would, in my opinion, have been
not only a great public wrong, but also a great
public calamity.
It is undeniably true that three fourths of
the dominant party of the country were zeal-
ously and intensely desirous of the impeach-
ment and removal of the President.
It is undeniably true that during the past
three years he has administered thc Govern-
ment in such a manner as to sorely disappoint
the highest hopes of the party which elected
him. .
It is undeniably true that the governmental
policy he has sought to establish is regarded by
Republicans as of a most mischievous char-
acter and ruinous to the best interests°of the
country. .
It is undeniably true that m the matter of
reconstruction he has sought to thwart the
plainly expressed and undoubted wish of a ma-
jority of the people as expressed through their
Eepresentatives in Congress.
But it is not true, so far as the testimony
adduced oil the trial of the impeachment shows,
that he has willfully violated the Constitution
or the laws.
It is not true, so far as that testimony shows,
that he has done these things with the willful
and deliberate intent to violate the Constitu-
tion or the laws, or to bring disorder upon the
country, or disrepute upon the Government.
It is not true, so far as is shown by that evi-
dence, that he has willfully and deliberately
transcended the prerogatives vested in him by
the Constitution and the laws.
Hence the failure of the cause. Impeach-
ment cannot in any sense b§j said to be properly
a party cause. Articles of impeachment may
originate in partisan considerations, may be
preferred for the accomplishment of import-
ant partisan ends, but when they come to the
Senate for trial they are at ouce divested of aU
such aspects. The highest judicial officer of
the Government presides, and each Senator is
sworn by a special oath of an entirely different
import from that under which he discharges
his legislative duties.
When sworn as members of the court of im-
peachment we took an oath to impartially try
the President. Now, what did J • impartially "
mean in this connection? Did it mean to de-
cide the case according to the desire and ex-
pectation of the Republican party? Did it
mean to dccide it according to our own indi-
vidual preconceived opinions? By no means.
It meant simply what it said, that we would
hear and determine the cause '■ impartially,"
without bias from any cause or source what-
ever, without reference to our own political
sentiments and predilections, and without ref-
erence to the political sentiments of our con-
stituents, fairly and candidly, on its merits,
iiaccording to the Constitution and laws.'1
If the judgment of the party is to govern, if
Senators, in trying a cause ot impeachment, are
expected to represent and carry out the party
will, why go through the mockery of a trial/
On the contrary, why not at once depose the
President by an act of Congress? at once bid
defiance to forms and all inconvenient bar-
riers to the realization of the party will? This
would be the bold, manly way, and the only
way in which that will can at all times be car-
ried out.
To deliberately trample upon law and estab-
lished forms was the only way in which im-
peachment could have been carried as a party
measure, and that no party, however strong,
can afford to do. Vv lien we depart from those
forms of law by which we seek the ends of
justice wc at once inaugurate confusion and
anarchy, and we substantially do that when we
subordinate the issue of a trial, largely judicial
in its nature, to the behests of party will.
A great political party can no more afford
to do a wrong or unjust act in the conduct of
the affairs of the Government than can an
individual in the management of his personal
affairs with his neighbors. History is full of
instances where parties and communities have
suffered reverses by reason of mistakes and
acts of oppression and wrong. Measures con-
ceived in an hour of partisan excitement, and
consummated under the pressure of party dis-
cipline, have been too often condemned and
reversed by the more mature judgment of the
people for me to allow myself to be at all dis-
concerted by the frenzied clamor of to-day over
the failure of the impeachment. History is
not without examples where the courage of
the individual has produced results conserving
the highest good of great communities. _ Ihe
history of the near future will record this as
an instance in which the peace of the country,
if not the perpetuity of our institutions, has
been preserved and secured by the resolution
of a few men who were willing to sacrifice
themselves, if need be, to the blind fury of
partisan hate. By it the supremacy of those
forms of law which underlie all civil govern-
ment have been vindicated ; the scales of jus-
tice are held with an even hand, and the coun-
try is saved from the confusion and demorali-
zation which always follow a departure fiom
the spirit of acknowledged fundamental law.
MESSAGE TROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPbersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report or
the committee of conference on the_ disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
207) for funding the national debt and_for the
conversion of the notes of the United States.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 619) to
extend the laws of the United States relating
to customs, commerce, and navigation over
the territory ceded to the United States by
Russia, to establish a collection district therein,
and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1150) to relieve
Nelson Tift, of Georgia, of disabilities, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had on this
day approved and signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 417) to amend 11 An act pro-
posing to the State of Texas the establishment
of her northern and western boundaries, the
relinquishment by the said State of all terri-
tory claimed by her exterior to said bounda-
ries, and of all her claims upon the United
States, and to establish a territorial govern-
ment for New Mexico;
A bill (S. No. 16) donating a portion of the
Fort Leavenworth military reservation for the
exclusive use of a public road;
A bill (S. No. 621) authorizing the Manu-
facturer's National Bank of New York to
change its location;
A bill (S. No. 576) relating to the district
courts of Utah Territory ;
A bill (S. No. 604) regulating the times and
places of holding the district and circuit courts
of the United States for the northern district
of Florida;
A bill (S. No. 487) to disapprove an act of
the Legislative Assembly of Washington Ter-
ritory redistricting the Territory and reassign-
ing the judges thereto ;
A joint resolution (S. No. 160) appealing to
the Turkish Government in behalf of the people
of Crete; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 151) to drop
from the rolls of the Army certain officers
absent without authority from their command.
KELSON TIFT.
The bill (H. R. No. 1450) to relieve Nelson
Tift, oft Georgia, of disabilities was read twice
by its title.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, reported
to the Senate, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein
the doors were reopened.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and they were there-
fore signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 553) for the relief of A. W.
Ballard •
A bill (S. No. 619) to extend the laws of
the United States relating to customs, com-
merce, and navigation over the territory ceded
to the United States by Russia, to establish a
collection district therein, and for other pur-
poseb« , .
, A bill (S. No. 207) for funding the national
' debt and for the conversion of the notes of the
! United States; and e
A bill (S. No. 1459) to relieve Nelson lilt,
of Georgia, of disabilities.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PKESIDBST.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted ^
resolution; which was considered by imam
' mous consent, and agreed to- ^
' toW, That a oomiatM®6 ot two be appointed on
