2470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
it? Will not the expense increase with the
admitted benefit, and the proportion be the
same in the end? To these questions we are
prepared to give explicit answers. And these
answers are based not upon conjecture, or
inference, or concurrence of opinion, but upon
the direct,and positive testimony of the greater
number of the chief officers in the civil service.
The preponderance of evidence in favor of the
proposed reform is so great that there can
hardly be said to be a minority.
The committee have received reports from
four hundred and forty-six (446) officers con-
finned.by the Senate, in all branches of the civil
service, whose subordinates within the opera-
tion of this act number twelve thousand eight
hundred and nineteen, (12,819 ;) and of these
officers, three hundred and sixty-two, (302,)
having eleven thousand five hundred and sixty-
one (11,561) subordinates, express themselves
decidedly in favor of the proposed reform. Of
the residue, twelve (12) officers, having one
hundred and forty-three (143) subordinates,
express a decided opposition to it, and the re-
mainder either do not answer the vital ques-
tions at all, or answer them evasively, or ex-
press the opinion that the proposed measure
would be either inapplicable or ineffectual in
their districts. This minority consists chiefly
of postmasters in small towns and collectors
in decayed ports or m internal revenue dis-
tricts which yield an insignificant revenue.
Wherever the business of the Government is
large there is a call for active, energetic, in-
telligent men for these subordinate offices, and
the measure is favorably considered.
It is a pleasure, also, to recognize in their
reports the uniform and unqualified testimony
ill favor of the female employes of the Govern-
ment. This bill proposes to give them an as-
sured position in the service, and all who tes-
tify upon the subject agree that their numbers
may be increased under the proposed system
with profit to the Government. - These reports
show that they are diligent in the performance
of their duties, and that they are not peculators
or thieves. In the grades of offices to which they
have been assigned, as an experiment and upon
sufferance hitherto, there are no more honest,
faithful, and capable persons in the service.
The answers to the questions submitted by
thecommiltee support the propositions in every
view, and especially in the economic. We can
state the result of this evidence in the brief
proposition, that by adopting this system the
Government can obtain double the amount of
the present service at two thirds of the present
expense. The immediate cost of the staff of
-the new department is but a trifle to the great
saving to be achieved by the proper performance
of their duties. The losses by defalcations which
this system would prevent have been annually
hitherto more than tenfold the proposed cost of
the entire department. Besides, the fees pre-
scribed for examinations and eertifieates will
make this department nearly, if not quite, self-
sustaiuing. But the great saving will be in the
increase of the collections. If this Govern-
ment had its dues the national debt would soon
be extinguished. Why is there a deficit of tens
of millions in the tax on spirits? Why is it that
whole cargoes elude the customs? Why is it
that smugglers are the chief importers on our
extended frontier? It may as well be admitted
and stated in sharp popular phrase; the smug-
glers are too smart for the revenue officers. I
omit here designedly the element of corruption,
and assume that honesty is a quality of all the
servants of the Government. But talent does
not necessarily prefer unlawful courses to the
lawful; and the design of this measure is to
secure it on the side of the Government. It has
been announced here by the highest authority,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that there are few frauds upon the in-
ternal revenue which are accomplished without
the connivance of some official, and we now
seek to make it the interest as well as the duty
of every official to refuse such connivance, and
to become wholly devoted to the service of the
Government.. Finance and riuenue are being
developed into a science, and the fiscal service
should becomeaprofession. When competent
men shall be trained to the assessment, and col-
lection of taxes and customs, and when it shall
be made their duty to report the results of their
experience to their departments and to Con
gress, the burdeus of taxation may be more
wisely apportioned ; and, if not actually light-
ened, may be so distributed as to be less severely
felt.
THE REFORM PRACTICABLE.
I do not fail to hear the scoffs of the ene-
mies of this Government at the statement of
these propositions. They affect to believe that
virtue in the public service cannot exist. They
are continually declaiming that the Government
cannot collect the taxes on whisky and tobacco,
nor the duties on articles of luxury. Their
reason for their pretended belief, freely offered,
is that the infirmity of human nature is such
that it cannot resist the temptations to dere-
liction of duty offered by those whose interest
it is to defraud the revenue. Oaths, they say,
will not prevent this corruption ; bonds will not
furnish sufficient obligation or security; and
this defiant boast has been almost warranted by
the history of our civil service. Many have
been the defalcations, and few the recoveries
from sureties. Many have been the omis-
sions to collect the Government, dues, and few
the removals in consequence. Thousands are
now drawing their salaries from the Treasury
who know that their delinquencies have cost
that Treasury a hundredfold the amount they
are paid. But is it so with the other branches
of the public service? Who ever loads his
declamations with cases of peculation among
the officers of the Army and Navy? Who
ever charges them with connivance at stealing ?
Who thinks of exacting bonds of an admiral,
or sureties from the commander of a depart-
ment? And why? Because their honor and
the good of the service are one. The admiral
of a fleet may disburse more than the collector
of a port receives; but how different, is the
position of each in the national service ! I de-
sire to see the collector of a port or of a dis
trict raised to an equal position t.o that of a
general or a commodore, but it can only be
by introducing into the civil service the same
esprit de corps, and the same element ofhonor,
that dignifies and secures from reproach the
service of arms.
In all revolutions, revolts, and civil com
motions, from the most ancient times to the
present, historians have remarked that the
chief causes of these evils were to be found
m the civil administration, and that the soldiers
stood aloof until the necessities of the State
required them to intervene. The cause for
this has been found not so much in their dis
cipline as in their patriotism; the State had
made their service honorable, and their honor
became a bulwark to the State. Even the im-
perial historian of our times has recorded that
in the tumultuous period that preceded the fall
of the liberties of Home, as in those that pre-
ceded his own reign, honor and patriotism had
fled from the civil service and were only to be
found under the flag.
I have such faith in the intelligence and pa-
triotism of the American people that I believe
the result can be attained in the service and arts
of peace as well as in those of war ; and under
the instructions of the committee 1 urge this
measure as one great step to that desired end.
When I say that we estimate the saving in the
expense of the collection of the revenues at
one half of the present cost, the total of which
is fifteen millions annually, aud that the ad-
ditional amount that can be collected from
the subjects of taxation proposed to be retained
by the Committee of Ways and Means is at
least fifty millions in the internal revenue and
twenty-five millions in the customs, aud that
we have the evidence to show that our esti-
mates are within the mark, it will need no
figures of speech in addition to these figures
ot arithmetic to commend to our heavily-
taxed constituents the merits of the measure
we propose
To insure complete and immediate success
it would be necessary to expel all the thieves
at once from the public service. This must be
a work of time. The thieves infest every de-
partment. They are to be found in the small
post offices as well as in the grea,t custom-
houses. They are like the trichinee in the ani-
mal system, not only injurious when first intro-
duced, but capable of infinite reproduction to
the danger of fatal results. There is no branch
of the service where they are not to be found,
and their example is so contagious that hon-
esty becomes the exception instead of the rule.
There is no cure but one for sucha'disease.
No new pests must be introduced. Those who
have effected a lodgment may be killed or ex-
cised. The honest and intelligent young men
who will enter the service will soon drive out
many who are lazy and corrupt, by exposure
of their delinquencies. We may not even be
without the hope that some of the thieves may
be transferred from the custom-houses to the
penitentiaries. But prevention is thaonly sure
cause of cure. While the doorways are thrown
open to all comers, let the preliminary ordeals
and the subsequent probations be such that the
incompetent and unworthy shall all be turned
back. When that result can be accomplished
every citizen will feel that his property, and
even his liberty and his life, will be more
secure.
THIS MEASURE ENTIRELY IN BAUllOSY WITH REPUB-
LICAN INSTITUTIONS.
In short, Mr. Speaker, this measure is in-
tended to complete and perfect the great idea
of the Republic. Before the people, for every
elective office in which conformance to the
policy of an Administration is a qualification,
there is always an open competition. The peo-
ple judge of the qualifications of every can-
didate for political office, and decide, for toe
time being, peremptorily. The officers so
elected by the people are accountable to the
people, and their supervision is constant, se-
vere, and, in the main, accurate. But. with
regard to administrative officers, the aids ot
the people's servants, there is no such criti-
cism, accountability, or judgment, it is pro-
posed to create a tribunal which shall accom-
plish all that could be attained from the wisest
popular judgment. When this shall be done
the idea of the Republic will be complete; the
people will elect to political office those with
whom they are best satisfied, and will secure in
the administrative offices the services of the
best talent and the highest integrity and
patriotism they can obtain. Certainly the re-
sult is to be desired: aud the proposed meas-
ure may prove to be the means of securing its
accomplishment.
NOT OF A TEMPORARY OR PARTISAN- CHABACTE8.
It is not urged as a measure of temporary
expediency, or to promote any partisan inter-
est: its puipose is to place the administrative
departments of this Government in the hands
of skillful and honest men, and thus to rpnew
the health_ and life of the Republic. Above
all others, it is a measure ad Jirmandam rem-
puolic(i?n. Ike structure ot our Government
is satisfactory to all, and whatever difference
of opinion there may be about life first prop-
osition in the well-known couplet respecting
the forms of government, we can ail agree,
granting us the Republic, upon that expressed
in its last line:
Xhat which is best administered is best."
I now move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill till Wednesday, the 3d day
of June, after the morning hour.
I he motion was ags-eed to.
Mr. JEXCKE3. I now move, in accord-
ance With the request of my colleague on the
committee, [Mr, Be.ntox,] to recommit the
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was asreed to; and thereupon
Vat tive o clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned,
