3494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Mr. UPSON. Not five dollars?
Mr. CARY. No, sir; not anything. They
only keep it for accommodation and not as
matter of profit. I see a propriety in requiring
keepers of taverns or eating-houses to pay the
tax, because it is a legitimate part of their
business. But these little groceries should
not be required to pay a license for selling a
little snuff and plug tobacco. It is an unneces-
sary tax upon them.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I have
heard from the "Cross-roads" lately, and the
answer was "Bascomiswilling." [Laughter.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend in the
first line of the paragraph by inserting after
the word "sales" the words "exceed five
hundred dollars and ;" so that it will read:
Dealers in tobacco, whose annual salos exceed$500
and do not exceed $1,000, shall each pay five dollars.
It seems to me there is great force in the
argument su^ested by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Gary,] that in these small communi-
ties where for the mere conveniences of their
customers the shops keep a small amount of
tobacco, cigars, and snuff, it is really a very
great hardship to require them to pay a tax of
five dollars. The effect of it will be to prevent
in many communities where these articles are
matters of almost absolute necessity the keep-
ing of it on hand for sale at all. ft seems to
me the tax should not be imposed so as to
work a petty annoyance to the whole commu-
nity. 1 suggest therefore an exemption of
$500 shall be made. It is well enough to im-
pose the tax where the sales exceed $500' a
year.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman had only
read :i few lines lower he would have found a
definition of dealers in tobacco and snuff to be
" every person whose business it is to sell or
offer for sale manufactured tobacco, snuff, or
cigars," I think every man whose business it
is to sell these articles should pay five dollars.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to insert after
the words "eating-house" the words "who
has paid a special tax as such shall not be
Required to pay additional tax for selling."
The object of this is that the retail dealer or
Cavern keeper or keeper of an eating-house
wlio, in addition to having paid the tax on any
or all of these, as the law provides, shall not
be required to pay this additional tax. The
amendment would be nearly the same if we
had proposed to insert one word in the clause,
so that it will read " any retail dealer or keeper
of a hotel, inn, tavern, or eating-house, who
sells tobacco, snuff, or cigars, shall not pay,
in addition to his special tax the special tax as a
dealer in tobacco." Now, sir, there are a great
many tavern and eating-house keepers where
the profits on all the cigars sold during the year
would not amount to the tax imposed by this
section of the bill. I hope the amendment
■will prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I offer the amendment which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
At. the end of lino seventy-five, on page 87, insert:
Lut the payment of any special tax imposed by
this act shall not be held or construed to exempt any
person carrying on any trade, business, orprotession
from any penalty or punishment therefor provided
by the laws of any State: nor to authorize the com-
mencement or continuance of any such trade, busi-
ness, orprolession contrary to the laws of any State,
or in places prohibited by municipal law ; nor shall
the payment of any such tax be held or construed to
prohibit or prevent any State from placing aduty or
tax on the same trade, business, or profession for
State or other purposes.
Mr, PRICE. The only object of that amend-
ment is to prevent a conflict between the act of
Congress and the acts of the Legislatures of
some of the States which have legislated on
this question ; and I offer it with the assent of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no. 1 mean to raise
a question of order on it. „
Mr. PRICE. I supposed I offered it with
the consent of the committee, but it appears
that I do not. I will say, then, that it is just
as the Committee of Ways and Means reported
it in the original bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. The amendment is general legislation
on the subject of special taxes, all of which is
now provided for in section seventy-seven of
the act of 1860, which is now in force and is
not repealed by this bill. The only difference
is that it is better expressed in the amendment
of the gentleman, and he got it out of our
general bill which he helped to lay aside.
Mr. PRICE. I give the gentleman credit
for having put it in very good* shape, and I
want to adopt it here.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is general legislation,
and is to be found now in section seventy-
seven of the act of 18(56.
Mr. PRICE. This will be an act passed
subsequent to that, and it will be held in some
States that this law repeals the other, and
therefore I want this passed so as to "make
assurance doubly sure."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order for two reasons: it is made
too late, and the Chair regards the amendment
as germane to the bill.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 51, noes 49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire now to know
whether it is in order to move any general
sections?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio will qjsserve that, in the first place, he
allowed the amendment to be offered and read
at the Clerk's desk, and the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] to consume half of his five
minutes in its defense, before the point of order
was made; and, in the next place, that the
amendment proposes merely to exclude a cer-
tain conclusion which might otherwise be
derived from this act, and it must, therefore,
be entirely pertinent and in order at this time.
Mr. COBURN. I move to insert after the
word " sales," in line ninety-five, the words
" whose annual sales exceed $100 and." The
object of that amendment is to provide that all
persons who may sell tobacco in amounts less
than §100 a year shall not have to pay the five-
dollar tax. There are many dealers through-
out the country whose exclusive business is not
to sell tobacco, but who keep and sell tobacco
merely for the accommodation of their cus-
tomers, and to compel a man who sells only
a small amount to pay a tax of five dollars seems
to me to be a very small business.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I move on page 88, line one
hundred and two, after the words "eating-
house," insert the words " whose annual sales
of tobacco, snuff, and cigars exceed $500."
The amendment last adopted does not, in any
way, conflict with this. This provides if these
dealers are to be charged a special tax for deal-
ing in tobacco that theyshall makesales amount-
ing to at least some considerable sum before
theyshall be accounted dealers in tobacco. I
will modify mj amendment so as to fix the
amount of annual sales at $100.
Mr. PILE. This amendment is not neces-
sary ; it is provided for elsewhere in the bill.
Mr. MYERS. If that is the ease, I will
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend this sec-
tion by striking out the first paragraph, which
has been amended to read as follows:
Distillers producing fifty barrels or less of distilled
spirits, counting forty gallons of proof-spirits to the
barrel, within the year, shall each pay $200; and if
producing more than fifty barrels shall pay in addi-
tion tour dollars for each suoh barrel produced in
excess of fifty barrels. And monthly returns of the
number of barrels of spirits, as before described, dis-
tilled by him, shall be made by each distiller in the
same manner as monthly returns of sales are made.
Every person who produces distilled spirits or who
brews or makes mash, wort, or wash for distillation
or for the production of spirits, or who by any process
of vaporization separates alcoholic spirit from any
fermented substance, or who, making or keeping
mash, wort, or wash, has also in his possession or use
a still, shall be regarded as a distiller: Provided,
That a like tax of four dollars on each barrel, count-
ins forty gallons of proof-spirits to the barrel, shall
be assessed and collccted from the owner of any dis-
tilled spirits which may be in any bonded warehouse
at the date of the taking effect of this act. to be paid
whenever tho same shall bo withdrawn from such
warehouso under the provisions of the sixty-second
section of this act: And provided. That no tax shall
be imposed for any still, stills, or other apparatus
used by druggists and chemists for the recovery of
alcohol for pharmaceutical and chemical or scientific
purposes which has been used in those processes.
The amendment of Mr. Holman was not
agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Tobacco and snuff.
Sec. 06. And beit further enacted. That upon tobacco
and snuff which shall be manufactured and sold, or
removed for consumption or use, there shall be
assessed and collected the following taxes:
On snuff, manufactured of tobacco or any substitute
for tobacco, ground, dry, damj>. pickled, scented, or
otherwise, of all descriptions, when prepared for use,
a tax of thirty-two conts per pound. And snuff-flour,
when sold or removed for use or consumption, shall
be taxed as snuff, and shall be put up in packages
and stamped in the same manner as snuff.
On all chewing tobacco, fine-cut, plug, or twist:
on all tobacco twisted by hand or reduced from leaf
into a condition to be consumed or otherwise pre-'
pared, without the use of any machine or instrument
and without being pressed or sweetened; and on all
other limds of manufuetured tobacco, not herein
otherwise provided for, a tax of thirty-two cents per
pound.
On all smoking tobacco exclusively of stems or of
leaf, with all the stems in and so sold, the leaf not
having been previously stripped, butted, or rolled,
and from which no part of tho stems have been sepa-
rated by sifting, stripping, dressing, or in any other
manner, either before, during, or after tho process
of manufacturing; on all line-cut shorts, the refuse
of fine-cut chewing tobacco which has passed through
a riddle of thirty-six meshes to the square inch by
process of sifting; and on all refuse scraps and
sweepings of tobacco, a tax of sixteen cents per pound.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend this
section by inserting in the first paragraph the
word "or" between the words "dry" and
"damp;" so as to make the provision eon-
form to the present law in that respect.
Mr. LOGAN. It is exactly right now.
Mr. GAKBTELD. I have made the mo-
tion. That is the way it is in the present law.
The amendment of Mr. Garfield was not
agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I move to strike out the last
two paragraphs, relating to chewing tobacco
and. smoking tobacco, and to insert in lieu
thereof the words " on all chewing and all
smoking tobacco, a tax of twenty-four cents
per pound." The rates fixed by this bill on
these two kinds of tobacco, and, if I may use
the expression, on the different species of the
same kind, are thirty-two cents and sixteen
cents per pound ; ju3t as last year we had dif-
ferent rates of tax?s for different kinds of
cigars and cigars of different values. When
T offered an amendment last year to tax all
cigars at the rate of five dollars per thousand
great objection was made to it, and a sliding
scale was advocated. But the amendment was
adopted, and now the whole couutry agrees
that that plan is best. Now, if we fix the rate
of tax at sixteen cents per pound on all fine-
cut shorts or refuse tobacco, that will allow a
large amount of tobacco such as killiliinnick,
Lynchburg, &c., to come in under this head.
Cigars are now taxed five dollars per thou-
sand. It takes twenty pounds of tobacco to
make a thousand cigars, so that the tax is
about twenty-five cents per pound. The ma-
terial of which cigars are now made can avoid
this tax of twenty-five cents per pound by being
cut up into refuse smoking tobacco, which it
is proposed to tax only sixteen centsper pound.
Now, I think the tax on the higher grades of
tobacco should be reduced, and the tax on the
lower grades raised, so as to make the two
alike.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the tax on smoking
tobacco will not be raised eight cents per
pound, as proposed by this amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Myers was not
agreed to.
Mr. GRAVELY. I move to amend th<j
clause imposing a tax on chewing tobacco by
