1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
much, I do not know; but here are a few lots
which it desires to give, as they have been
heretofore appropriated for the purpose of
affording a location for this college.
Mr. HOWARD. What college is it ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can give you the
foundation of it. It is founded by the religious
sect who are known in our section of the coun-
try by the name of Free-will Baptists—a very
excellent set of people, who have been trying,
of late years, to do all they can to educate
their people. Their doctrine heretofore has
been that their ministers must speak from the
grace of God, and not from any human learn-
ing; and that if they gained anything from
books it was rather an injury than otherwise.
Lately a set of men have sprungup among them
of contemplation, who have been indoctrinat-
ing their people with the idea that education
was of advantage. They have established an
institution which is a very promising institution.
They became interested in the subject of educa-
tion in these States in view of the many people
to be educated, white and black, and they went
to work to collect funds by contribution among
themselves as far as they could, and among
other people who would aid them, to found
an institution for the benefit of learning in one
of the States, (and they selected West Vir-
ginia,) which should be free to all persons,
without distinction of color, white or black.
They have raised, as I stated, a considerable
sum of money. One man gave the amount of
$10,000; and thoy have carried it up to some
forty or fifty thousand dollars. They have
bought a territory there. They began first by
establishing a school, and were permitted by
the Secretary of War to occupy certain lots on
this territory and certain buildings that were
there, which they improved for the purpose ;
and now the institution has been incorporated
by the State of West Virginia, where it is sit-
uated. What they ask is that those three or
four lots that have been set apart to them, with
the buildings on them, may be given to them
by the Government for the purpose of educa-
tion. It is land which the Government has a
right to give. It is a small matter. The other
matters connected with the bill my friend from
West Virginia can explain; and I believe my
honorable friend from Indiana, when he comes
to look at it, will see the propriety of the tiling
itself.
Mr. WILLEY. Of course, Mr. President,
there can bo no objection to any amendment
or addition to this bill which will add to the
security of the sale. I can have 110 objection
to any suggestions in that direction made by
the Senator from Indiana. I supposed, when
I drew the bill and had it referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, that in a case like
this it might well be submitted to the Secretary
of War to devise what, in his opinion, might
be the best means of obtaining "the greatest
amount of money therefor," in the language
of the bill, for it provides that the sale shall
be " on such terms as shall, in his opinion, be
best adapted to secure the greatest amount of
money therefor." If, in the opinion ofthe Sen-
ator from Indiana or of the Senate, that is not
sufficiently guarded, I am very willing to make
other provisions that shall meet their views 011
that subject.
But, sir, I do not see the force of the objec-
tions made to the proposition in this bill by the
Senator from Indiana. This land was pur-
chased originally by the Government for a spe-
cific purpose : the Government went on and
erected buildings there for the manufacture of
arms, and in doing so attracted capital and skill
and population to that place and its vicinity,
and occasioned the people of Virginia in the
vicinity to invest their capital in the erection
of buildings there, and to make their homes
there, and to commence their business there.
When, unfortunately, the rebellion broke out,
the Government works were destroyed, and
now, in the opinion of the Government, it is
not any longer proper to continue those works
at that place. To ascertain what the opinion
of the Government was in that respect I intro-
duced a resolution in the Senate in May, 1S66,
referring the matter to the War Department to
ascertain what the condition ot things at Har-
per's Perry was, and whether it was the pur-
pose of the War Department any longer to
carry on the construction of arms at that place.
The matter was referred to the chief of the
ordnance department, who made the follow-
ing report to the Secretary of War, which was
transmitted to Congress:
Ordnance Office, AT ah Department,
Washington, Man14,1868.
Sir: In answer to the resolution of tho Sonate,
requesting information in regard to tho property of
tho United States at Harper's Ferry, West Virginia,
I have to report:
The Government owns at that place aboutsoventy-
fivo acres oi'improved land, and has tho right of cut-
ting wood on a large tract of unimproved land on tho
south sido of the Shenandoah river.
That is not included within the operation of
this bill, because that is not in the State of
West Virginia:
On the improved land there aro twenty-five dwel-
ling-houses, a powder-magazine, a publie stable, a
repair shop, nine store-rooms, and tho rains of tho
former armory shops. Eighteen of tho dwelling-
houses arc in l'air condition; tho residue, as well as
tho main shops of U10 old armory, have been much
injured during the war, and aro in bad order. Tho
powder-magazine, stable, repair shop, and store-
rooms aro all in good condition.
This department is now using, for the purposes
of an ordnanco depot for tho storage and preserva-
tion of munitions of war, the powder magaziuo, five
store-rooms, tho repair shop, and a dwelling-house
for quarters for the military store-keeper. This ord-
n unco depot is only required for a temporary purpose,
and will bo broken up as soon as tho supplies now
stored there can bo transferred to tho arsenals.
All that has been done, and there is not a
stroke of work going 011 at that place at this
time, nor are there any supplies deposited there
at this time. This report continues :
Harper's Terry cannot, in my opinion, bo ever
again used to advantage for tho manufacture of arms;
tho retention of the property of tho United States at
that place is not necessaiy or advantageous to the
public interest, beyond tho temporary use of so much
as may bo required for tho ordnanco depot; and I
recommend that, as soon as that depot can be broken
up, all the public land, buildings, and other property
there be sold, and the proceeds of thesalo bo applied
to tho construction of the armory in the West, as now
authorized and directed by law to bo established.
The resolution of the Senate is returned herewith.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. B. DYER,
Brevet Major General, Chief of Ordnance.
Hon. e. M. stantox, Secretary of War.
Now, Mr. President, this provides that the
United States shall be reimbursed for all that
it ever expended in the purchase of the land
and for all the expenses it incurred in the im-
provements there. What more can be asked ?
It is not a gift (fo the part of the United States
taxing its Treasury in the least. It is very
possible, I am bound to admit, from my in-
formation, that the land there would now sell
for perhaps one or two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars more than the property originally
cost and the amouut of expenses originally
incurred by the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. How much is it worth
altogether ?
Mr. WILLEY. I can only form an esti-
mate. I suppose it is worth in the neighbor-
hood of a million dollars. That is my esti-
mate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho original cost to be
refunded?
Mr. WILLEY. The original cost is to be
refunded ; and if there be any surplus, that is
to be transferred to the West Virginia eoin-
mon-school fund, under an article of our Con-
stitution, which, if Senators desire it, I will
read. The article is referred to in the bill.
It is as follows:
"All money accruing to this State, being the pro-
ceeds of forfeited, delinquent, waste, and unappro-
priated lands; aod of lands heretofore sold for taxes
and purchased by the Stato of Virginia, if hereafter
redeemed or sold to others than this State; all grants,
devises, or bequests," &c.
Going on to show what shall enter into tho
school fund of tho State of West Virginia, con-
cluding as follows;
"And such suras as may from time to time be ap-
propriated by the Legislature for the purpose shall
be set apart as a separate fund, to beeitllod the school
fund, and invested, undersuch regulations as maybe
prescribed by law, in tho interest-bearing securities
ofthe United States or of this State; and the interest
thereof shall be annually applied to the support of
free schools throughout the State, and to no other
purpose whatever."
Mr. CONKLING. Has an act been passed
by the Legislature to carry out that provision?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir; there has been an
act passed. Our school system is now going
into operation. We are very poor in West
Virginia ;■ we are struggling with all our might
to raise a school fund; we are ignorant in West
Virginia; we had no schools; we were the
''outside barbarians" of old Virginia, in our
mountains, without any influence or power to
appropriate any of the revenues of Virginia
to our purposes. We have, in our necessities,
in our extremities, gone to work, organized a
free-school system, are building school-houses
all over the State to-day, taxing our people to
the utmost that they can possibly bear for
the purpose of erecting school-houses, and I
I am glad to know that, if you were to visit
West Virginia to-day, you would see conve-
nient and comfortable school-houses rising and
showing their white surfaces among our .hills
all over the State, and children gathering there
to receive instruction—a thing that has hith-
erto never been within our power. We have
hoped, inasmuch as we asked from the United
States nothing from its Treasury, but that they
would simply reimburse themselves for the
expenditures that they had made at Harper's
Ferry, that if there was any surplus remaining
they would graciously donate that surplus to
West Virginia, to go into her school-fund, to
help us to carry into effect our praiseworthy pur-
pose. I had hoped that I should not have met
with the objection which the Senator from
Indiana saw proper to make.
Of course it was his right to do it; but when
I shall go into tho State of Indiana and into
the five States created out of the territory
donated by Virginia to the United States, and
see their school systems flourishing there, and
their children virtually educated in many of
those States out of the proceeds of the liberality
of the UnitedStates, andof Virginia originally,
I shall refer to the objection of the Senator
from Indiana to-day, and, unless he withdraws
his objection, I shall entertain, not any malice,
but I shall not think so well of his goodness of
heart and kindness of disposition as I have
been heretofore disposed to do.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask (he Senator a
question. I understand from him that whatever
is left of the proceeds of this sale is to go to
the common school fund of West Virginia?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. IIOWE. I understoodthe Senator from
Maine to say that it was to go to support a
university.
Mr. WILLEY. Let me explain. Sometime
ago some lots upon the hill—I have forgotten
the name of the hill—above Harpers' Ferry,
not at all interfering with the water power
which constitutes the great value of the prop-
erty at Harpers' Ferry, amounting, according
to my examination to from six to eight acres,
upon which there were some iesidence3 belong-
ing to the United States at the time of the war,
were assigned by the War Department to the
Freedmen's Bureau for the purpose of organ-
izing schools. That subject having attracted
the attention of benevolent men in other por-
tions of the country, liberal donations have
been made, and under our corporation law of
est \irgiuia, a college has been organized
without distinction of color or race. As I
understand, there is no distinction ataliiathe
bill, one way or the other.
Now, sir, if men from abroad shall, in their
benevolence, see proper to aid us in the estab-
lishment .of schools in our territory, we shall
only feel so much more obliged to them ; and
we propose and tho bill will pay for the con-
struction of those very buildings that are thus
donated to_this new college—Storer college, I
believe, it is called. It is not proposed to do-
nate those buildings to that college ; but it is
proposed by this bill that the United States
shall reimburse themselves for the amount of
