1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3495
striking out "thirty-two cents" and inserting
"ten cents." I think as great frauds are
being practiced in the collection of the rev-
enue from the tax on tobacco as on whisky.
And tlie very reason for which the Committee
of Ways and Means changed or reduced the
tax on whisky from two dollars to fifty cents
will, in my opinion, operate for the reduction
of the tax on tobacco from its present rate of
forty cents to the rate of ten cents, as pro-
posed by my amendment. The tax on tobacco
is higher in proportion to its actual value, pre-
vious to the imposition of the tax, than the
tax on any other article upon which a revenue
tax is now levied. I am, and have been,
acquainted with the original value of tobacco;
and 1 know that from five to ten cents per
pound was all that it could be sold for in
market. For the last two or three years the
tax has been forty cents per pound, or five
hundred per cent., at least, upon the original
value of the article. In my opinion there are
a great many frauds practiced in the southern
Spates, especially in Virginia, in Maryland, in
Kentucky, and, to some extent, in Missouri, in
consequence of the enormous tax now imposed
upon tobacco. The very same motive for prac-
ticing fraud which has been furnished by the
whisky tax is afforded by the tax on tobacco.
My humble opinion is that if the tax were
fixed at ten cents per pound we should, with
the present arrangements for the collection of
the tax, derive from tobacco more than double
the amount of revenue that will be collected
if the tax be retained at thirty-two cents.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting " sixteen instead of "ten."
Mr. Chairman, the attempt to discriminate be-
tween the various grades of chewing or smok-
ing tobacco has been proved by experience to
be impracticable. I agree thoroughly with the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Gravely1 in
the opinion that with the present high rate
of tax on tobacco, we cannot prevent the
frauds in the collection of the revenue. From
the great facility with which tobacco can be
grown almost every person in every State of
the Union can be his own producer of this
article, and to a great extent his own manu-
facturer. Hence the frauds upon the revenue
■with reference to this article cannot be success-
fully prevented without a material reduction in
the amount of the tax heretofore levied. There
is scarcely a State in this Union in which the
article of tobacco cannot be raised. There is
scarcely a fanner in the country, scarcely the
owner of a lot in a city, who cannot, without
great labor, raise enough of this article for the
consumption of himself and his family. It is
idle to attempt by any machinery, however
complicated or elaborate, to prevent the frauds
which must be practiced if we undertake to
collect an inordinate and excessive tax upon
this article. Because of the difficulty of dis-
tinguishing between the various grades of this
article and because of the facility with which
it can be raised, I have thought it proper to
offer this amendment to the amendment.
On the amendment to the amendment there
were—ayes 39, noes 64.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to. A
The question recurring orn the amendment
of Mr. Gravely, it was not agreed to.
Mr. CAliY. I move to amend! by striking
out in the last line of the section the word
"sixteen" and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "twelve." Mr. Chairman, we are all
anxious that the Government shall derive_ as
much revenue as possible from these luxuries,
tobacco and whisky; but we must be careful
lest by excessive taxation we defeat the pur-
pose wo have in view. Now, sir, you can buy
a hogshead of tobacco, such as is used for the
manufacture of smoking tobacco, for forty dol-
lars ; that is, at the rate of four cents a pound,
a hogshead containing a thousand pounds. By
this hill, as reported, the tax upon that forty
dollars is $160, the profits of the manufacturer
being ten dollars at most. What is the effect
of this enormous taxation, a taxation so much
disproportioned to the cost of production ? A
man who is in the habit of smoking his pipe,
instead of buying a cheap manufactured article
and paying twenty-one cents a pound for it
will buy the best quality of leaf tobacco for
ten cents a pound, and, rubbing it up in his
hands, put it in his pipe and gmolce it, thereby
depriving the Government of the tax. This is
now the practice to a very great extent in the
West. Grocers in the country buy the leaf
tobacco instead of the manufactured tobacco,
thus getting a better article; which they can
sell at one fourth of the price of the manufac-
tured article. Thus the Government loses its
revenue from this source altogether. Even if
this tax be fixed at twelve cents, as proposed
in my amendment, that would be $120 on
tobacco costing forty dollars, which would be
excessive. I think, however, the article can
stand this, but no more. I hope the commit-
tee will consider this matter, and not adopt
such legislation as must defeat the object we
have in view, the raising of revenue from
smoking tobacco.
For similar reasons I am in favor of making
the tax on chewing tobacco twenty-four cents.
By insisting upon too high a tax we shall only
defeat .its collection, as we have done in the case
of whisky. My conviction is (and I will take
this occasion to express it) that even a tax of
fifty cents on whisky is excessive ; that with a
tax of twenty cents the Government would
derive far more revenue.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, under the
present law there are different classes of tobacco
for the purpose of taxation, at. forty cents, thirty
cents, and fifteen ccnts. When the committee
turned their attention to this subject they had
before them, at various times, representatives
from almost every city and town in the country
where tobacco is manufactured, and the repre-
sentatives of almost every house engaged in the
manufacture of tobacco. When they lirstcame
before the committee they thought it was better
to have two classes than three. They proposed
originally the tax should be eight and sixteen
cents; afterward, however, on consideration
of the whole matter with the committee and
with different tobacco interests, they settled
down on sixteen and thirty-two, which the com-
mittee recommend in the bill reported to the
House. The reason the committee recommend
sixteen and thirty-two instead often, thirteen,
and sixteen is that in small packages of from
one ounce to sixteen ounces of smoking, fine-
cut, and chewing tobacco there is convenience
in having the multiple in figures. This division
into ounces for the purpose of taxation meets
with the general approval of the whole tobacco
trade, inasmuch as we have agreed to the sys-
tem of the collection of tax by stamps. On one
ounce it is one cent, on two ounces two cents,
and so on, thus showing the advantage of the
multiple system making a correspondence
between the number of ounces and the number
of cents tax. This is the reason which con-
trolled the committee. It is only lately, a great
many tobacco men having settled down upon
sixteen and thirty-two, have began to cast
around to see whether they could not get some
one to move it down lower.
Mr. Cary's amendment was rejected.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read as follows :
Sue. 67. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act all manufactured to-
bacco shall be put up and prepared by the manufac-
turer for sale, or removal for sale or consumption, m
packages of the following description, and m no
other manner: . ,
All snuff in packages of one, two, four, eight, and
sixteen ounces, except yellow snuff, which may, at
the option of the manufacturer, be put up m blad-
ders not exceeding ten pounds each.
AU fine-cut chewing tobacco, and all other kinds
of tobacco not otherwise provided for, in packages
of one half, one, two, four, eight, and sixteen ounces,
except that fine-cut chewing tobacco may, at the
option of the manufacturer, be put up in wooden
packages of ten, twenty, forty, and sixty pounds
each.
All smoking tobacco, all fine-cut shorts which can
be passed through a riddle of thirty-six meshes to
I move to strike out the
the square inch, and all refuse scraps and sweepings
of tobacco, in packages ®f two, four, eight, ana six-
teen ounces each.
All cavendish, plug, and twist, tobacco in wooden
packages not exceeding two hundred pounds net
weight.
And every such wooden package shall have printed
or marked thereon the manufacturer's name ancl
place of manufacture, and the registered number of
the manufactory, and the gross weight, the tare, and
the not weight of the tobacco in each package: Pro-
vided, That these limitations and descriptions of
packages shall not apply to tobacco and snuff trans-
ported in bond for exportation and actually exported.
Mr. O'NEILL.
following:
Except yellow snuff, which may, at the option of
the manufacturer, be put up m bladders not exceed-
ing ten pounds each.
Mr. Chairman, I do this because it is a rad-
ical change in the law. As I understand, Scotch
or dried snuff is now packed in kegs. It has
been packed in kegs for years beyond the mem-
ory of living man. Now, why the committee
should seek to confine the manufacturers of
snuff and tobacco to these small packages 1
cannot see. It cannot be for the benefit of the
Government. It cannot increase the amount
of taxes. It can do nothing but create great
inconvenience to the manufacturers of snuff,
and subjecting them to great expense and loss.
I also understand, while you reduce the pack-
ages, you are increasing the price ofsnuff to con-
sumerssome fouror fivecentsapound, whereas
if it is continued to be packed in kegs, as now,
you have it in such shape as to make it cheaper.
I speak from information I have received from
gentlemen who represent a firm which has paid
a tax of $80,000 in five months, or about one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars in one year.
I wish to know why this firm, in whose behalf
I speak, having been in business almost a cen-
tury, following the business of their ancestors,
reputable and honest, should not be permitted
to pack snuff as they have always packed it?
The gentleman asks me why they did not coma
before the committee. I do not know. I sup-
pose they did not imagine the committee would
recommend such a change as this. Why, sir,
it will take days to stamp these small packages,
and there will be unavoidable and endless mis-
takes, and the honest manufacturer may be
branded as seeking to defraud the Government
out of this tax without any intention of so
doing. I do not see the necessity of this
clause, and I hope it will be stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think there will
be the least inclination on the part of the com-
mittee to strike that clause out. We have had
before us tobacco manufacturers, and, if we
are not mistaken, this very firm that the gen-
tleman represents.
Mr. O'NEILL. I did not say I represented
this firm or any other. I spoke from informa-
tion obtained from this fir in as given me, and
I believed them to be intelligent men who
should be heard here.
Mr. SCHENCK. These persons can only
be heard in the committee-room or through the
gentleman, or some other member on this
floor. Now, sir, the snuff manufacturers came
before the committee, and they all reprec
sented the great convenience 'in preventing
fraud if we would apply this rule of^small
packages of different sizes for snuff. Wc had
the manufacturers of yellow stiuff before us.
I recollect particularly one from New Jersey.
They agreed on all hands that while the other
kinds might be put up in a different way the
Scotch snuff should Be put up in bladders. S,o
a compromise was made in the committee, and
this section was prepared according to the rep-
resentations made by them of that which they
could submit to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to strike out the
last word, for the purpose of replying to the
chairman of the committee. 1 have in my
hand a protest against this change in the law
coming from these same people. Now, I can-
not say that they are less intelligent than the
manufacturers from New York referred to.
They did not appear before the committee;
that is very likely. I do not know why* Per-
haps they did not dream of arty such change m
