1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Otl.oi-s and Post ltoads.
Mr CONKLING- presented the resolutions oi
the Continental Council No. l;>. Union League
of America, respecting the financial and polit-
ical condition of the country: which were
ordered to lie on the table.
bill* intkodlvkp.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. IBS) for the relief of George E. Glenn,
additional paymaster United States army;
which \\as read twite by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
ilr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. lti;M to amend an act entitled "An act
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for "the service of
the Government for the iiscal year ending June
30, lt>07. and for other purposes," approved
March 2, ISO"; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. COilBETT. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. It purports to be a bill
amending an appropriation act, and it should
go to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CORBEiT. I will state to the Senator
that this bill is an amendment of an act which
requires money to be paid to the actual owners
of certain certiticates in 18C2 and 1803, many
of whom are now dead. It is desired to strike
out that restriction and to pay the holders of
these claims, who have paid their money for
them, and who have been kept out of the money
for a number of years. It is a matter that
pertains to Indian affairs, and I desire that the
Committee on Indian Affairs should examine it
and see whether it is proper and right to make
this amendment of the law.
Mr. GRIMES. The whole Indian appro-
priation bill pertains to Indian affairs and to
no other subject. The bill that this is in
amendment of pertains to the same subject
that this does. That bill, of course, eame
from the proper committee having charge of
appropriations, and that reference would be
proper now. I would also state that the Sen-
ator's colleague had introduced a bill covering
the same ground substantially which has been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CORBETT. At this session '/
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORBETT. I withdraw my motion.
lhe bill was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 170) to provide for deficiency-of expences
incurred in the survey of Indian reservations ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
conserft obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 171) to carry into effect a judgment of the
Court of Claims in favor of the late Asbury
Dickins; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
172) making further provision for widows and
heirs of officers of the Navy, and for establish-
ing naval life insurance; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that I intro-
duce that bill at the instance of an officer of
the Navy of great merit, who has drafted it,
and without committing myself to the provis-
ions of the bill itself. I confess that although
I have casually read them, I am not sufficiently
acquainted with them to know whether it is
such a measure as I can support; but I think
it is proper that it should receive the consid-
eration of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and I therefore move its reference to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
;'! consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
!! resolution (S. No. 71) to suspend the opera-
tion of so much of the act approved April 12,
1866. as provides that the Secretnry of the
Treasury may retire and cancel of United
States notes $4,000,000 per month; which
was read twice bv its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. THAYKR asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 173) for the relief of Ana M. Ilolas y
Robaldo, widow of Francisco Robaldo ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
rNT.xrr.NPED balances in the treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretnry of the Treasury bo,
and he is hereby, requested to iiiiorm the Senate
whether, since the 23d day of June, 1860, any unex-
pended balances of appropriations for the objects
named in the laws making such appropriations have
been used to supply or ou account of any deficiency
of any other item in the same department or office,
or have been transferred to any other account or
used lor any other purpose, and if so by what
authority.
loan to redeem the five-twenties.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Retolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to iuquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury of
the Un' ted States to contracr a loan and issue bonds
of the United States for the same, redeemable at the
pleasure of the Government, alter twenty years, and
payable in forty yea.s, bearing interest at the rate
of five percent, per annum, principal and interest
payable in gold coin, and to place the sameupon the
market for the purpose of redeeming the United
States bonds commonly called five-twenties as they
mature.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I present
this resolution with a view of referring the sub-
ject to the Committee on Finance. I wish to
show the holders of the five-twenty bonds that
we intend to keep the pledged faith of the
Government in regard to its funded debt.
Where payment in coin is so expressed we
will pay in coin ; and where that has not been
expressed heretofore in the laws, let us place
upon the market a long loan, and redeem the
outstanding bonds in that way. It will cer-
tainly be impossible for us at the end of five
years to redeem the vast amount of five-twenty
bonds in gold coin, but the bond-holders can
have them funded into along loan, the interest
at five per cent., and those bonds cannot be
taxed.
I have no doubt the funding of them into a
long loan at a low rate of interest will be satis-
factory to the people and to the bond-holders.
It is generally understood that the municipal-
ities and States have no power to tax the United
States bonds under the Constitution of the
United States. It has been so repeatedly
decided by Chief Justice Marshall, and subse-
quently iu later times in the Supreme Court of
the United States, while Mr. Taney was Chief
Justice. I believe it is generally conceded that
the municipalities, counties, and States have
no power to tax the bonds of the United States;
therefore I think that a long loan should be
obtained giving the Government time to rally
and to return to specie payments. I think that
when we once inaugurate a system for return-
ing to specie payments it will cover this whole
ground, and there will be no reason and no
necessity for passing resolutions pledging the
faith of the Government to pay the principal
and interest in gold coin. But it is proposed
by this resolution that they so pledge them-
selves for a loan which is to be at a low rate
of interest, and to redeem one now outstanding
at a large rate of interest. We are perfectly
aware that large amounts of these bonds are
now going to Europe, being exported instead
of the products of the country; that they are
being purchased at the rate of seventy-five
cents on the dollar, and that we are paying
six dollars a year on every seventy-five dollars,
making eight per cent, interest per annum. If
a loan such as I propose conld be placed upon
the market with the pledge of the Government
to pay principal and interest in coin. I have no
doubt it would be successful at the rate of live
per cent, and would satisfy the people and the
European bond-holders. That will be a low
rate of interest for us to obtain money at, and
■will be equivalent to a national tax upon the
bonds of one per cent., so that the holders who
now receive six percent, would receive but five.
I claim that the States have no right and no
power under the Constitution to tax our bonds
in any shape or form. If we concede that
point we place it out of the power of the Gov-
ernment, in time of distress, in time of rebel-
lion or internal commotion, or when it is
necessary to protect ourselves from attacks
from abroad, to negotiate loans at favorable
rates. The importance of the power in the
General Government to exempt its bonds from
State taxation may be readily seen. It is an
essential plement in the welfare, prosperity, and
strength of the country. I think we should
consider this whole matter with a view to the
future and not to the present. Many expe-
dients are brought forward to relieve us from
the heavy taxation to which we are subjected ;
but whatever we adopt should not be a policy
which will be to the detriment of the Govern-
ment. Whatever is done should be well con-
sidered, and with a view to the future. Our
credit is now trembling and the people are
hesitating about United States stocks. There
is a doubt as to whether they are to be paid in
United States gold coin, as to whether it is a
fundamental rule established by the Govern-
ment that the bonds shall be so paid. The
act of Congress under which the bonds were
issued is certainly not very plain on that point;
but I have no doubt that at the time the act
was passed the rate of interest then fixed was
considered to be a low rate, in view of the
troubles by which we were surrounded, and
that it was generally considered that the bonds
would be payable in United States gold coin.
I hope such an act as is indicated in the reso-
lution will be presented here at an early day;
and I think it will meet the whole difficulty in
which we are now involved in regard to the
live-twenty bonds. I hope the whole subject
will be carefully considered by the Committee
on Finance.
The resolution was agreed to.
president's anndal message.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to take up the con-
current resolution in relation to the annual
message of the President of the United States
which I offered the day before yesterday, not
for the purpose of entering upon its discussion
now, but for the purpose of fixing a time for
its discussion.
Tli^ motion was agreed to. s.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the consideration
of this resolution be postponed until Tuesday
next at one o'clock, and that it be made the
special order for that day at that hour; and
that if the consideration of it be not completed
on that day it be made the special order for
the following days, at the same hour, until dis-
posed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to "making it a
special order. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to the Senator postponing the resolution
until Tuesday, and ne no doubt can call it up
on that day, but to make a special order now
might embarrass other public business. I trust
the Senator will be satisfied with accomplishing
the purpose he desires in the way I have sug-
gested. If we simply postpone the resolution
he can call it up on Tuesday without any
trouble; but to begin at this period of the
session to make matters special orders from
day to day might embarrass the public business
and be of evil example.
Mr., DRAKE. I am perfectly willing to
accord with the suggestion made by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio. If the Senate will
make the resolution the order of the day for
Tuesday next at one o'clock it will answer
my vi-ews.
