1868.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4519
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
concur with the resolution from the House.
Mr. B UCKALEW. If the Senator will wait
a moment, I desire to make a remark in ex-
planation of my resolution. I was about to
say that I had been in the House of Repre-
sentatives and was informed by members that
there was not a quorum 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to
a question of order. I submit that an objec-
tion having been made to the resolution, it
goes over, and debate is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does go
over under the rule; but the Senator wished
to make an explanation. If the rule is insisted
upon, of course the resolution is disposed of.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I merely wish to remark,
then, that before acting upon the resolution
from the House, it will be proper, if not neces-
sary, to inquire of the House whether it be in
fact constituted with a quorum. I believe the
ordinary usage of the two Houses at the open-
ing of a session is to inform each other that a
quorum is present. Now, the Senate has not
passed any such resolution, and we have re-
ceived none such from the House. I suggest,
therefore, that under the usage of the two
Houses of Congress it is necessary for the
Senate to give notice to the House and the
House to give notice to the Senate that a quo-
rum is present. Otherwise, we cannot offi-
cially be informed or know that there is an-
other branch with whom we can communi-
cate. Before, therefore, acting upon the res-
olution which we have received from the
House, I suggest that it is necessary to give
formal notice between the two bodies; and I
make this suggestion in connection with the
information which I now give to the Senate,
that I have been informed in the House itself,
by members of the House, that a quorum is
not present, and will not be until afternoon,
if at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that ho has not considered this as
a new session, but barely as an adjournment
from day to day. It covers a larger period, to
be sure, but we have treated it as we have all
other temporary adjournments, as a continua-
tion of the original session, and did not sup-
pose those formalities were ordinarily gone
through with.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for a vote on my
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair is entirely
correct in its suggestion to the Senator from
Pennsylvania. This adjournment is precisely
like one over the holidays or over any three
days. Both Houses are supposed to have a
quorum, and wc know by the Constitution that
the House of Representatives, having sent us a ,
message, has a quorum. What private inform-
ation a Senator is to obtain on the floor of
the House of Representatives no man can tell; i
and it is a somewhat unusual proceeding, the ,
Senator from Pounsvh unia will permit me to 1
remind him, and a ^mewhat unpailiamentary I
proceeding, for a Senator to undertake to in- '
form this body whether another coordinate 1
body is properly constituted or not from his ;
personal knowledge i<nd investigation into the j
affairs of that body. The two Houses cannot I
have intercommunication in that way. There- :
fore what the Chair has said isentirely correct,
and the pending question must be on the reso-
lution from the House of Representatives.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I was not pres-
ent, at the roll-call. I desire to have my name
entered as present.
Several Senators. Can that be done ?
Mr. POMEROY. It does not interfere with
our rule. It is simply allowing a Senators
name to be entered as present on the roll-call,
not on any vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
does not tolerate a vote being recorded unless
the person is present; but I understand the
Senator from Illinois wishes his name to be
recorded as being present.
Mr. YATES. That is all.
• The PRESIDENT pi* iempor*. There is
no objection to that, I believe. [" No objeo-
tion."] The name will be recorded.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on the
motion to concur.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I sup-
pose it had better be read. I ask for its reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Rpeohed by the House, (the Senate concurring,)
That the President of the Senate and Speaker of tho
House of Representatives do adjourn their respect-
ive Houses until twelve o'clock noon of the 16th day
of October, 1868; and that they then, unless other-
wise ordered by the two Houses, further adjourn thoir
respective Houses until thelOth day of November, at
twelve o'clock noon; and that they then, unless other-
wise ordered, further adjourn their respective Houses
to the firstMonday of December, 1868, attwelve o'clock
noon.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I sup-
pose I shall be strictly in order in submitting
some remarks on the question of concurrence
in this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am in favor of having
everything done decently and in order. I am
opposed to any " sharp practice'' in the public
affairs and conduct of the Government. In ac-
cordance with this idea I had no difficulty in 1
responding this morning upon the organization '
of the Senate, being present and thinking it
undignified, if not improper, to withhold my :
vote. The Senate had a call, upon which names
were recorded on the Journal. The record is
made up for history to show that we proceed in '
a regular manner. We are now organized and ]
authorized, under the rule which we have here
tofore adopted in reference to a quorum of this
body, to proceed with the transaction of busi- ■
ness.
Now, sir, I proposed that we should ask of
the House of Representatives whether they had j
met and organized in a similar manner—a j
respectful request in the form of a resolution. |
It seemed to me a little surprising that any i
member of the Senate should object to the j
resolution when, accompanying the offer of it,
I stated as a matter of personal knowledge,
obtained by inquiry of members of the House
itself, that a quorum of that body was not con-
vened to-day, and that it was not possible to
have such a quorum until this afternoon or
evening, when possibly members enough for a
quorum may be present in Washington. The
House sends us, by its Clerk, a resolution
adopted without the yeas and nays, without
any previous call of that body, without any
official information to us that a quorum com-
petent to transact business is assembled in the
Hall of the House. In truth the fact is ex-
actly the opposite ; there is no such quorum
convened. That is a matter of fact of which
I have no doubt, and of which other members
of the Senate need have no doubt.
Now, sir, it is said that we are to take a com-
munication from the House as conclusive that
that body is convened; that a competent
quorum under the Constitution is there assem-
bled and ready to transact business. That
presumption might answer if the Senate had
no other information ; but here it is proposed
to stand upon a technical presumption when
we aro well convinced that the fact is exactly
opposite. If there be any question or doubt
on this subject the proper mode of proceed-
ing, I submit, is to take up and consider the
resolution which I have presented; to call upon
the House itself to inform us as to the fact.
I have but one additional remark to make,
and that is that I think it manifestly au im-
proper, if not an indecent thing that the
Government of the United States should be
conducted upon this principle of false presump-
tions that we know are not well founded in
truth; that we should attempt to transact busi-
ness in the two Houses without a quorum of
each being present.
Mr. ANTHONY. It seems to me that the
Senator from Pennsylvania proceeds upon the
theory which the Chair corrected when the
motion was flrst submitted. This is not a
new session of Congress; this is merely an
adjournment of the second session of the For-
tieth Congress. Half our business, in point of
fact, as every Senator knows, is transacted
without a quorum. What should we think if.
any day in the middle of a session, the House
of Representatives should send us a message
inquiring if a quorum was present when we had
passed a certain bill and sent it to them ? 1
would not attribute any such intention to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, but certainly 1
j! think such a message would be impertinent,
j ' We might as well ask if the Speaker had been
j' elected according to the rules of the House,
; if there were not some members in the House
| j who had been admitted to their seats without
II proper qualifications. It is an assumption on
! our part to inquire into the organization of the
| House, and I am quite sure that such a mes-
I sage would bs resented in the House as the
Senator from Pennsylvania would resent such
1 a message if sent from the House here. I think
i if the House of Representatives should send a
message inquiring if we were properly organ-
' ized, if we were authorized to do what we had
; just done, we should take it as an exceedingly
i impertinent interference in affairs with which
the House has no business any more than we
i have with the affairs of the House. They have
; sent us a communication ; and if they passed
the resolution which they have communicated
when there was not a quorum present, the
fault, if there be any, is theirs, not ours. If
they have done that, they have done what has
been done a thousand times in both Houses.
Very important bills have been passed in both
Houses when we knew there was no quorum. I
have known some treaties to be negotiated here
when there were but three Senators present,
, and yet nobody doubt? the validity of those
j treaties.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator does not
' mean to say they were •' negotiated," I hope.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; "ratified.'- I do
not know, but I might say, they were negoti-
; ated here. I believe the Senator from Kansas
, had charge of them ; they were Indian treaties :
I they might have been amended here, and
thus I might almost say were negotiated here.
1 do not think there is any pertinence at all in
the resolution of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, and I think it can have no useful effect.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will make one fur-
ther suggestion, and then leave this subject.
The House meets, a resolution is proposed and
passed, and sent here. Shortly afterward the
yeas and nays are called, aad the House ascer-
tains that it has acted without a quorum. It
is ascertained by a roll-call. Now, are we to
catch up their resolution because it has been
already sent here and act upon it?
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator this
question : When any action is adopted by the
House and is sent to the Senate, if upon some
subsequent proposition it is ascertained that
there is no quorum present are we to infer that
thero was no quorum present at the preceding
business? Is tho Senate to inquire of the
House whether it was so or not?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator does not
understand me. He was speaking about disre-
spect to the House in suggesting a state of
facts where the House act on a proposition,
send it here, and ascertain the fact of not hav-
ing a quorum immediately afterward.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then, if they find that
they passed a resolution when they had no
proper authority to pass it. it is their business
to send to us and ask to have the resolution
sent back, and I should vote to send it back
under those circumstances.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes,_sir: but suppose
in the mean time we concur in it and adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do.no.
wish to occupy the time of the Senate, but 1
think it right to say a word in reply to the|
honorable Senator from Pent)sylvanta, i quite
agree with my friend from RhQuP Island that
it would be impertinent, tiot fc sav insulting.
