THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
objection having been made to entertaining the
order proposed by the Senator from Oregon, the
Chief Justice submitted it to the Senate.
Mr. .JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the House
of Representatives be notified -that the Senate
is ready to receive them.
The motion, wag agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will notify the House of Representatives.
The Sergeant-at-Arms presently appeared
at the bar and announced the Managers of im-
peachment Otfi the part of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Managers will
take their seats within the bar.
The Managers took the seats provided for
them.
_ The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. Washburne, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, next appeared and were conducted
to the seats'provided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the Journal of the last day's proceedings.
The Chief Clerk read the Journal of the
proceedings of the Senate, sitting for the trial
of the impeachment, of Saturday, the 16th in-
stant.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, there
is an omission, I think, in the Journal. It is
not stated that Mr. Stanbery, who is one of
the counsel for the President, was present on
the occasion of the proceedings just read. I
move that the omission be supplied. We know
he was present.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. That statement is
made in the Journal as it stands. There was
an omission in the reading. The Secretary
will now read the order submitted by the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
The Chief Clerk read Mr. Williams's reso-
lution, as follows:
Resolved, That the resolution heretofore adopted
as to the order of reading and voting upon the arti-
cles of impeachment be rescinded.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, if it re-
quires unanimous consent to change the rule
in the manner proposed, I object.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
is under the impression that it changes the
rule, and he will state the case to the Senate,
in order that tha Senate may correct him if he
is wrong. The twenty-second rule of the Sen-
ate provides that—
" On the final question, whether the impeachment
is sustained, the yeas and nays shall be taken on
each article of impeachment separately/'
That necessarily implies that they be taken
in their order unless it is otherwise prescribed
by the Senate. Subsequently the framing of
a question to be addressed to the Senators was
left to the Chief Justice, and he stated the
views winch seemed to him proper to be ob-
served. In the course of that statement he
said that "he will direct the Secretary to read
the articles successively, and after the reading
of each article will put the question of guilty
or not guilty to each Senator, rising in his
place, in the form used in the case of Judge
Chase," and then stated the form.
After the statement was made—
"Mr. Sumsee submitted the following order;
-vvliich was considered by unanimous'consent, and
agreed to1
" Ordered, That the questions be put as proposed by
the presiding officer ot tho Senate, and each Sena-
tor shail rise in bis place and answer guilty or not
not Kuilty, only."
That was the order under which the Senate
was acting until on the 10th of May the Sen-
ate adopted the following order moved by
the Senator from Oregon, [Mr, Williams:]
" Ordered, That the Chief Justice, in directing the
Secretary to read tlie several articles of impeach-
ment, shall direct him to read tho eleventh article
iimt, and tlie question ehall then be taken on that
article, and thereafter the other ten successively as
they stand."
This order changing the rule was in order on
the Itttli of May, having been moved some days
before. Subsequently, after the House had
been notified that the Senate was ready to re-
ceive them, the Senator from Vermont £Mr.
Edmunds] moved—
" ThattheSenate do now proceed to vote upon the"
articles according to the order of the Senate just
adopted.
The Senate proceeded to vote upon the
eleventh article, and after that adjourned until
to-day. The present motion is to change the
whole of these orders, for changing only the
order of the lGth'will not reach the effect in-
tended. It must change, also, the order adopted
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Stoker,] and also, as the Chief
Justice conceives, the rule. He is of opinion,
therefore, that a single objection will take it
over this day, but will submit the question
directly to the Senate without undertaking to
decide it, as it is a matter which relates espe-
cially to the present order of business. [Putting
the question.] Senators, you who are of the
opinion that the motion of the Senator from
Oregon is now in order will say ay ; those of
the contrary opinion no. The noes appear to
have it.
Mr. DRAKE called for a division.
Mr. HENDERSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—-yeas 29, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye. Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,
Spragne, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cor-
bett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Ferry. Fes-
senden, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks. John-
son, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patter-
son of New Hampshire. Patterson of Tennessee.
Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van winkle, Vickers, and
Willey—25.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate de-
cides that the resolution of the Senator from
Oregon is now in order. The Secretary will
read the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the resolution heretofore adopted
as to the order of reading and voting upon the articles
of impeachment be rescinded.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer the following as
a substitute for the pending ordpr.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the word "Resolved," and
insert :
That the Senate, sitting for the trial of Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, will now pro-
ceed, in manner prescribed by the rules in that be-
half, to vote upon the remaining articles of impeach-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment, and they were ordered ;
and being taken resulted—yeas 26, nays 23;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Bayard, Buckalew,Cole, Conkling,
Davis, Dixon, Douhttle, Feury, Fessenden, Fowler,
(irimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery,
Morgaji, Morrill of Vermont, Moiton, Noiton, Pat-
terson of Xew Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, and
Willey—2i3.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness, Corbett. Cragin. Drake, Edmunds, Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan,Howard, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, lluss, Slieiuian, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question reeurs
on the resolution proposed by the Senator frjm
Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest an amendment
to the phraseology of that resolution so as to
I refer to the rules as well as the resolution
heretofore adopted.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator will
reach his object by saying "The several orders
heretofore adopted."
Mr. WILLIAMS. Verywell; let that phrase-
ology be adopted.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the resolution, as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That tlieseveral orders heretofore adopted
as to the order of reading and voting upon the arti-
cles of impeachment be rescinded.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Mr, 'President. Iwish
to inquire whether it is iii order to rescind, ap
order partly executed. "What would: be the
effect of it? Jt seems to me not to be iii order
to rescind  n orcter jphjph' has tjeph partly
cuted. * , ' :
The CHIEF JUSTICE. ;If (he syiM
from Illinois makes' that question of order, .tag
Chief Justice will submit it to the Seaate."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wake, that question^
that you.cannot rescind an order that is partly
executed. We have voted under that order.
It might be rescinded as to what remain? an-.
executed; but the effect of rescinding an order
would be a reconsideration.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President,- J objeet to
discussion of this subject.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is in
order.
Mr. CONNESS. I supposed the Senate had
already decided that tills resolution was jij
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Chief Justice,
whatever might have been the ruling on the
order as it stood 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is iii
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This proposition I ob-
ject to as out of order. On its face.it proposes
to change the rules of the Senate.
Mr. THAYER. I call the Senator to order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator can-
not debate the question.
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. I object to the proposi-
tion as out of order.
Mr. CONKLING. That has been done
already.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Thathas been done.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Chief-Justice
will allow me to say, not in its present form.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator is out of
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I object that this reso-
lution is out of order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator is out
of order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I object to the resolu-
tion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbdll] objects that the order
proposed by the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] is not in order, because it rescinds
an order which is already in process of execu-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Which has been already
partly executed.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. And that question
the Chief Justice will submit to the Senate as
a question of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate withdraw for consultation on
this question.
Several Senators. No, no.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the Senate do now with-
draw for consultation.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Chair
entertain a motion at this time?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The objection ofthe
Senator from Illinois is not yet disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I desire
to put it upon two grounds: one that it is
partly executed—
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it that it is in
order to state my question of order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator can
state his question of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My objection is two-
fold ; first, that it is out -of order to undertake
to rescind an order partly executed ; and sec-
ondly, that it is a violation of the rule which
requires one day's notice to change a rule, and
it expressly now proposes to change a rule.
The CHIEF JUSTICE.^ Senators, you who
are of opinion that the point of order made by
the Senator from Illinois should be sustained
will say ay; those of the contrary opinion, no.
[Putting the question.] The noes appear to
have it.
