2472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
sufficient proof had been presented to estab-
lish the validity of the grant; but, inasmuch
ag no proof of occupancy or possession had
been submitted, they decided against the con-
firmation of the grant.
The case was taken on appeal to the United
States district court for California. Before it
was heard, in that tribunal, the celebrated Fre-
mont case was decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States, in which it was held that
possession was not necessary to a valid claim.
.Thereupon the decision of the land commis-
sioners was reversed, and a decree pronounced
confirming the grant in Gomez. An appeal
was taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and at the instance of the present claim-
ant, who, after the confirmation by decree of
the Supreme Court, had purchased this grant
from Gomez, a transcript was sent up to the
Supreme Court, placed before the Attorney
General, and upon argument he decided to ask
the court to dismiss the appeal, which was
done. Subsequently it was represented to the
Supreme Court that there had been some fraud-
ulent practices upon the part of the United
States district attorney, and the mandate which
had been issued by the Supreme Court to the
district court of California in pursuance of the
dismissal of the appeal was recalled. A. con-
siderable amount of difficulty was placed in the
way of this claimant by the adverse parties—
nominally the United States, but really a min-
ing company—thus preventing the reaching of
a conclusion in the case until the year 180(5,
when the Supreme Court decided not to dis-
miss the appeal which had been taken by the
United States and ruled the ease against the
claimant, McGarrahan. He alleges (and the
committee is entirely satisfied ol the fact) that
the case has never been properly before the
court; that the court never has passed upon
the case which has been submitted to the com-
mittee ; and of this there can be no doubt upon
an examination of the record. Hence he has
made his application to Congress for the con-
firmation of his grant.
The committee, in view of all the circum-
stances and equities which have been developed
in this case, have recommended the passage of
the bill which has been read at the Clerk's
desk, and which is to this effect: that the
claimant be permitted to purchase the land
embraced within the limits of the survey of the
grant now on file in the General Land Office,
at the rate of $1 per acre, which will
amount in the aggregate to $23,040. The con-
testing party—really the New Idria Mining
Company—claims to be permitted to enter im-(
der the act of 1806 certain portions of thisland,
embracing what there is of mineral, within the
limits of the grant. If they should be per-
mitted thus to enter, the amount which the
Government would receive would be $9,500 ;
so that in point of dollars and cents, consider-
ing the worthless character of most of this
grant, the advantage to the Government lies
in the passage of this bill.
1 have made a brief statement of the case.
I will now yield ten minutes to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] who does not con-
cur in the report of the committee ; and I shall
present in conclusion such argument as may
be necessary on my part.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, it has
happened in regard to this application that I
have differed with the other members of the
committee; and I wish to state very briefly the
grounds on which my opinion is based. _ The
mining occupancy involved in this case is un-
doubtedly of great value, ranking as^ third or
fourth in value of the quicksilver mines that
have been opened. This matter was fully in-
vestigated before the committee several weeks
or months ago ; and although I then formed an
opinion as to the merits ot the case, some of
the facts have in the intervening time disap-
peared from my recollection, so that I may not
now be able to recall all those which might be
of interest in the discussion ; but I can state to
the House, if it will give me its attention for a
few minutes, the reasons which, in the begin-
ning, controlled me in the opinion _ I formed
adverse to the application of this claimant. _
The Supreme Court of the United States, in
the Fr6mont case, which has been the basis,
to a large extent, of all subsequent decisions,
held, as I understand the report of the case in
22 or 23 Howard, that where all the papers
necessary to a perfect record title were found
in the Mexican archives the possession of the
estate granted by the Mexican Government is
not indispensable to the recognition of the title
by the courts of the United States. But that
court in a subsequent case, the case of Castro,
in 24 Howard, page 350, has laid down a rule
which is applicable to the case under consid-
eration, and which seems to me to be sound.
As this rule is stated very clearly in the report
of the case, I beg the attention of the House
while 1 read it. The court declare that it
should appear in such cases—
" I'irst, that the grant was obtained and made irj
the manner tlie law required at some former time ana
recorded in the proper public offico; secondly, that the
papers in that office, or some of them, have been lost
or destroyed; and thirdly, tlio applicant must support
this proof by showing that within a reasonable time
after the grant was made there was a judicial survey
of the land, and actual possession by him by acts ot
ownership exercised over it."
Now, admitting all the papers produced here
to be genuine, the facts proved ill the case are
these: that the petition, the map, the request
of the general authorities to the local govern-
ment for information, and the report of the
local government, are according to the usual
form of proceedings in such cases, but that
final decree of the General Government con-
iirmed by the provisional assembly is wanting.
Therefore, this case fails to come within the rule
laid down by the Supreme Court in the Fre-
mont case, to wit, the record title is imperfect.
In all those cases the court has held there
must be actual possession in order to confirm
the title. There was no actual possession in
this case; and therefore the Supreme Court—
my opinion being somewhat different from that
of the ch airman of the committee in reference to
the opinion of the court in the case of Gomez
vs. the United States—the Supreme Court of
the United States, as I believe, in this report
distinctly declared upon the merits of this case
that tliis case could not be confirmed. There-
fore, upon investigation, I am of the opinion
that this House should adhere to the rule estab!
lished by the Supreme Court. It seems to me
to be a safe and sound rule, where the papers
necessary to perfect the record title of a grant
have been found in the Mexican archives, pos-
session is not indispensably requisite to the
recognition of title by our courts ; but in those
cases where the record title is imperfect, and
is made up by secondary testimony from the
outside, that possession on the part of the
claimant under the grant is indispensably
requisite to the recognition of the tille by the
courts of the United States. I hold that to be
a safe, a sound, a wise judicial rule, which will
stand the test under all circumstances.
Since the examination by the committee in
the investigation which I have given to the
decisions of the courts in California and to
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. 1 am satisfied there are other valid
reasons why this claim should not be recog-
nized by this House. This claimant,, McGar-
rahan, claims under a grant made, or claimed
to have been made, to one Vincente P. Gomez.
Now, I find upon an examination of various
land cases in California and in the Supreme
Court of the United States that the testimony
of this man Gomez has been as effectually de-
stroyed as a witness as it is possible for that
of any witness to be destroyed in any court of
justice; and though this fact does not show
Gomez may not have been an honest man in
this transaction, yet, taken in connection with
another fact developed before the committee,
that Gomez, since he testified before the land
commissioners in the California courts as to
the validity of his title—his testimony going to
the support of his title—has repudiated, as I
believe, the testimony then given by him.
gentleman's ten
I vield five min-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Gomez has not
testified in any court touching this grant.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I accept the correction
of the chairman of the committee, though my
recollection was otherwise; but he was the
grantee, a clerk, as it was understood, in one
of the Mexican departments, and his claim to
this grant was based upou his services there.
In 1 Hoffman, in the case of the United States
vs. Limantour, this man Gorez is spoken of
in this manner:
"The expcdicnte in the Sferba, Buena ease is found
in 185° in an office which was not its proper place
of custody, by a person whose own confession m
another case shows Mm to have been engaged m
fabricating titles, and whoso character to this court,
which has so often been called on to pass u|;on his
credibility, no attempt has been made to vindicate.
In several other cases to which I have refer-
ence, but which I will not trouble the House-
with, his character for veracity in matters of
this kind is also impeached.
Now, then, the remaining fact which is
essential to the establishment of this title is,
the testimony, as 1 understand, of one Jos6
Abrigo, who testifies, according to the report
of the committee:
"That Gomez was a clerk in his office, and that in
1815 he (Gomez) showed him a title to the land
named, together with a map of the property: that
thepapersweresignedby thftgovernorand secretary,
and that he was well acquainted with the signatures
of these officers, having olten seen them write; that
the archives in which these papers were passed into
the possession of the American army, July 7,1816."
Now, if I understand the case, the remain-
ing fact essential to the perfection of this title,
namely, that the grant was actually made by
the Mexican Government, rests upon the tes-
timony of this Jos6 Abrigo.
The SPEAKER. The
minutes have expired.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa.
utes more.
Mr. PliUYN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman how it happens that this question has
not been decided by the courts, and why it is
brought to Congress?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The court by two sep-
arate decisions at least, by one on the merits,
and a decision based upon the technical pro-
ceedings, have refused to confirm this title, and
it is brought here on its equity.
Now, then, calling the attention of the House
to the standing of Jose Atirigo, who is spoken
of in Hoffman's Reports, (vol. 1, 424,) the
second witness on whom reliance is chiefly
placed by the claimant to prove the considera-
tion for which this grant was made to Jose
Abrigo, they go on and give his testimony, and
then say:
" It is proved beyond all doubt that nearly all the
foregoing statements of Jose Abrigo are faise.'!
Then, again, speaking of this same witness,
the court say:
"If any explanation of the evidence, apparently
conclusive of the falsehood of Abrigo's testimony,
were possible, it would surely have been offered by
that witness himself. Since the discovery and pro-
duction of his books he has not been recalled to the
stand,nor has any attempt been made to show that
there were other books or accounts in this office
which in any respect corresponded to the description
given by him of the mode in which they were kept,
or their contents."
Such is the character given to Abrigo in
another case by the court before which a claim
for land was pending. This same Abrigo, as
I understand it, is the only witness relied upon
to prove the existence of the grant finally.
Mr. W iLSON. of Iowa, signified his dissent.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I so understood it. At
any rate, whether he be the sole witness or not,
he is a witness reported by the committee as
haying testified to the title, and I am not aware
of its having been testified to by anybody else,
although I may be in error about that.
Now, in conclusion, I wish to say I believe
from all the testimony presented that this Mc-
Garrahan is an upright, honest man. I have
seen nothing and heard nothing disclosed by
the investigation to the contrary. It is also
probably true that there were frauds practiced
in one establishment of that title on the part
of the district attorney of the United States,
who was himself the owner in part of the laud
