4520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
September 21,
fgr us to undertake to inquire into the organ-
ization of the House of Representatives when
that House had sent to us any bill or proposi-
tion. Now, my friend from Pennsylvania
assorts) on his personal information and belief,
that there was no quorum of the House when
the pending resolution was passed by that body.
What ground has he for supposing so? He
states that somebody told hiin that on a call
afterward a quorum was not there. -Now, the
fair presumption is—and I believe it myself—
that there was a quorum when the resolution
passedand after it passed; the business of
the session being accomplished, members went
away, particularly the Democratic members,
who were in haste to get back to their con-
stituents. My friend entirely jumps at a con-
clusion when he undertakes to say that the
resolution was passed by less than a quorum
of the House, because half an hour afterward,
all the business of the session being accom-
plished and members having gone away, the
House found itself then without a quorum.
We might just as well this evening refuse to
consider anything binding that was clone in
the morning when we had a quorum, because
it turus out that we have not one in the after-
noon. It is altogether improper, as I think,
to raise a question of that kind as to the organ-
ization of the other House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring m the resolution of' the
House of Representatives.
The resolution was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until the 16th day of
October next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; the Chair should
first inform the House that we have agreed
to4 the resolution, and then we shall stand
adjourned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We have
agreed to their resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Secretary can in-
form the House.
"The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution having been concurred in, ipso far,to,
the Senate stands adjourned until the 10th of
October, at twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, September 21, 18G8.
The House reassembled, pursuant to ad-
journment, at twelve o'clock m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The SPEAKER. The recess having expired,
the House of Representatives resumes its ses-
sion. The Journal of the last day's session in
July js in print, and if there be no objection its
reading will be dispensed with.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
ANOTHER RECESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring:,) That the Presi-
"®ut of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
ol ltoprceentatives adjourn their respective Houses
until twelve o'clock noon on the 16th day of October,
1868; and that they then, unless otherwise ordered by i
the two Houses, further adjourn their respective !: no quorum is present.
Houses until the 10th day of November, 18C8, at
twelve o'clock noon: and then, unlets otherwise
ordered by the two Houses, they further adjourn
then- respective Houses until the first Monday of
Docember, 1868, at twelve o'clock noon.
t Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
right.
Mr. SCHENCK. J modify the resolution        
so as to read, " when the two Houses adjourn j! gentleman from Ohio to renew it.
[ ,i .1 .■ Mr_ SCHBNCK, Th as W0
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF THE RULES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following res-
olution :
Kesolved, That during the remainder of the second
session of the Fortieth Congress it shall be in order
to suspend the rules at any timo.
Mr. BROOKS. ^ I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules to present the resolution.
The House divided ; and there were-—ayes
102, noes 3 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will for tha present
withdraw the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. Is il- not too late?
The SPEAKER. It isnottoo late, as there
has been no final vote. It can be withdrawn
or modified.
Mr. SCHENCK. Our meeting will be on
Friday, and it may be important to have this
| resolution adopted.
Fl'PEItVISORS OF INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I offer the following res-
olution :
lienolved.. That the Committee on Public Expend-
itures be directed to infinite into tho reasons why tho
supervisors uf iniernal revenue provided for ill the
law of July 28, JSijS, ha-ve not been appointed; and
also lo ascertain whether or not, sinee the passage
of the said law, there lias been any iailure on the
part of any oflicor of tho Go\eminent properly to
administer the internal revenue laws, or any attempt
on tho part of said otlicer, or ol any person, to de-
feat, embarrass, prevent, or improperly interfero
with tho prompt and etlieiont administration of said
laws; with power by sub-committee or otherwise to
sit during any recess of Congress and send for per-
sons and papers and to administer oaths ; tile neces-
sary expenses to bo paid from tho contingent fund
of the House.
Sir. SPALDING. I objcctto the introduc-
! tion of any general business. I object to this
[ resolution.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move to suspend the
rules; and if the House will allow me. I will
state, as chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, thero is ground for this rcso-
lut ion 
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object if we on
this side of the House can bo heard.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I have no state-
ment to make.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
91, noes (i; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the resolution.
Has any notice come from the Senate?
The SPEAKER. None.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move that we take a
recess for half an hour; and I ask unanimous
Consent if a message come from the Senate
before that time expires the Speaker shall then
call the House to order.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 rise to a point of order.
We cannot take a recess without a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York makes the point, of order that no quorum
voted on the last vote, and that no recess can
be taken except by unanimous consent when
Tho Chair thinks that
quorum perhaps may be present, as he has
noticed that some gentlemen have not voted
on any of the divisions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
demand tellers on the motion.
Tho SPEAKER. The motion is withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
to-day;" and demand the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Ought it not to read,
"sine dieV'
Mr. SCHENCK. It amounts to the same
thing. 1 have followed the foim of the last
resolution.
Mr. MILLER.. Say the 21st instead of the
10th? [Cries of l: Question!!']
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsidar the
are to be
kept here, I renew the resolution in reference
to the execution of the internal revenue laws;
j and upon it I demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
not necessary. The motion is to suspend the
rules to allow the resolution to be introduced,
which is not debatable.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Which res-
olution is it?
The SPEAKER. The resolution for an in-
vestigation in regard to the internal revenue.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. liROOKS. I rise to a point of order;
and for the purpose of sustaining my point of
order I ask to have read the order under which
the House assembled to-day.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
"It'soloedby the House of Jtepresentatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, on
Monday, the 27th day of July, at twelve o'clock la.,
do adjourn their respective Houses until the third
Monday of September; and on that day, unless it be
then otherwise ordered by the two Houses, they im-
ther adjourn their respective Houses until the first
Monday of .December, 1868."
Mr. BROOKS. The point of order that I
make is that a second resolution is not in
order until the conditions of the first order of
this House are complied with; that they have
not yet been complied with; that so far as
any demonstration has been made, the dem-
onstration has been such that there is no
quorum present; that it is not within our
power to do business of any kind until there
is a quorum present; and that the proper way
to ascertain whether there is a quorum pres-
ent is to call the roll and ascertain it in that
legitimate manner. We have attempted to
ascertain illegitimately, by outside demonstra-
tions, and they have ail demonstrated that no
quorum is now present. The point, therefore,
which I make is that the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio is not in order until it is first
ascertained by a regular call of the House
that a quorum of members is present; and
further, that it is the duty of the Speaker when
it is demonstrated, as it has been, that there
is no quorum present, to adjourn the House
till December.
The SPEAKER. The point of order em-
braces, as the Chair understands it, two prop-
ositions : first, that there can be no other busi-
ness on this day except to act on resolutions
to adjourn ; and secondly, that the absence of
a quorum, upon a count by the Speaker, pre-
vents other business being transacted. The
last point, of course, the gentleman from New
York does not intend to press, because the
demand for the yeas and nays on the proposi-
tion is to ascertain the fact whether there is a
quorum in attendance. The Chair, as he has
already stated, saw gentlemen, including the
gentleman from New York himself, who, con-
trary to the rules of the House, did not vote
on the division when the Chair counted. The
Chair, therefore, overrules that part of the
point of order. The first part is important,
and the Chair thinks substantial, but he over-
rules it on this ground; the resolution reads
as follows:
"And on that day, unless it be then otherwise
ordered by the two Houses, thoy farther adjourn their
™-:t|(r,ctlvo Houses until the firstllonday of December,
iooo.
It will be noticed that this resolution differs
entirely from the resolution under which the
supplemental session of 1807 was held, which
provided specially that when the two Houses
met the roll should immediately be called, and
if a quorum did not appear of each House the
1 residing Officer should declare both Houses
adjourned until the regular session. This
language is totally different, and seems to
raise an entirely different inference as to the
business of this day. It says :
, ,9n tt 5'' unless it be then otherwise oulered
sniH°-hVn they further adjourn their re
1868 ' ° scs untl1 tlle first Monday of December,
This gives to both branches of Congress the
entire legislative day of the 21st of September
within which to settle the question of the ad-
journment of the two Houses. Any hour at
which they may settle it on this legislative day
will comply With the terms of the concurrent
resolution. _ For instance, both Houses could
transact legislative business during the entire
legislative clay until they wore ready to ad-
journ, and could then agree to a further ad-
journment till the first Monday of December
or till some other time, if a quorum should W
in attendance. The resolution gives to the
