414
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Illinois makes the point of order that the res-
olution moved by the Senator from Oregon is
not now in order for consideration, because it
relates to an order partly executed, and be-
cause—will the Senator oblige the Chair by
stating his other reason?
Mr. CONNESS. I object to two points of
order at a time. One will be sufficient.
■ The CHIEF JUSTICE. Will the Senator
from Illinois be kind enough to state his other
reason ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My other reason is that,
as now amended, the resolution proposes _ to
change a standing rule of the Senate, which
cannot be done without a day's notice.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the point of order should
be sustained as stated will answer yea; those
of the contrary opinion nay.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll,
and having concluded the call—
• Mr. CONKLING, (who had voted yea.)
Mr. President, I rise to a question of order, if
that be the proper form. I think I voted my-
self under a misapprehension, and I understand
other Senators have done so. Will the Chief
Justice be kind enough to restate the question
in the form in which it was put? I understand
from other Senators thai the question pro-
pounded was in this form: those in favor of
sustaining the point of order will vote yea. I
had supposed that the question was as put be-
fore : those deeming the proposition in order
will say yea; and I voted affirmatively, mean-
ing to vote against the point raised by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, but I am told that the effect
of the record is to make me vote in favor of
the point of order. I want to know what the
form of the question was, if the Chair will be
kind enough to state it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
stated the question in the form supposed by the
Senator from New York, that those who voted
to sustain the point of order made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois would say yea; those of the
contrary opinion nay. If there be a misun-
derstanding the question will be again sub-
mitted to the Senate. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. C0N1CLING. 1 beg to change my vote,
if that is the form. I voted uuder an entire
misapprehension. I vote nay.
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. An thony, Bayard, Buck alow. Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Ferry.Fessenden, Fowler,
Orimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patterson of
Tennessee. Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vick-
ers, and Willey—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Camoron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Corbett. Cragin, Drake, Freling-
huyscn, Harlan, Howard, IIowc, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Spraguo, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—30.
So the point of order was not sustained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I rise to inquire whether the Chair will enter-
tain a motion at the present time ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Any motion to
amend this resolution. The question now is
on the resolution offered by the Senator from
Oregon. Any motion to amend that resolu-
tion is in order, or a motion to postpone it is
in order.
Mi\ MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate sitting to try the impeachment of
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, do now adjourn to the 23d day of June
next at twelve o'clock, and on that question I
demand the yeas and nays.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
has heretofore ruled that that motion was not
in order, but he was not sustained by the Sen-
ate. He will now submit the question whether
this motion is in order directly to the Senate.
Senators, you who arc of opinion that the
motion of the Senator from Maine, that the
Senate do now adjourn until the 23d day of
June 
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I rise to
inquire of the Chair whether a ruling made by
the Senate upon a given point does not stand
as the rule of the Senate until the Senate re-
verses it?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Undoubtedly; but
the Chief Justice cannot undertake to_ say
how soon the Senate may reverse its rulings.
Senators, you who are of opinion that the mo-
tion of the Senator from Maine, that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn until the 23d day of June,
is in order, will say ay; those of the contrary
opinion, no. [Putting the question.] 'The
ayes appear to have it.
Mr. HENDERSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole,Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howard,
Howe, Moirill of Maine, Morrili of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler,Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, McCreery, Morgan, Norton, Patterson of
Tennessee, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Vickers—18.
NOT VOTING—Mr. Grimes-1.
• So the Senate decided the motion to be in
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now renew
iny motion that the Senate, sitting for the trial
of the impeachment of Andrew Johnson, Pres-
ident of the United States, adjourn to Tuesday,
the 23d day of June, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. FERRY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, Imoveto amend
the motion by striking out "the 23d day of
June" and inserting "the 1st day of Sep-
tember," and on that amendment I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and beiug
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 3!); as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Fessenden, Fowler, Henderson, Johnson, McCreery,
Norton, Ross, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
and Vickers—15.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Colo, Conkling, Conness, Corbett,
Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Harlan, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see. Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—39.
So the amendment was rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on the motion of the Senator from Maine,
that the Senate sitting as a court of impeach-
ment do now adjourn until Tuesday, the 23d
day of June, and upon that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 27 ; as follows : •
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Cameron. Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Harlan, Howard,
Howe, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pomeroy, llamsey,
Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y ates—27.
NAYS—Messrs.Bayard, Buckalew, Cole, Conkling,
Davis, Dixon,Doolittle,Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, llenderson, llend-
rieks, Johnson, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton. Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van
V/7-nkie, and Vickers—27.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Upon this question
the yeas are 27 and the nays are 27 ; so the
motion is not agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate proceed to vote upon the second
article of impeachment.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Senator from
Oregon moves that the Senate do now proceed
to vote upon the second article.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw the motion
that I have just made until the other order is
adopted. I was under the misapprehension
that it had been adopted.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on the resolution already submitted by the
Senator from Oregon, which the Clerk will
again read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the several orders heretofore
adopted as to the order of reading and voting upon
the second article of impeachment be rescinded.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I now
move that the Senate proceed to vote upon the
second article of impeachment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senatorfrom
Oregon moves that the Senate now proceed to
vote upon the second article of impeachment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that in order, I rise
to inquire ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. There being now
no order relating to the order in which the
articles shall be taken, the Chief Justice thinks
it is in order. Senators, you who agree to the
motion proposed by the Senator from Oregon,
that the Senate do now proceed to vote upon
the second article of impeachment, will say ay;
those of the contrary opinion no. [Putting the
question.] The ayes appear to have it. The
ayes have it, and the motion is agreed to.
The Chief Justice will again admonish
strangers and citizens in the galleries of the
necessity of observing perfect order and pro-
found silence. The Clerk will now read the
second article of impeachment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Article II.
That on the said 21st day of February, in the year
of our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the District of
Columbia, said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, unmindful of the high duties of his
office, of his oath of office, and in violation of the
Constitution of the United States, and contrary to,
the provisions of an act entit ed " An act regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices," passed March 2,
1867, without the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate of the United States, said Senate then and
there being in session, and without authority of law,
did, with intent to violate the Constitution of the
United States, and the act aforesaid, issue and deliver
to one Lorenzo Thomas a letter oi authority in sub-
stance as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sib : The Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this
day removed from office as Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and empow-
ered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will
immediately enter upon the discharge of the duties
pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorkxzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, J). 0.
Then and there being no vacancy in said office of
Secretary for the Department of War. whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
did then and there commit and was guilty of a high
misdemeanor in office.
The name of each Senator was called in
alphabeti"al order by the Chief Clerk; and as
he rose in his place the Chief Justice pro-
pounded the following question:
Mr. Senator , how say you, is the re-
spondent, Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, guilty or not guilty of a high
misdemeanor as charged in this article of im
peachment?
The call of the roll having been concluded,
The Senators who, voted "Guilty" are:
Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett,
Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Feeling-
hdysen, Harlan, HoWAUD, HoWE, morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,Wade,Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—35.
The Senators who voted "Not guilty" are:
Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCree-
ry, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Vickers—19.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Thirty-five Sena-
tors have pronounced the respondent, Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States,
guilty; nineteen have pronounced him not
