THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
guilty. Two thirds not having pronounced him
guilty, he stands acquitted upon this article.
Mr. W7LLIAMS. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate now proceed to vote upon the
third article.
The motion was agreed to.
* The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the third article.
The Chief Clerk read the third article of
impeachment, as follows:
Article III.
That said Andrew" Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, on the 21st day of February, in the year
of our Lord, 1868, at "Washington, in the District of
Columbia, did commit and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in office, in this, that, without authority
of law, while the Senate of the United States was
then and there in session, he did appoint one Lorenzo
Thomas to be Secretary for the Department of War
ad interim, without the advice and consent of the
Senate, and with intent to violate the Constitution
of the United States, no vacancy having happened
in said office of Secretary for the Department of War
during the recess of the Senate, and no Vacancy
existing in said office at the time, and which said
appointment, so made by said Andrew Johnson, of
said Lorenzo Thomas, is in substance as follows, that
is to say :
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sir: The Hon. Edwin M.Stanton having been this
day removed from office as Secretary for the Depart-
rnentof War, you are hereby authorized and empow-
ered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will
immediately enter upon the discharge of the duties
pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDKEW JOHNSON'.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adju-
tant General United States Army, Washington, I). C.
The roll was called as before, and as each
Senator rose in his place the Chief Justice
propounded this question:
Mr. Senator , how say you, is the re-
spondent,- Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, guilty or not guilty of a high
misdemeanor, as charged in this article ?
The result was as follows:
Those who voted "Guilty" are: Messrs.
Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, :
Cole, Conkling, Confess, Corbett, Cragin,
Drake, Edmonds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, ,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, PomeroY,
Ramsey, Sherman, Spragde, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—35.
Those who voted " Not guilty" are: Messrs.
Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCrebry,
Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
v jckers jq
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Thirty-five Sena-
tors have pronounced Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States, guilty, as charged in
this article; nineteen have pronounced him not
guilty. Two thirds not having pronounced him
guilty, the President of the United States stands
acquitted upon this article.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, do now adjourn sine die.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were orderei and taken.
The roll was called, and the result was as
follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin. Drake, Edmunds,
Perry, Frelinghuysen, Harlan. Howard, Morgan.
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, JPomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner. Thayer, Tipton,
Van Winkle. Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y ates—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckaiew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fowler, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
McCreery, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross,
Sauisbury, Trumbull, and Vickers—16.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Conness, Fessenden,
Grimes, and Howe—4.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Before announcing
the vote the Chief Justice will remind the Sen-
ate that the twenty-second rule provides that
if "upon any of the articles presented" the
impeachment shall not " be sustained by the
votes of two thirds of the members present"
a judgment of acquittal shall be entered.
Several Senators. We cannot hear.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
begs leave to remind the Senate that the
twenty-second rule provides that "if the im-
peachment shall not, upon any of the articles
presented, be sustained by the votes of two
thirds of the members present, a judgment of
acquittal shall be entered."
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest, Mr. President,
that that was done when the President of the
Senate declared the acquittal upon each
olo
The' CHIEF JUSTICE. That is not the
judgment of the Senate; but if there be no
objection, the judgment will be entered by the
Clerk.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not.
Several Senators. There is no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the vote on adjourn-
ment be announced.
Mr. JOHNSON. Judgment must be entered.
Mr. SUMNER. There seems to be a mis-
understanding as to the entry which it is pro-
posed to make in the Journal.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Clerk will
enter, if there be no objection, a judgment
according to the rules—a judgment of ac-
quittal.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply desire to say to
the Chair that the very rule which has been
read implies a vote before such a judgment
can be entered; and unless a vote be taken no
such judgment can be entered under the rule.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
spoke of those articles upon which the vote
has been taken. The rule is express.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly; judgment must
be entered on them.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest to the Chair
that in the case of Judge Peck the only entry
of acquittal was the declaration by the presid-
ing officer that he was acquitted.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
simply follows the rules which have been or-
dained.for their own government by the Senate.
He does not follow a precedent; he follows
the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, as I under-
stand, the Chair has already, on each vote,
made a declaration of acquittal, and that is of
record.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. That, however, is
not the judgment of the Senate contemplated
by the rule; it is simply the result of the par-
ticular vote upon each article, and the -rules
provide that the judgment shall be entered.
Mr. CONNESS. There can be no objection
to that.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Upon the question
of adjournment without day the yeas are 34
and the nays are 16. So the Senate sitting as
a court of impeachment for the trial of Andrew
Johnson upon articles of impeachment pre-
sented by the House of Representatives stands
adjourned without day.
