1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2473
now claimed by Mr. McGarrahan, when he was
acting district, attorney of the United States,
and consented to the proceeding in court; and
the Supreme Court finally, in passing upon
this title, condemned that proceeding and set
it aside.
Mr. FERRISS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I understand liira to say
that this cause was once decided upon its mer-
its in the courts of law and equity. I desire
to know what relief can this Congress give
to a party that cannot be granted by a court
of equity?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not care to dwell
upon all the questions that may arise in this
case. I may have been in error in some of the
statements I have made, but I am not in error,
I believe, upon the main fact, and that is that
this ease does not come up to the rule estab-
lished by the Supremo Court, which rule seems
to me to be a reasonable one.
I may also say, I believe, that from the tes-
timony disclosed on the part of the New Idria
Mining Company there was possibly on the
part of the officers of the United States im-
proper if not corrupt proceedings. I am not
sure but that is true on both sides. On the
side of the claimant previous to the time when
he came into possession of the claim there
were improper proceedings, as I am pretty sure
there have been by his opponent since he has
been engaged in this expensive controversy.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman's addi-
tional five minutes have expired. "
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will be allowed to go on. It is a
very important matter.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I yield a minute
or two more.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have said there is no
evidence disclosing any wrongdoing on the
part of Mr. McGarrahan. But he holds under
a title which was established in the courts of
California by a proceeding which seems to me
improper, and which was condemned by the
Supreme Court of the United States as im-
proper, to wit, that Pacificus Ord, who was
himself the then owner of this claim, appeared
before the judge of the district court and
assented to proceedings to which perhaps he
would not have assented if he had been entirely
disinterested. If, then, this title was in any
way imperfect in the hands of Gomez, of course
McGarrahan has taken it upon himself with
its imperfections; and if it is his misfortune to
be a claimant under an imperfect title, I do
not know that is within the just province of
Congress to give him assistance. I deem him
an unfortunate man in this matter. There can
be no doubt about that, and he is contesting
with a company which has accumulated prob-
ably a large sum of money out of this mine,
which is in itself very valuable. And this leads
me to say that the act of 1866, by which claim-
ants are allowed to take the mineral lands of
this country for five dollars an acre, is very
bad policy, in my judgment, for this Govern-
ment. Here is the third or fourth mine in the
world for the production of quicksilver, which
is to be sold, and it must go one way or the
other, either to this McGarrahan for $1 25 an
acre upon the equity of the case, or to this New
Idria Company for five dollars an acre, yield-
ing to the Government ten, fifteen, or twenty
thousand dollars, more or less, for property
which would probably sell in the market for
hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not half
a million or a million.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, resumed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask if the title to this mine is not in the United
States to this day?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
would ask what justice there is or what right we
have to give it away to this man or to othermen ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will answer that
question before I conclude the case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us
repeal the law and keep this property, worth
millions of dollars, for the Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope the gen-
tleman will hear what the ease is. I desire to
have this bill disposed of to-day. I intend to
yield most of my time, and perhaps all of it,
in the first hour, to other gentlemen who desire
to be heard, reserving what I may have to say
in reply until the second hour. 1 wish to have
the previous question seconded before the ex-
piration of the morning hour, so that I can
have an hour afterward to close the ease.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Vax Wyok] wishes to be heard in
opposition to the bill, and I will yield to him
for fifteen minutes.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I may have to ask the
indulgence of the House for a little more time.
This matter has been before the courts in some
shape or other for nearly fifteen years, and
to-day this body is sitting in the capacity of a
court of appeals upon the decision of the Su-
preme Court. We are sitting to-day as jurors
to judge and determine the validity of a claim
to seventeen thousand acres of land, as I under-
stand it, which claim is disputed upon two
grounds. First, that the grant itself never ex-
isted at all; that the claim is a fraud by reason
of being founded upon no title ; and in the next
place, that it is a fraud by reason of the fraud-
ulent location of the Panoche Grande, which
was originally located some forty or fifty miles
above the spot where they now locate it for the
purpose of securing this quicksilver mine.
Mr. Speaker, this man Gomez, who was the
patentee, who claims to have been the original
ownerof thisPanoche Grande, has been proven
to be and decided by the courts to be a man
who manipulated other fraudulent patents for
lands in Mexico, in the Limantour case, involv-
ing nine hundred and forty square leagues of
land. Gomez is the main witness in McGarra-
han's case ; and another witness in the fraudu-
lent Limantour case was Abrigo, who is the
only living witness who undertakes to swear
that he ever saw this patent of Gomez under
which McGarrahan claims. Therefore Gomez,
the man who claims this seventeen thousand
acres of land, Abrigo, the main witness to this
claim, both stand convicted by the courts, both
have been decided by the Supreme Couit of
the United States to have been engaged in that
magnificent fraud to appropriate to themselves
nearly a thousand square miles of land ; that
cannot be gainsayed ; and Limantour, with as
much propriety, might have come to this Con-
gress and asked Congress to reverse the decision
of the Supreme Court as for this man, McGar-
rahan, to come here and ask Congress to sustain
this claim of Gomez.
And let me call the attention of the House
to one fact which, if there was no other fact in
the case, would show the character of this
claim as established by the committee them-
selves. The committee in their report say, or
they mean to say, that the title of McGarrahan
is complete. They say that McGarrahan bought
this land in good faith. In their report the
committee say that Gomez owned this land;
that Gomez had a patent for it; that Gomez
was the legal owner, and that he transferred
that title in good faith to McGarrahan. Now,
if that be so, then I ask was not Gomez the
legal owner of this land? and if he was, is not
McGarrahan now the legal owner of the land?
and if this title be good, then does not Mc-
Garrahan hold his title against the world?
Now, if it is true, as the committee have
said in their report, that that grant was good,
then what right have we to say that McGar-
rahan shall pay $1 25 an acre for his own i
land ? Yet that is what the committee say, and !
that gives character to this whole transaction— ;
I mean character to the claim. The report
says :
" The title to the land claimed, and which he asks
that he may be allowed to purchase''—
What I Purchase his own land? If Gomez
had a good title to the land, then it is McGar- j
rahan'sown land ; and why should he purchase !
it? If the title to the land as held by Gomez i
was not valid, then this claim is a base fraud, !
and it cannot be consummated in the hands of i
McGarrahan any more than in the hands of
Gomez. And if McGarrahan owns the land,
then what right have the committee to say that
he shall pay $1 25 an acre for it? No, sir; bis
title is not good for anything—
I*ho title to the land claimed, and which he asks
that he may be allowed to purchase, is now vested
m the Government of the United States, and it is
merely a question whether he shall be permitted to
secure that which, in the judgment of your com-
mittee. he acquired title to by virtue of the Mexican
grant aforesaid, or it shall fall into the hands of a
corporation known as the New Idria Mining Com-
pany, which has been resisting his claim for years,
and paying the expenses of the efforts of said com-
pany out of tho proceeds of the mines, the title to
which rests in the United States."
If the Gomez title is good, then the land now
belongs to McGarrahan ; if it is not good, then
it belongs to the Government of the United
States. The committee say in their report that
the title does belong to the Government of the
United States. Ifitisin theGovernmentofthe
United States, then it is because this claim is a
fraudulent one ; it is because these men sought
by fraud and forgery to build up a claim against
this Government. And then the committee
step in arid say that they will allow McGarra-
han to buy this land. Now, why should they
say so in face of the facts in the case ?
As I understand it, the only question is really
as to this title of Gomez, and that the com-
mittee concede to be bad. Gomez said he got
his title from the Mexican Government. Now,
mark: this claim came before the board organ-
ized by Congress in 1851 to settle these private
land claims seven or eight years after the date
of the grant. He came before the board and
asked them to establish this grant, but the board
said there was no proof of occupancy, and they
dismissed his claim. The law provided an
appeal from that tribunal to the Supreme Court
of the United States, and the case was carried up
there. And let me say right here: Gomez
makes his petition for three leagues of land ;
takes the judgment of the Supreme Court and
an order for three leagues of land at one time,
which I will refer to hereafter. And then he
modifies his claim so as to embrace four leagues
of land. What is the proof that Gomez brought
before the land commissioners in 1851 ? Only
this man Abrigo, who stands not only con-
victed of perjury, but of a perjury parallel
to this. Gomez and Abrigo, being clerks of
some sort in one of the departments of the
Mexican Government, had facilities of access
to the records, and facilities for making pat-
ents, which they did. They made up this
Limantour ease, as I said. They were wit-
nesses in the Limantour case, and were con-
victed of perjury and forgery by the Supreme
Court of the United States. In this case Go-
mez was the claimant, and Abrigo, his part-
ner in the fraud, was a witness. In a report
submitted by the Committee on the Judiciary
at the first session of this Congress, they say
that Abrigo gives this testimony :
"In the year 1845 the said Gomez showed to me a
title to tlie land called La Panoche Grande, near the
rancho of San Luis Gonzaga, belonging to Francisco
Paneheeo, issued by Governor Micheltorena in the
latter part of 1814 or the beginning of 1S45,1 do not
recollect which. Said Gomez was at that time one
of the clerks of the commissaries general of Califor-
nia, of which office I was the chief. After showing
me the said title papers the said Gomez placed the
same for safe-keeping among the papers belonging
to the archives of said office, where it remained until
the said archives were taken possession of by the
American forces July 7, 1846, to the best of my recol-
lection."
He does not swear to the boundaries in that
description which he pretends to have seen.
He does not swear as to the location of that
patent; no one swears to it. He merely swears
that he saw a claim in the land office. Yet,
strange as it may appear, although those rec-
ords were lost, no other records of Mexico
make the most distant allusion to this claim or
the granting of this patent. This man Abrigo,
a man who was convicted of forgery and per-
jury, swore thus in this case.
Another man, Jos6 Castro, also figures in
this transaction. He testifies that at one time
he was on the Panoche Grande; that he knows
it is the land in question in this case, because
