1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. SCHENCK. Under the circumstances
I will not press the request.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
appeal to my colleague [Mr. Boutivell] to-
allow me perhaps only five minutes, certainly
not more than ten, that I may offer a resolu-
tion which I consider very important, and may
make a lew remarks in explanation ot it. It
the matter leads to any debate I will withdraw
the resolution at the end of ten minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will my colleague state
to the House the nature of the resolution ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is a
resolution proposing to instruct the Committee
of Ways and Means and the Committee on
Appropriations in reference to the revenues
and expenditures of the Government. I will
not occupy more than ten minutes.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Does my colleague
intend to ask a vote of the House on the prop-
osition?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will not
if it occupies time. If it is likely to lead to
anv debate I will withdraw the resolution.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am unwilling, Mr.
Speaker, to refuse to accede tp the request of
my Colleague ; yet gentlemen around me think
that the question could perhaps be as well con-
sidered on some other day.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
.merely to bring the subject to the attention of
the House.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield for ten min-
utes, upon condition that the gentlenian shall
withdraw his proposition at the expiration of
that time unless the question should then be
disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] asks unanimous con-
sent to introduce a resolution and speak in
regard to it for not more than ten minutes. Is
there objection ?
Mr. ROSS. I would like to hearths reso-
lution read, the right to object being reserved.
The Clerk read as follows;
lirsohrd. That in the opinion "of this House the
amount of revenue annually Collected by taxation
should not exceed $300,000.000; tliat the Committee
of Ways and Means be instructed to report a bill so
to reduce the revenue from internal taxes and the
tariff duties to $300,000,000; and that the Committee
on Appropriations be instructed not to exceed that
amount, including the interest on the public debt, in
the appropriations reported to the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not know that I
shall oppose this resolution, but I would like
an opportunity to discuss it, and I must object
to its introduction with any understanding
restricting debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
{Mr. Spai.dixg] objects to the introduction of
the resolution, and it cannot be entertained.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. BOUTWELL. There are objections on
all sides, and I must proceed. I must subject
my own good nature to the will of the House.
HKSSAGK fKOM THB'SEKATB.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 141) entitled
"An act for the further security of equial rights
in the District of Columbia;" in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
impeachment of the president.
The SPE AKER. The first business ia order
is the question of privilege, being the following
resolution reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary:
Retolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of tire
<Jnited fotates, b© impcachcd of high, crimes ujd mis-
demeanors.
On this question the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwell] is entitled to the
• floor.
Mr. BOUTWELL resumed his remarks. At
the end of one hour and five minutes the ham-
mer fell.
The SPEAKER.- iThe two hours of the gen-
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 5.
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. BootwelL]
have expired.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. EGGLESTON, who moved that an
additional hour be allowed to Mr. Boutwell.
No objection was made, and the time of Mr.
Boctwell was extended accordingly.
Mr. BOUTWELL then concluded his re-
marks. [See Appendix.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, then addressed the
House, [See Appendix.] Inclosing, he moved
that the subject be laid on the table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman will not ask a vote after only
two speeches have been heard. It is the most
extraordinary thing I ever heard of.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able except by unanimons consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
! Chair a question.
The SPEAKER. Is it a parliamentary ques-
tioil or otherwise ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A parliamentary
question.
The SPEAKER. , The Chair will hear it.
Mr. FARNSWOKl'H. I desire to know
whether, if the subject be laid on the table, it
will prevent any gentleman from calling it up
as a question ot privilege and moving the im-
peachment of the President?
The SPEAKER. If this subject be laid on
the table no gentleman can call up this report.
: He can propose to impeach the President or
j any other officer of the Government on any day
during the session, and that could be done even
: though the President should have been im-
peached and acquitted by the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will it be in order, in con-
nection with this motion, to propose to present
i a gold medal to Andrew Johnson ?
I The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Does the gentleman from Iowa insist on his
motion ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa; 1 do.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the House acts on
that motion I desire to make another of higher
privilege. I move that when the House ad-
journs it adjourn'to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion has priority
of the motion to adjourn.
Mr, ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to adjourn over.
The yeps and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays 105, not voting
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Beam an,-Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Blaine. Boutwell, Broomall, Butler, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Donnelly,
Drigge, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields,
Garfield. Glossbrenner, Halaey. Hardin*. Higbor,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard. Ingersoll,
Jenekes. Judd, Kelley, George V. Lawrence, Loan,
Logan. Lynch, Maynard, McClurg, Moorhead, Mor-
rell. Mailing. Myers, Neweomb, O'Neill, Orth,
Sehenek. Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokee,. Thomas, Trimble, Upson, Robert T. Van
Horn. Ward, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
John T. Wilson, Windom. and Woodward—62.
NAYS— Messrs. Adams,- Allison. Ames, Archer,
Axtell. Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnum,
Beck, .Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Bromwcll, Brooks,
Bucklapd, Burr, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb,
Cobutn, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon. Dodge, Eggleston,
Ela, Eldridge. Ferry, Getz. Uolladay, Grower, Haight,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Hop-
kins. Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Kerr, Ket-
eham, Knott, lvoontz, Laflin, William Lawrencc,
Lincoln, Loughridge, Mallory. Marshall, Marvin,
McCarthy, McCulIough. Miller, Moore, Morgan,
Mungec, Niblack. Nicholson, Nunn, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Phelps, Pike. Pilo, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Price, Pruyn. Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, '
Sawyer, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taylor,Trowbridge,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wasbburne,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Jauies F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—105.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cake, Cary, Finney, Fox,
Gravely, Griswold, Humphrey, Kitohen, Morcur.
MorrUsey, Pomeroy, R&um, Soofieid, Seiye, Shella-
l
barger, Taffe, Twichell, Burt Van Horn, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Wood—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LAFLIN said: My colleague, Mr. Burt
Van Hoen, is detained from his seat by his
own sickness and the sickness of his family.
The question then recurred upon the motion
of Mr. Logan, that the House adjourn.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 54, nays 107, not
voting 26 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, DelosR. Ashley,
James M. Ashley. Baker, Benjamin, Benton, Brom-
well, Broomall, Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cnllom,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ela, Farnsworth, Hard-
ing, Higby, Hunter, Ingersoll. Judd, Kelley, Kelsey,
Loan, Logan, Maynard, McClurg, Miller, Morrell,
Mullins, Myers, Newcomb. O'Neill, Orth, Pile, Ross.
Scbenck, Stianks, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn. Ward, Welker,
Thomas Williams, and William Williams—54.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Arohejr,
Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnnift,
Beaman, Beck, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boyer,
Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Cornell,
Dawes. Dixon, Dodge. Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner,
Golladay, Grover, Haight, Ilalsey, Hamilton, Haw-
kins, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Ketebain, Knott,
Koontz. Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, MeCullongh, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
gan, Mungen, Niblaek, Nicholson, Nunn, Paine, Per-
ham, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Price, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Saw-
yer, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stone, Taber, Taylor, Upson, Van Aernam. Van
Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
bum, William B. Washburn,' James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Boutwell, Cake, Finney,
Fox, Gravely, Griswold, Holman, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Kitchen, Lynch; Mereur, Morris-
sey, Pomeroy, llaum, Scofiold, Selye, Shellabarger,
Smith, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Thomas, Twichell,
Burt Van Horn, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood—26.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
i Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, to lay on the table the
subject of impeaching the President.
.Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the
House adjourn to-day it be to meet at half past
eleven o'clock to-morrow ; and upon that ques-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. That motion would require
unanimous consent, as the rules fix the hour
of daily meeting at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that when
this House adjourn, to-day it be to meet on
Monday next; and upon that resolution I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was upon the motion that when
■the House adjourn to-day it be till Monday
next.
Mr. SCHENCK. As this is an important
matter I move a call of the House; and upon
that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were upon a division
—ayes twenty-four.
Before the negative was counted,
Mr. SCHENCK said: I ask for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
. Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenck and
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-five, noes
hot cdirated.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The.SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the motion to adjourn till Monday next,
which takes precedence of the motion for a call
of the House. Upon this motion the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, noes 106, not voting
31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell,Delos R.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Beaman, Benjamin,
Benton, Boutwell, Broomall, Cake, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Cook. Cornell, Covode, Driggs, Eok-
