1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8497
They recommend, among other things, the fol-
lowing provision:
&ec. G. All smoking tobacco shall be put up in two,
four, eight, and sixteen ounce packages only. But
fine-cut chcwing: tobacco shall be put up only in pack-
ages of one half, one, two, four, eight, and sixteon
ounces; or of five, ten, twenty, forty,sixty, and eighty
pounds each. All packages weighing ten pounds or
more shall bo of wood.
Then after they had made their compromise,
and after they came before the committee, a
question arose between these men and the
western men nboutthosepackages. Itresulted
in the eastern men getting so far the better of
western men that the latter yielded, and agreed
to bring the wooden packages down to four
ponnds according to the provision of the present
law.
Mr. MYERS. That is a sufficient explana-
tion ; but I say that the amendment ought to
be agreed to in order to favor these other men,
that they may put one stamp on their three
dozen and six dozen packages as they formerly
did, and not lose, as they will have to do under
the provision of the bill, one eighth of an ounce
on every package they sell. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line fourteen the words "twenty,
forty, and sixty;" so as to make the paragraph
read:
A11 fine-cut chewing tobacco, and all other kinds
of tobacco not otherwise provided for, in packages
of one half, one, two, four, eight, and sixteen ounces,
except that line-cut chewing tobacco may, at the
option of the manufacturer, bo put up in wooden
packages of ten pounds each.
I desii'e for a moment the attention of the
committee, and particularly of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means. I am
well aware that when antagonistic interests are
represented it is sometimes of great conse-
quence to the Committee of Ways and Means
to get the opposing interests to compromise
and concede something for the sake ofharmony.
But this House ought to have something to say
in reference to the safety of the revenue under
any proposed bill. And I raise the question
whether, in the opinion of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means and in the
opinion of the House, it is possible to prevent
a very large amount of fraud when we allow a
barrel holding sixty pounds of tobacco to go
out into trade with the revenue pi'otected only
by a paper stamp put somewhere on the head
or staves. Suppose the barrel thus stamped is
sent to the retailer's shop, and the manufac-
turer, beingin collusion with the retailer,comes
by night when the barrel is half exhausted and
puts in thirty pounds, which has never paid the
tax, may he not do this again and again and
again ? It seems to me there is 110 possibility
of preventing this kind of fraud so long as a
wooden package of the size of a barrel is al-
lowed to be put into market with no other evi-
dence of the payment of the tax than a paper
stamp. Of course so large a package can be
opened without the destruction of the stamp,
and even if the stamp were canceled by tear-
ing, the barrel could still be filled fraudulently
in the manner I have already indicated. It
should also be remembered that fine-cut chew-
ing tobacco can be manufactured in garrets
and out-of-the-way places, and the retail dealer
would fiftd many small manufacturers who
could keep the barrel filled.
I am opposed.therefore,to these large wooden
packages. It seems to me, whatever parties
are concerned in this interest the House ought
to be concerned in inquiring what doors the
provision opens to fraud.
This bill requires snuff to be put up in pack-
ages of not more than ten pounds; why not
have the same rule in regaid to chewing
tobacco? Why not put it up in packages of
ten pounds with a stamp on each package '?
With such a provision theie would be little
oppoitunity for fraud. The stamp must neces-
saiiiv be destroyed in opening the package :
and the business of refilling such packages
would be too small to warrant the risk incm red
in practicing the fraud. But when you have a
whole barrel of sixty pounds you afford asgieat
facility for fraud as rascals could ask for, and
in corresponding degree you increase the
temptation.
I ask the chairman whether the point, I have
made is not a meritorious one which the House
ought to carefully consider. I have therefore
moved to strike out these three amounts,
twenty, forty, and sixty, so that a stamp shall
certainly cover the package and be destroyed
in opening it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I think I can explain to the
gentleman's satisfaction. The gentleman has
been on the Committee of Ways and Means for
a couple of years, and has some knowledge of
matters of this kind; but I do not think he has
read the bill to a good purpose. He says after
you have this package stamped you may open
it and fill it up a dozen times with tobacco
without breaking the stamp. I will be much
obliged to him if he will tell me where ho wili
get the tobacco notstainped with which to fill it?
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 think there is a time,
indeed, from experience on the Committee of
Ways and Means, I know there is a time, when
the tobacco is not in the package.
Mr. LOGAN. A man in a little store would
hardly go to the manufacturer to have his barrel
filled without its being stamped. It is impos-
sible to open it without breaking the stamp.
It is stamped at the manufactory, and when it
goes behind the counter it goes with a stamp.
You cannot break the package without break-
ing the stamp. That is a simple proposition.
The gentleman is representing about three
establishments in the United Stales. There
are three establishments in the United States
which put up tobacco in tin-foil, and they desire
to do so hereafter and to wipe out the western
manufacturers who put it up in boxes. Here
are the Messrs. Lorillard, who pay $1,000,000
taxes. Thoy have the most extensive estab-
lishment in the United States. They agreed
to the proposition, but they now come here
and get sonic one to defeat it before the House
so as to strike down the western manufacturer.
1 am astonished, therel'oret to see a western
man take their side. They wish to advance
their interest to the destruction of the western
tobacco manufacturers. Now, sir, we do not
interfere with gentlemen putting up tobacco
in tin-foil. Let them sell as much as they can
of it, but do not let them interfere with those
who cannot do it.
I will explain a little farther. If the gentle-
man is anxious to have all tobacco put up in
tin foil what is to be the result? Is it not as
easy to take plug tobacco behind the counter,
tear the package, and fill it up again? ^ Is it
not as easy to do that as to open a box of fine-
cut chewing tobacco ? He does not say a word
about plug tobacco. They are all stamped
alike. The question is that these three men
wish to get the whole business of the country,
and we propose they shall not do it; that they
shall not wipe out the western manufacturers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. GARFIELD. I move an amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Then we shall have'it all
night, for I shall move another.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire the attention
of the committee.
Mr. MULLINS. Thegentleman has spoken
once.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
right to move an amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. FILE. Has he the right to make another
speech?
The CHAIRMAN. Ho has.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, I rose to move an amendment
which 1 believed to be meritorious, and the
only answer the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Looan] has given is this: that in order to
1 refill a barrel bearing the United States rev-
j enue stamp, the manufacturer must break some
I other packages of tobacco also bearing a rev-
i enue stamp, and therefore there is no such
opportunity for fraud I suggested. Now, it
seems to menot. a very great stretch of imagin-
ation to suppose that there is a time in the
process of manufacturing tobacco where it has
not yet been put into packages, and hence has
not paid the tax ; and at that time the manu-
facturer might, if he is a rascal, take some of
it out of his shop by night and fill up the
retailer's half empty barrel on which a stamp
has been placed, and thus directly defraud the
Treasury out of the tax on all the amount thus
put, in. This was the suggestion I made to
the committee in support of my amendment.
I have heard no remark from the gentleman
nor anybody else which seems to me an ade-
quate answer to that suggestion.
Now, anotherthingin regard to which Tbegthe
indulgence of the committee for a moment.
I most strenuosly deprecate the practice of
charging a man on this floor the moment he
speaks on any subject, with representing some-
body's special interest. I offered my amend-
ment and made my remarks, I believe, in good
temper—certainly with very good intentions—
and with the kind attention of the committee.
The gentleman inrmediately referred to me as
representing some three houses in New York,
which houses I have never before heard of.
I desire to inform that gentleman that I rep-
resent no house in New York or elsewhere.
This Committee of the Whole House ought to
have something to say on the practical working
of a proposed law, and when we express
opinion, I, for one, do not intend to submit to
be told that I am a partisan of some special
interest in this country. That does not seem
to me to be the way to argue a question before
this House. Nor do I think it necessary to
turn to gentlemen in the course of debate and
say if they had read the bill they would
have known something about it; or if they
had read a little further, and come down to
plug tobacco, then they would know some-
thing. 1 do not pretend to know a great deal.
I do not know that I ever set myself up for
being very wise. But 1 did declare before the
committee, a few minutes ago, that 1 thought
here was an opportunity for frauds being per-
petrated upon the Government. I said so
then, and 1 say so now, and to my dull capa-
city, no answer has been made thus far to the
objection that I have indicated. If any gen-
tleman will answer it I shall be glad to listen.
If the chairman of the committee will answer
it 1 will gladly hear him. If, however, he
does not desire to answer it I have nothing
more to say. But I take it we are here as
gentlemen and friends, each working for the
same purpose, and if any member offers a
proposition nothing but that proposition ought
to be spoken to in this House. The very
essence of honorable debate is that it shall be
impersonal. For my part, I do not intend to
engage in any personalities here. I think the
point I made in my amendment was well
taken, and has not been answered. I hope
the committee will strike out the three words
"twenty," "forty," and "sixty."
Mr. LOGAN. X am certainly very much
astonished at the manner and tone of the re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio. If there
is anything in the world that I am incapable
of it would be an intended offense toward a
gentleman. I certainly did not accuse him of
being the attorney of anybody. I certainly
said nothing that ought to have caused him to
be so sensitive. I said there were about three
firms manufacturing this kind of tobacco. I did
not mean that the gentleman was identified
with them, and he did not, or could not have
so understood it, unless he was desirous of
misunderstanding what I said. Now, so far
as dull comprehension is concerned I am not
responsible for that. If the gentleman conld
not understand what I said, it certainly is not
my misfortune. I intended no offense to the
gentleman, nor did I expect to see him become
so heated and exasperated. There is no neees-
ity I'or that. I have the kindest feelingtoward
him, I am sure, and always have had. But
occasionally he gets a little hot toward me lor
