THE GONftRIBSIOML, GhOmi
XoTeinber £0*
_ Joseph Wr McClurg. No excuse offered.
Jam^s R. MeCoiiMioK. No excuse offered.
Hiram McCullough. No excuse offered.
Samcel McKee. No excuse offered.
James. 1£. Moorhead. No excuse offered.
Daniel J. Morrell. No excuse offered.
John MbttrassEY. No excuse offered.
-Wix.i.rAM Munohn. No excuse offered.
Carman A. Newcomb. No excuse offered.
J.-P. Newsham. No excuse offered.
William 13. Niblacjc. No excuse offered.
John A. Nicholson. No excuse offered.
Benjamin W. Norris. No excuse offered.
David A. Nunn. No excuse offered.
Ooblove 8. Orth. No excuse offered.
oiiaiiles E. Phelps. No excuse offered.
Fredisbic A. Pike. No excuse offered.
• William A. Pile. No excuse offered.
Tobias A. Plants. No excuse offered.
' Daniel Polsley. No excuse offered.
Theodore M. Pomeroy. No excuse offered.
-Bika.v Price. No excuse offered.
John Y. L. Pruyn. No excuse offered.
Samuel J. Randall. No excuse offered.
Green B. Raum. No excuse offered.
William B. Robinson. No excuse offered.
Logan H. lloois. No excuse offered.
Lewis W. Ross. No cxcuse offered.
Lewis Selye. No excuse offered.
Samuel Shellabarger.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that Mr. Shella-
barger be excused on account of sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
Charles Sitgreayes. No excuse offered.
Henry II. Starkweather. No excuse
offered.
Frederick Stone. No excuse offered.
J. II. Sypiieii. No excuse offered.
Stephen Tabeh. No excuse offered.
John Taffe. No excuse offered.
Lawrence S. Trimble. No excuse offered.
Charles Upson.
Mr. DRIGGS. My colleague, Mr. Upson,
is ill, and his family quite ill, so that lie could
not attend. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Daniel M. Van Auken. No excuse offered.
Robert T. Van Horn. No excuse offered.
PinLADEi.ru Van Trump. No excuse offered.
Cadwalader C. Washburn. No excuse
offered.
Thomas Williams. No excuse offered.
William Williams. No excuse offered.
James F. Wilson, No excuse offered.
Fernando Wood. No excuse offered.
George W. Woodward. No excuse offered.
P. M. B. Young. No excuse offered.
Mr. BROOMALL. Would it be in order
to move that my colleague, Mr. Randall, be
excused ?
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Randall can speak
for himself.
Mr. BROOMALL. lie is not here. He is
very much indisposed. He is not here at least
in contemplation of law.
Mr. RANDALL. He is not only here now,
but he will be here in the next Congress, which
the gentleman will not. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
a motion to excuse any member who is on the
list of absentees is always in order durins? a
call of the House.
Mr. BROOMALL. -1 think, then, I ought
to move that my colleague be excused on ac-
count of indisposition to vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman is himself
excused from the next Congress by the indis-
bosition of his constituents to send him here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How is
it with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall?]
Mr. RANDALL. I am coming back.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If you get
/Otes enough. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. My colleague's case has
not yet been passed upon.
Mr. RANDALL. Yours has.
Mr. BROOMALL. I think, Mr. Speaker,
I will make the motiou I have indicated, that
my.colleague be excused «n account of indis-
position to vote.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to.
inquire whether a message has been received
from the Senate?
The SPEAKER. A message cannot be re-
ceived while the doors are closed.
Mr. SC2ENCK. Is a message at the door?
Mr. PAINE. I raove that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to; and the doors
were reopened.
ADJOURNMENT.
A message from the Senate was announced,
when Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, said :
I am directed by the Senate to inform the
House that the Senate has concurred in the
resolution of the House for the adjournment
of the two Houses till the 16th day of October
next, and for the subsequent adjournments
named in the resolution.
Rlr. SCHENCK, (at one o'clock and ten
minutes p. m.) I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; when
The SPEAKER said: In accordance with
the concurrent resolution adopted by the two
Houses of Congress, I declare the second ses-
sion of the Fortieth Congress adjourned till
Friday, the 16th day of October, at noon.
IN SENATE.
Friday, October 10, 18t!S.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Monday, September 21,1808,
was read and approved.
Senators present—lions. B. F. Wade, S.
Cameron, C. Cole, and D. T. Patterson of
Tennessee.
The PRESIDENT pn tempore, (Hon. B.
F. Wade.) Unless a motion be interposed the
Chairwill declare the Senate adjourned. [After
a pause.] No motion being made, the Chair
declares the Senate adjourned to the 10th day
of November, 1868, pursuant to the resolution
of the two Houses adopted on Monday, the
21st September last.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, October 1G, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox, as fol-
lows:
Almighty God, our Creator, Preserver, and
Redeemer: Thanks be to Thy holy name for
all Thy gracious gifts unto the children of men,
not only for the creation of our lives, but their
preservation, and above all, for the highest of
all Thy blessings, the knowledge of salvation
through Jesus Christ, Thy Son. We bless Thee
that Thou hast added to all other gifts of Thine
the preservation of our lives -while we have
been separated from each.other, and that we
are permitted to meet again in peace this morn-
ing. Glory to God on high for all his mercies
shown 1 We bless Thee, 0 God, for all the evi-
dences Thou art giving us of right-mindedness
in the population of this land ; and we beseech
Thee that Thou wilt so teach the people that
in the result, when the great issue of the con-
test is reached, we shall find that expression so
given as to place the country immovably from
this time forward upon the great foundations
on which alone it can rest—righteousness and
justice, out of which peace and prosperity will
cofne. We bless Thee, 0 God, that from this
day forth we may believe that peace and order
shall begin to be restored to the country, that
bloodshed and outrage and disorder of every
i kind shall begin to cease ; for we think we see
the beginning of the end of strife—the begin-
ning, and we hope the rapid growth and final
maturity of a great, free, American, Christian
nationality. We pray Thee, 0 God, to bless
the whole nation, to remember all classes and
conditions of the people. Give all their due
rights. Minister uuto all such consolations £is
they need. Prepare up all for our great mis-
sioa in this world as a Christian nation, and
individually for the great work we have to per-
form aud for the solemn account we have to
render. We ask it for Christ's sake. Amen.
The SPEAKER. The recess having exphed,
the House of Representatives resumes its ses-
sion. The Journal of the 21st of Septembei
is not in possession of the Clerk, but is at the
Printing Office. If there be no objection the
reading of it will be dispensed with. The
Chair hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
The Cleilc will now read the concurrent reso-
lution under which the two Houses of Con-
gress convene on this day.
The Cierk read as follows:
"Revolved, (tlieSenateconeurring.) That when tho
two Houses adiourn to-day the President of thesen-
ate and tlio Speaker of the House of Representatives
adjourn their respective Houses until twelve o'clock
noon on the lGth day of October, 3868; and th'it they
then.nnloss otherwise ordered by the two Houses,
further adjourn their respcctivc Houses until thclOtn
day of November,1808,at twelve o'clock noon; and
then, unless otherwise ordered by the two Houses,
they further adjourn their respective Houses until
the first Monday of December, 1868, at twelve o'clock
noon."
The SPEAKER. If no motion is made
looking to the rescinding in whole or in pari
of this concurrent resolution, it is the duty of
the Chair under the resolution to declare the
House of Representatives adjourned until Tues-
day, the 10th of November, at noon. [A
pause.] In accordance with the concurrent
resolution adopted by the two Houses on the
21st of September last, I declare the second
session of the House of Representatives of
the Fortieth Congressadjourned until Tuesdaj',
the 10th of November, at noon.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, November 10, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Friday, the 16th of October
last, was read and approved.
Senators present—Hons. B. F. Wade of
Ohio, H. W. Corbett of Oregon, James Har-
lan of Iowa, Edwin D. Morgan of New York,
and William Pinekney Whyte of Maryland
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, (Hon. B.
F. Wade,) pursuant to the adjournment on the
16th of October last, took the chair at twelve
o'clock m.; and he directed the resolution
adopted on the 21st of September, under which
the adjournment on the 10th of October last
to this day was ordered, to be read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
"liesolved by tile Senate, (tbe House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House of ltepresentatives do
adjourn their respective Houses until twelve o'clock
noon of the 16th day of October, 1868; and that they
then, unless otherwise ordered by the two Houses,
further adjourn thoirrespeetivellouses until tholOth
day of November, 1868, at twelve o'clock noon; and
that they then, unless otherwise ordered, further
adjourn their respective Houses to tbo firat Monday
of December, 1868, at twelve o'clock noon.''
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless it
be otherwise ordered, the Chair, according to
the order which lias been read, will declare
the Senate adjourned until the first Monday of
December next. [After a pause.] No motion
being made it is so declared, and the Senate
stands adjourned until the first Monday of
December next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, November 10, 1868.
The Housemet at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton, as fol-
lows:
■ God, Creator and Preserver of us
all. We thank Thee for that kind and fatherly
protection by which we have been spared unto
this present hour, and desire to lift cur pravers
and thanksgivings once more uuto Thee (b rough
Jesus Christ our Advocate and Redeemer,
n 6 , 'leeo, lkee, O Lord, to accept our
thanks lor the good issue to which Thou hast
i brought the great questions that have been
i, pending before the country. We belWv'e that
