1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
823) granting a pension to George W. Locker;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
rolls, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension law, the name of George W.
Locker, late a private in company G, fifteenth
regiment Iowa volunteer infantry, the pension
to commence June 17, 1862.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report, which was read, states that
George W. Locker enlisted in company G,
fifteenth regiment Iowa volunteer infantry,
October 24, 1861, and was discharged from
the service June 17, 1862, near Corinth, Mis-
sissippi. There is abundant evidence to show
that he was a strong and robust man at the
time he entered the service. William T. Cun-
ningham, captain of his company, states that
he was a healthy person in every particular,
able and ready for duly from the time he en-
listed for about four months, after which he
was seized with epilepsy, resulting from severe
exposure while in service. The committee,
after careful examination, believe Locker to
be suffering from disability contracted in the
military service of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLSLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMIK VAUGHM.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 821)
granting a pension to Aniie Vaughm ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-rolls, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Amie Vaughm, widow of Daniel Vaughm,
late a private in company A, fifty-eighth Penn-
sylvania volunteers, the pension to commence
December 25, 1803.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN AW IIUOHES.
Mr. BEATTY also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (EL It. No.
825) granting a pension to John W. Hughes;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to au-
thorize and direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of John W. Hughes, late a private in
company I, nineteenth Iowa volunteers, the
pension to commence February 21, 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHAEL MELLON.
Mr. BEATTY also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. II. No.
820) granting a pension to Michael Mellon ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
ize and direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-rolls, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Michael Mellon, late of company H,
sixty-second Illinois volunteers, the pension
to commence May 13, 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS SMITH.
Mr. BEATTY also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely upon the
petition ofThomas Smith, forapension ; which
was laid on the table.
WILLIAM BRYAN.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported adversely upon
the petition of William Bryan, for a pension ;
which was laid on the table.
ELIZA VAN BltENNSEK.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported adversely on the petition
of Eliza Van Brennser; which was laid on the
table.
JIELINDA JONES.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported adversely upon the peti-
tion of Melinda Jones, widow of Captain The-
ophilus J ones; which was laid on the table.
ANN -WILSON.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 827)
granting a pension to Ann Wilson; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the pension-rolls,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Ann Wilson, widow
of Michael Wilson, late of company F, seventy-
first regiment New York volunteers, commenc-
ing December 20, 1865.
It appears from the report that Ann Wilson
is the widow of Michael Wilson, late of com-
pany F, seventy-iirst regiment New York vol-
unteers, who was pensioned for disability con-
tracted while in the service of the United
States ; that subsequently he enlisted in the
Veteran Reserve corps, and after serving some
time was court-martialed and sentenced to
hard labor, from which he was pardoned; and
that afterward he died from the effects of the
disability contracted while in the service.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsidcr
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN WILLIAM M'KEAN.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (II. R. No. 828)
for the relief of Captain William McKean ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes auddirects the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the pension-rolls
the name of Captain William McKean, late of
company I, ninety-second regiment of New
York volunteers, and cause to be paid to liim
the same pension allowed by the general pen-
sion laws to persons having lost the sight of
both eyes in the military service of the United
States, said pension to be paid under the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws.
It appears from the report that William
McKean was enrolled and mustered into the
service of the United States as captain of com-
pany 1, ninety-second New York volunteers,
October 23, 1861, and while on recruiting duty
between Potsdam and Gouverneur, New York,
he was struck in the eye with a cinder from the
locomotive. The cinder was removed by the
acting assistant surgeon of the regiment, but
ophthalmia set in and he finally lostthe sight of
both eyes. He was continued on the muster-
roll of the company until December, 1862,
when he was dropped and mustered out from
the date of his muster in. "• Ota the record the
Commissioner could not place his name upon
the pension-rolls, and the action of Congress
was rendered necessary.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. SUSAN TEN EYCIv WILLIAMSON.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from same committee
also reported a bill(H. R. No. 829) granting a
pension to Mrs. Susan Ten Evck Williamson;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizesand directs the Secretary
of the Interiorto place the name of Mrs. Susan
Ten Eyck Williamson, widow of Charles L.
Williamson, late captain in the United States
Navy, on the pension -rolls at the rate of thirty
dollars per m.ontli, to commence fromand after
the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mi-. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LINCOLN MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 210) to authorize the Secretary of
War to place at the disposal of the Lincoln
Monument Association damaged and captured
ordnance ; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of War to place at
the disposal of the Lincoln Monument Asso-
ciation, incorporated by an act of Cougress
entitled "An act to incorporate the Lincoln
Monument Association," approved March 3,
1867, damaged and captured guns and ord-
nance out of which to cast the statues of the
principle figures surmounting, and to be incor-
porated in said structure ; provided that no
metal as aforesaid shall be thus appropriated
until the voluntary contributions for said pur-
pose, actually in the hands of the treasurer,
shall amount to 5100,000.
There being no objection the bill was con-
sidered.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I have no
desire to take the time of the House unless
some one desires an explanation. It will be
recollected during last Congress we incorpo-
rated what is called the Lincoln Monument
Association. That association has proceeded
in its work, and they only ask now that there
bo placed at their disposal broken cannon
captured from the enemy to make the princi-
pal figures on the monument, when there shall
be $100,000 of voluntary contributions in their
treasury. There are plenty of these broken
cannon on hand, and I think there will be no
objection to the resolution.
Mr. BUTLER. With the consent of the
gentleman from New York. [Mr. Van Horn,]
I move to amend by adding after "1867" the
words, and all other associations of a similar
character."
Mr. VAN HORN. I will allow the amend-
ment. I demand the previous question.
Ihe previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes seven.
_ Mr. CHANLER. I demand tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. UPSON. I move to reconsiderthe vote
by winch the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] was agreed to.
