1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2475
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Wilson-, of Jowa, and Wash-
burne, of Illinois.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 43.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
enrolled bills.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled bills and joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles, when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (8. No. 475) to extend the charter
of Washington city, also to regulate the selec-
tion of officers, and for other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 416) for the relief of John S.
Cunningham, paymaster United States Navy ;
An act (S. No. 358) providing for the resto-
ration of Lieutenant, Commander Trevett Ab-
bott, of the United States Navy, to the active
list of the Navy;
An act (S. No. 4(i2) making appropriations
for the expenses of the trial of the impeach-
ment of Andrew Johnson and other contingent
expenses of the Senate for the year ending June
30, 1868, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (S. II. No. 126) for the re-
lief of George W. Doty, a commander in the
United States Navy on the retired list; and
Joint resolution (S. It. No. 118) for the ap-
pointment of a commission to select suitable
locations for powder magazines.
TRADK WITH THE BRITISH PROVINCES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting a supple-
mental report on trade with the British North
American provinces; which, with the accom-
panying report, was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER.also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a communica-
tion from the acting Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, with estimates of appropriations re-
quired to carry out treaty stipulations with the
Pottawatomie Indians; which were referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and or-
dered to be printed.
TIIB SOUTHERN ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the General of the Army, in answer to the res-
olution of the House of the 12th instant, trans-
mitting the reports of the several district com-
manders of the recent elections held in the
States of Georgia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, and Louisiana; which, with the accom-
panying documents, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM M'GARRAIIAN AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] is nowjentitled to the floor for
one hour to close the debate on the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON.' Will the gentleman allow
me half a minute?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I simply desire to state
that the reasons which I gave in the five min-
utes allowed me are not the only reasons I
have for voting for this bill. The frauds by
the New Idria Mining Company and other par-
ties alleged in the report of the committee
furnish additional considerations to influence
my mind in my action.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, resumed the floor.
Mr. H1GBY. I will say to the gentleman
from Iowa that I would like, in the course of
his hour, to have fifteen minutes, if he will let
me.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. I will do so now.
Mr. HiGBY. 1 would prefer to hear the
gentleman speak first.
Mr. WlLsON, of Iowa. Very well. Mr.
Speaker, this report has been attacked as one
involving a great fraud. I have, in reply to
that charge, to say that the Committee on the
Judiciary have examined this case with great
care and at great length. If there is a feature
of the case on either side thereof which has
not been brought to the attention of the com-
mittee the fault lies with the parties contesting
for this property.
Patiently and for days the committee listened
to the proofs and arguments presented by the
claimant in whose favor this report is made,
and by a party unknown to the record of the
casein the courts, who has pursued this claimant
relentlessly during the past twelve or thirteen
years. The report proposes no new steps in
legislation. It does not look to the establish-
ment of a new precedent. It does not ask the
House to sit as a court of review upon the
decisions of the Supreme Court. Nothing of
the kind is involved in this case. If the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Van Wyck,] who
brings this charge of fraud, had examined the
report of the committee, he would have found
five cases of precedents there referred to, to
wit; 1. The Soscol act, 12 United States Stat-
utes, page 808; 2. The Bolso de Jornales act,
13 United States Statutes, page 136; 3. Ex-
Mission SanJos6act, 13 United States Statutes,
page 534 ; 4. Laguna de Santos Calle act, 13
UnitedStates Statutes, page372; and 5. Baron
de Bastrop act, 9 United States Statutes, page
597.
Those precedents involve the same principle
upon which this bill is based, though the char-
acter of each particular case may vary some-
what from this one.
Now, sir, having found the precedents, I
wish to call the attention of the House to the
nature and character of this case ; and I may
here say that in passing upon this case the
committee and the House are entitled to exer-
cise those broad principles of equity which
would lift this proceeding out of the narrow
rule which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] has quoted from the decisions
of the Supreme Court, even though he had
correctly understood those decisions. But,
sir, I undertake to say that in the case to which
he referred, which carried this contest into the
Supreme Court of the UnitedStates, there was
no consideration of the real merits of the case
as they where presented to the committee, nor
has there been in any other proceeding in the
Supreme Court.
I wish now briefly to pass over the history
of the case. Vincent P. Gomez claimed that
he had received a grant of lands from the Mexi-
can Government four square leagues in extent,
and after the treaty of Guadaloupe Hidalgo, by
which the United States was bound to protect
such rights and interests, and after the passage
of the act of 1851 establishing the board of
land commissioners in California, he presented
his petition for an adjustment of his claim and
a confirmation of his grant.
The/board of land commissioners decided
Uhat Jae had produced evidence sufficient to
BjVve the existence and validity of the grant;
bat, inasmuch as he had not proved occupancy,
they rejected his petition and refused to confirm
the grant. Now, let it be remembered that, so
far as the genuineness of the grant was con-
cerned the board of land commissioners did
not challenge it, and only held adversely to the
prayer of the claimant's petition on the tech-
nical question of possession.
During these proceedings one Pacificus Ord
was the attorney for the claimant Gomez.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman
allow me to make an inquiry of him?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. VAN WYCK. My question is this:
suppose the board of commissioners had rati-
fied the claim of Gomez; was it not competent
to appeal from their decision to the Supreme
Court of the United States and have it re-
versed, if possible?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Undoubtedly, first ii
appealing to the district court. !j
Mr. VAN WYCK. Very good. Then the !'
whole thing in regard to this matter as to the m
absence of occupancy being taken into con- II
sideration by the board was all presented to
the consideration of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
has examined this case he knows just as well
as I do, without asking the question, that an
appeal would lie.^ As 1 was saying when inter-
rupted at that point of this case, Pacificus Ord
was an attorney for Gomez. Some time after-
ward, and during the same year, Ord was ap-
pointed United States district attorney for the
southern district of California. The then claim-
ant, Gomez, appealed to the district court of
the United States, not because the laml com-
missioners had decided his grant to be invalid,
but because they had decided that it was neces-
sary for him to prove occupancy. Upon that
state of record and finding of the commis-
sioners the case went into the district court
of the United States.
In the proceedings had in the United States
district court we find the commencement of this
charge of fraud against this claim. Now, what
are the facts? It is in proof in the case—it is
in proof in the very case the gentleman from.
New York [Mr. Van Wyck] has read from,
but from which he did not read the explana-
tory affidavit of Ord—that Old notified the
Attorney General of the United States of his
interest in certain land cases in California, and
requested him to select special counsel to take
charge of the interests of the Government.
The Attorney General paid no attention to this
notification. The ease came on for hearing.
After having waited for the Attorney General
to act, and he having neglected to act, Ord
himself procured another attorney to appear
in the case. When the case was called, the
Supreme Court of the United States having
in the meantime decided in the Fremont case
that occupancy was not necessary to the estab-
lishment of the validity of a grant, Old said
that h knew of no objection to the confirma-
tion of the grant, 'i he board of land commis-
sioners had approved of the validity of the
grant, and only ruled Gomez out on the ques-
tion of occupancy. There was no fraud in
this, as it seems to the committee ; for it was
in harmony with what we consider, alter care-
ful examination, the legal ngtits of the party
claimant.
But it is said, in the opinion of the Supreme
Court referred to, that Ord had received his
share of this land covered by ihis claim for the
nominal consideration of one dollar. it is
true that is the consideration stated m the con-
veyance. But the real consideration was the
services of Ord, as attorney for Gomez, in pre-
senting the case belore the board of land com-
missioners prior to the time that he was ap-
pointed United States district attorney. It
may be said that one half of the land was a
very large fee for the service rendered. But
it must be remembered that it was not then
known that this land embodied any mineral
deposits whatever, and was regarded as of very
litlle value. The great body of land was re-
garded as worthless, and one half of it was
sold for the beggarty sum of §1.000; so that
in the worst feature of the case Ord really re-
ceived, in payment for his services, an interest
which he might chance to sell tor §1.000, but
which had no fixed value, for attending to the
case before the land commissioners, not a very
large sum, I apprehend, to be paid for such
services in California at iliat time, it was
upon this action of Ord—of which, by the way,
it seems, this present claimant, Mctxarrahan,
knew nothing whatever—that this case turned
in the Supreme Court of the United Stales, and
r.ot on the merits of the case. The red! merits
of the case have not been there, nor has the
great, bodj' of the testimony presented before
the Committee on the Judiciary been in the
Supreme Court or any other court of the United
States, or before the board of laud commis-
sioners.
Mr. TAFFE. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment V
Mr. WILSON, of Jowa. Certainly.
Mr. TAFFE. There seems to be some con-
