3500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
press-room each day,), sold, consumed, or removed
for consumption or salfc, or removed from the place
of manufacture m bond, and to what district; and
shall, on or before the tenth day of c cli and every
month, furnish to the assistant assessor of the divis-
ion a true and accurate abstract from such book of
all such purchases, sales, and removals, madeduring
the month next preceding, which abstract shall be
verified by his oath or affirmation; and incase of re-
fusal or willful neglect to deliver the inventory, or
keep the account, or furnish the abstract aforesaid, he
shall, on conviction, be fined not loss than $o00 nor
more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than three years. And it shall bo
the duty of any dealer in leaf tobacco, or in any ma-
terial used in manufacturing tobacco or snuff, on de-
mand of any officer of internal rovenue to render a
true and correct statement, verified by oath or aflh ill-
ation, of the Quantity and amount of such loaf to-
bacco or materials sold or delivered to any person
named in such demand; and in ease of refusal or
neglect to render such statement, or if thero is cause
to believe such statement to bo incorroct or frn udn-
lent, the assessor shall make an examination of per-
sons, books, and papers, in the same manner as pro-
vided in this act in relation to frauds and evasions.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows :
Sec. 72. And be it farther enacted. That the Cora-
missionerof Internal Kcvenuo shall cause to be pre-
pared suitable and special rovenue stamps for pay-
ment of the to-x on tobacco and snuff, which stamps
shall indicate the weight and class of the article on
which payment is to be mado, and stamps when used
on any wooden pack ago shall be canceled by sinking
a portion of the same into the wood with a steeldic;
also, such warehouse stamps as are required by this
act. which stamps shall bo furnished to the collectors
of internal revenue requiring the same, who shall
each keep at all times a supply equal in amount to
three months' sales thereof, and shall sell the same
only to tho manufacturers of tobacco and snuff in
their respective districts who have given bonds as
required by law, to owners or consignees of tobacco
or t-nuff. upon the requisition of the proper custom-
house officer having the custody of such tobncco or
snuff, and to persons required by law to aflix the
same to tobacco or snuff on hand on the 1st day of
January, A. t). I860; and every collector shall keep
an account of the number, amount, and denominate
values of ktamps sold by him to each manufacturer,
and to other poisons above described.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sue. 73. And be it farther enacted, That every man-
ufacturer of tobacco or snuff shall, in addition to all
other requirements of this act relating to tobacco,
securely afiix, by pasting on each package contain-
ing tobacco or snuff manufactured by or for him, a
label on which shall be printed, together with the
manufacturer's name and the number of his manu-
factoiy, and the district and State in which it is sit-
uated, those words:
"Notice.—-The manufacturer of this tobacco has
complied with all requirements of law. Every per-
son is cautioned, under tho penalties of law, not to
use this package for tobacco again."
Any manufacturer of tobacco who shall neglect to
afiix such label to any package containing tobacco
made by or for him, or sold or offered for sale by or
for him; or any person who shall remove any sueh
label so alhxod liom any such package,shall, oncon-
viction, be lined fifty dollars for each package in
respect to which such offen.se shall be committed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move before
the words u securely afiix" to insert "print
on each package or."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next section, as follows :
Sbc. 74. And be it further enacted, That any manu-
facturer of tobacco or snuff who shall remove other-
wise than as provided by law, or sell any tobacco or
snuff without the proper stamps denoting the tax
thereon, or without having paid tho special tax, or
given bond as required #by law, or who shall make
false or fvaudulpnt entries of manufactures or sales
of tobacco or snuff, or who shall make false or fraud-
ulent entries of the purchase or sales of leaf tobacco,
tobacco stems, or other material, or who shall afiix
any false, lorded, fraudulent, spurious, or counteifeit
stamp, or imitation of any stamp required by this
act, to any box or package containing any tobacco or
snuff, shall, in addition to the penalties elsewhere
provided in this act for such offenses, forfeit to the
Jnited States all tho raw material and manufactured
or partly manufactured tobacco and snuff, and all
machinery, tools, implements, apparatus, fixtures,
boxes, and barrels, and all other materials which
shall be found in the possession of such person, in
the manufactory of such person, or elsowbere.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Si'.c. 7*>. A nd be. it further enacted, That the absence
of the pioper «?«imp on any package of manufactured
tobacco Oi Miuli bhall benoiieeto all persons that the
t.ix has not been paid thereon, and shall be
facie evidence of the non-payment thereof. And <
such tobacco or snuff shall be forfeited to the United |
Sl.ilcs. j
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read |
as follows: I
Sbc. 7ti. And be it further enacted, That any person |
B
who shall remove from any manufactory, or from
any place where tobacco or snuff is mado, any man-
ufactured tobacco or Hiuff without the same being
put up in proper packages, or without the proper
stamp for the amount of tax thereon being affixed
and canceled, as required by law; or. if intended
for export, without the proper warehouse stamp
being affixed; or shall use, sell, or offer for sale, or
havo in possession, except in the manufactory or in
a bonded warehouse, any manufactured tobacco or
snuff, without proper stamps being affixed and can-
celed ; or shall sell, or offer for sale, for consumption
in the United States, or use, or have in possession,
except m the manufactory or in a bonded warehouse,
any manufactured tobacco or snuff on which only
tho warehouse stamp marking the same for export
has been affixed, shall, on conviction thereof, for
each such offense, respectively, be fined not less than
$1,000 nor more than #5,000, and be imprisoned not
less than six months nor more than two- years. And
any person who shall affix to any package containing
tobacco or snuff any false, forged, fraudulent, spu-
rious, or counterfeit stamp, or a stamp which has
been before used, shall be doemed guilty of a felony,
and, on conviction, shall bo fined not less than $1,000
nor more than So,000, and imprisoned not less than
two years nor more than five years.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Sbc. 77. And be it further enacted. That whenever
any stamped box, bag, vessel, wrapper, or envelope
of any kind, containing tobacco or snuff, shall bo
emptied, tho stamped portion theieof shall be de-
stroyed by the poison in whose hands the same may
be. And any person who shall willfully neglect or
refuse so to do shall, for each such offcuse, on convic-
tion, bo fined fifty dollars, and imprie-oncd not less
than ten days nor more than six months. And any
person who shall sell or give away, or who shall buy or
accept from another, any such empty stamped box,
bag. vessel, wrapper, or envelopoof any kind, or the
stamped portion thereof, shall, for each such offonsc,
on conviction, bo fined $100 and imprisoned for not
less than twenty days and not more than one year.
And any manufacturer or othor person who shall put
tobacco or snuff into any such box, bag, vosscl, wrap-
per, or cnvclopo, the same having been either emp-
tied or partially emptied, shall, for each such offense,
on conviction, be fined not less than $100 nor more
than >500, and imprisoned for not less than one nor
more than three years.
Mr. MYERS. I would like to know whether
class D warehouses are abolished in this bill ?
Mr. SCI1BNCK. Entirely.
Mr. ROBINSON. I suggest fo die Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that in all these
cases tho language is, shall be fined so much
for a small offense and imprisoned. It does
not seem to me right. I think it should be
u lined or imprisoned." I make this sugges-
tion.
Mr. ALLISON. It is that way now.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Sec. 78. And be it further enacted, That every manu-
facturer of plug tobacco shall provide at his own
exponse a warehouse suitable for the storage of plug
tobacco of hi$ own manufacture only; or ho may
provide a secure room in a suitable building, to be
used as such warehouse; but no dwelling-house shall
bo used for such purpose, and no door, window, or
other opening shall be mado or permitted in tho
walls thereof leading into any other room or building
used for any other purpose, or into the manufactory
where such tobacco is manufactured; and after a
bond has been given, as hereinafter provided, such
warehouse or room, when approved by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, on report of tho collector,
is hereby declared to be a bonded warehouse of the
United fetates, and shall bounder the control of the
collector of tho district and in the custody of an in-
ternal revenue storekeeper designated for that pur-
pose by the Commissioner of Internal Rovenue, and
shall be kept locked at all times except when such
offiocr shall be present; and the stamps required by
law on tho plug tobacco stored in such warehouse
shall be aflixed, and such of said stamps as are for
the payment of taxes shall be duly canceled before
removal from such warehouse. And the owner of
such warehouse shall execute a bond to the United
States, with two or more sureties, to be approved by
the collector and assessor, which bond shall be in
such form and contain such conditions ad shall be
proscribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revonue;
and the penal sum cf such bond shall not bo less
than $5,000. nor less than double the amount of tax
on the tobacco stored therein; and said bond may
be increased or renewed from time to time in regard
either to tho amount thereof or tho sureties as the
collector, assessor, or tho Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may require;.and such bonded warehouse
shall be under such further regulations as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe.
Mr. GARY. I move to strike out the word
"shall," in the second line, and insert "may.1'
It does seem to me a hardship to require eveiy
little manufacturer of tobacco in the country
to provide a bonded warehouse and pay for a
storekeeper,
Mr. MAYNARD. He does not pay for a
storekeeper.
Mr. GARY. Yes, sir; he does. He hag to
have one. He has to give a bond of $5,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. That objection was made
to us, and after hearing it was considered that
there was some reason in it, so we agreed with
the gentlemen who came before us to alter the
phraseology so as to makeit u or he may pro-
vide a secure room in a suitable building to be
used as such warehouse." That seemed to be
satisfactory.
Mr. CARY. There are a great many small
manufacturers who are not worth $5,000 who
have $5,000 worth of tobacco on hand or more,
and yet you require them all to have a bondea
warehouse or a storeroom, and to give a bond.
It seems to me this will have the effect to break
up all the small manufacturers of tobacco and
throw the business into the hands of monopo-
lists. I do not see the necessity for bonded
warehouses for tobacco at all except for export.
They cannot move it from the factory until a
stamp is put on it. They are under bond not
to do it. Any man is liable to the penitentiary
who takes it out of the factory before it is
stamped. Where is the necessity ©f taking
tobacco to a bonded warehouse to-day, aftd
then after putting on the tax taking it right oat
again, perhaps in an hour, upon an order for
it? And yet they must go through that farce
of putting it into the warehouse and taking it
out again. Every man is under fear of the
penitentiary if he takes it from the factory
before the tax is paid. I do not see that it can
be guarded any further. Mr. Chairman, I will
withdraw my amendment, and move to strike
out the whole section.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Srcc. 79. And he it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, upon the execution
of such bonds as he may prescribe, may designate
and establish, at any port of entry in the United States 
bonded warehouses for the storage ot manufactured
tobacco and snuff, in bond, intended for exportation,
selecting suitable buildings for sueh purpose, to be
recommended by the collector in charge of exports
at such port, to be known as export bonded ware-
houses, and used exclusively for tho storage of manu-
factured tobacco and snuff in bond. JEvery such
warehouse shall bo under the control of the collector
of internal revenue in charge of exports at the port
where such warehouse is located', and shall be in
charge of the internal revenue storekeeper assigned
there by tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue. No
manufactured tobacco or snuff shall be withdrawn
or removed from any bonded warehouse without an
order or permit from tho collector in chargo of
exports at such port, which shall be issued only for
tho immediate transfer to a vessel by which such
tobacco or snuff is to bo exported to a foreign coun-
try, as hereinafter provided, or after the tax has
been paid thereon. And such warehouse shall be
under such further regulations as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may prescribe.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as followg:
Skc. 80. And be it further enacted, That manufac-
tured tobacco and snuff may be removed in bond
from the warehouse of tho manufactory, without
payment of the tax, to bo transported directly to an *
export bonded warehouse for the storage of manu-
factured tobacco or snuff established at a port of
entry as hereinbefore provided; and tho deposit in
and withdrawal from any bonded warehouse, the
transportation and the exportation of manufactured
tobacco and snuff shall bo made under such rules
and regulations and after making such entries and
executing such bonds and givingsuch other additional
security as may be proscribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, which shall in all respects, so
far as applicable, conform to the provisions of law
and regulations relating to distilled spirits to be
deposited in or withdrawn from bonded warehouse
or transported or exported. All tobacao and snuff
intended for export, before being removed from the
manufacturer's warehouse, shall have affixed to each
P^ckagc an cngravedstamp indicative of tuieh inten-
tion, to bo provided and furnished to theseveral col-
lectors, as in the case of other stamps, and to be
charged to them and accounted for in the same man-
ner; and for the expense attending the providing
and affixing such stamps, twenty-five cents for each
package so stamped shall bo paid to the collector on
making the entry lor such transportation; but the
provisions of th's scetion shall not limit the time for
tobacco or snuff to remain in bond.
No amendment was offered, and the Clerk
read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 81. And be it f at titer enartcd, That in all cases
where tobacco or snuff of any description is manu-
factured, in whole or in part, upon commission or
shares, or where tho material from which any such
articles are made, or are to be made, is furnished by
one person and made or manufactured by another, or
where tho material is furnished or sold by one person
