1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2477
holders in the corporation, and have filed their
separate claims upon this land, seeking in this
way to get possession of three thousand feet
instead of two hundred.
Now, under this proceeding of the New
Idria Mining Company, if they should succeed
in getting possession of what they are claiming,
the Government of the United States would
receive $9,500 from all that valuable property,
while under the bill we have reported from the
committee on behalf of the claimant, the Uni-
ted States would receive $23,040. The cor-
poration of the New Idria Mining Company
have taken all the mineral land and added
thereto a few hundred acres of the adjacent
lands, leaving all the worthless portion of the
tract embraced in the boundaries of the grant
for the Government to dispose of as it can,
while McGarrahan comes in and proposes to
take the entire body, which gives the United
States more than double what it would receive
from the mining company contesting this
grant. Defeat this bill and no benefit results
to the Government, for under existing laws the
stockholders of the mining company would
demand land under the claims by them filed
in spite of any repealing acts you may pass.
In no event can a defeat of this bill inure to
the benefit of the Government.
Another thing. These parties have com-
plained that they have expended large sums
of money, and great injury will be done them if
this bill passes. Sir, the sworn statement of
one of the principal stockholders, Mr. Mills, of
the Bank of California, an institution which is
backing up this fight with its five millions of
capital, is that out of the product of that mine
this company had now more than paid all of its
expenditures. They have taken a large amount
of mineral from this mine, worth hundreds of
thousands of dollars, covering all expenses, and
leavingabalance of profit to thecompany. The
enterprise required them to make some ad-
vances in the first instance ; but afterthe mine
was put in active operation they paid all ex-
penses out of the product of the mine, and, as
the gentleman referred to testified, if a balance
were now to be struck it would be found in
favor of the company. They have had their
profit for nothing and have no just grounds of
complaint against this bill.
I now yield fifteen minutes to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. IIigby.]
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I know nothing
in regard to the details of this struggle between
two sets of claimants to the tract of land here
in question. Yet, sir, knowing something in
regard to the character of titles that were once
involved in this land question, knowing the
many great and grievous evils that have grown
out of it in our State, I feel a great interest so
far as the public is concerned, this Govern-
ment, and the government of my own State.
So far as the contestants with McGarrahan are
concerned, how many they are, who they are,
how great their wealth is. 1 know nothing about
it, except what may appear in a pamphlet that
has been laid on my desk—by whom I do not
know, but I presume it came from some one in
the interest of this New Idria Mining Company.
But, sir, I understand this bill to be in its
purport this: that after there has been a strug-
gle to make this Mexican grant title to the
lands good in the courts, which has failed, an
opportunity shall be given to this man McGar-
rahan to assume the same rights there which
he would have under the Mexican title that
was conveyed to him by Gomez. That I un-
derstand to be the purport and intent of this
bill. Pass it and he can go on to this grant,
as it is alleged to be, and go anywhere within
its exterior bounds, whether it includes twenty
or five hundred leagues, and locate his four
leagues of land.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to correct
the gentleman in that regard. The bill provides
that this claimant shall be entitled to purchase
the land which is embraced within the limits
of the survey under the grant' now on file in
the General Land Office.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, that survey was
made in accordance with the terms of the old
Mexican grants. The whole thing has been
done with reference to that survey. The loca-
tion of this piece of land has been made un-
der the rules established by the court with
reference to Mexican titles, and that is to go
anywhere within the exterior bounds of the
grant, no matter whether it be forty, fifty, five
hundred, or a thousand leagues, and locate the
two, three, or four leagues, and this very loca-
tion has been made in accordance with those
rules established by the court. It is true that
under this bill he is to have the four leagues
as surveyed, but they were surveyed under the
rules established. And this land was located,
as I learn from the committee and from the
papers, where this New Idria mine is, which
is worth, I know not how much; some say
$1,000,000, some $500,000, and others $100,-
000. I have never been there, and know
nothing about it except what I pick up from
outside information. I presume the committee
have more information on that subject than I
have.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that is precisely the po-
sition of this case. Pass this bill, and you
perpetuate that very system which has been
the curse of our State. I hope there never
will be any legislation in this body that will
perpetuate one single case of that kind.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from California whether he under-
stands that under this bill any additional sur-
vey can be made ?
Mr. HIGBY. No, sir; and I do not care
whether it can. I say the survey has been
made according to these rules, and this bill is
to settle the question and let this man go and
take his land where it was surveyed under the
old system of the Mexican grant. He has lo-
cated it. He located it wliiie they were eon-
testing in the courts ; he located it before they
went into court, and the object of this bill is to
give him that land thus located. There was a
great deal of land within the exterior bounds
of this grant, but he selected this land and went
into court and failed to get it.
The report of the committee refers to five or
six cases which are cited as analogous cases.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
certain of the cases they have cited and to
show the difference between these cases and
this case. I have a positive knowledge as to
three of them and of the passage of the bills
through Congress. I have knowledge as to
the facts in another case from outside informa-
tion, for the law was passed before I became
a member of Congress.
The Soscol case has been cited. Now, I
wish, before I say anything in regard to that, to
have the Clerk read the extract which I have
marked, from one of the decisions in that c:ise
of the United States rs. Gomez.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Regarding the case as regularly before the court, it
becomes necessary to examine the merits of the claim.
Some suspicion attaches to the claim because it is
made for lour leagues of land, whereas the only docu-
ment introduced in support of it, which isot the least
probative force, represents the original claimant as
having asked for but three leagues. Document re-
ferred to purports to be the petition of the claimant
to the Governor, and there is appended to it the usual
infunae ; but there is no eoncessio-n or grant, nor is
there any satisfactory ovidence that any title of any
kind was ever issued by the Governor to the claim-
ant. He states ill his petition to the land commis-
sioners that he obtained the map in the record from
the proper officers of the department; but the alleged
fact is not satisfactorily proved.
" Four witnesses were examined by the claimant
before the land commissioners, but only one of the
number pretended that he had ever seen the grant,
and his statements are quite too indefinite to be re-
ceived as satisfactory proof. Instead of proving pos-
session, under the grant, it is satisfactorily shown
that he never occupied it at all; and it isdoubtful
if he ever saw the premises during the Mexican rule.
Land commissioners rejected the claim, but before it
came up for hearing in the district court his attorney
had been appointed district attorney of the United
States, and the proofs show that he conveyed two
leagues of the land to the district attorney. Circum-
stances of the confirmation of the claim in the dis-
trict court are fully stated in the opinion of this
court, given when the mandate was revoked and re-
called. Comment upon those circumstances is un-
necessary, except to say that the confirmation was
fraudulently obtained.'
Mr. HIGBY. That opinion of the Supreme
Court m this very case shows conclusively that
this Gomez was never in possession of this
tract ot land, and probably never saw it under
the Mexican rule.
Now, in the Soscol case the parties who
came here had bought what they supposed was
the Mexican title, and some of them had been
in possession of the title for twelve or fifteen
years, and had established an extended busi-
ness and had their buildings on the land. That
is the difference between this case of Gomez,
who, according to the opinion of the court, had
never been in possession of and probably never
had seen this land, and the parties in the Sos-
col case.
Now, in reference to the other case referred
to, there were parties who had been for years
in possession of the Mexican title, and there
was no contestant whatever. I got that case
through Congress myself. The proof was ifh-
doubted ; there was no contestant. The Gov-
ernment of the United States let the parties
in possession have the land upon entering it
and paying the Government price. Such were
the facts in regard to those three cases; so that
the parallel does not run through the cases of
this character brought in here.
I must say, as was said by the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Wilsox,
of Iowa,] that this is an extraordinary case.
I cannot say a word to impeach the character
of that committee, whose members embrace
some of the best members of this House. But
it does seem to me that they have failed to get
hold of some things which they ought to have
understood before they presented this bill to
the House and asked Congress to perpetuate
this system. I hope that this House will as-
sistin no such measure. I would have been glad
if We never had had one of those claims, for
tliey have already done us incalculable injury.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make an inquiry?
Mr. HIGBY. I will, certainly.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. I understand the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Hicbt] to place
his objection to this claim not upon the injus-
tice of the claim, but upon the injustice of the
system. Now, I ask the gentleman if this is
not a parallel case with those to which he has
referred, and if in those cases we did not in
like manner perpetuate the system of which he
complains?
Mr. HIGBY. No, sir; this is a very differ-
ent case. The chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary has said that these parties of the
New Idria Mining Company have located min-
ing claims upon this land. Well, sir, if they
have gone there under the mineral-land law
which we passed three years ago what will be
the consequencc if we pass this bill? Will
they not come to Congress and say you have
given away to others land which under the
mineral land law you authorized us to take,
and ask for compensation?
The gentleman says the Government will get
more money into its Treasury by permitting
McGarrahan to take this land at $1 25 an acre
than by letting the New Idria Mining Company
have it at five dollars an acre. It seems to me
that if they will give us five dollars an acre,
that will be more than the Government would
get otherwise. Now, I apprehend that besides
the danger of perpetuating this system there is
danger that some party will ask indemnity of
the Government if this bill is passed. It has
been shown conclusively that this Government
has given in one case a patent for one hundred
and sixty acres of land. Now, I think I will
be able to show by evidence that such is the
condition of things that this Government will
be called upon to make indemnity to .some
one or other if this bill is passed. I think we
will be in better condition if we do not pass
this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. _ As to the matter
of survey, my information is that it was made
under the act of May 00, 18G2, an act to reduce
the expenses of surveys and sales of the public
