1867.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m
of his wife, and that if present he would <6n
this question vote right. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. He
stated to me that if here he would rote ay.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, stated that
his colleague [Mr. Shellabarger] was de-
tained at home by indisposition.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask to say a
word in regard to the vote I am about to give.
When I read the able majority report of the
Judiciary Committee on impeachment of the
President it struck me favorably. I then
made a careful examination of the evidence
laid before us, and thought Andrew Johnson
had fyen guilty of betraying the party that
elected him to a position whi-ch, on the assassi-
nation of the lamented Lincoln, enabled him to
occupy the presidential chair, and has other-
wise behaved badly. Still I have been unable
to find evidence sufficient to warrant a convic-
tion of such high crimes and misdemeanors as
will sustain impeachment, and therefore am
constrained to vote no. I vote no because I
do not think the evidence is strong enough to
warrant impeachment. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to say that is the
reasou why I voted no. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to state that my colleague [Mr. Twichell] is
absent on account of important business.
Mr. BROOM ALL. How would he vote ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. He would,
as has been said of Mr. ScoFrELD, vote right.
[Laughter.] He would vote in the'negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the Vote by which the resolution was
rejected; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BOYER. I move to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend will withdraw that motion for the present.
Mr. BOYER. I withdraw it,
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to call up a bill to
prevent further reduction of the currency.
The SPEAKER. This is private bill day ;
• but the House is aware of the fact that notice
was given that an important bill from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would be called up
to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the House agrees to
the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means the bill to prevent reduction of the
currency can be disposed of in a few minutes;
then we can go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and allow gentle-
men to continue the discussion of the cur-
rency, with the understanding that no business
shall be done after the vote on. the bill has
been taken.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does the gentleman in-
tend to allow debate?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will respond to that
when the Committee of Ways and Means is
called. I propose to report back this bill, which
Consists of only about twenty words. I will
ask if the committee is already called?
The SPEAKER. It is. The morning hour
has now commenced.
REDUCTION OF THE CURRENCY.
Mr. SCHENCK.' I report back from the
Committee of Ways and Means House bill No.
213, to suspend the further reduction of the
currency, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill was read. It provides that from
and after the passage of this act the authority
of the Secretary of the Treasury to make any
reduction of the currency by retiring or can-
celing United States notes shall be, and hereby
is, suspended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state that this bill
is reported by the unanimous instruction of
the Committee of Ways and Means. It is an
exceedingly short bill, as short as we could
make it, and covers the whole ground of a
proposition upon which every one has thought
more or less, and in the discussion of which
most have engaged, if not here at least else-
where. Under the instruction of the commit-
tee I will ask immediate action upon this sub-
ject, and for that purpose I intend to demand
the previous question. Before doing so, I wish
to remark that it is no purpose of the commit-
tee to prevent, but rather to court a general
discussion of this currency question, and upon
reporting a general bill relating to the currency
and kindred subjects it is the purpose of the
committee to throw the whole subject open for
general discussion. What they ask now is
simply action upon this one point which relates
to the contraction of the currency, upon which
j we suppose all minds are made up.
| Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman to
! yield to me a riioment.
j Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so.
j Mr. INGERSOLL. On the first day of the
Eresent session I introduced a bill which I
ad carefully prepared, which proposed to
[ repeal the section of the law passed April 12,
| 1866, authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
i ury to retire from circulation $4,000,000 of
I currency a month. That bill, which was re-
] ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
provides for the repeal of so much of the act
of April 12, 1866, as authorizes the retiring
ing of the currency. The second section pro-
vides— .
"That from and after the passage of this act the
further reduction of the currency by retiring or can-
celing United States notes shall be, and hereby is,
prohibited."
This bill was referred to the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not yield for an
argument.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I merely wish to state
the facts in connection with it. I do not de-
sire to find fault with the committee, but I
desire justice shall be done me and every
other member of the House. When a bill is
referred to a committee which contains the
essential features of tlje bill reported back by
the committee for action by the House it is
but fair and just that it should have some
recognition as the bill introduced by the au-
thor. This bill reported by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means contains
almost verbatim the second seetion of my bill.
I challenge a comparison. In each the author-
ity or.power of tne Secretary of the Treasury
is suspended and further contraction of the
currency prohibited.
The bill which I introduced, in addition to
suspending the power of the Secretary, repeals
that portion of the law which authorizes the
retiring of the currency, but the bill reported
by the committee does not so repeal it. And
why does it not do so ? Simply because those
who favor contraction, or expect to favor it
hereafter, believe it to be an easier task to
repeal the act reported by the committee which
simply suspends the functions of the Secretary
for the time being, to be revived hereafter
simply by repealing this act. The bill that I
introduced, and which wasj*eferred to the com-
mittee, upon which they have so far made no
report, repeals that part of the law in toto, and
prohibits the further retiring of the currency.
Now I offer my bill, with the leave of the
chairman of the committee, as a substitute for
the report of the committee. I ask that it be
read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose to yield
to allow the amendment to be offered. It may
be read for information,
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let my bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows ;
Be it enacted bp the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States in (hnorets assembled, That
so much of an act entitled " An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act to provide ways and means to
support the Government,' approved April 12,
as authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to retire
United States notes to an amount not exceeding
$4,000,000 in any one month, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act the further reduction of
the currency by retiring or canceling United States
notes shall be, and hereby is. prohibited.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not till I take some notice
of the remarks made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ingeusoll.] As I said in the
beginning, it is not the purpose of the commit-
tee themselves to discuss this bill which I have
reported back. We waive for the present all
purpose of doing so, intending that there shall
be an open discussion hereafter upon the
general subject of the currency if the House
desire it But if I rfeply to the gentleman from
Illinois it will not be in the nature of debate
upon the bill. What he remarks is in the
nature of complaint against the course pursued
by the committee. He has succeeded in show-
ing that his bill is in one of its features very
different from the bill reported by the com-
mittee. That ought to satisfy him why we have
not reported his bill. If the bill reported by
the committee were precisely the same and the
phraseology only altered, which he does not
claim, then there might possibly be some ground
j of complaint.
! But the gentleman from Illinois will permit
me to explain to him that, although with his
usual vigilance in representing fairly his con-
stituency and the country he presented this
matter at an early day, yet he has not been
alone ; we have had referred to us some ten or
twelve resolutions and bills relating to this par-
ticular subject, all about substantially the same,
asking a repeal of any law giving the Secretary
of the Treasury power over this subject. After
considering the whole of them we were enabled
to harmonize the opinions of the committee
and We believed that we would be able to har-
monize opinions in the-House by presenting a
bill of our own in the Shape that we have re-
ported; and if gentlemen will take the trouble
to refer to the bill, which is printed and upon
their files, they will find that it is all summed
up in the single brief, terse provision that all
tne power of the Secretary of the Treasury
given to him by law to reduce the currency of
the country by retiring or canceling United
States notes be, and the same is hereby, sus-
pended, and that is the whole of it. It covers
not only the section of the bill which relates to
the four millions a month, but it covers all the
power that has been given to the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman ex-
plain to the House what objection he has, or
the committee has, to repealing' the act con-
ferring authority upon the Secretary of the
Treasury to retire and contract the currency?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not authorized to
refer to the discussion that took place in the
committee covering this whole ground.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What is your own objec-
tion?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no particular ob-
jection to inform the gentleman. So far as I
am concerned I would readily vote for his bill.
I will also readily and cheerfully vote for the
bill which the committee has presented, a little
more so for the reason that I have discovered
that this will harmonize more generally the
opinions in the House, as it did in the com-
mittee.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have already stated, and
I repeat at the request of some gentlemen who
have made the inquiry, that the committee is
unanimous in reporting this particular bill in
its present form.
Mr. PRUYN. In view of the statement
made by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that it is the intention of that
committee to mature and present a bill to this
House covering the whole ground, I would
inquire of him whether it would not be judicious
to limit the operation of this suspension until
the 1st day of May next. I think the country
