1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
possible, what results have boon accomplished
by the months of labor on the part of this
commission ; and, sir, I have searched in vain.
I say here in my place that no practical good
has been accomplished, while the sum of
$450,000 has been taken out of the Treasury
of the United States under the guise of secur-
ing peace with hostile Indian tribes.
Why, sir, not three weeks after this com-
mission had left Medicine Lodge creek, the
place where they had their last conference with
these hostile Indian tribes, indignities and
cruelties were heaped upon peaceful settlers
upon the frontier, some being driven from their
homes, some scalped, some murdered. Such
has been the history of these Indian tribes ever
since this peace commission left the border,
and while this report which I now hold in my
hand has been pending before Congress. I
say that the $450,000 appropriated by Congress
during the session of last July has been extrav-
agantly expended—has been wasted. Yet
now the Committee on Appropriations come
in here and ask us to place nearly or quite
that sum of money in the hands of this same
commission, in violation of treaty stipulations
with the very tribes of Indians to which these
appropriations are to be made. I understood
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
leb] to say yesterday, in reporting this bill,
that it was intended to fulfill treaty stipula-
tions; yet. on examining the estimates submitted
to this House by the Secretary of the Interior,
I find there is a wide difference between the
amounts called for by these various treaties
and the amounts reported by the gentleman
from Massachusetts from the Committee on
Appropriations. I find, further, that some of
these treaties contain specific provisions that
these expenditures of money shall be made
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior and the President of the United States.
Yet it is claimed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that this bill must be passed, that this
money must be taken out of the Treasury, to
be squandered in the hands of this commission,
and that this is in fulfillment of treaty stipula-
tions, when the very provisions of the bill itself
violate, in several instances, the treaty stipula-
tions under which it is claimed the bill should
be passed.
I say again, Mr. Chairman, that in my judg-
ment the functions of this peace commission
ought to be terminated at once. I say I have
heard no good and substantial reason offered
why a commission, composed of several gentle-
men—I care not how good those men may be
—should he intrusted with the expenditure of
this money instead of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs and the Secretary of the Interior,
who have special charge of this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. BUTLER obtained the floor.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
allow me?
Mr. BUTLER. 1 have but five minutes.
How long do you want.?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I certainly want five
minutes. I have lived among the Indians for
fifteen or sixteen years, and I know them.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman from Mon-
tana can have an opportunity hereafter.
Mr. Chairman, I shall not 'undertake to
answer the speech of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chan-ler] on this subject, because
I am of the opinion of the fanner of Vermont,
"it wrenches a man terribly to kick at noth-
ing." [Laughter.]
To my friend from Kansas I say that his
opposition arises from a misconception of this
bill. This bill is not for the purpose of carry-
ing out all our treaty stipulations. The very
title is that it is only a partial appropriation.
All of the Indian treaties will require a mil-
lion and better of dollars. This bill only calls
for $220,000. It was in answer to the call of
the Secretary of the Interior, Executive Doc-
ument No. 134, for $451,900. The ©pmmittee
on Appropriations concluded to give $220,000.
The difference is this: this appropriation, which
ought to be from June, 1808, to July, 1860, has
to be anticipated in order to get out the tools,
implements, clothing, and provisions for the
exact fulfillment of treaties with certain Indian
tribes. Otherwise the seeds and agricultural
implements under the treaties would notgetout
there before next September. It is required
an advance should be made out of what will
come to the Indians hereafter of an amount
necessary to enable them to issue seeds and
agricultural implements which belong to them.
It is said we have provided for expending
this under a commission. The great cry, the
great difficulty, has been the wrong done to the
Indians by Indian agents. John Randolph said
in this House many years ago it would cor-
rupt the Angel Gabriel to be an Indian agent,
and there has not been any improvement! have
heard of since. While I do not wish to make
any general charge on Indian agents, for I
know little of them, yet, I say, here is a com-
mission in whom everybody has confidence,
and we have given this special matter, which
we have the right to do by law, to their special
superintendence. If they can find honest In-
dian agents they will undoubtedly use them to
distribute this money. If they do not find
honest Indian agents they will use other means.
Mr. BUliLElGH. About the Siou* In-
dians?
Mr. BUTLER. The Sioux Indians, who
have the right to this money under treaty next
September or October, came here, indorsed by
the superintendent, and asked us to advance
this money to them. It is necessary, for the
reason I have already stated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The committee divided on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 18, noes 64.
Mr. CHANLEli demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Chani.er and
Mr. Buti.eb were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 25, noes 72.
So the amendment was lost.
Mr. BURLEIGH. 1 move to strike out the
following:
For tho Blaekfoot band of Sioux, $7,000.
For the O'Gallala band of Sioux, $10,000.
For tho Minneconjou band of Sioux, $10,000.
For the Sans Arc band of Sioux, $8,400.
For the Oqcpnpa band of Sioux, $9,000.
For the Lower Brule band of Sioux, 86,000.
For the Two Kottle'h band of Sioux, *0,000.
For tho Lower Yanctonnais band of Sioux, 810,500.
For the Upper Ynnctonuais band, 810,000.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, those
paragraphs having been passed.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to line ten, and insert after the word
''implements" the word "cattle."
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill for amendments hav-
ing been completed,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the bill bo laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
Civil. AI'PKOPRIATION BII.L,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the Committee of the Whole take up
House bill No. 818, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1869, and for other
purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
By unanimous consent the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk
proceeded to read the bill by paragraphs for
amendments. Having read the following
paragraph:
Survey of the coast:
For tho survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts of
the United States, including compensation of civil-
ians engaged in the work, and excluding pay and
emoluments of officers of the Army and Navy and
petty officers and men of the Navy employed in tho
work, $200,000.
Mr. PRUYN said : I would like to inquire
of the gentleman in charge of this bill whether
this is the amount asked for or what the esti-
mates were for this service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is
not the amount called for; it is about one
hundred thousand dollars less.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask whether this arrange-
ment is satisfactory to the Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
answer that. The Committee on Appropria-
tions endeavor to legislate so that it will be
satisfactory to the country.
Mr. PRUYN. Yes, sir; I hope they will.
It occurred to me that perhaps the whole
arrangement or scale of appropriation had been
made to answer either to the present state of
the survey or to some proposed reduction of
it. I would like the gentleman to explain.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
explanation to make.
Mr. PRUYN. I am not prepared to make
any amendment; I am not sufficiently informed
in regard to the matter.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For continuing the survey of the western coast of
tho United States, ineludinffeompensationof civilians
engaged in tho work, #30,000.
Mr. FLANDERS. I wish to know of the
acting chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations what amount the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey had asked for to continue the
survey on the Pacific coast for the next year?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There was
an appropriation last year of $130,000, and
there was asked for this year $175,000. The
Committee on Appropriations believed in the
present state of the Treasury, we were not in a
condition to carry on the work there to the
extent it has been carried on heretofore.
Mr. UPSON. I would ask if one half was
not authorized to be expended last year and
the other half this year?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No sir ;
the gentleman refers to another item. The
Committee on Appropriations deemed it their
duty to report only a sufficient amount to carry
on the work on a very limited scale, and pre-
serve what we had then.
Mr. FLANDERS. How then did it happen
that the committee had cut the amount down
to $30,000? Was it the purpose of the com-
mittee to discontinue the survey on the Pacific
coast? for the practical effect of this was to
discontinue the work there, and I do not be-
lieve it is the wish or the intention of this
House to do that. The appropriations hereto-
fore made for the coast survey on the Pacific
coast had been honestly and judiciously ex-
pended, and the work already done was of
incalculable value to the commerce of that
coast, and I do not believe it is the wish of
Congress to stop that work where it now is.
The officers engaged in the coast survey had
been long employed in that work, in fact they
may be said to have been educated at the ex-
pense of the nation. We cannot afford to dis-
charge these men now that their work is only
half done, for we cannot replace them with
others who are experienced in this business.
Besides, this discrimination against the Pacific
coast was unjust and uncalled for, and I cer-
tainly hope the committee will give us th*
amount asked by the Superintendent. But if
the work is to be stopped, and only $30,000
appropriated, let the committee say where that
amount is to be expended, at what point be-
tween the Gulf of California and Puget sound.
If this sum of $30,000 is to be appropriated for
that coast it amounts practically to an aban-
donment of the Work. There are, I think, six
or seven parties engaged in the coast survey
on the Pacific coast, men who have been edu-
cated for the business, who have spent their
lives in this work, and if you make this small
appropriation the}' will be compelled to seek
employment elsewhere, and their service can-
not be replaced. I do not believe that this
House is in favor of discontinuing this work.
It seems to me that it is due to us on that coast
that the survey now going on should be con-
tinued. We have one surveying party on the
coast of my own Territory extending their sur-
vey to British Columbia, and it would be a
misfortune to have it discontinued.
