SUPPLEMENT TO
««ize and possess the property of the United
States In, the Department of War; also that he
conspired to do the same things contrary to the
tenure-of-office act} without any allegation of
force or threats. Tlie record contains no suffi-
cient proof of the intimidation, threats, or
force charged; and as the President had, in
my opinion, the right to remove Mr. Stanton,
his order for that purpose, as also that to Gen-
eral Thomas to take possession, both peace-
fully issued, have, in my judgment, none of
.t^" elements of a conspiracy about them.
The ninth article, known as the Emory arti-
cle, is wholly unsupported by evidence,
The tenth articlc, relating to the speeches
of the President, is substantially proven, but
the speeches, although discreditable to the
high office he holds, do not, in my opinion,
afford just ground for impeachment.
So ranch of the eleventh article as relates to
the speech of the President made August 18,
1866, is disposed of by what has been said on
the tenth article.
The only proof to sustain the allegation of
unlawfully attempting to devise means to pre-
vent Edwin M. Stanton from resuming the
office of Secretary of War is to be found in a
letter from the President to General Grant,
dated February 10, 1868, written long after
Mr. Stanton had been restored. This letter,
referring to a controversy between the Presi-
dent and General Grant in regard to certain
communications, oral and written, which had
fassed between them, shows that it was the
'resident's intent, in case the Senate did not
concur in Stanton's suspension, to compel him
to resort to the courts to regain possession of
the War Department, with a view of obtaining
a judicial decision on the validity of the tcnure-
of-office act; but the intention was never
carried out, and Stanton took possession by
the voluntary surrender of the office by Gen-
eral Grant. Was this intent or purpose of the
President to obtain a judicial decision in the
only way then practicable a high misdemeanor ?
It is unnecessary to inquire whether the
President, would have been justified in carrying
his intention into effect. It was not done and
his entertaining an intention to do it constituted,
in my opinion, no offense. There is, however,
to my mind another conclusive answer to this
charge in the eleventh article. The President,
in my view, had authority to remove Mr. Stan-
ton, and this being so, he could by removal at
any time have lawfully kept him from again
taking possession of the office.
There is noproofto sustain the other charges
of this article. In corning to the conclusion
that the President is not guilty of any of the
high crimes and misdemeanors with which lie
stands charged, I have endeavored to be gov-
erned by the ease made without reference to
other acts of his not contained in the record,
and without giving the least heed to the clamor
of intemperate zealots who demand the convic-
tion of Andrew .Johnson as a test of party faith,
or seek to identify with and make responsible
for his acts those who from convictions of duty
feel compelled on the case made to vote for
his acquittal. Ilis speeches and the general
course of his administration have been as
distasteful to me as to any one, and I should
consider it the great calamity of the age if the
disloyal element, so often encouraged by his
measures, should gain political ascendency.
If the question was, Is Andrew Johnson a fit
person for President? I should answer, mo; but
it is not a party question, nor upon Andrew
Johnson's deeds and acts, except so far as they
are made to appear in the record, that I am to
decide.
Painful as it is to disagree with so many
political associates find friends whose consci-
entious convictions have led them to a different
result, I must, nevertheless, in the discharge of
the high responsibility under which I act, lie
governed by what my reason and judgment
tell me is the truth, and tho justice and the
law of this case. What law does this record
show the President to have violated'? Is it the
temue-of-office act? I believe in the consti-
tutionality of that act, and stand ready to
punish its violators; but neither the removal
of that faithful and efficient officer, Edwin
M. Stanton, which I deeply regret, nor the ad
interim designation of Lorenzo Thomas, were,
as has been shown, forbidden by it. Is it the
reconstruction acts? Whatever the fects may
be, this record does not contain a particle of
evidence of their violation. Is itthe conspiracy
act? No facts aro shown to sustain such a
charge, and the same may be said of the charge
of a violation of the appropriation aetof March
2, 1887; and these are all the laws alleged to
have been violated. It is, however, charged
that Andrew Johnson has violated the Consti-
tution. The fact may be so, hut where is the
evidence of it to be found in this record?
Others may, but I cannot find it. To convict
and depose the Chief Magistrate of a great
nation, when his guilt was not made palpable
by the record, and for insufficient cause, would
be fraught with far greater danger to the future
of the country than can arise from leaving Mr.
Johnson in office for the remaining months of
his term, with powers curtailed and limited as
-they have been by recent legislation.
Once set the example of impeaching a Pres-
ident for what, when the excitement of the
hour shall have subsided, will be regarded as
insufficient causes, as several of those now
alleged against the President were decided to
be by the House of Representatives only a few
months since, and no future President will be
safe who happens to differ with a majority of
the House and two thirds of the Senate on any
measure deemed by them important, particu-
larly if of a political character. Blinded by
partisan zeal, with such an example before
them, they will not scruple to remove out o.f
the way any obstacle to the accomplishment
of their purposes, and what then becomes of the
checks and balances of the Constitution, so
carefully devised and so vital to its perpetuity?
They are all gone. In view of the conse-
quences likely to flow from this day's pro-
ceedings, should they result in conviction on
what my judgment tells me are insufficient
charges and proofs, I tremble for the future
of my country. I cannot be an instrument to
produce such a result; and at the hazard of
the tigs even *>f friendship and affection, till
calmer times shall do justice to my motives,
no alternative is left me but the inflexible
discharge of duty.
OPINION
01'
HON. JAMES W. GHIMES.
The President of the United States stands at
the bar of the Senate charged with the com-
mission of high crimes and misdemeanors.
The principal offense charged against him is
embodied in various forms in the first eight
articles of impeachment. This offense is al-
leged to consist in a violation of the provisions
of the first section of an act of Congress enti-
tled "Au act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices," approved March 2, 1867, in this,
that on the 21st day of February, 1808, the
President removed, or attempted to remove,
Edwin M. Stanton from the office of Secretary
for the Department of War, and issued a letter
of authority to General Lorenzo Thomas as
Secretary for the Department of War ad in-
terim.
The House of Representatives charge in their
three first articles that the President attempted
to remove Mr. Stanton, and that he issued his
letter of authority to General Thomas with an
intent to violate the law of Congress, and with
the further "intent to violate the Constitution
of the United States." The President, by his
answer, admits that he sought to substitute
General Thomas for Mr. Stanton at the head
of the Department of War ; but insists that he
had the right to make such substitution under
the laws thou and now in force, and denies that
in anything that he has done or attempted to
do he intended to violate the laws or the Con-
stitution of the United States.
To this answer there is a general traverse
by the House of Representatives, and thereon
issue is joined; of that issue we are the triers,
and have sworn that in that capacity we wiil
do " impartial justice according to the Consti-
tution and the laws."
It will be perceived that there is nothing in-
volvedin thefirsteight articles of impeachment
but pure questions of law growing out of the
construction of statutes. Mr. Johnson's guiit
or innocence upon those articles depends wholly
on the fact whether or not he had the power,
after the passage of the tenure-of-office act of
March 2,1867, to remove Mr. Stanton and issue
the letter of appointment to General Thomas,
and upon the further fact, whether, having no
such legal authority, he nevertheless attempted
to exercise it " with intent to violate the Con-
stitution of the United States.-"
Mr. Stanton was appointed Secretary for the
Department of War by Mr. Lincoln on the 15th
day of January, 1862, and has not since been
reappointed or recommissioned. His commis-
sion was issued to continue "for and during the
pleasure of the President." His appointment
was made under the act of August 7, 1789, the
first two sections of which read as follows:
"There shall be an executive Department to bo
denominated tho Department of War; and there
shall bo a principal officer therein, to be called tho
Secretary for the Department of War, who shall per-
form and execute such duties as shall from time to
time be enjoined on or intrusted to him by the Presi-
dent of the United States, and the said principal
officer shall conduct the business of the said Depart-
ment in such manner as the President of the United
States shall from time to time order and instruct.
"There shall be in the said Department an inferior
officer, to be appointed by said principal officer, to be
oinployed therein as he shall deem proper, and to be
called thechief clerk of the Department of War; and
whenever the mid principal officer shall be removed from
ojji';<j. by the President of the United States, and in any
other case of vacancy, shall, during the same, have
charge of the records, books," &c.
At the same session of Congress was passed
the act of July 27, 1789, creating the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affairs. The two first sections
of the two acts are precisely similar except in
the designations of the two Departments.
Upon the passage of this last act occurred one
of the most-memorable and one of the ablest
debates that ever took place in Congress. The
subject under discussion was the tenure of pub-
lic officers, and especially the tenure by which
the Secretaries of the Executive Departments
should hold their offices. Without going into
the particulars of that great debate, it is suffi-
cient to say that the reasons assigned by Mr.
Madison and his associates in favor of a " ten-
ure during the pleasure of the President" were
adopted as the true constitutional theory on this
subject. That great man, with almost a pro-
phetic anticipation of this case, declared on the
16th June, 1789, in his speech in the House of
Representatives, of which he was a member
from Virginia, that—
" It is evidently the intention of the Constitution
that tho First Magistrate should be responsible for the
oxecutive department. So far, therefore, as we do not
make tho officers who are to aid him in the duties
of that department responsible to him he is not res-
ponsible to the country. Again, is there no danger
that an officer, when he is appointed by the concur-
rence of the Senate and his friends in that body, uiay
ehoose rather to risk his establishment on the favor
of that branch than rest it upon the discharge of his
duties to the satisfaction of the executive branch,
which is constitutionally authorized to inspect and
control his conduct? And if it should happen that
the officers connect themselves with the Senate, they
may mutually support each other, and fur want of
efficacy reduce the power of the President to a mere
vapor, in which casehis responsibility would be anni-
hilated, and tho expectation of it unjust. The high
executive officers joined in cabal with the Senate
would lay the foundation of discord, and end in an
assumption of the oxecufivepower, only to beranoved
by a revolution of the Government."
It will be observed that it is here contended
that it is the Constitution that establishes the
tenure of office. And in order to put this qu es-
tion beyond future cavil, Chief Justice Mar-
shall, in his Life of Washington, volume 2, page
162, says :
"After an ardent discussion, which consumed sev-
eral days, the committee divided, and tho amendment
was negatived by a majority of thirty-four to twenty.
