3502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Mr. HUBBA RD, of West Virginia. I move
to further amend this section by inserting after
the words "all cigars shall be packed by the
_ manufacturer in boxes" the words "or bun-
dles also to strike out the words "not before
used for that purpose."
Mr. SCHENCK. That will destroy our
whole system of stamps.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. It is
asserted by cigar-makers that bundles can be
stamped just as well as boxes. I think it will
be an unnecessary burden to require all cigars
to be put in boxes. I hope my amendment will
be adopted.
^The amendment of Mr. Hubbard, of West
Virginia, was not agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I would suggest to the Com-
mitteeof Ways and Means that the amendment
which has been adopted on the motion of the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ste-
vens] will open a wide door to frauds. His
amendment forbids any cigar manufacturer to
offer any cigars for sale except they are put up
in boxes, as required by this section. But this
provision can be evaded by permitting any other
person than a manufacturer to do so ; the manu-
facturer could employ a person to do so and
thus evade the intention of the law. It seems
to me that this change is a very bad one. I
think the section as reported by the Committee
ot Ways and Means was better than it is now
as amended.
Mr. llOBTNSON. We can vote down the
amendment in the House.
Mr. IIIGBY. I desired to call the attention
of the Committee of Ways and Means to the
effect of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Any gentleman can call
for a separate vote on that amendment when
this bill comes up in the House.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I hope
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schexck] will consent that the
committee now rise, so that we may have an
opportunity to examine tlihs section more
thoroughly between this time and to-morrow,
when the bill is taken up again.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will consent that this
section shall be considered still open to amend-
ment to-morrow, when there is a fuller attend-
ance in-the committee.
•i?j °f West Virginia. That
will do, if that consent can be given.
I he CHAIRMAN. If no objection is made,
this section will be regarded as open to
amendment hereafter.
No objection was made.
No further amendment was offered to the
section.
The next section was read, as follows:
feKC. 92. A ndbe it further enacted, That every person
now or hereafter engaged in the manulacturc of
cigars, shall, make and deliver to theassi&tttnt assessor
ot the division a true inventory, in form prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, of tho
quantity ot ieat tobacco, cigars, steins, scraps, clip-
pings, and waste, and the number of cigar boxes and
the capacity oi each box, held or owned by him on
the 1st day of January of each year, or at the time of
commencing and at the time of concluding business,
n before or aftor the 1st of January, setting forth
what portion of said goods, and what kinds, were
manufactured or produced by him, and what wore
purchased from others, which inventory shall be
verified by his oath or affirmation indorsed on said
inventory; and the assistant assessor shall make per-
sonal examination of the stock sufficient to satisfy
himself as to the correctness of tho inventory, and
shall \eriiy the fact of such examination by oath or
affirmation taken before the assessor, also to be in-
dorsed on the inventory; and everysuch personshall
enter daily in a book, the form of which sha!l be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
an accurate account of all the articles aforesaid pur-
chased by him, the auantity of leaf tobacco, cigars
stems, or cigar boxes, of whatever description, man-
ufactured, sold, consumed, or removed for consump-
tion or sale, or removed from the place of manufac-
ture ; and shall, on or before tho tenth day of each and I
every month, furnish to the assistant assessor of the
division a true and accurate abstract from such book
of all such purchases, sales, and removals made during
the month next preceding, which abstract shall be
verified by his oath or affirmation; and in case of
refusal or willful neglect to deliver the inventory, or
keep the account, or furnish the abstract aforesaid,
he shall, on conviction, be fined not less than $500
nor more than S5,UOO, and imprisoned not less than
six months nor moro than throe years. It shall bo
the duty of any dealer in loaf tobacco or material
used in manufacturing cigars, on demand of any
officer of internal revenue authorized by law, to
render to such officer a true and correct statement,
verified by oath or affirmation, of tho quantity and
amount of such leaf tobacco or material's sold or
delivered to any person or persons named in such
demand; and in case of refusal or neglect to render
such statement, or if there is cause to believe such
statement to be incorrect or fraudulent, the assessor
shall make an examination of persons, books, and
papers in the same manner as provided in this act in
relation to frauds and evasions.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Shc. 93. And be it farther enacted. That tho Com-
missioner of Internal llcvenue shall cause to be
prepared, for payment of the tax upon cigars, suit-
able stamps denoting the tax thereon ; andall cigars
shall be packed in quantities of twenty-five, fifty, one
hundred, two hundred and fifty, and five hundred,
and all buch stamps shall bo furnished to collectors
requiring the same, who shall, if thero be any cigar
manufacturers within their rcspcetivo districts, keep
on hand at all times a supply equal in amount to
two months'sales thereof, and shall sell the same
only to tho cigar manufacturers who have given
bonds and paid the special tax, as required by law.
in their districts respectively, and to importers of
cigars who are required to affix tho same to imported
cigars in the custody of customs officers and to per-
sons required by law to affix the same to cigars on
hand on the 1st day of January, A. D. 1869; and
every collector shall keep an account of tho number,
amount, and denominate values of the stamps sold
by him to each cigar manufacturer, and to other
persons above described: Provided, That from and
after the passage of this act, tho duty on cigars im-
ported into the United States from foreign countries
shall be two dollars per pound, and twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
^ Mr. MYERS. I will not interrupt the com-
mittee now, if this section can be reserved for
amendment hereafter.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
will have the privilege of moving hereafter an
amendment to this section.
There was no objection.
_ Mr. MAYNAK1). I want to reserve a ques-
tion of order upon the proviso at the end of
the section just read.
The CHAIRMAN. On what ground?
Mr. MAYNAllD. That the proviso is not
germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will see
at once that as the bill was referred to the
Committee of the Whole without any point of
order being reserved, and as it is now being
read for amendment, it is too late to raise any
point of that kind.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill has never been
read through.
I he CHAIRMAN. But the first reading
was waived in consequence of the length of
the hill, it having been printed and every gen-
tleman being presumed to have read it.
Mr. STEWART. The bill was on our desks
only a few hours before we went into Commit-
mittee of the Whole upon it.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. But the first reading,
on which points of order could have been raised
upon anything in the bill, was dispensed with,
and the right to raise points of order was not
reserved.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 94. And be it further enaoted, That every man-
ufacturer of cigars shall securely affix, bv pasting on
each box containing cigars manufactured by or for
him, a label on which shall be printed, together with
the manufacturer's name, tho number of his manu-
factory, and the district and State in which it is sit-
uated, these words:
Kotick.—The manufacturer of the cigars herein
contained has complied with all the requirements of
law. Every person is cautioned under the penalties
ot law not to use this box for cigars again.
Any manufacturer of cigars who shall neglect to
amx such label to any box containing cigars madeby
or for him, or sold or offered for sale by or for him
°Lanji P.erson who shall remove any such label so
affixed from any such box, shall, upon conviction
thereof, be fined fifty dollars for each box in respect
to which such offense shall be committed.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Srcc. 95. And be it further enacted, That all cigars
which shall be removed from any manufactory or
place where cigars are made without the same bein<*
packed m boxes, as required by this act, or without
the proper stamp thereon denoting the tax, or with-
out burning into each box with a branding iron the
number of the cigars contained therein! and the
name of the^manufacturer, and the number of the
district and the State, or without the stamp denoting
t°uQim affixed and canceled!
or which shall be sold oroflered for sale not properly
boxed and stamped, shall be forfeited to the United
. States. And any person who shall commit any of the
above-describcd offenses sha.ll, on conviction, befiued
for each such offonse, respectively, not less than $100
nor more than $1,000, and imprisoned not less than
six months nor more than two years. And any per-
son who shall pack cigars in any box b6aring a false
or fraudulent or counterfeit stamp, or who shall
remove, or cause to be removed, any stomp denoting
the tax on cigars from any box, with intent to use
tho same, or who shall use, or permit any other per-
son to use, any stamp so removed, or who shall
receive, buy, sell, give away, or have in his posses-
sion any stamp so removed, or who shall make any
other fraudulent use of any stamp or stamped
box intended for cigars, or who shall remove from
the place of manufacture any cigars not properly
taxed and stamped as required by law, shall be
deemed guilty of a felony, and, on conviction, shall
be fined not less than $100 nor more than §1,000, and
impri&oned not less than six months nor more than
three years.
No amendment was bffered.
The next section was read as follows:
SfiC. 9G. And be it further enacted. That the absence
of the proper revenue stamp on any box of cigars
sold or offered for sale,or kept for sale,shall benotice
to all persons that the tax has not been paid thereon,
and shall be conclusive cvidenceof the non-payment
thereof; and such cigars shall be forfeited to the
United States.
No amendment was offered.
Tlie next section was read, as follows :
Seo. 97. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where cigars. of any description are manufactured,
m whole or in part, upon commission or shares, or
where the material is furnished by one party and
manufactured by another, or where the material is
furnished or sold by one paity with an understand-
ing or agreement with another that the cigars are
to be received in payment thefefor, or for any part
thereof, the stamps required by law shall be affixed
by the actual maker before the cigars are removed
from the place of manufacturing. And in case of
fraud on th.e part of either of said parties m respect
to said manufacture, or of any collusion on their
part with intent to defraud the revenue, such ma-
terial and cigars shall be forfeited to the United
States, and ovcry person engaged in such Ir.iud or
collusion shall, on conviction, bo fined not less than
$100 nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned for not
less than six months nor more than three years.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 98. And be it further enacted, That any manu-
facturer of cigars, who shall remove or sell any
cigars without payment of the special tax as a cigar
manufacturer, orwithout having given bondas such,
or without the proper stamps denoting the tax
thereon, or who shall make false or fraudulent en-
tries of manufactures or sales of any cigars, or who
shall make false or fraudulent entries of the pur-
chase or sales of leaf tobacco, tobacco stems, or other
material used in the manufacture of cigars, or who
shall affix any false, forged, spurious, fraudulent, or
counterfeit stamp, or imitation of any stamp, re-
quired. by law to any box containing any cigars,
shall, m addition to the penalties elsewhere pro-
vided in this act for such offenses, forfeit to the
United States all raw material and manufactured or
partly manufactured tobacco and cigars, and all ma-
chinery, tools,implements,apparatus,fixtures, boxes,
barrels, and all other materials, which shall be found
in tho possession of such person, or in his manufac-
tory, and used in his business as such manufacturer,
together with his estate or interest in the building
or factory and the lot or tract of ground on which
such building or factory is located, and all appur-
tenances thereunto belonging.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
. Sec. 99. And be it further enacted, That all cigars
imported from foreign countries aftor the passage of
this act shall, m addition to the import duties im-
posed on the same, pay the tax prescribed in this act
for cigars manufactured in the United States, aud
have the same stamps affixed. Such stamps shall be
a.thxed and canceled by the owner or importer of
cigars while they are in the custody of the proper
custom-house officers; arid such cigars shali not pass
out of the custody of such officers until the stamps
have beenso affixed andcanceled; butshall be put up
in boxes containing quantities as pi escribed in this
manufactured in the United States
before such stamps are affixed. And the owner or
importer of such cigars shall be liable to all tho
penal provisions of this act prescribed for man ufae-
wwl-f ?gurxs manufactured in the United States.
>v Here it shall be necessary to take any of such cigars,
so imported, to any place for the purpose of affixing
and canceling such stamps, other than the public
stores of the United States, the collector of customs
oi tne port where such cigars shali be entered shall
designate a bonded warehouse to which they shall be
taken, under the control of such customs officer as
such collector may direct. And any officer of cus-
toms who shall permit any such cigaisto pass out of
ins custody or control without compliance by the
owner or importer thereof with the provisions of this
section ielating thereto shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall on conviction thereof, be
fined not less than $1,000 nor more than £5,000, and
imprisoned not less than six months nor more than
three years.
No amendment was offered.
