1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
1455
Mr. BANKS. I move, as an amendment,
to strike out $30,000 and insert $07,000. I
agree with the suggestion of the gentleman
from Illinois. [Mr. Washburne,] that no
money should be appropriated this year for
expenditures which arc not especially neces-
sary this year. That is to say, in regard to
general appropriations for general surveys I
am willing, and I concede to him a perfect
right to postpone to another year everything
that can be postponed. But if there be any
appropriation or expenditure for a survey that
is actually necessary this year, and which with
proper regard to the condition of the country
cannot be postponed to another year, it is for
the survey on the western coast of our country.
Every one knows that a treaty has been made
between this country and Russia for the exten-
sion of our coast, of our territory on that line.
We have, in connection with this, an extension
of commerce, an increase of our population,
the acquisition of most important and exten-
sive rights of fisheries, and innumerable pri-
vate and public interests, which are connected
with that portion of the country, and which are
to be strengthened and improved to this Gov-
ernment and to its people by a perfect knowl-
edge of the nature of the coast itself. The
expenditure of money for this purpose at any
time would be of great importance. I believe,
sir, that the advantages to be gained by the Gov-
ernment and its people from the coast survey are
hereafter to be infinitely greater than they have
ever been before, and to extend to a new class
of interests, and that without increasing a single
dollar the general expenditures for this pur-
pose. But that is for the future, I will admit.
What I have to say in this regard is, that I hope
the House will not consent to a reduction of
the expenditures this year for this purpose,
but will even increase them beyond what they
were last year with reference to the great and
growing interests to which I have referred.
The gentleman on my right [Mr. Flanders]
informs me that the appropriation last year
was §124,000. I think that a reduction of
$104,000 in this expenditure at this particular
time would be a great injury to the Government
of the United States and special injustice to
the people of the western coast.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee rise, for the purpose of closing
debate.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman
will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman will have an opportunity of speaking
under the five-minute rule.
Mr. CHANLER. Probably, and probably
not.
Mr. BANKS. I have not yielded the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that the gentleman had yielded.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Chanler] for an inquiry
only.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask for five minutes.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to claim the
floor for the purpose of extending the debate,
but I will yield to the gentleman from New
York for an inquiry.
Mr. CHANLER. I did not ask to be allowed
to make an inquiry. I asked a courtesy of the
gentleman. He can refuse it if he pleases.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I believe that
one of the most important results of the labors
of the coast survey that will be made on the Pa-
cific coast will be to ascertain the character
and extent of the fisheries. I am informed by
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey and
other gentlemen intimately acquainted with
this subject, that the laws which govern the
kingdom of the fisheries can be ascertained,
studied, and clearly and satisfactorily ascer-
tained by the officers of the Coast Survey with-
out increasing the appropriations they have
had heretofore to any extent whatever, and
this not only on the Pacific, but on the Atlantic
coast. It'that be so, it will be one of the greatest
services ever rendered to the Government by
any officer connected with that department. I
hope the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] will concede to us at least a liberal ap-
propriation as applicable to the Pacific coast
alone, and I will not press it for the Atlantic
or any other portion of the coast.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
819) malting partial appropriations for the ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes; and had directed him to report the
same to the House with an amendment, and
with the recommendation that it do pass.
And also that the committee had had under
consideration a bill (H. R. No. 818) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1800,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
appropriations for indian department.
The amendment reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole to the bill making appro-
priations for the expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, &c., was to insert the word "cattle"
after the words " agricultural implements," in
the following clause:
Tor purchase and distribution of seeds, agricul-
tural implements, tools, provisions, blankets, and
clothing, and not otherwise.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill; and being taken, upon a division, there
were—ayes 68, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Blaine and
Mr. Chanleu were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 80, noes 28.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. CHANLER said: I call for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were twelve in the
affirmative, (not one fifth of the last vote.)
Before the result was announced,
Mr. CHANLER called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were seven in the affirmative,
(not one fifth of a quorum.)
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The bill was accordingly passed.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. IIOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 208) extending the time
for the completion of the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad;
An act (H. R. No. 223) in relation to islands
in the Great Miami river;
An act (H. R. No. 296) to establish and
declare the railroad and bridges of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company, as hereafter constructed, a post road,
and for other purposes; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 104) authoriz-
ing the transmission through the mails, free of
postage, of certain testimonials by the adjutant
generals of the several States.
Civil, APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the civil
appropriation bill all general debate on the bill
shall terminate in two minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, andthatthe House
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the bill
(H. R. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
ScoriELD in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 818) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate upon this bill will terminate
in two minutes.
The pending paragraph was the following:
For continuing the survey of the western coast of
the United States, including compensation of eivil-
ians engaged in the work, $30,000.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Banks to strike out "$30,000" and
insert "$60,000."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
has stated that nothing will be asked for the
Atlantic coast, I am willing the pending amend-
ment should be adopted.
Mr. PRUYN. I hope the appropriation
for this purpose will be increased to $75,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
not.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the appropriation $75,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] is not acceptable 1 hope all
amendments to this paragraph will be voted
down.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Pkuyn to the amendment of Mr. Banks.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to make a few re-
marks upon this subject. As I understand the
matter of the Coast Survey, vessels and men
have been sent out to the Pacific coast at great
expense, for the purpose of conducting the
survey there. Now, if this appropriation is
very much reduced, you will break up this
work on that whole coast. The officers there
must be assigned to other duties, and the men
engaged there must seek other employment.
In view of the interest attaching to that coast
at the present time, to which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] has referred.
I trust the appropriation for this purpose will
be a liberal one. I agree with him that if we
cannot afford to condnct the survey on the At-
lantic coast with full vigor, we should conduct
it on the Pacific coast on a reasonably liberal
scale ; and to do that there should be appro-
priated at least $100,000. I have proposed
$75,000 as the smallest amount with which the
work can be done.
■ Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Can the
gentleman tell us what portion of the Pacific
coast has already been surveyed?
Mr. PRUYN. I cannot state exactly how
much of it has been surveyed; but there is a
vast amount of surveying still to be donetheie.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to ask whether there is any harbor, with any
commerce, on the Pacific coast that has not
been already surveyed?
Mr. PRUYN. I cannot answer that ques-
tion positively ; but I will say that it is not for
the survey of the harbors alone that this appro-
priation is needed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I can answer the question
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Warh-
bprn.]
