1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8503
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 100. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act it shall be the duty ot
every dealer in cigars, either of foreign or domestic
manufacture, having on hand more than five thou-
sand thereof, imported or manufactured, or purport-
ing or claimed to have been imported or manufac-
tured, prior to the passage of this aet, to immediately
make a true and correct inventory of the quantity
of such cigars in his possession, under oath or affirm-
ation, and to deposit such inventory with the
assistant assessor of the proper division, who shall
immediately return the same to the assessor of the
district, who shall immediately thereafter make an
abstract of the several such inventories filed in his
office, and transmit the same to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and a like inventory and return
shall be made on the first day of every month there-
after, and a like abstract of inventories shall be
transmitted, while any such dealer has any such
cigars remaining on hand, until the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1869. After the 1st day of January. 1869, all
cigars of every description shall be taken to have
been either manufactured or imported after the pas-
sage of this act, and ehall be stamped accordingly;
and any person win shall sell, or offer for sale, after
the 1st day of January, 1869, any imported cigars, or
cigars purporting or claimed to have been imported,
not so put up in packages and stamped by this act,
shall, on conviction thereof, be fined not less than
$o00 nor more than $3,000, and imprisoned not less
than six months nor more than two years.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to move an amend-
ment t.a this section, but I will not press it
now if I can have the privilege of offering ifc
to-morrow.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion the gentleman will have the right to offer
to-morrow an amendment to this section.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let it be offered now.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend as follows:
Strike out in section one hundred the following
clause:
After the 1st day of January, 18G9, all cigars of
every description shall be taken to have been either
manufactured or imported after the passage of this
act. and shall be stamped accordingly.
Strike out in line twenty-five the word ' so."
Insert after the words '* Commissioner of Internal
Revenue" the following:
And upon such inventory and return the inspector
shall at once make examination to ascertain and
6hall report to the collectorwhether such return and
inventory are correct, and if found to be so shall
thereupon aflix to the packages provided lor in sec-
tion ninety-three of this act, in which such imported
.-)r manufactured cigars shall be placed, a special
stamp.
This amendment is designed to prevent the
collection of tax twice upon the same cigars.
The section provides that there shall be an
account taken of the cigars which are on hand,
and under the clause which I propose to strike
out, they will be required after J anuary 1, 1860,
to pay tax when they have already paid it once.
The amendment is designed to avoid that.
Mr. MULLINS. If the cigars are kept on
hand that long they ought to be taxed again.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 101. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall, after the passage of this act, sell, or offer for
sale, any cigars, representing the same to have been
manufactured and the tax paid thereon prior to the
passage of this act, when the same was notso manu-
factured and the tax not so paid, shall be liable to a
penalty of $500 for each offense, and shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof,
shall be fined not less than $500 nor more than So,000,
and shall be imprisoned not less than six months
nor mors than three years.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 102. Andbe it further enacted, That if any dis-
tiller, rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, compounder
of liquors, or manufacturer of tobacco or cigars, shall
knowingly and willfully omit, neglect, or reluse todo
or cause to be done any of the things required by
law in the carrying on or conducting of his business,
oi fchall do anything by this act prohibited, if there
be nospecific penalty orpunishmentimposed by any
other section of this act for the neglecting, omitting,
or refusing to do, or for the doing or causing to bo
done the thing required or prohibited,he shall pay a
penalty of $1,000; and if the person s6 offending be
a distiller, rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, or com-
pounder of liquors, all distilled spirits .or liquors
owned by him, or in which he has any interest as
owner, and if ho be a manufacturer of tobacco or
cigars, all tobacco orcigarsfoundinhismanuiactpry
shall be forfeited to the United States.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read as follows:
Sec. 103. Andbe It further enacted. That any inter-
nal revenue offioerwhoshallbeorbecomeinterestcd,
directly, or indirectly, in the manufacture of tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, or in the production, rectification, or
redistillation of distilled spirits, shall be dismissed
from office; and any such officer who shall bccomeso
interested in any such manufacture or production,
rectification, or redistillation, shall, on conviction,
be fined not less than $500 nor more than $5,000.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 104. And he it, further enacted, That if any offi-
cer or agent appointed and acting under the authority
of any revenue law of the United States shall be guilty
of any extortion or willful oppression, under color of
law; or shall knowingly demand other or greater
sums than shall be authorized bylaw; or shall receive
any fee, compensation, or reward, for the perform-
ance of any duty except as by law prescribed; orshall
willfully neglect to perform any of the duties enjoined
on him by law; or shall conspire or collude with any
other person to defraud the United States; or shall
make opportunity for any person to defraud the Uni-
ted States; or shall do, or omit to do, any act with
intent to enable any other person to defraud the Uni-
ted States; or shall negligently or designedly permit
any violation of the law by any other person; orshall
make or sign any false entry in any book, or make or
Mgn any false certificate or return in any case where
he is by laworregulntion required to makcany entry,
certificate, or return; or having knowledge or inform-
ation of the violation of any revenue law by any per-
son, or of fraud committed by any person against the
United States under any revenue law of the United
States, shall fail to report, in writing, such knowl-
edge or information to his next superior officer, and
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; or shall
demand or accept or attempt to collect, directly or
indirectly, as payment or gift or otherwise, any sum
of money or other thing of value for the compromise,
adjustment, or scttlementof anychargc or complaint
for any violation or alleged violation of law, except
as expressly authorized by law >so to do, ho shall, be
dismissed frofii office, and shall be hold to be guilty
of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction, be fined
not less than SI,000 nor more than $5,000, and im-
prisoned not less than six months nor more than
three years. And one half of the fine so imposed shall
bo for the use of the United States, and the other
half for the use of the informer, who shall be ascer-
tained by the judgment of the court; and the said
court shall also render judgment against the said
assessor or assistant assessor for the amount of dam-
ges sustained in favor of the party injured, to bo col-
lected by execution.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read"
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 105. And be it further enacted. That any person
whoshall simulate or falsely or fraudulently execute
or sign any bond, permit, entry, or other document,
required by the provisions of this act, or by any regu-
lation made in pursuance thereof, or who shall pro-
cure thesame to be falsely orfraudulently executed;
or who shall advise, aid in, or connive at the execu-
tion thereof, shall, on conviction, be imprisoned for
a term not less than one year nor more than five
years; and the property towhichsuch talseor fraud-
ulent instrument relates shall bo forfeited.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows;
Sec. 106. And be it further enacted', That every col-
lector having charge of any warehouse in which dis-
tilled spirits, tobacco, or other articles, are stored in
bo ml, shall render a monthly account of all such
articles to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
which account shall be examined and adjusted,
monthlv. by him,so as to exhibit a truestatementot
ttie liability and responsibility of every such collector
on such account. In adjusting such account the
collector shall be charged with all the articles which
may have been deposited or received under the pro-
visions of law in any warehouse in his district and
under his control, and shall be credited with allsuch
articles shown to have been removed therefrom ac-
cording to law, including transfers to other collectors
and to his successor in office, and also whatever
allowances may have been made in accordance with
law to any owner of such goods or articles for leakage
or other losses.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 107. And be it father enacted. That in all
cases arising under the internal revenue laws Yihere,
instead of commencing or proceeding with a suit in
court, it may appear to theCommissionerof Internal
Revenue to bo for the interest of the United States
to compromise the same, he is empowered and
authorized to make such compromise, with the
advice and consent of the solicitor of internal
revenue, whose opinion in the case, with the reasons
therefor, shall be given in writing and delivered to
the Commissioner; and in every case where a compro-
mise is made, there shall be placed on file in the
office of the Commissioner, the opinion of the solici-
tor, together with a statement ot the amount of tax
assessed, the amount of additional tax or penalty
imposed by law in consequence of the neglect or
delinquency of the person against whom the tax is
assessed, and the amountactuallypaidin accordance
with the terras of the compromise: butno such com-
promise shall be made of any case after a suit or
proceeding in court has been commenced, without
the recommendation also of the district attorney for
the judicial district in which the suit or proceeding
is pending, or of such other counscl as may be em-
ployed to conduct or prosecute the same on the part
of the United States : Provided, That it shall be law-
ful for the court, at any stage of such suitorcriminal
proceedings, to continue the same for good cause
shown on motion of the distiict attorney.
Mr. QOLMAN. I have an additional sec-
tion I want to move to come in after the one
hundred and seventh.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to get past the
provision on tobacco and cigars, and will con-
sent the gentleman shall offer that to-morrow.
Mr. PIKE. I move the following:
And be it further enacted. That upon all interest
arising from bonds of the United States there shall
be levied, collected, and paid a duty of ten per cent,
on the a,mount of said interest, aud the Treasurer of
the United States and sueh subordinate officers ns
shall bo charged with the payment of interest shall
assess and collcct the duty hereby levied.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make the point of order
that is not germane.
Mr. PIKE. It is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PIKE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the commit-
tee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine
reported that the Committee of the Whole'on
the state of the Union, pursuant to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 1281, to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
leave of absence.
Mr. ARCHER asked and obtained leave of
absence until the 30th instant.
Mr. HIGBY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at eleven o'clock and fifteen iniifttes p. in.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Dr.
Robert Lobby, of Charleston, South Carolina,
for relief from disabilities, indorsed by Gen-
eral R. R. Scott, General Canby, Collector
Mackey, &c.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of Bedell
k Co. and others, asking Congress to relieve
refined petroleum from taxation.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of Anthony
Bowen, praying increase of compensation for
services rendered the Government, as set forth
in petition and accompanying papers.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of citi-
zens of Brooklyn, New York, and others, for
an appropriation to remove obstructions at
Hell Gate, in the harbor of New York.
By Mr. SITGREAVES : The petition of P.
E. Cole, of Warren county, New Jersey, ask-
ing the pay and allowance of a second lieuteu-
ant of infantry, &c.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The application
of Moses E. Carlton, late lieutenant of the
fourth Michigan infantry, for pay as a lieuten-
ant from the time of his appointment as such.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
A remonstrance of 1,000 legal voters of New
England, New York, New Jersey, and Penn-
sylvania, against the extension of Howe's
sewing-machine patent, and they wish to be
heard before the Committee on Patents of the
House of Representatives on the subject.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 26, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
election in arkansas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the General of the Army,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
