2480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
The motion to print five hundred additional
copies of the internal tax bill was accordingly
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. GARFIELD. The committee can be
prepared to report on that matter to-morrow
morning.
The SPEAKER. It is possible that at
twelve o'clock to-morrow, when the House
meets, our presence may be desired at the bar
of the Senate. That would, perhaps, prevent
action at that time upon this resolution.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to inquire whether
any business will be done to-day after we come
out of Committee of the Whole?
•'The SPEAKER. No business will be trans-
acted, unless the Committee on Printing shall
be ready to report upon the resolution to print
five hundred additional copies of the internal
tax bill in pamphlet form.
law department.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee
on the Judiciary House bill No. 705, to establish
a law department, together with a substitute ;
which substitute was ordered to be printed, and
with the bill was recommitted to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iron-clads q.nj30ta and catawba.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Tha(. the Secretary of tlic Navy be di-
rected to communicate to this House copies of all
correspondence that has taken place between the
Navy Department and any other parties in relation
to the sale of the iron-olads Oneota and Catawba.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will not the gentleman
modify the resolution so as to include also ail
inquiry with regard to the sale of the Illinois?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That in-
quiry would more properly be addressed to the
Secretary of War.
Mr. ROBINSON. In view of the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, I will not
insist on the modification.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to know
what is the object of the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. benjamin] in offeringthe resolution?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Re-
trenchment has been charged with the investi-
gation of the sale of these iron-clads. Some
correspondence on the subject has been had
between certain parties and the Navy Depart-
ment. We want to get that correspondence.
This resolution is offered for that purpose at
the instance of the Committee on Retrench-
ment.
The resolution was adopted.
trade with british pllovinces, etc.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous eon-
sentto submitthe following resolution for refer-
ence to the Committee on Printing :
Hciohed, That forty-five hundred extra copies of
the letters ot the Secretary of tho Treasury, dated
March 30 (Ex. Boc. No. 240) and May 14, 1868, to-
gether with the reports of Mr. George W.Bregaupon
trade with the British Provinces of North America,
therewith transmitted, be printed for the use of the
House, and five hundred for the use of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
this resolution ought not to pass, but I will not
object to its reference to the Committee on
Printing.
There being no objection, the resolution was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing. 1
harris steam engine company.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1071) to incorpo-
rate the Harris Steam Engine Company of the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time_, and referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
improvement 01' capitol grounds.
Mr. ELA, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds bo instructed to inquire whether any
further appropriation is necessary to cause the re-
moval of the half dozen loads of rubbish which have
lain for the last fifteen months about tho west front
of the Capitol, and to complete theerading now sus-
pended, requiring about twenty days' labor.
printing 01? internal tax bill.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed in pamphlet form
five hundred copies of the bill " to reduce into one
act and to amend the laws relating to internal
taxes," reported from tho Committee of Ways and
Means, for tho use of the committee.
leave 01' absence.
Mr. McCARTHY asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence after to-day.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rules be suspended and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, in the
chair.)
financial policy of the country.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, IaraWare
that financial subjects are dull and uninvJkin
in comparison with those heroic themes wH*
have absorbed the attention of Congress for
the last five years. To turn from the consider-
ation of armies and navies, victories and de-
feats, to the long array of figures which exhibit
the debt, expenditure, taxation, and industry
of the nation, requires no little courage and
self-deuial; but to those questions we must
come, and to their solution Congresses, polit-
ical parties, and all thoughtful citizens must
give their best efforts for many years to come.
Our public debt, the greatest financial fact of
this century, stands in the pathway of ali polit-
ical parties and, like the Egyptian Sphynx,
propounds its riddles. All the questions which
spring out of the public debt, such as loans,
bonds, tariff's, internal taxation, banking, and
currency, present greater difficulties than usual-
ly come within the scope of American politics.
They cannot be settled by force of numbers nor
carried by assault, as an army storms the works
of an enemy. Patient examination of facts,
careful study of principles which do not always
appear on the surface, and which involve the
most difficult problems of political economy,
are the weapons of this warfare. No sentiment
of national pride should make us unmindful of
the fact that we have less experience in this
direction than any other civilized nation. If
this fact is not creditable to our intellectual rep-
utation, it at least affords a proof that our peo-
ple have not hitherto been crushed under the
burdens of taxation. We must consent to be
instructed by the experience of other nations,
and be willing to approach these questions, not
with the dogmatism of teachers, but as seekers
after truth.
It is evident, that both in Congress and among
the people, there is great diversity of opinion
on all these themes. -He is indeed a bold man
who, at this time, claims to have mastered
any one of t'nem, or reached conclusions on
all its features satisfactory even to himself.
For myself, I claim only to have studied earn-
estly to know what the best interests of the
country demand at the hands of Congress. I
have listened with great respect to the opinions
of those with whom I differ most, and only ask
for myself what I award to all others, a patient
hearing.
THE HARD TIMES.
The past six months have been remarkable
for unparalleled distress in the commercial
and industrial interests of half the civilized
world. In Great Britain, the distress among
the laboring classes is more terrible than the
people of those islands have suffered for a
quarter of a century. From every city, town,
and village in the kingdom, the cry of distress
comes up through every issue of the press.
The London Times of December 11, says :
" Last winter the demands on the public were un-
precedented. The amount of money given to the
poor of London beyond that disbursed in legal relief
of the poor, was almost incredible. It seemed the
demand had reached its highest point, but if we are
not mistaken the exigencies of the present season
will surpass those of any former year in British
history."
The London Star, of a still later date, says:
"Men and women die in our streets every day of
starvation. Whole districts are sinking into one vast,
squalid, awful condition of helpless, hopeless desti-
tution."
E'rom many parts of continental Europe
there comes a similar cry. A few weeks
since the Secretary of State laid before this
body a letter from the American minister at
Copenhagen, appealing to this country for con-
tributions for the relief of the suffering poor
of Sweden and Norway. A late Berlin paper
says "business is at a stand-still, and priva-
tion and suffering are everywhere seen." The
inhabitants of eastern Prussia are appealing
to the German citizens of the United States
for immediate relief. In Russia the horrors
of pestilence are added to the sufferings of
famine'. In Finland the peasants are dying
of starvation by hundreds. In some parts of
Frnnce and Spain the scarcity is very great.
n northern Africa the suffering is still greater.
In Algiers the deaths by starvation are so nu-
merous that the victims are buried in trenches
like the slain 011 the battle-field. In Tunis eight
thousand have thus perished in two months.
The United States consul at that place writes
that on the 27th day of December two liundied
people starved to death in the streets of that
city, and the average daily deaths from that
cause exceed one hundred. Our sadness at
the contemplation of this picture is mingled
with indignation, when we reflect that at the
present moment, in the eight principal nations
of Europe, there are three million men under
arms at an annual cost of nearly a thousand
million dollars, an expense which, in twenty
years, would pay every national debt in Chris-
tendom; and this only the peace establish-
ment! While Napoleon is feeding fifty thou-
sand starving Frenchmen daily from the soup-
kitchens of the imperial palace he is compelling
the French Legislature to double his army.
Whatever distress our people may be suffer-
ing, they have reason to be thankful that the
bloody monster called the balance of power'-
has never cast its shadow upon our country.
We have reason, indeed, to be thankful that
our people are suffering less than the people
of any other nation. But the distress here is
unusual for us. It is seen in the depression
of business, the stagnation of trade, the high
price of provisions, and the great difficulty
which laboring men encounter in finding em-
ployment. Itis said that during the past winter
seventy-five thousand laborers of New York
city have been unable to find employment.
The whole industry of the States lately in re-
bellion is paralyzed, and in many localities the
cry of hunger is heard. It is the imperative
duty of Congress to ascertain the cause of this
derangement ofourindustrial forces, and apply
whatever remedy legislation can afford. The
field is a broad one, tho subject is many-sided;
but our first step should be to ascertain tho
facts of our situation.
I shall direct my remarks on this occasion to
but one feature ot our legislation. I propose
to discuss the currency and its relation to tho
revenue and business prosperity of the Country.
our industrial kcvolutiox.
In April, 1861, there began in this country
an industrial revolution, not yet completed, as
gigantic in its proportions and as far reaching
in its consequences as the political and military
revolution through which we have passed. As
the first step to any intelligent discussion of the
currency it is necessary to examine th<? char-
acter and progress of that industrial revolution,
i he year 1800 was one of remarkable pros-
