f422
SUPPLEMENT TO
.'belong to him alone, and which in the statute
:t6uwre of most offices is recognized by th6 acts
of Congress creating them to be the pleasure
of the President of the United States. A num-
ber of cases of this kind hare been put in evi-
dence. I do not find, either in the debates
•which have-been had on the power of removal,
or in'the legislation of Congress on the tenure
.'of offices,, any trace of a distinction between
tlie }>awer of the President to remove in recess
&nd his power to remove during a session of
the Senate an officer who held solely by his
-pleasure; and I do not see how such a distinc-
tion could exist without some positive and dis-
tinct provision of law to make and define it. I
know of no such provision. If that was the
"teflure by which Mr. Stanton held the office of
.Secretary for the Department of War, and I
think it was, then I am also of the opinion that
'it vfas not a violation of the Constitution to
remove him during a session of the Senate.
If Mr. Stanton held under the act of 1780
no permission of the President to continue in
office, no adoption of him as Secretary for the
Department of War, could change the legal
tenure of his office as fixed by law or deprive
the President of the power to remove him.
My opinion on the matter of the first article
is not affected by the facts contained in it, that
the President suspended Mr. Stanton and sent
notice of the -suspension to the Senate, and the
Senate refused to concur in that suspension.
In my opinion that action of the President
could not and did not change the tenure of Mr.
Stanton's office, as it subsisted by law at the
pleasure of the President, or deprive the Presi-
dent of that authority to remove him which
necessarily arose from that tenure of office.
If the order of the President to Mr. Stan-
ton was a lawful order, as 1 have already said
I thought it was, the first question under the
second article is whether the President did any-
thing unlawful in giving the order to General
Thomas to perform the duties of Secretary for
the Department of War ad interim,.
This was not an appointment to office. It
was a temporary designation of a person to dis-
charge the duties of an office until the office
could be filled. The distinction between such
a designation and an appointment to office is
in itself clear enough, and has been recognized
certainly since the act of February 13, 1705.
Many cases have occurred in which this author-
ity has been exercised. The necessity of some
such provision of law, in cases of vacancy in
offices which the Executive cannot instantly
fill, must be apparent to every one acquainted
with the workings of our Government, and 1
do not suppose that a reasonable question can
be made of the constitutional validity of a law
providing for such eases.
The law of 1795 did provide for such cases;
and the President, in his answer, says he was
advised that this was a subsisting law not re-
pealed. It may bo a question whether it has
been repealed ; but from the best examination
I have been able to bestow upon the subject I
am satisfied it has not been repealed.
I do not propose to enter into the technical
rules as to implied repeals. It is a subject of
great difficulty, and I do not profess to be able
to apply those rules; I take only this practical
view of the subject,: when the act of February
20,1808, was passed, which it is supposed may
have repealed the act of 1795, it is beyond all
dispute that vacancies in office might be created
by the President; and there might be the same
necessity for making temporary provision for
discharging the duties of such vacant offices as
was provided for by the act of 1795. The act
of 1803 is wholly silent on this subject. Why
should I say that a public necessity provided
for in 1795 and not negatived in 1803 was not
then recognized ; or why should 1 say that if
recognized it was intended by the act of 1863
that it should not thereafter have any provision
made for it? Comparing the act of 1803 and
the cases it provided for, 1 see no sufficient
reason to say that it was the intention of Con-
gress in 1803 to deprive the President of the
power given by the act of 1795 to supply the
temporary necessities of the public service in
case of vacancy caused by removal.
But if I thought otherwise I should'be un-
able to convict the President of a crime because
he had acted under the law of 1795. Many
cases of ad interim appointments have been
brought before us in evidence. It appears to
have been a constant and frequent practice of
the Government, in all cases when the Presi-
dent was not prepared to fill an office at the
moment when the vacancy occurred, to make
an ad interim appointment. There were one
hundred and seventy-nine such appointments
specified in the schedule annexed to the mes-
sage of President Buchanan, found on page 584
of the printed record, as having occurred in
little more than the space of thirty years. I
have not minutely examined the evidence to
follow the practice further, because it seems to
me that if, as I think, the President had the
power to remove Mr. Stanton, he might well
conclude, and that it cannot be attributed to
him as a high crime and misdemeanor that he
did conclude, that he might designate some
proper officer to take charge of the War Depart-
ment until he could send a nomination of a suit-
able person to be Secretary ; and when I add
that on the next day after this designation the
President did nominate for that office an emi-
nent citizen in whose loyalty to our country and
in whose fitness for any duties he might be
willing to undertake tho people would be will-
ing to confide, I can find no sufficient reason to
doubt that the President acted in good faith and
believed that he was acting within the laws of
the United States. Surely the mere signing of
that letter of appointment, "neither attended
or followed by the possession of the office named
in it or by any act of force, of violence, of
fraud, of corruption, of injury, or of evil, will
not justify us in depriving the President of his
office."
I have omitted to notice one fact stated in
the second article. It is that the designation
of General Thomas to act ad interim as Sec-
retary of War was made during a session of
the Senate. This requires but few words. The
acts of Congress, and tho nature of the cases
to which they apply, admit of no distinction
between ad interim appointments in the ses-
sions or the recess of the Senate. A desig-
nation is to be made when necessary, and the
necessity may occur either in session or in
recess.
I do not deem it necessary to state any ad-
ditional-views concerning the third article, for
I find in it no allegations upon which 1 have
not already sufficiently indicated my opinion.
Tho fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh articles
charge a conspiracy. I deem it sufficient to
say that, in my judgment, the evidence adduced
by the House of Representatives not only fails
to prove a conspiracy between the President
and General Thomas to remove Mr. Stanton
from office by force or threats, but it fails to
prove any conspiracy in any sense I can attach
to that word.
The President, by a written order committed
to General Thomas, required Mr. Stanton to
cease to act as Secretary for the Department
of War, and informed him that he had em-
powered General Thomas to act as Secretary
ad interim. The order to General Thomas
empowered him to enter on the duties of the
office and receive from Mr. Stanton the public
property in his charge. There is no evidence
that the President contemplated the use of
force, threats, or intimidation; still less that he
authorized General Thomas to use any. I do
not regard the declarations of General Thomas,
as explained by himself, as having any tend-
ency even to fix on the President any purpose
beyond what the orders on their face import.
Believing, as I do, that the orders of the
President for the removal of Mr. Stanton, and
'i the designation of General Thomas to act ad
] j interim, were legal orders, it is manifestly im-
;! possible for me to attach to them any idea of
11 criminal conspiracy. If those orders had not
been, in my'judgment, lawful, I should not
have come to the conclusion, upon the evi-
dence, that any actual intent to do an unlaw-
ful act was proved.
The eighth article does not require any par-
ticular notice after what I have said of the
first, second, and third articles, because the
only additional matter contained in it is the
allegation of an intent to unlawfully control
the appropriations made by Congress for the
military service by unlawfully removing Mr.
Stanton from the office of Secretary for the
Department of War.
In my opinion, no evidence whatever, tend-
ing to prove this intent, has been given. The
Managers offered some evidence which they
supposed might have some tendency to prove
this allegation, but it appeared to the Senate
that the supposed means could not, under any
circumstances, be adequate to the supposed
end, and the evidence was*rejected. Holding
that the order for the removal of Mr. Stanton
was not an infraction of the law, of course this
article is, in my opinion, wholly unsupported.
I find no evidence sufficient to support the
ninth article.
The President, as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army, bad a right to be informed of any
details of the military service concerning which
he thought proper to inquire. His attention
was called by one of his Secretaries to some
unusual orders. He sent to General Emory to
make inquiry concerning them. In the course
of the conversation General Emory himself in-
troduced the subject which is the gist of the
ninth article, and I find in what the President
said to him nothing which he might not natu-
rally say in response to General Emory's in-
quiries and remarks without the criminal intent
charged in this ninth article.
I come now to the question of intent. Ad-
mitting that the President had no power under
the law to issue the order to remove Mr. Stan-
ton and appoint General Thomas for Secretary
the Department of War ad interim, did he
issue those orders with a manifest intent to vio-
late the laws and '' the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States," as charged in the articles, or did
lie issue them, as he says he did, with a view
to have the constitutionality of the tenure-of-
office act judicially decided?
It is apparent to my mind that the President
thoroughly believed the tenure-of-office act to
be unconstitutional and void. He was so ad-
vised by every member of his Cabinet when the
bill was presented to him for his approval in
February, 1867. Tho Managers on the part of
the House of Representatives have put before
us and made legal evidence in this case the
message of the President to the Senate, dated
December 12, 18(57. In that message the Presi-
dent declared—
"That tenure-of-ofliee law did not pass without
notice. Like other acts it was sent to the President
ior approval. As is my custom, 1 submitted its con-
sideration to my Cabinet for their advice upon tho
question, whether I should approve itor not. Itwas
a grave question of constitutional law, in which I
would of course rely most upon the opinion of the
Attorney General and of Mr. Stanton, who had onee
been Attorney General. Every member of my Cabi-
net advised me that the proposed law was unconsti-
tutional. All spoke without doubt or reservation,
but Mr. Stanton's condemnation of the law was the
most elaborate and emphatic. Ho referred to the
constitutional provisions, ihe debates in Congress—
especially to the speech of Mr. Buchanan whon a
Senator—to the decisions of the Supreme Court, and
to the usage from the beginning of the Government
through every successive Administration, all con-
curring to establish the rightof removal as vested by
the Constitution in the President. To all these he
added the weight of his own deliberate judgment,
and advised me that it was my duty to defend the
power of the President from usurpation and to veto
the law."
The counsel for the respondent not only
offered to prove the truth of this statement of
the President by members of the Cabinet, but
they tendered in addition thereto the proof
" that, the duty of preparing a message, setting
forth the objections to the constitutionality of
the bill, was devolved on Mr. Seward and Mr.
Stanton." They also offered to prove—
"That at the meetings of the Cabinet, at which Mr.
