72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December T9
Mr. ROSS. As I uuderstand it, no Commit- 1
tee on Reconstruction has been ordered this
session. It seems to me that it is not in order
to refer anything to a committee that is not in
existence: and, in addition to that, that it is
inexpedient and unwise to revive the Commit-
tee oil Reconstruction.
The tact must be apparent, Mr. Chairman,
that th'.s so-called Committee on Reconstruc-
tion has been a committee to prevent recoup
struction. It'it had not been for the action of
the committee purporting to have charge of the
sub;eel matter ot' reconstruction this country
would years ago have been reconstructed.
They have been an obstacle in the way. They
have stood in the way of the wise and judicious
and prudent measures of the Executive for the
reconstruction of the Union, and I do not want
that committee to obstruct reconstruction any
longer.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. In order
to do away with all difficulty, as there must be
gome committee, I will strike out "Committee
on Reconstruction " and insert "a select com-
mittee of nine."
Mr. ROSS. I do not see that that, alters the
matter at all. It still gives us a Committee
on Reconstruction by the action of the gen-
tleman trom Pennsylvania. The House has
not determined that we want any such com-
mittee. It is a covert way of attaining an
end to attempt to create a new committee in
the distribution of the message and accompa-
nying documents. I think it is unwise and
contrary to parliamentary usage, and it should
not be tolerated by the House.
I call upon you, Mr. Chairman, and the
House to take notice of the fact that this Com-
mittee on Reconstruction has stood in the way
of the reconstruction of the Union. They
have been the obstacle that has prevented the
wi<e and judicious and salutary measures inau-
gurated by the President of the United States
to give peace, harmony, and concord to our
distracted country. And now, sir, the time
lias come when the voice of the people has
been heard upon these great questions, and I
call upon their Representatives to heed their
warning voice. Why, sir, by a solemn act
of this body this day we have decided against
the action of this reconstruction committee.
V e have decided by a vote of about two to
one against the iniquitous acts of this Com-
mittee on Reconstruction and in behalf of the
wise and benign policy inaugurated by the
President of the United States for the pur-
pose of producing peace and harmony and
concord in our country. I am gratified that
the House is taking notice of the action of the
people upon this subject.
5Ir. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. ROSS. For a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. When we went into the
Committee of the Whole it was with the under-
standing that no vote should be taken 
Mr. ROSS. I have not asked for any vote.
Mr. SCHENCK. A motion to lay aside
these resolutions and report them to the House, 1
just as the discussion which has began upon it
now, opens up the whole subject. I only ask '
to have it generally understood that no vote
upon these resolutions, or amendment to them,
or upon any other subject, shall betaken to-day.
Mr. ROSS. I do not ask any vote upon the :
qnestion ; I only want that this part of the res-
ohition shall be stricken out. I was only con-
gratulating the Honse and the country upon j
the fact that they were taking heed to the
action of the people and the country. i
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to ask to have the
fame understanding in the Committee of the
Whole there was in the House, that there
should be no vote taken to day. 11
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let this !
vote be first taken.
Mr. ROSS. I was only congratulating the !
House and the country upon the ameliorated '
And hopeful condition of the country on our '
assembling at this session of Congress. It is j!
well known to you, Mr. Chairman, and a ii
majority of the members, that if the question
which we have just passed upon by so largo a
majority, in sustaining tho action ot the Presi-
dent and his Cabinet and the Union meu of
the country in behalf of the restoration of the
Government—if that vote had been taken in
the month of July there would not have been
thirty men upou the other side of the House who
would not have given their votes in lhvor of
impeachmeut. Buta great and salutary change
has come over this country within that short
space of time. During the last few years wo
have had dark and gloomy times in this country.
The hearts of patriots have feared and trem-
bled lest the torni of government, left us by
our patriotic fathers was to be flittered away
by their degenerate and unworthy sons. But
the people have come most gloriously to the
rescue of our imperiled and endangered insti-
tutions.
Sir, the first light that broke in upon us
amid the surrounding darkness that over-
shadowed our political horizon was from the
star that rose in the East. Glorious old Con-
necticut first broke the gloom that hung over
our beloved country. 1 feel thankful to the
old State of Connecticut, to her gallant leaders.
It was not long before that was responded to
most gloriously from the far West. California,
with her golden sands, broke the darkness that
overshadowed that part of our political horizon
and light appeared in the West.
And how was the heart of the patriotic
Union people of this country animated and
encouraged when the great central State spoke
out in a voice not to be misunderstood. The
old Keystone State threw off the incubus that
had borne her down.
Then the glorious State of Ohio, with her
fifty thousand majority of voters in behalf of
disunion, in favor of a dissolution of our Gov-
ernment, has been brought back to the right
path by the action of the people. These vic-
tories have had a most salutary effect upon the
action of this Congress.
Then my friend near me [Mr. Sitgreaves]
reminds me that we should not forget New
Jersey, who has come to the rescue; and if my
friend from Maryland [Mr. Thomas] was in
his seat I would congratulate him upon the
fact that the State of Maryland has also come
to the rescue of the Union.
N orshould we omit to mention that the gallant
State of Kentucky, educated in the principles
of free government and constitutional liberty
by the teachings of her Clays and Crittendens,
has by an unprecedented majority given unmis-
takable evidence of her devotion to the Union.
But the most significant of all is the Empire
State; nobly has her patriotic sons breasted
the furious storm and turned back the surging
waves of fanaticism and despotism that threat-
ened to engulf her. Let the people take
courage; all is notl ost that is in danger.
Wherever their voice has. been heard upon
these great issues before the country they have
spoken out in triumphant tones, and have
declared that this Government is to be pre-
served in its purity as it was handed down to
us by our fathers.
Mr. McCLUKG. How about Tennessee?
Mr. ROSS. Tennessee is still unfortunately
under the rule of the bayonet; and I believe
my friend from Missouri [Mr. McClurg]
who has called my attention to the Stste of
Tennessee was one of those who voted at the
last session of Congress to take twenty-five
thousand stand of Government arms and send
them down, to the Brownlow government in
Tennessee, that the free white men of Tennes-
see might be kept from the polls, and that the
negro population, aided by a few degenerate
white men, might control the elective f ranchise
in that State. But, Mr. Chairman, I look for-
ward with hopeful anticipation to the time
when the dark cloud which now obscures the
political horizon in Tennessee shall be lifted,
and when the State which was the home and
is now the grave of Jackson will permit free
suffrage to the white men of that Common-
wealth. |
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not claim that
these great, political victories, in which I feel
so much pride and gratification, are to be
regarded or claimed us Democratic victories.
By no means. They are victories of the peo-
ple. Tliey are victories of the overburdened
downtrodden masses of this eouutry. They
are victories in behalf of tho people, in favor
of restored Union, and against the unconstitu-
tional, profligate action of Congress. Sir, I
have great conlidcnce that the people will right
these questions ; that the time is not far dis-
tant when gentlemen on the other side will not
only retract their odious measures upon the
cotton tax, upon the contraction of the cur-
rency, and upon the impeachment of the Presi-
dent, but will repeal the obnoxious and uncon-
stitutional measures which have placed one
third of the people of this Union, with ten of
her sovereign States, beneath the iron heel
of military despotism. I look forward hope-
fully to the day when that state of things will
be inaugurated in this country; when these
unwise and illegal acts shall be swept from the
statutes of the country by the free voice of an
outraged and indignant people.
But, sir, I said that we did not claim these
as Democratic victories. Could we of the
Democratic party have carried the State of
Ohio with her forty or fifty thousand majority
against us? By no means. It is the Union-
loving Republicans coming to the rescue and
standing side by side and shoulder to shoulder
with the patriotic Democracy that have assisted
in gaining these great victories.
Sir, this Government is to be preserved. I
have felt at times within the last few years
very much discouraged. The patriotic. Union-
loviDg people of this country have been sad
and disheartened as they saw an apparent
indorsement of the unconstitntional measures
inaugurated in this Congress. But sir, we
should not despair of the Republic or become
discouraged. 1 have great confidence in that
overruling Providence that guides and directs
the destinies of men and of nations. Sir, the
same overruling Providence that directed
Washington and his little band in gaining for
us our liberties, the same overruling Provi-
dence that gave wisdom to our patriotic fore-
fathers in.shaping a form of government un-
equaled in any other country ; the same over-
ruling Providence that led the children of Israel
out of captivity and conducted them safely
for lorty years amid their journeyings, that
enabled them to drink water from the solid
rock, that fed them with manna by the way-
side, that.guided them by a pillar of fire and
a pillar of cloud, is still watching over the
destinies of this Government, and will not
permit it to perish.
We have abundant cause to feel thankful for
these things; and, Mr. Chairman, as this is a
season of the year in which it is customary for us
to give expression to our gratitude and thankful- •
ness, it is appropriate that we should, as mem-
bers of the House of Representatives and rep-
resentatives of a great and glorious country,
unite our voices in praise to the overruling
Providence that has guided and directed the
people of this country to throw off the incubus
of despotism which so seriously threatened our
political institutions, that has put it into the
hearts of the people to favor a reconstructed
Government, that we may have peace and
prosperity and harmony throughout the length
and breadth of our land. These prospects are
favorable ; and 1 trust that Congress will heed
them and will look at them in the proper light.
As our fathers rejoiced after a seven years'
struggle for the liberty they achieved, so let us,
after a struggle of like duration, make our
grateful acknowledgments that we are about
to rescue our free institutions front the hands
of those who would overthrow or despoil tbem.
I am gratified at the favorable results already
obtained. I was pleased yesterday to hear the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutweli.]
declare that the tenure-of-ofiice bill was acting
badly and would have substantially to be re-
pealed. And I expect iu a few days some
