1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I should
like to have it answered.
Mr. JOHNSON. There are more harbors
than one on that coast that have not been sur-
veyed ; and there have been presented to this
House resolutions from the Legislature of the
State of California asking Congress to make
appropriations for those surveys.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman state what harbor on the coast of
California has not been surveyed ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that I can
at this moment state the names of those har-
bors.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. So I sup-
Mr. JOHNSON. But I can state as a fact
that memorials on this subject from the Legis-
lature of California are now before this House,
having been referred to the appropriate com-
mittee.
Mr. PRUYN. If I have any time left, I
simply wish to say that it is not for the harbors
alone that this appropriation is needed, but for
the whole line of the coast and for the trian-
gulation of the rivers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL. If it be in order, I would
like to move to increase the amount of this
appropriation to $134,000.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. AXTELL. I wish, then, to state that
an appropriation of $30,000 would be useless
for the purpose contemplated. Members will
bear in mind that $30,000 in currency, reduced
to a coin basis, which is the basis of our busi-
ness in California, would only amount to some
$17,000—a sum altogether insufficient for that
long line of coast. Our harbor for Los An-
geles, the harbor of Wilmington, is now under
survey. The survey has been commenced, and
the Coast Survey desires to prosecute and finish
the work as soon as possible. Then, going
north, there is the harbor at Santa Barbara.
And I desire to call the attention of the House
to the fact that our coast commerce is rapidly
increasing; that we have a line of steamers
now making semi-monthly trips as far south as
San Diego; and that, for the security of this
commerce, it is necessary to perfect the survey
not only at Wilmington, but further north, at
Santa Barbara, and also at Monterey and Santa
Cruz. It is a mistake to suppose that there
are no important harbors on that coast except
that at San Francisco. Within the district
which I have the honor to represent, extend-
ing from San Francisco some five hundred
miles south to San Diego, there are four or
five harbors that must be used most of the
year and in most weather, which are now being
surveyed. The men are there, men expe-
rienced and skillful in their business, men
whom it would be difficult to replace.
The meagre appropriation here proposed,
amounting to only $17,000 in our money,
would not be sufficient to prevent the aban-
donment, of the work. G.oing north from San
Francisco, the liabor of Eel river needs a
thorough survey. That harbor, opening up to
the Humboldt region, the lumber region of our
country, has beer) partially surveyed. These
surveys have been but barely commenced. As
we go further north we find continuous surveys
necessary. It is not good economy to cut off
the commerce of that coast, which is replen-
ishing the Treasury of the country.
Allow me to remark that the Coast Survey
has put in an estimate of $131,000 as neces-
sary for the surveys on that coast. Now,
either order that work to be stopped and call
the men home or designate what harbors you
will have surveyed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his amendment and 1
will renew it.
Mr. PRUYN. I withdraw it on that condi-
tion.
Mr. PAINE. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
I had no knowledge respecting this particular
appropriation until this debate commenced in
the House. I have listened to it during its
progress, and it seems to me, after what I have
heard respecting the estimates for last year and
the appropriations made for last year, the esti-
mates from the Department this year, and the
allowance of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and the statement of facts by gentlemen
representing the Pacific coast, it is entitled to
graver consideration than this House appears
likely to give it. I have the appropriations
last year for the Pacific coast and the appro-
priations for our own coast. For our coast
they were $250,000, and for the Pacific coast
they were $130,000. _ The committee give four
fifths of the appropriations last year for the
survey of our coast for this year, and only give
a little over one fifth for the survey of the Pa-
cific coast. There should be some very strong
reason for this discrimination against the Pa-
cific coast and in favor of the Atlantic coast.
Two hundred thousand dollars is appropriated
for the survey of the Atlantic coast this year
and only §30,000 for that of the Pacific coast,
against $130,000 for the Pacific coast last year
and $250,000 for the Atlantic.
I am in favor of retrenchment wherever re-
trenchment can be made. I am in favor of re-
trenchment in the case of surveys, but I am not
in favor of an unjust discrimination in favor of
any one portion of the country against another.
I am not in favor of retrenchment on the Pa-
cific coast and not upon the Atlantic coast. I
believe it is our duty to give the same propor-
tion of appropriation for the survey of the
Pacific coast that we give for the Atlantic
coast unless some very good reason for the
difference can be shown.
Now, the committee has not given any good
reason, to my mind, and has not shown why
the survey of the Atlantic coast, in progress for
many years, and which has already reached so
high a state of completion, should require four
fifths of the expenditure of last year and the
Pacific coast barely one fifth. The gentlemen
from the Pacific coast, however, give very good
reason why this discrimination should not be
made against the Pacific coast. They assure
us that there are harbors to be surveyed on that
coast. They assure us the commerce now in
progress of development there on that Pacific
coast imperatively requires the survey of these
harbors." We propose to give for the survey
of that coast ouly one fifth of the appropriation
made last year, while we give four fifths of the
appropriation made last year for the survey of
the Atlantic coast. I think if we retrench at
all we should retrench equally and fairly. And,
sir, I know of no offense committed by the
people of the Pacific coast which entitles the
House to visit this punishment upon them.
Perhaps it is expected this appropriation is
to be expended for a survey of Alaska. I ain
opposed to the acquisition of Alaska. I am
opposed to the expenditure of anything for
that purpose ; but 1 cannot see any reason for
the apprehension that any such thing will take
place. We have the statement of the gentle-
man from the Pacific coast that_ it is needed
for carrying on the surveys within the limits
of our present Republic j and I hope the com-
mittee will consider gravely before they refuse
to the Pacific what they give to the Atlantic
coast.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 rise to
oppose the amendment for the purpose of say-
ing a few words in the way of reply to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin. He has not advised
himself as intelligently in regard to this mat-
ter as he generally does in regard to other mat-
ters which come before the committee. If he
will look at the estimates for the whole of the
Atlantic coast he will find they were more than
six hundred thousand dollars. We have cut
them down by our bill to $200,000. Yet the
gentleman says we have discriminated against
the Pacific coast.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman will allow
me. I do not know what he means by saying
I am not correctly informed. I read the ap-
propriation for last year $250,000 on the At-
lantic coast and $130,000 on the Pacific.
Mr; WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman did not read far enough; if he had
looked down further he would have found that
was only one item, that there were others be-
sides it, one of $40,000, another of $10,000,
another of $60,000, and so on. So the gen-
tleman is entirely mistaken as to the amounts
of appropriation, and hence his argument does
not apply.
Mr. PAINE. I only spoke of those things
that concerned the committee. We had be-
fore us an appropriation for the Atlantic coast
and now we have the appropriation for the
Pacific coast. The gentleman cannot deny
that I was right.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman certainly wished the committee to un-
derstand that we were discriminating against
California to a much greater extent than is
justified by the bill we have introduced from
the estimates before us.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman from Illinois tell me the progress
made in the survey, when it will be likely to
be completed, and how much it has already
cost the Government?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has only
cost the country a mere bagatelle, some nine
million dollars, and we were asked this year
to add $600,000 more, but the committee did
not believe that the House would sanction
that, and hence we have reported accordingly.
In regard to the survey on the western coast,
as the Committee on Appropriations did not
take into consideration the reduction in the
value of greenbacks, I said to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] that I would
not object to an increase of the appropriation
so as to make it $60,000, taking at the same-
time his statement that no increase would be
asked for the survey on the Atlantic coast. I
was in hopes that would satisfy gentlemen.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to
tell me how much it will cost to survey the
coast of Alaska at the same rate we have paid
for surveys already?
A Member. We have paid already $7,500,-
000 for coast surveys.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
answer the gentleman. I have not made the
calculation, but I believe it has cost nearly ten
million dollars, and we are not justified, in the
present state of the Treasury, in making any
greater expenditure for these coast surveys than
we have provided for in this bill. And I am
glad that the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] representing the eastern coast,
has magnanimously said that he will not ask
for any increase of appropriation for the Atlan-
tic coast.
Mr. CIIANLER. On what authority does
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
make that statement for the Atlantic coast?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed on the
pending amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw it.
_Mr. BANKS. I renew it. I must have been
misunderstood if gentlemen understood me as
advocating this appropriation for any surveys
on the coast of Alaska. Such was not my
intention ; and I say now for the information
of the committee that not one dollar, as I un-
derstand, is or can be appropriated for any ter-
ritory that is not now belonging to the United
States, but the appropriation is to be limited
substantially to the coast of California. My
objection to the reduction of the appropriation
is that the small sum proposed by the commit-
tee would break up the organization for the
survey of the western coast, whieh would be a
very great misfortune.
One word in regard to the Atlantic coast.
1 said before when I addressed the committee
that of the two surveys, the Atlantic and the
Pacific, if either was to be discontinued it
certainly would be better to discontinue for
this year the survey on the Atlantic coast. The
reason is, that the harbors on the eastern
