1867.
TH®> CONWRESSIONAT/ GLOBE.
t3
gentleman will propose to repeal the recon-
struction acta and permit the people of the
South to be represented in these halls of Con-
gress. Then good feeling and brotherly love
will be inaugurated once more in this our coun-
try. Then the heavy weight of taxation will be
lifted from the shoulders of the people.
Mr. Chairman, I was glad to hear the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
say this odious and onerous taxation which
the last Congress fastened on the shoulders of
the people should be removed. It is attribut-
able to the voice of the people which carried
his district against him by a handsome major-
ity. He has taken notice and will govern him-
self accordingly.
I will call the attention of the gentlemen
who fastened unnecessary burdens upon this
country by passing a bill providing for a stand-
ing army of eighty thousand men 
Mr. HARDING. I simply desire to ask my
colleague whether, in view of the prostitution ;
and prostration of the majority of this House, j
the present amnesty policy of the President
will not extend to us all. [Laughter.] i
Mr. ROSS. I am in favor of amnesty to all. ;
I only call the attention of the country to the
action of the Committee on Military Affairs.
It may not be recollected, but at that time I
proposed to instruct the committee that the
Army should not consist of more than twenty-
five thousand men. It was voted down by the
House. Some Republicans said, "Propose
thirty-five thousand and we will vote for it."
I proposed thirty-five thousand, but still I was
voted down. The committee went on and pre-
pared a bill providing for eighty thousand men,
and it was carried. Eighty thousand men in
a time of profound'peace when there was no
necessity for such an army!
Mr. MULLINS. You make a mistake, and
I wish to correct it. You said you were address-
ing the House on the military bill; you were
addressing yourself to the providence of God
over the people. [Laughter. ]
Mr. ROSS. I was addressing myself to the
fact that the providence of God was with us
and that the people were also with us. I do
not think there is any conflict between the
people and the providence of God. They are
both on the same side, in favor of restoring the
Government to its former integrity and har-
mony.
What necessity was there for such a vast
army of eighty thousand men when there was not
a hostile squadron within our limits? Why did
gentlemen fasten upon us a military establish-
ment consisting of eighty thousand men ? The
majority of this House did it. They will retract
from it. If my memory serves me the Secre-
tary of War reports that the expense of that
Department amounts to about seventy-seven
million dollars in a time of profound peace.
Mr. NEWCOMB. Will the gentleman from
, Illinois yield for a moment ?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. NEWCOMB. I hold in my hand a West-
ern paper containing the following paragraph:
"There is an old gentleman living in Claremont
comity, Illinois, who belieyes that the earth is flat
and that the Democratic party is the only hope of the
country."
Will the gentleman inform this House
whether he is the person alluded to?
Mr. ROSS. I do not care to be interrupted
with such impertinent remarks. I do not wish
the thread of my remarks broken.
We are in the presence of auspicious' cir-
cumstances, and I feel like taking all these
deluded men on the other side by the hand,
because I see repentance depicted in their
countenances. [Laughter.] I see they are
sorry for what they have done. I have no
doubt of it. They have shown symptoms of
repentance, and I am willing to take them on
probation as we take them in the great Union
party. We are for the restoration of all the
States to the Union. The people have spoken
in our favor.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have no disposition
to continue this debate, although I would for
much pleased to have other men participate in
it. I think we should have, in this season of
thanks, thanksgiving for the restoration of the
Union. I submit, Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee over which you preside submitted a very
sensible report.
Now, I would have been glad if these things
had come about when you voted out Mr. Brooks
and Mr. Voorhees. But these elections have
had a salutary effect upon the Committee of
Elections, and you now conclude that men who
are legally elected from the State of-Kentocky,
although since last July they have been held
off at arm's length, and the doors of the House
of Representatives closed in their faces, are
now entitled to take their seats on this floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If my friend will allow1
me, as he was just speaking about thanksgiv-
ing, I wish to give him notice that at Casparis's
there is to be a raffle for a turkey this evening.
I thought perhaps he would want to go in.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. I will excuse my friend, pre-
suming that he has an engagement there, so
that he can go £<t once. [Laughter.] I have
no wish whatever to detain him from any
arrangement which he has made for that occa-
sion. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let it stop
now.
Mr. ROSS. My venerable friend, for whom
I have a great respect, suggests that he would
like to have the floor upon this subject, and in
view of the great services he has rendered to
the country as chairman of the Committee on
Reconstruction I will yield to his request.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I only
desire to say that I presume everybody under-
stands this question, and I have been very
much pleased with the eloquent remarks of
the gentleman across the way. He is right in
many of his points, especially where he re-
ferred to the little party with which he acted
this morning. [Laughter.] I hope we will
now proceed to business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of terminating debate
on the resolutions.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; Mad the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes re-
ported that the Committee of the Wholeon the
sate of the Union, according to order, had
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the President's
annual message, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ; and pending
that motion I move that all debate, so far as
the resolutions are concerned, terminate in
one minute.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That will stop all
debate on the message.
The SPEAKER. No ; only on the resolu-
tions.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that when the
House goes into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union no other subject be
voted upon but the resolutions.
" The SPEAKER. That has been under-
stood; after that is disposed of there is to be
no further business done.
Mr. BOYER. I move that the House ad-
journ.
On the motion to adjourn there were—ayes
48, noes 57.
Mr. Boyeh demanded tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Schejtck, that when the House again re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union all debate on the res-
olutions be terminated in one minute, it was
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole oft th^ state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr. Dawes in the chair) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the President's
annual message.
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Ross to strike out the resolution in rela-
tion to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the resolutions by inserting the fol-
lowing :
Retolved, That so much of the President's message
as relates to the payment of money for the Russian
nogsessiong which are the subject of negotiation be-
tween the several Governments bo reforrcd to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did not
put that in, because the rule is that that goes to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs without any
special reference. It does not go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is now closed
on the resolutions.
The question being taken on Mr. Butler's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the resolu-
tions be laid aside, to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the order of the
House there will be no vote taken on the res-
olutions in the House until after the morning
hour on Monday, and there will be no vote
taken in the committee to-day.
Mr. MULLINS. I move that the commit-
tee rise*
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that several gentlemen desire to speak.
Mr. MULLINS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
anxious to enlighten the House a little on the
subject of some of our recent land purchases.
It will necessarily require thai I shall have my
full hour to do so. My colleague [Mr. Paine]
asks me to yield to him, and I will do so with
the understanding that I shall have the floor
when he gets through.
No objection was made.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] thinks that
the Government of the United States ought to
redeem the five-twenty bonds in legal-tender
notes as rapidly as the latter can be absorbed
as currency by the business of the country.
He bases this scheme of redemption upon
what he is pleased to term the contract made
by the Government with the holders of those
bonds on the 25th day of February, 1862, and
contained in the act of that date, authorising
the issue of these bonds and legal-tender notes.
He stands upon the contract. He declares
that by this contract, whether interpreted ac-
cording to its spirit or to its strict letter, these
five-twenty bonds are made payable in legal-
tender notes. That I may not in the slightest
degree misrepresent him I will state his posi-
tion exactly in his own words. In his speech
delivered in this House on Tuesday of last
week he said:
"The only proposition which I hold in common
with Mr. Pendleton is that by the law Of the land
and by the legal interpretation of the words of the
contract five-twenty bonds are payable, not in coin,
but in lawful money of the United States. I hold,
as I suppose he does, that, by the letter, by the
spirit, and by the justice of tke contract, the five-
twenties are payable in the lawful money of the Uni-
ted States.
" I enunciate, as my first proposition, and one that
I shall endeavor to enforce on the House and the
country, that every dollar of indebtment of the
United States which is contracted by the acts of Con-
gress making it payable in coin shall be paid in coin
although it takes the last dollar to pay it; but every
! debt contracted not prfyable in coin shall be paid in
the lawful money of the United States, such as you
paid your soldiers with and such asyou furnish to your
citizens; such as alone is now used as money of the
Government, and upon which alone you impress the
image  nd superscription of the Government as a
guarantee that it shall hereafter be mado good.
"You must take it upon the letter, and I have
never yet found any man bold enough—until my
friend from Maine exhibited a degree of courage'
much superior to any bravery required to face Minie
ballets in the field—bold enough to insist that the
letter of the law did not authorize payment of the
principal of the five-twenty bonds in lawful money
of the United States. What is the contract by law t"
