1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1457
coast have all been more or less examined and
surveyed for two hundred years past, and so
far as the work of the Coast Survey depart-
ment is concerned, .it is much more complete
in its progress on the eastern than on the west-
ern coast. Therefore, if there is to be a dis-
continuance in regard to either, we can better
spare the survey on the Atlantic coast than
the other. But! do not wish to be understood
as saying on my own knowledge, that that
ought to be discontinued, but I am willing to
say I think it is of less importance this year
than the survey on the coast of California.
And now one word in regard to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. "Wash-
burn,] backed, also, by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.] The amount of
money expended for this interest is considera-
ble—they say eight or nine million dollars.
It may be more. But look at the interest itself.
It concerns the whole coast line of the United
States, twenty-five or thirty thousand miles.
What would the United States be without its
coast, its harbors, its outlets by its great rivers
from the interior country? It would be of
comparatively no political or commercial im-
portance whatever. Therefore, in expending
money for the survey of the harbors on the
eastern and western coasts, we are expending
money_ to give importance to this immense
coast-line of the United States, which consti-
tutes the great advantage which this country
enjoys over every other country on the face of
the globe. And if we close up these harbors
and rivers by depriving ourselves of the means
of knowledge necessary to navigate and con-
trol them, we destroy the great commercial and
political power of this country, and that, I am
sure, is not what gentlemen desire.
Now let me say a word in regard to the pro-
gress of the coast survey on the Pacific coast.
I understand there is but one harbor that has
been considered carefully or considerably sur-
veyed, and that is the harbor of San Francisco.
The harbors south of San Francisco have been
but imperfectly surveyed, and the harbors north
of San Francisco scarcely at all. Therefore,
the appropriation for this work this year is
imperatively necessary in order to complete the
survey of the harbors upon the coast of Cali-
fornia and Oregon, which are of vast import-
ance with regard to the growing and opening
commerce with the eastern portion of the world.
Mr. BUTLER. I oppose the amendment
formally for the purpose of saying a word in
answer to the question which has been raised
here which would seem to throw some doubt
before the country on the value of the Coast
Survey. It is true it has cost $9,000,000, and
perhaps more; 1 have no doubt fully that;
but, sir, I know—having had opportunities
of judging, perhaps belter than anybody else
on the Atlantic coast, during the late war—
that it over and over again paid for itself.
Without it the harbor of Charleston could
hardly have been accessible to attacks by our
troops, and so of Savannah and all the harbors
South and all the sounds in North Carolina.
Indeed, for all our operations on the coast and
along the land within a short distance of the
coast we were indebted to this Coast Survey,
because there were in the southern country no
maps, aad, therefore, in the safety of our ves-
sels, transports and others, and in facilitating
the operations of troops, I am sure I speak the
sentiment of every officer who was in command
on the coast, and especially in the Gulf—and
in this 1 shall be borne out by my colleague,
[Mr. Banks]—when I say that the Coast Sur-
vey has paid for itself over and over again. I
feel bound to say this much, without taking
any share in the discussion as to how much or
how little should be appropriated to the west-
ern coast. Some time or other—and the sooner
the better—that coast has got to be surveyed,
and while I am for economy everywhere, yet I
recognize the necessity of carrying on the great
concerns of this country.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
present to the committee what I deem to be a
question of some worth in this debate.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 92.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to increase the
amount of the appropriation to §100,000. The
Coast Survey is not limited to one continuous
survey of the line of coast in a new country.
That is not its only duty; but it has to keep
up a perpetual survey of those fluctuations and
changes along the coast consequent upon the
course of streams and the laws of nature itself.
It is impossible for the mariner to traverse
any coast continuously, year after year, upon
an old chart with any certainty that in follow-
ing that chart he is avoiding existing dangers.
The receding of the continent from the sea,
the advance of the land into the sea, the rais-
ing of sand bars owing to the action of the
currents of the ocean and the currents flowing
from the x'ivers into the ocean—all these create
and establish an absolute necessity for perpet-
ual surveys.
That being recognized, it follows, of course,
that, having established a Coast Survey for the
purpose of surveying the coast and finding out
its dangers, it is absolutely necessary to keep
up a sufficient force to meet the growing dan-
gers and the changes of nature.
So far, then, as abolishing this Coast Survey
is concerned, it is impossible to do so if you
would keep up your commercial relations with
the rest of the world. To reduce the amount
appropriated for that purpose is simply to
imperil that establishment, which is of vital
importance. That would be following the
example of the rebels,who destroyed the light-
houses and other means of facilitating com-
merce on the coast.
Again, the Coast Survey does not confine its
operations to the sea line, but it extends them
to the land and up the river courses. It is well
known to gentlemen on our side engaged in
the late war that but for the knowledge which
our Coast Survey gave us we would have been
unable to have navigated many of our rivers,
not only in tide water, but beyond. One of the
greatest difficulties at the outbreak of the re-
bellion wa3 to obtain the requisite knowledge
to enable us to navigate the streams, &e.,
along a certain portion of the southern coast,
because those in power there had kept that
knowledge as much as possible to themselves.
This is a scientific question, a national ques-
tion; and to debate here upon a question of
$10,000, $50,000, or $100,000 for this work is
to advertise to the world that this House is
ignorant of the duties of its Coast Survey De-
partment.
I insist upon my amendment, as founded
upon common sense and reason, supported by
the experience of the late rebellion. There is
not a scientific man in the country to-day who
will not indorse what I have said; and the
proof they will give, derived from their knowl-
edge and their science, willgiveyou confidence
in their opinions. And.even now, in the lobby
here, can be seen our most scientific men run-
ning around, hunting up members, and asking
them to vote to give the poor pittance asked
for this most valuable object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose
of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Blaine having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Scofield reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the special order
under consideration, being House bill No. 818,
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1869, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
the civil appropriation bill; and pending that
motion I move that all debate upon the para-
graphs relating to the Coast Survey be closed
in ten minutes after the committee resumes the
consideration of the same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate; and it wasagrced to.
The question was fcheii taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole; and
it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Suofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate upon the portion of the bill relating
to the Coast Survey will terminate in ten min-
utes. The pending paragraph is the following:
For continuing tlie survey of the western coast of
the United States, including compensation of civil-
ians engaged ia tlio work, 530,000.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] has moved to amend this paragraph
by striking out "$30,000" and inserting
"$85,000." The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Chanxkk] moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "§85,000" and inserting
" §100',000." The question isupou the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
but ten minutes for debate, and I wish to dis-
tribute that time between the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Johnson,] the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] and myself. As
no further amendment is in order, and as no
gent ieman has a right to speak except upon an
amendment, I ask the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ciiani.eh] to withdraw his amend-
ment, that the gentleman from California may
renew it.
Mr. CIIANLER. Certainly I will do so.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield
five minutes to the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I renew the amendment.
I desire to state, Air. Chairman, that this ques-
tion involves, not only the interests of the
commerce of the country, but the lives of our
citizens who are engaged in that commerce.
Gentlemen who pay any attention to the cur-
rent news from California know that not a
week passes but there is flashed across the
wires from the city of San Francisco the sad
intelligence of the loss of steamers or sailing-
vessels upon the northern coast of California.
I have lived fifteen years in the northern dis-
trict of that State; and I believe that during
all this long period there has not been one
week in which at least one vessel was not
driven ashore, with greater or less loss of life.
These disasters could in many cases be-avoided
by a proper coast survey ; for there are every-
where along the coast small inlets and har-
bors which would afford a sale refuge for
vessels, and thus preserve the property and
lives of our citizens.
Now, sir, one word as to the changes that are
constantly being made in the harbors on that
coast. That being a great mining country, we
are tearing down mountains, and by hydraulic
force driving them into the Bay of San Fran-
cisco and the other small bays along that coast,
four or five hundred miles in extent. Now, I
assert it as a fact that it will take more than
fifty thousand dollars a year to keep up the sur-
vey of the Bay of San Francisco alone. That
is the only harbor upon the whole Pacific coast
that has ever had a thorough survey ; and the
survey of that harbor must, be carried on con-
stantly aslong as the mining operations in that
country continue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The five minutes of the
gentleman from California [Mr. Johnson] have
expired.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
yield two minutes to the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. FLANDERS. I ask the gentleman
