■SUPPLEMENT TO
tfc'-lawen'the-subject, according to the law of
each' 8gh£t{n*'s judgment, enacted to his own
twisom, after the- alleged commission of the
ofiffease? To what'ajbstwd violations of1 the
rfgMs of the citizen wxmM this theory lead us?
For my own parti eannot consent to go beyond
the tvorst British Parliaments in the time of the
Marftagenets- ineffdrts tb repress the freedom
of speech, •
• Thi eleventh' artiele contains no matter not
atready included in one or more of the prec'ed-
fta'g "articlesj except the allegation of an intent
-to^re'vent.the execution of the act of March 2,
18fWV'fcr the more effieieritgovernment of the
rebel States. Concerning this a telegraphic
dispatch from General Parsons, of Alabama,
and the reply of the President thereto, each
dated in January preceding the passage of the
law, -appears to be the only evidence adduced.
These dispatches are as follows:
Montgomery, Alabama, ,January 17, 1867.
-Jksgista&ure in session. Efforts making to recon-
sider vote on constitutional amendment. Report
frqru Washington says it is probablo an enabling act
will pass. We do not know what to believe. I find
nothing here. LEWIS E. PARSONS.
, , . J'lxehtmze Hotel.
IJjat Excellency Andrjev Johnson, President.
lie response is:
United States Military Telegraph,
Exsuutivb Owiok, Washington, IJ. C.,
January 17, 1867.
What possiblo good can be obtained by reconsider-
ing the constitutional amendment? Iknowof none
in the preseut posture of affairs; andIdonot believe
the people of the whole country will sustain any set
of individuals in attempts to change tho whole char-
acter of ourGovernment by enabling acts or other-
wise, I believe, on the contiary, that they will
eventually uphold all who have patriotism ijndoour-
ftge to stand by tho Constitution and who place their
coufidcnee in the people. Thereshould be no falter-
ing on tho part of those who are honest in their de-
termination to sustain thesevera] coordinate depart-
ments of the Government in accordance with Us
original design. ANDREW JOHN.SON.
Hon. Lewis 15. Paksons, Montuomery, Alabama.
I am wholly unable, from these dispatches,
to deduce any criminal intent. They manifest
a diversity of political views between the Presi-
dent and Congress. The ease contains ample
evidence outside of those dispatches of that
diversity of opinion. J do not perceive that
these dispatches change the nature of that well-
ltnown, and, in ray opinion, much to bo de-
plored diversity.
I have thus, as briefly as possible, stated my
views of this ease. I have expressed no views
upon any of the questions upon which the
President has been arraigned at tho bar of pub-
lic opinion outside of the charges. I have no
right to travel out of the record.
Mr. Johnson's character as a statesman, his
relations to political parties, his conduct as a
citizen, his efforts at reconstruction, the exer-
cise of his pardoning power, the character of
his appointments, and the influences under
•which they were made, are not before us on any
charges, and are not impugned by any testi-
mony.
Nor can I suffer my judgment of the law gov-
erning this case to be influenced by political
Considerations. I cannot agree to destroy the
harmonious working of the Constitution for the
sake ofgetting rid of an unacceptable President.
Whatever may be my opinion of the incum-
bent, I cannot consent to trifle with the high
office he holds. I can do nothing which, by
implication, may be construed into an approval
of impeachments as a part of future political
machinery.
However widely, therefore, I may and do
differ with the President respecting his political
views and measures, and however deeply I have
regretted,and do regret, the differences between
himself and the Congress of the United States,
I am not able to record my vote that he is
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors by
reason of those differences. I am acting in a
judicial capacity, under conditions whose bind-
ing obligation can hardly be exceeded, and 1
must act according to the best of my ability
and judgment, and as they require. If, ac-
cording to their dictates, the President is guilty,
I must say so; if, according to their dictates,
the President is not guiliy, \ must say so.
Iri my opinion the President has not been
guilty of an impeachable offense by reason of
anything alleged in either of the articles pre-
ferred against him at the bar of the Senate by
the House of Representatives.
OPINION
OF
HON. GEORGE P. EDMUNDS.
Mr. Pbpsident: I had hoped that the formal
consideration of the subject would be officially
reported in order that the world might know,
without diminution or exaggeration, the rea-
sons and views upon which we proceed to our
judgment. But as the Senate has, for causes
satisfactory to itself, decided otherwise, I have
reduced to writing all that I expected to have
said here, that it may be, so far as of any in-
terest to them, exposed to the examination of
my countrymen.
I can only, within the time allotted by the
rules, state briefly the grounds upon which my
judgment in this easi rests. All the argu-
ments on either side cannot be reviewed in
detail, and they must therefore be dismissed
with the general observation that in those re-
spects in which they are not in harmony with
the reasons or conclusions I now state, they
appear to me to be unsound.
As my duties are clearly judicial, "impar-
tially" to try the respondent upon the accusa-
tions contained in the articles of impeachment,
and to decide "according to the Constitution
and the laws," I have only conscientiously to
discharge that duty, and so doing I have no
concern with or responsibility for the conse-
quences, political or other, that may flow from
my decision. If the respondent has been guilty
of a violation of law, the Representatives of
the people in the House of Representatives,
like a grand jury in ordinary cases, are the
sole judges whether that violation of law is of
such enormity or of such consequence as a
precedent, if permitted to pass without notice,
as to require the prosecution of the offender.
As they have presented the cause for our
action, wo have only to apply tho law as it is
to the facts proved. Wo have no discretion to
say guilty or not guilty according to our views
of expediency or our personal wishes. What-
ever they may be they can have no tendency
to show that the respondent is either innocent
or guilty. These propositions are fundamental
elements in all civilized sjstems of jurispru-
dence. Any other would be a mockery of
justice, and soon result in the destruction of
liberty and free government. The truth and
the law are the only stable foundations of so-
ciety, and whoever, for any cause or motive,
however worthy apparently, departs from these,
commits a great wrong upon what all good
men unite in wishing to preserve.
The statementof these principles would have
been a work of entire supererogation but for
the fact that the appeals and remonstrances of
the press of the country, touching our dispo-
sition of the case, have been urgent, and
which, if extended to all trials, would poison
the fountains of justice.
The first three articles, taken collectively,
charge the respondent with an illegal removal
of Mr. Stanton from office as Secretary of
War and the illegal appointment of Adjutant
General Thomas ad interim in his place.
These articles also aver that these acts were
done with intent to violate the Constitution and
the law. The answer asserts that although the
acts charged were designedly done, they are
justifiable, because,
1. If the act of March 2, 1807, prohibited
them, it was in conflict with the Constitution,
and therelorc void.
2. The Constitution and the laws under it in
force prior to March 2, 1807, conferred the
power of removal upon the respondent, and
that act did not in this instance purport to take
it away.
3. If Mr. Stanton was lawfully removed, the
power to appoint General Thomas was con-
ferred by the act of 1795, which for that pur-
pose was still in force.
4. If either the removal or appointment was
in violation of law, still it was done in good
faith, under a sincere claim of right, and there-
fore it could not be the basis of or amount to a
crime or misdemeanor.
Upon the allegations and proofs the c'om-
mission of the acts eharged is indisputable, and
hence the main question is, do either of them
constitute a high crime or misdemeanor?
The Constitution made express provision for
the appointment of officers, as follows:
" And he[the President] shall nominate and, by and
with tho advice and consent of tho Senate, shall
appoint embassadors, other public ministers and
consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all other
officersof the United States, whose appointments are
not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall
be established bylaw; but tho Congress may, bylaw,
vest the appointmentof such inferior officers as they
shall think proper in the President alone, in the
courts of law, or in tho heads of Departments."
And power was also conferred upon the
President "to fill up all vacancies that may
happen during the recess of the Senate, by
granting commissions which shall expire at the
end of their next session."
" The executive power" named as to be
vested in the President, must of necessity be
that power and no other which the Constitu-
tion grants to him. So speaking, it proceeds
at once to define and describe it. All the
powers of the President are specifically enu-
merated, with apparently the utmost precision,
even those most clearly within the general def-
inition of uexecutive power." Two of these,
namely, the power to be Commander-in-Chief
and the power to grant reprieves and pardons,
are perfect illustrations of this. On the other
hand, his duties are partly detailed, as to "re-
ceive embassadors," and partly generalized,
as "to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed." This difference arose from the
nature of things. The limited powers which
the framers of the Constitution thought fit to
grant to the person who was to take the place
of kings and emperors in systems of govern-
ment hostile to liberty, could be easily named,
and ought to be jealously defined. The duties
relating to seeing the laws faithfully executed
could not all be foreseen in detail, and from
them there could scarcely arise any danger to
the Republic, for ho was not to execute the
laws himself, but to " take care" that they be
"faithfully executed." This could only be
done by just such and only the methods and
agencies provided for that purpose by the laws
themselves. He could not, rightfully, violate
the laws in order to enforce them. This is,
I believe unquestioned; and it was perfectly
stated by Attorney General Black, on the 20th
of November, 1800, in advising President Buch-
anan touching his duties relating to some of
the first acts of the rebellion, as follows:
"To the Chief Executive Magistrate of the Union is
confided the solemn duty of seeing tho laws faith-
fully executed. That he may be able to meet this
duty with a power equal to its performance he nom-
inates his own subordinates and removes them at
pleasure. For the same reason, the land and naval
forces are under his orders as their Commander-in-
Chief. Bui his power is to beuied only in the manner
prescribed by the legislative department. He cannot
accomplish, a legal purpose by illegal means,yr break
the laws himself to prevent them from beinff violated by
others."-—9 Opinions Attorneys General, 516.
The Constitution expressly provides, on the
other hand, that Congress shall have power—
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
propor for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States, or in
any department thereof."
In view of those provisions I cannot doubt
that the regulation of the tenure of the oIKces
to be established by law was not confided by
the Constitution to the President, but was left
to be pfovided for by legislation.
The scheme, plainly, was to leave the selec-
tion of persons to fill offices to the President,
acting with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and to leave to the whole Government—
that is to the law-making power—full discre-
tion as to the establishment of offices, and as
