2482
1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
carr^ all tlie commodities between two ports,
any increase of the number of vessels will cor-
respondingly decrease the value of each as an
instrument of commerce ; any decrease below
one hundred will correspondingly increase the
value of each. If the number be doubled
each will carry but half its usual freight, will
be worth but lialf its former value for that
trade. There is so much work to be done and
no more. A hundred vessels can do it all. A
thousand can do no more than all.
The functions of money as a medium of
exchange, though more complicated in their
application, are precisely the same in principle
as the functions of the vessels in the case I
have supposed.
If we could ascertain the total value of all
the exchanges effected in this country by means
of money in any year, and could ascertain how
many dollars worth of such exchanges can be
effected in a year by one dollar in money, we
should know how much money the country
needed for the business transactions of that year.
Any decrease below that amount will corre-
spondingly increase the value of each dollar as
an instrument of exchange, ^ny increase
above that amount will correspondingly de-
crease the value of each dollar. If that amount
be doubled, each dollar of the whole mass will
perform but half the amount of business it did
before; will be worth but half its former value
as a medium of exchange.
Recurring to our illustration: if, instead of
sailing vessels, steam vessels were substituted,
a much smaller tonnage would be required ; so,
if it were found that $500,000,000 of paper,
each worth seventy cents in gold, were sufficient
for the business of the country, it is equally
evident that $350,000,000 of gold substituted
for the paper would perform precisely the same
amount of business.
It should be remembered, also, that any im-
provement in the mode of transacting business,
by which the actual use of money is iu part dis-
pensed with, reduces the total amount needed
by the country. How much has been accom-
plished in this direction by recent improve-
ments in banking, may be seen in the opera-
tions of the clearing-houses in our great cities.
The records of the New York clearing-house
show that from October 11, 1853, the date of
its establishment, to October 11, 1867, the ex-
changes amounted to nearly one hundred and
eighty thousand million dollars; to effect which,
less than eight thousand millions of money
were used; an average of about four per cent.;
that is, exchanges were made to the amount
of $100,000,000 by the payment of four mil-
lions of money.
It is also a settled principle that all deposits
in banks drawn upon by checks and drafts,
really serve the purpose of money.
The amount of currency needed in the coun-
try depends, as we have seen, upon the amount
of business transacted by means of money.
The amount of business, however, is varied by
many causes which are irregular and uncer-
tain in their operation. An Indian war, defi-
cient or abundant harvests, an overflow of the
cotton lands of the South, a bread famine or
war in Europe, and a score of such causes en-
tirely beyond the reach of legislation, may
make money deficient this year and abundant
ijext. The needed amount varies also from
month to month in the same year. More
money is required in the autumn, when the
vasts products of agriculture are being moved
to market, than when the great army of labor-
ers are in winter-quarters, awaiting the seed
time.
When the money of the country is gold and
silver, it adapts itself to the fluctuations of busi-
ness without the aid of legislation. If, at any
time, we have more than is needed, the surplus
flows off to other countries through the chan-
nels of international commerce. If less, the
deficiency is supplied through the same chan-
nels. Thus the monetary equilibrium is main-
tained. So immense is the trade of the world
that the golden streams pouring from Califor-
nia and Australia into the specie circulation,
are soon absorbed in the great mass and equal-
ized throughout the world, as the waters of all
the rivers are spread upon the surface of all
the seas.
Not so, however, with an inconvertible pa-
per currency. Excepting the specie used in
payment of customs and the interest on our
public debt, we are cut off from the money
currents of the world. Our currency resem-
bles rather the waters of an artificial lake which
lie in stagnation or rise to full banks at the
caprice of the gatekeeper.
Gold and silver abhor depreciated paper
money, and will not keep company with it. If
our currency be more abundant than business
demands, not a dollar of it call go abroad; if
deficient, not a dollar of gold will come'in to
supply the lack. There is no Legislature on
earth, wise enough to adjust such a currency to
the wants of the country.
RELATION OP CURRENCY TO PRICES.
Let us examine more minutely the effect of
such a currency upon prices. Suppose that
the business transactions of the country at the
present time require $350,000,000 in gold.
It is manifest that if there are just $350,000,000
of legal-tender notes, and no other money in
the country, each dollar will perform the full
functions of a gold dollar, so far as the work
of exchange is concerned. Now, business re-
maining the same, let $350,000,000 more of
the same kind of notes be pressed into circu-
lation. The whole volume, as thus increased,
can do no more than all the business. Each
dollar will accomplish just half the work that
a dollar did before the increase, but as the
nominal dollar is fixed by law, the effect is
shown in prices being doubled. It requires
two of these dollars to make the same purchase
that one dollar made before the increase. It
would require some time for the business of
the country to adjust itself to the new con-
ditions, and great derangement of values would
ensue; but the result would at last be reached
in all transactions which are controlled by the
law of demand and supply.
INCREASE OP THE CURRENCY IS TAXATION.
No such change ef values can occur without
cost. Somebody must pay for it. Who pays
in this case? We have seen that doubling the
currency finally results in reducing the pur-
chasing power of each dollar one half; hence
every man who held a legal-tender note at the
time of the increase, and continued to hold it
till the full effect of the increase was produced,
suffered a loss of fifty per cent, of its value ;
in other words, he paid a tax to the amount of
half of all the currency in his possession. This
new issue, therefore, by depreciating the value
of all the currency, cost the holders of the old
issue $175,000,000 ; and if the new notes were
received at their nominal value at the date of
issue, their holders paid a tax of $175,000,000
more. No more unequal or unjust mode of
taxation could possibly be devised. It would
be tolerated only by being so involved in the
transactions of business as to be concealed
from observation; but it would be no less real
because hidden.
ITS CHIEF BURDEN FALLS OX THE L 1BORER.
But someone may say, "This depreciation
would fall upon capitalists and rich men who
are able to bear it.''
If this were true it would be no less unjust.
But unfortunately the capitalists would suffer
less than any other class. The new issue would
be paid in the first place in large amounts to
the creditors of the Government; itwould pass
from their hands before the depreciation had
taken full effect, and, passing down step by step
through the ranks of middle men, the dead
weight would fall at last upon the laboring
classes in the increased price of all the neces-
saries of life. It is well known that in a gene-
ral rise of prices, wages are among the last to
rise. This principle was illustrated in the re-
port of the Special Commissioner of the Rev-
enue for the year 1866. It is there shown that
from the beginning of the war to the end of
1866, the average price of all commodities had
risen ninety per cent. Wages, however, had
risen but sixty per cent. A day's labor would
purchase but two thirds as many of the neces-
saries of life as it would before. The wrong is
therefore inflicted on the laborer long before
his income can be adjusted to his increased ex-
penses. It was in view of this truth that Daniel
Webster said in one of his ablest speeches :
"Of all the contrivances foreheating the laboring
classes of mankind, none has been more effectual
than that which deludes them with paper money.
This is the most effectual of inventions to fertilize the
rich man's field by the.sweat of the poorman'sbrow.
Ordinary tyranny, oppression, excessive taxation,
these boar lightly on the happiness of the mass of
the community., compared with afraudulent currency
and the robberies committed by depreciated paper."
The fraud committed and the burdens im-
posed upon the people, in the case ive have
supposed, would be less intolerable if all busi-
ness transactions could be really adjusted to
the new conditions; but even this is impossible.
All debts would be canceled, all contracts ful-
filled by payment in these notes—not at their
real value, but for their face. All salaries
fixed by law, the pay of every soldier in the
Army, of every sailor in the Navy, and all pen-
sions and bounties would be reduced to half
their former value. In these cases the effect
is only injurious. Let it never be forgotten
that every depreciation of our currency results
in robbing the one hundred and eighty thou-
sand pensioners, maimed heroes, crushed and
bereaved widows, and homeless orphans, who
sit helpless at our feet. And who would be
benefited by this policy? A pretense of apol-
ogy might be offered for it, if the Government
could save what the people lose. But the sys-
tem lacks the support of even that selfish
and immoral consideration. The depreciation
caused by the over issue in the case we have
supposed compels the Government to pay just
that per cent, more on all the contracts it makes,
on all the loans it negotiates, on all the sup-
plies it purchases ; and to crown all, it must
at last redeem all its legal-tender notes in goid
coin, dollar for dollar. The advocates of re-
pudiation have yet been bold enough' to deny
this.
DEPRECIATED CURRENCY STIMULATES SPECULATION
ANI) OVERTRADING.
I have thus far considered the influence of a
redundant paper currency on the country when
its trade and industry are in a healthy and
normal state. I now call attention to its effect
in producing an unhealthy expansion of busi-
ness, in stimulating speculation and extrava-
gance and in laying the sure foundation of
commercial revulsion and wide-spread ruin.
This principle is too well understood to require
any elaboration here. The history of all mod-
ern nations is full of examples. One of the
ablest American writers on banks and banking,
Mr. Gouge, thus sums up the result of his re-
searches :
41 The history of all our bank pressures and panics
has been the same in 1825, in 1837, and in 184o; and
the cause given in these two simple words—universal
expansion."
There still remains to be considered the effect
of depreciated currency on our trade with other
nations. By raising prices at home higher than
they are abroad, imports are largely increased
beyond the exports 5 our coin must go abroad;
or, what is far worse for us. our bonds which
have also suffered depreciation and are pur-
chased by foreigners at seventy cents on the
dollar. During the whole period of kighnrices
occasioncdby the war. gold and bonds have
been steadily going abroad, notwithstanding
our tariff duties which average nearly fifty per
cent, ad valoreni. More than five hundred mil-
lion dollars of our bonds are now held mEm*ope?
ready to be thrown back upon us when any war
or other sufficient disturbance shall occur. No
tariff rates short of actual prohibition can pre-
vent this outflow of gold while our currency is
thus depreciated. ^ During these years also,
our merchant ^ marine steadily decreased, and
our ship-building interests were nearly ruined.
Our tonnage engaged in foreign trade, which
amounted in 1850-Gt) to raoro than two and a
half million tons, had fallen in 1863-66 to less
