THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the terms upon which and the teuure by
which they should be held by the persons so
selected. Any other construction would defeat,
as for several years prior to the recent act it
has defeated in many instances, entirely the
express declaration of the Constitution that the
offices shall be filled by such persons as shall
be advised by the Senate; for temporary com-
missions could be issued from session to ses-
sion, even to the very persons rejected by the
Senate, as has been the case. And if officers
by the Constitution are removable at the will
of the President, why, when once appointed,
should they not hold at his pleasure, and if so,
how can the law put a period tp their holding,
as .has been done in various instances from the
first, without question from any source ?
Certainly if, when the Constitution is silent,
the legislative power may declare that whoever
'is appointed to a particular office shall cease
to hold it at the end of four years, it may also
declare that the appointee shall enjoy it during
that time. The two things are complementary
to each other, and logically inseparable.
These views as to what in general belongs to
legislative power are fully sustained by many
decisions of the Supreme Court, among which,
Martin vs. Hunter's lessee, 1 Wheat., 326 ;
Wayman vs. Southard, 10-1; 16 Peters, 89 ;
Jones vs. Van Zaudt, 5 How., may be read with
profit.
It was to establish a reign of law, the only
safeguard of society and the only means of
liberty, that the Constitution was formed. We
must, therefore, suppose that the cases not
specifically provided for and the implied pow-
ers generally were intended to be left to the
provisions of law, in making which both the
President and Congress must always partici-
pate, and usually concur, and not to the un-
controlled will of the Executive. Indeed, the
counsel for the respondent do not seem.very
seriously to question this interpretation of the
Constitution considered independently of a
construction which they insist has been by
legislative discussion and enactment, and by
long practice of Executives, put upon it.
1 will dispose, very brietiy, of this construc-
tion, as it is called. Extended examination,
for which there is not time, would make the
fallacy of it clear to demonstration. So far as
legislative discussion is concerned, (although
that is no safe or admissible guide to the con-
struction of law as law, for no member is bound
by the opinions or words of any other, and so
his silence is no acquiescence,) the pretension
has been from the beginning the subject of
dispute between adherents of a President and
the representatives of the States and people,
not as to the right of a President to resist a
legislative rule, which has rarely, if ever be-
fore, been asserted, but as to the propriety of
enacting one ; and even Mr. Madison himself,
whose opinions are so much relied upon by the
counsel for the respondent, was, at different
times, on both sides of the question ; and Mr.
Adams, whose casting vote in the Senate passed
the act of 1789, was strongly opposed to the
provision of the Constitution requiring the
Senate to confirm any appointment, and he
was by the public so generally supposed to
have been intluenced by his expectation ot be-
coming President himself that he thought it
necessary to repel the accusation of (to use his
own words) "deciding in favor of the powers
of the prime because I look up to that goal.''
An analysis of the debates and votes upon
the act of 1789, creating the Department of
Foreign Affairs, will demonstrate the ineon-
clusiveness of tests of this sort. Of the fifty-
four members of the House of Representatives
present, those who argued that the power of
removal was, by the Constitution, in the Pres-
dent, were Sedgwick, Madison, (who had main-
tained the opposite,) Vining, Boudinot, Cly-
mer, Benson, Scott, Goodhue, and Baldwin.
Those who contended that the President had
not the power, but that it might be conferred
by lav/, but ought not to be, were Jackson,
Stone, and Tucker. Those who believed that
the President had not the power, and that it
could not be conferred, were White, Smith of
South Carolina, Livemore, and Page. -;Those
who maintained that the President had not the
inherent power, but that it might be bestowed
by law, and that it was expedient to bestow
it, were Huntington, Madison at first, Gerry,
Ames, Hartly, Lawrence, Sherman, Lee, and'
Sylvester—twenty-four in all speaking. Of ■
these fifteen thought the Constitution did not
confer this power upon the President, while
only nine thought otherwise. But those who
thought he had the power and those who
thought the law ought to confer it were seven-
teen.
Thirty did not speak at all, and in voting
upon the words conferring or recognizing the
power they were just as likely to vote upon
the grounds of Roger Sherman as upon the
reasons of those who merely intended to admit
the power. On the motion to strike out the
words "to be removable by the President,"
the ayes were twenty and the noes thirty-four ;
but no guess, even, can be formed that this
majority took one view rather than the other.
Indeed, adding only the eight who spoke against
the inherent power, but for the provisions of
law, to the twenty opponents of both, and there
is a clear majority adverse to any such inhe-
rent power in the President. And when on
the next day it was proposed to change the
language to that which became the law, among
the ayes are the names of White, Smith of
South Carolina, Livemore, Page, Huntington,
Gerry, Ames, and Sherman, all of whom, as
we have seen, were of opinion against the claim
of an inherent power of removal in the Presi-
dent. All this, with a possible error as to one
or two persons, arising from the vagueness or
contradictory character of their language, is
in the record of the proceedings, obvious to
any one who will undergo the labor of its
examination.
The construction, then, claimed to be derived
from this source ceases to have any foundation
in point of fact.
On the other hand, a select committee of
the Senate, of which Thomas H. Benton was
chairman, and having among its members
Mr. Van Buren and Mr. Hayne, made a re-
port in 1826, in which they say:
" Not beins? able to reform the Constitution in the
election of President, they must go to work upon his
powers, and trim down these by statutory enact-
ments whenever it can be done by law, and with a
just reprard to the proper efficiency of the Govern-
ment. For this purpose they have reported six
bills," &c.
One of these bills was a bill entitled "A bill
to prevent military and naval officers from be-
ing dismissed the service at the pleasure of the
Presidentand it prohibited any dismissal ex-
cept on the sentence of a court-martial, or on
address of both Houses of Congress. The sub-
stance of this bill became a law by the approval
of the respondent himself, on the 13th day of
July, 180(3. In 1835, on the favorable report of
a select committee, of which Mr. Calhoun, Mr.
Webster, and Mr. Benton were members, on
the same subject of executive patronage, anal-
ogous measures were agitated, but I have not
space to detail them. . Aside from actual legis-
lation appearing in the statutes, there lias been |
no general recognition of these claims, but a j
constant protest by all parties, in their turn, j
against them. _ j
As to the supposed recognition by the laws j
themselves, and a practice under them, it need j
only be said that the whole course oflegisla- !
tion, comprised in more than twenty statutes, !
has until 1803 authorized the President to
make removals; and hence they furnish no
evidence of his powers, independently oj the
law, bid the contrary. It needs no argument
to show that what the laws have authorized.
they may forbid. -No law can become so old
that the legislative power cannot change it;
and even as to legislative construction it is the
same. A later Congress has just as much
power in that respect as an earlier.
The acts of 1792, 1795, and 1863, relating
to ad interim appointments, which have always
been acquiesced in without question from any
source, are decisive utterances, so far as legis-
lative action can possibly be so, of the power
of the lav) to regulate the - exercise of powers
and duties expressty conferred by the Constitu-
tion upon the. President and Senate. Oar o wn
statutes and those of all States having written
constitutions are full of similar or analogous
instances.
Can it be said, then-, that where the letter-Of
the Constitution is silent upoo ariother branch
of the same subject the law has no power to
speak, and that behind that reiil -of silence
sleeps a kingly prerogative of the President?
The act of 1863, providing for a national
currency, expressly declared that the Comp-
troller of the Currency should hold his office
for five years, and should not be removed with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate. It
was passed by votes irrespective of-party,
receiving, among others, that of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin who sits farthest from
me, [Mr. Dooijttle,] without any objection
from any source to this feature of it. It was
approved by President Lincoln.- The law and
practice of the Government were thus changed,
and in that instance restored to the letter and
true spirit of the Constitution, with the con-
currence of all parties, full five years before
this case arose. And, as I have said-, substan-
tially, and, indeed, identically, the same prin-
ciple was, with the official approval of the
respondent himself, applied to military and
naval officers by the act of July 13, 1866, re-
lating to the Army, prohibiting their removal
without the sentence of a court-martial, which
power had been exercised during the war,
under the authority of law, and not under
claim of prerogative. (Act of July 17,1862.)
The judicial decisions and opinions touching
this subject support the same view.
Marbury vs. Madison, 1 Cranch, is, as I
understand it, expressly in point; and in the
late case of Mr. Guthrie, (17 How.,) the only
judge whose views of jurisdiction made it
proper for him to speak, upheld the same
doctrine.
Por these reasons, and many others thatthe
time does not permit me to state, I conclude
that the act of March 2, 1867, is perfectly con-
stitutional.
Does the act apply to the case of Mr. Stan-
ton, and forbid his removal at the will of the
President?
It is conceded that the leading clause of the
section does include him, but it is claimed that
he is taken out of it by a proviso which not
only effects that, but which also excludes him
from the proviso itself or fails to mention bipi
at all! In construing a statute it is always
necessary to look at the whole scope of the law
in all its sections, and at the state of facts
existing at the time of its passage, in order to
make a proper application of the law, and to
search through the language of the act for the
design to which it was devoted.
These facts are that Mr. Stanton was then
the Secretary of War, subject to removal from
office under the act of 1789 at the pleasure of
the respondent. On that state ot facts the
proviso said that "the Secretary of War," &c.,
''shall hold tlieir offices, respectively, for and
during the term of the President by whom they
may have been appointed," &c. Now, asMr.
Stanton was then Secretary of War, lie must be
the person included in that description. That
Secretary is (with the others) by name the very
subject of which the proviso speaks. And it
wili be noticed that the language as to the
appointment is in the past tense,, " may have
been appointed" are the words. _ That the pro-
viso declared something touching the tenure
of Mr. Stanton cannot truly be denied. But it
it did not declare anything as to him, then,
confessedly, the leading and sweeping opening
clause embraces him, for then as to him it is
not "otherwise provided." Having ascer-
tained, then, that the proviso speaks of Mr.
Stanton, we find that it says that he "shall
hold" his office,  %c., for a desetibed period.
These words, it will be seen, apply only to the
future, and import, if language has any mean-
