3508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
times the cost of the manufacture of the book.
The result of the amendment, if it is adopted,
is to put some ten thousand dollars of clear
profit into the pockets of the proprietors of the
work, whether the annotator or some book
firm that has engaged in the publication of it.
The second objection I have to it is to any
such tiling being done at the expense of the
Government of the United States. I think
that such enterprises should stand upon their
own footing and upon their own merit., and
not be eked out this way from the Treasury of
the nation; and I call upon those Senators who
have been so accustomed to talk about the
condition of the public Treasury and about
economy to look here and say what public good
is to come from the expenditure of $15,000 to
buy ten thousand copies of this book. We
should, under that arrangement, probably be
entitled to forty or fifty copies apiece, and
what should we do with them? Send them to
that number of individuals in our respective
States. Where is the public benefit that is
derived from a transaction of that kind ? I do
not see it; and least of till do I see any neces-
sity for paying $1 50 a copy for a book that
does not cost fifty cents a copy to manufacture.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, this pro-
posed appropriation eomcs, it seems, from the
Committee on the Judieiary. I was not aware
that such an amendment had been recom-
mended by that committee. I was present in
the committee on two or three occasions when
the proposition was considered, and when
various amendments with regard to it were
submitted, none of which commanded the ap-
proval of a majority of the committee ; and I
was not aware that it had been brought up
afterward, andarecommendationmade; ltmust
have been when I was absent. Being a mem-
ber of the committee from which it comes, 1
wish to express my dissent to the amendment.
1 should be very glad to see the gentleman
who has compiled this book, evidently with a
great deal of labor, receive from some source
a recompense and a profit for his work ; but I
see no principle upon which he ought to receive
it from us. If the book is to be bought upon
the theory that it is valuable to the members
of the two Houses, then it is a discrimination,
T submit, wholly arbitrary between this book
and many others more indispensable, which we
are compelled to resort to the public library to
look at, or else to buy, unless we do without them
altogether. During my service in Congress I
have purchased a great many books which I
fouwd indispensable. 1 have done so this
winter. J could enumerate them if it were
worth while, and Senators would see that they
are much more useful and much more indis-
pensable than this book. Therefore 1 say, if
the idea is to furnish to each Senator and
member of the House of Representatives facil-
ities for information, it would be better to
appropriate a sum of money and allow each
member from that sum to help himself to the
books which his convenience and exigencies
most require.
But if the idea suggested by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey is the true one, that
it is to be purchased for popular distribution,
then 1 submit that this proposition is indefen-
sible. Why? Because although the book may
be excellent there are a great many other most
excellent books which it would be well to dis-
tribute, but which nobody proposes to buy at
public expense. For example, we have never
distributed the Scriptures, and yet we cannot
shut our eyes to the fact that large portions of
this country are greatly in need of the Scrip-
tures, the Old Testament and the New, and
possibly portions of the country which have
representatives here to speak for them. I do
not venture to speak for them, as I have no
personal knowledge of any region so benighted.
There are many other books which would be
very useful, but we do not buy them. We con-
line our book distribution to books made here
and the departmental books, and I have long
thought that there was a fair field for criticism
and discussion there. Suffice it to say, how-
ever, that we have not gone beyond that. Here
is a proposition to accept the work of a gen-
tleman who makes what is considered a valu-
able work, a law book, and purchase it in con-
siderable quantities for distribution. The com-
pilation ot the Constitution and of matters cog-
nate to the Constitution, referred to by the
Senator from New .Jersey, made by Hiekey, is
a peculiar case. It is not like this. We know
something of the history of that. I think that
is an excellent book, and I wish very much we
could have a reprint of it. I found with great
difficulty this winter one copy of it in an odd
store, and I paid an odd price to get it. It is
out of print, I understand. That, however,
was a peculiar case.
But now, Mr. President, I wish to make this
suggestion to the Senate, which I consider, be-
yond the mere expenditure of the money, the
unwholesome feature of this case: once establish
that applications of this sort are to be enter-
tained and to succeed on account of the merits
or the pertinacity of the person or the sympa-
thy which may be enlisted for him, and every
sort of book-maker comes here, it is not only
Lanman's Dictionary of Congress, which has
eventually been dispensed with, I believe, but
the author of every sort of book, however remote
it may be, if it relates to any subject command-
ing the respect of Congress, comes here asking
that he be assisted ; and if authors are to be
assisted, why not artists? Why not men ex-
cellent in the fine arts as well as in law or in
literature ?
I submit, sir, that the whole thing is beyond
any province which we can fairly assume ; and
therefore, without criticising this book at all,
without denying that it would be valuable to
members of Congress and toothers, I shall vote
against this appropriation-, and 1 hope it will
not prevail either for its own sake or for the
example it will set.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, if this
were anew question I suppose I should oppose
the buying of any books; but this is a matter
too well settled now for any member of Con-
gress to raise a question about it. A number
of years ago a large number of copies of a
Digest of the Constitution was purchased by
Congress for distribution—Hiekey's Constitu-
tion, I think it was called—and a few years
since Lanman's Dictionary of Congress was
bought, being a book giving the biographies of
members. Then we publish at the Govern-
ment Printing Office matter by the ton, and
by the hundreds of tons, I suppose. This is a
good book ; a very valuable work. It is a very
limited view of the case to suggest that mem-
bers want it for their own use. I suppose no
Senator really thinks anything of that sort
when ho makes the suggestion. There is no
such purpose as that, of course. It is for the
same purpose that we order tons of worthless
matter to be printed and published and sent
out among the people. Here is in a succinct
form a greatdeal of information. Ten thousand
copies will cost $15,000, while we print books
costing much more which are really not worth
the space they occupy in our libraries, which
are never opened after they go away. This is
a useful book, and I prefer in buying or pub-
lishing books to take care, so far as possible,
that they shall be useful. This book presents
in a succinct form, well arranged, all the au-
thorities on the Constitution of the United
States. When there is so much controversy
in Congress and elsewhere in regard to the
proper construction of the Constitution it
seems to me it is well enough to throw out
among the people in such a form as this some
information of it. It is very much better than
to be printing reports of explorations and
reports of boundary surveys containing exhi-
bitions of birds and insects and creeping
things that cost enormous sums of money, and
that are only useful to amuse the children of
the people at their homes. Here is a useful
book, and I think it is proper that we should
aid in its publication and distribution.
Mr. LDMUNDS. As one member of the
Judiciary Committee, I wish to oppose, as far
as my vote and influence, if I have any, go,
this amendment. I do not think this is the
time when we can indulge in luxuries, or, if
you please to call them so, useful necessaries
of this description. The book is a good book,
and there are a thousand other good books,
and it would be a very fine thing if everybody
had it; but I feel very sure that my constituents
do not want to pay taxes for the purpose of
having another copy of the Constitution sent
into Vermont. We have a good many copies
of it there already, and have had for a great
many years; and also of the decisions that
have been made upon it. When the whole
country is groaning under taxation, and when
every additional dollar in an appropriation bill
is an additional burden upon the people, whom
my friend from Indiana loves so well, I think
it is high time that we should pause in this
matter of book-making, and endeavor to bring
up the balances of arrearages that now exist
in the revenue before we eater upon schemes
of this kind. The fact that we have, unwisely
or otherwise, hitherto indulged in the luxury
of printing and publishing and buying books
for the people, such as have been named, is no
argument in favor of this proposition. Un-
doubtedly there have been great abuses of that
kind, and this will be another, under existing
circumstances, in my opinion. I am very
sorry, indeed, that my friend from Illinois has
offered the proposition.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. When I first came to
the Senate it was the fashion to publish every-
thing that originated under any action of Con-
gress in the way of exploring expeditions,
boundary surveys, Pacific railroad surveys,
and all such matters, and the expense was very
enormous, and the benefit, in my judgment,
comparatively slight. It was also the fashion
occasionally to purchase other books manu-
factured out of Congress and not under the
direction of any officer of the Government, but
that was not carried to any very great extent.
Hiekey's Constitution is the only instance I
recollect of a book purchased by Congress in
large numbers, and that was stopped soon after
I came to the Senate; it was thought that that
had gone far enough. 1 am not aware of any
instance of the kind since that time, except in
the case of Lanman's Dictionary, and I sup-
pose the peculiar reason for purchasing that
was that it contained something about ourselves
that it was thought imporant to communicate
to everybody, as far as possible. I cannot
give any other reason for it. But, sir, I was
not in favor of any of those propositions ; and
the effort has been of lato years, instead of
buying other people's books, because we pub-
lished too many of our own, as suggested by
the honorable Senator from Indiana, to see if
we could not cut down the number. His argu-
ment seems to be that because we waste a great
deal of money publishing books that we get up
ourselves, and which are of no value, therefore
we should spend an additional sum in buying
books got up by other people. The argument
does not strike me as a sound one. If we pub-
lish so many useless books ourselves, as we
unquestionably do, I think it is rather an argu-
ment why we should attempt in some way to
reform that abuse instead of adding another
abuse to it. The publication of large books
of surveys with plates was stopped some time
ago ; and we have been endeavoring to reduce
our expenses in that way, but there is still room
for improvement in other particulars.
I belong to that illiberal class  of persons
who think that the matter of the education of
people is not a subject that comes exactly
within the regulation of the General Govern-
ment ; that the subject of education had better
be left to the States; that it would be better
taken care of there ; that when we take it into
our own hands the result will be a slackening
somewhat of the efforts made on the part of
the States to educate their people, and we shall
be imposing upon the Government a great
additional burden rather to the injury of edu-
cation than for its benefit. The proposition
to have an educational bureau with a Commi-s-
