2484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
cents m currency now to every dollar then.
The gold value of our whole volume of cur-
rency in January, 1868, was hut three and two
thirds per cent, less than the gold value of the
whole volume in January, I860. The advo-
catesof expansion should pi-Qve that there has
been a reduction in the purchasing power of
our currency before they deplore the fact.
SCARCITY OF CUItREN CY IX THE WEST.
That there is an apparent stringency in our
moaey market generally, and a relative scarcity
ofcurrency in the West cannot be doubted.
During the past winter, especially, it has been
and still is very difficult in the West to obtain
money on good business paper. The causes
of this are to be found in the improper adjust-
ment of our financial machinery and in the
great uncertainty attending our financial legis-
lation. It is a well-settled principle that a
currency, not redeemable, tends to find its way
to the money centers and stay there.
Most unfortunately for the interest of the
country, the national banks have been allowed
to receive interest on the deposits they make
in the banks at the great money centers. Most
of the couutry banks, therefore, send all their
surplus funds to Now York, and will not loan
money unless they can reocive a higher rate
than is paid them there. For all practical pur-
poses their notes are equal to greenbacks, and
they are never called upon to redeem them.
Thus we have a plethora of money in New
York and a few other cities, and a scarcity in
the country. We are financially in the condi-
tion of a sick man suffering with congestive
chills; the blood rushes to the heart and leaves
the extremities chilled and paralyzed.
The fluctuation of values, caused by the un-
certainty of our situation, offers a great temp-
tation to engage in stock and gold speculation,
and hence men, who would otherwise he honest
producers of wealth, rush to the gold room or
the stock market and become the most desper-
ate of gamblers, putting up fortunes to be lost
or won on the chances of a day. These men
pay enormous margins on their purchases and
extravagant interest on their loans. There are
tons ofpaper money at the great commercial
centers, to which it flows from all quarters to
meet the insane demands of Wall street.
Becently a clique of these operators locked
up $25,000,000 of greenbacks, and upon them,
as a special deposit, borrowed $20,000,000
more for the purpose of creating a sudden
stringency in the money market and placing
gold and slocks at their mercy.
The vast amount of money daily loaned on
call in Wall street, at a high rate of interest,
shows howthe currency of the countryis being
•used. So long as the national Government
takes no steps toward redeeming its own paper,
so long will there be nothing to call the notes
of the country banks back home ; so long will
there be no healthy and equal circulation of
the currency. If $200,000,000 more currency
were now issued. I do not doubt that within
two months there would be the same want of
money in the rural districts that now prevails,
ihe surplus would flow to the money centers,
and the increased prices would make our con-
dition worse than before. It ought not to be
forgotten that while the capitalist and specu-
lator^are able to take advantage of fluctuations
in prices, the poor man has no such power.
The necessities of life he must buy day by day,
whatever the price may be. He offers for sale
only his labor. That he must sell each day,
or it will be wholly lost. He is absolutely at
the mercy of the market.
INCONVERTIBLE PAPER MONEY HAS NO FIXED VALUE.
But the most serious evil growing out of the
condition of OU* currency is the fact that we
have now no fixed and determinate standard
of value. It is scarcely possible to exaggerate
this evil. If a snow-ball, made at the begin-
ning of winter and exposed to freezing and
thawing, snowfall and rainfall, and weighed
every day at noon, were made the lawful
pound avoirdupois for this country during the
winter, we oan hardly conceive the confusion
and injustice that would attend all transac-
tions depending on weight. The evil, how-
ever, would not be universal. Linear, liquid,
and mauy other measures would not be affected
by it. But a change of -the money standard
reaches all values. No transaction escapes.
The money unit is the universal measure of
value throughout the world. Since the dawn
of civilization the science, the art, the states-
manship of the world have been put in requi-
sition to devise and maintain an unvarying and,
as far as possible, an invariable standard. For
thousands of years gold and silver of a certain
weight and fineness have been adopted as the
nearest approach to perfection; but even the
slight variation in value to which coin is sub-
ject from clipping and wear has brought na-
tions to the verge of revolution. No one can
read Macaulay's account of the recoinage in
England, in the days of William and Mary,
without perceiving how dircctly the happiness
and prosperity of a nation depend upon the
stability of its money unit. He says:
"It may well bo doubted "whether all the misery
wlliell lnid been inflicted on the English nation in a
quarter of a century by bad kinss, bad ministers, bad
Parliaments, and bad judges, was equal to tile misery
caused m one yo;u-(10i)5) by bad crowns and bad shil-
lings."—Hist,, vol. 4, chap. 21.
To rescue the nation from the evils of bad
shillings, Newton was called from his high
realm of discovery, Locke from his profound
meditations, Somers and Montague from their
seats in Parliament, and these illustrious men
spent months in most devoted effort to restore
to the realm its standard of value. What could
now be of greater service to our country than
to direct its highest wisdom and statesmanship
to the restoration of our standard ? For three
quarters of a century the dollar has been our
universal measure. A coin containing 23^",,-
grains of pure gold, and stamped at the uational
Mint, has been our only definition of the word
dollar. The dollar is thegauge that measures
every blow of the ax ; every swing of .the
scythe; every stroke of the hammer; every
fagot that blazes on the poor man's health;
every fabric that clothes his children ; every
mouthful that feeds their hunger. The word
dollar is the substantive word—the funda-
mental condition of every contract, of every
sale, of every payment, whether from the na-
tional Treasury or from the stand of the apple-
woman in the street. Now, what is our situa-
tion? There has been no day since the 25th of
February, 1862, when any man could tell what
would bo the value of our legal-currency dol-
lar the next mouth or the next day. Since that
day we have substituted for a dollar the printed
promise of the Government to pay a dollar.
That promise we have broken. We have
suspended payment, and have by law com-
pelled the citizen to receive dishonored paper
iu place of money. The value of the paper
standard thus forced upon the country by the
necessities of the war, has changed every day,
and almost every hour of the day, for six years.
The value of our paper dollar has passed by thou-
sands of fluctuations from one hundred cents
down to thirty-live, and back again to seventy.
During tl^e war, in the midst of high prices and
large profits, this fluctuation was tolerable.
Now that we are making our way back toward
old prices and more moderate gains, now that
the pressure of hard times is upon us, this un-
certainty in our standard of value is an almost
intolerable evil. The currency, not being based
upon a foundation of real and certain value,
and possessing no element of self-adjustment,
depends for its market value on a score of
causes. It is a significant and humiliating fact
that the business men of the nation are in con-
stant dread of Congress. Will Congress in- !
crease the currency or contract it? Will new !!
greenbacks be issued with which to take up the 11
bonds ; or will new bonds be issued to absorb \
the greenbacks? Will the national banking I
system be perpetuated and enlarged, or will it I
beabolished to enable the General Government !
to tarn banker? . '
These and a score of kindred questions are
agitating the public mind and changing oar
standard of value with every new turn in the
tide of congressional opinion. Monday is a
dangerous day for the business of this country
while Congress is in session. The broadside
of financial resolutions fired from this House
on that day, could have no such effect as it now
produces if our currency were based on a firm
foundation.
Observe how the people pay for this fluctua-
tion of values. Importers, wholesale mer-
chants, and manufacturers, knowing the uncer-
tainties of trade which results from this change-
able standard, raise their prices to cover risks.
The same thing is done again by retail dealers
and middle men, and the whole burden falls at
last upon the consumer—the laboring man.
And yet we hear honorable gentlemen singing
the praises of cheap money !
The vital and incurable evil of an incon-
vertible paper currency is that it has no elas-
ticity—no quality whereby it adjusts itself to
the necessities and contingencies of business.
PAPER MONEY DELUSIONS.
But there is one quality of such a currency
more remarkable than all others—its strange
power to delude men. The spells and enchant-
ments of legendary witchcraft were hardly so
wonderful. Most delusions cannot be repeated;
they lose their power after a full exposure.
Not so with irredeemable paper money. From
the days of John Law its history has been a
repetition of the same story, with only this dif-
ference : no nation now resorts to its use except
from overwhelming necessity; but whenever
any nation is fairly embarked, it floats on the
delusive waves, and, like the lotus-eating com-
panions of Ulysses, wishes to return no more.
Into this very delusion many of our fellow-
citizens and many members of this House have
fallen. _ Hardly a member of either House of
the Thirty-Seventh or Thirty-Eighth Congress
spoke on the subject who did not deplore the
necessity of resorting to inconvertible paper
money, and protest against its continuance a
single day beyond the inexorable necessities of
the war. The remarks of Mr. Fessexden, when
lie reported the first legal-tender bill from the
Finance Committee of the Senate, in February,
1802, fully exhibit the sentiment of Congress
at that time. He assured the country that the
measure was not to be resorted to as a policy ;
.that it was what it professed to be, a temporary
expedient; that he agreed with the declaration
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House that it was not contem-
plated to issue more than §150,000,000 of legal-
tender notes. Though he aided in passing the
bill, he uttered a warning, the truth and force
of which few then questioned. He said:
"All the opinions that I have heard expressed
agree in this, that only with extreme reluctance, only
with fear and trembling as to the consequences can
we have recourse to a measure like this of making
our paper a legal tender iu the paymentof debts."
Ji1! 'K gentlemen who have spoken on the
subjoct, ana all who have written on the subject
except some wild speculators iu currcncy, have do-
-Ti* p2Iicy it would be ruinous to any
people, and it has been defended, as I have stated
bimply and solely upon the ground that it is to be a
peatedmoasure stllldliS by itself and not to bo re-
DromM-tv"' neGessari'y changes the values of all
piopeity. It is very well known that all over the
' ° be SYre' pass Precisely at par, gold S-
erty." ProPerty appreciates-all kinds ot prop-
onit'"8' t was the almost unanimous
sentiment of the lhirty-Seventh Congress; and
though subsequent necessity compelled both
that and the I hirty-Eighth Congress to make
w issues of paper, yet the danger was always
ontessed and the policy and purpose of speedy
resumption were kept steadily in view. So
anxious were the members of the Thirty-Eighth
ngress that the temptation to new issues
l,°? not overcome them or their successors,
that they bound themselves by a kind of finan-
cial temperance pledge, that there never should
