78
TBI: CONGRESSIONAL GT.OSB:
December 7,!
Mr. ROSS. The party in power issued and
the Government appeared to acquiesce in it,
and 1 am not disposed to find fault with it. In
my judgment it is an erroneous policy for us
to resume specie payments at present; lam
not in favor of it, and 1 will tell you why.
When you come to specie payments you en-
hance the value of Government bonds about
thirty-three per cent., and to that extent and
in that degree you will enhance the burden of
the people of this country to pay them.
Now, as a representative of the tax-payers
of this country 1 am no_t willing to give my
vote to increase the burdens of the people
thirty-three per cent, above what our people
ask us to do.
Mr. BLAINE. Then the further we get
away from specie payment the l^hter will ue
the burdens of the people.
Mr. ROSS. I have no disposition to inflate
the currency so as to materially affect or
derange the business of the country or to make
our money worthless. But in the first place I
would withdraw the $300,000,000 of national
currency held by banks without any adequate
equivalent, as we lose by this arrangement
about eighteen million dollars per annum in
gold, equivalent to some twenty-six or twenty-
seven million dollars in lawful money, which is
given to the banks and should be saved to the
tax-payers of the country.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross] allow me to ask him a ques-
tion?
Mr. ROSS. I have no objection.
Mr. BLAINE! I believe I have the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman yielded
to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BLAINE. I yielded to allow him to
answer a question.
The CHAIRMAN. Tbe gentleman has the
right to reclaim the floor whenever he pleases.
Mr. BLAINE. I think I will do so now,
and let the question be taken on my motion
that the committee now rise.
The question was then taken on the mo-
tion that the committee rise, and it was not
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] will proceed.
Mr. ROSS. I was going on to say 
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. ROSS. Not at present; I want to lay
down my policy. [Laughter.] In the first
Elace I say that by withdrawing the national
ank circulation we would save $18.000,000in
gold, or its equivalent in paper, $27,000,000,
each year, and in that way reduce the debt so
mnch.
Mr. PRICE. Right here will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ROSS. Certainly.
Mr. PRICE. I would ask the gentleman
how he proposes to save $18,000,000 in gold
on the issues of the national banks when the
Comptroller of the Currency states from the
record that these banks are paying back into
the Treasury of the Government $16,000,000
a year ?
Mr. ROSS. We all pay taxes to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. PRICE. I want the question answered,
if it can be.
Mr. ROSS. Very well.
Mr. PRICE. It is admitted that the banks
pay back into the Treasary $16,000,000 a year.
Mr. ROSS. They pay npon the property
they have, as we all pay taxes upon the prop-
er^ wc have.
Mr. PRICE. Bat they pay $16,000,000 a
▼ear to the Government, if that is stopped
how is the gentleman going to save $18,000,000
in gold on their circulation?
Mr. ROSS. I am not advised as to the
amount of taxes paid by the banks. They
probably pay taxes on property owned by them
subject to taxation, but the gentleman cer-
tainly will not contend that they pay taxes on
their bonds deposited, nor will he say that we
cannot save $18,000,000 in gold by taking up
$300,000,000 of five-twenty six r>er cent, gold-
bearing bonds, which can be done by with-
drawing $800,000,(HH) of the national bank cur-
rency and supplying its place with greenbacks.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have been inadvertent-
ly and unexpectedly drown into these remarks
in relation to this financial question. I have
no hesitation in expressing my opinions upon
these questions. I believe, as I nave already
stated, that this debt should be paid in full
according to the original contract. I know
gentlemen argue that these bonds are not sub-
ject to taxation, and are therefore odious ; that
we were swindled by shoddy contractors and
men of that class during the progress of the
war. But, sir, suppose we admit it—admit it
to its fullest extent—I regret that some gentle-
men with whom I have been in the habit of
acting take the ground that this debt for such
reasons should not be paid, but would favor
repudiation. Sir, I reject any such doctrine.
I hold that it is the duty of the Government to
discharge its obligations to its creditors accord-
ing to the contract which has been made. I was
going on to say that I would first reduce the
national debt by taking up $300,000,000 of
five-twenty bonds, by withdrawing the currency
from the banks and issuing $300,000,000 in
legal-tender notes to supply their place. They
draw no interest and do not expand the cur-
rency. We save $18,000,000 in gold by thus
withdrawing this currency from the national
banks and furnishing legal-tender currency in
lieu of it. But I observe that a gentleman who
formerly filled the position of Secretary of the
Treasury, Robert J. Walker, said a short time
ago that if we do this the lezal tenders will
fall. Why will they fall? What is the security
for the currency of the national banks ? It is
the national Government, which is pledged to
pay those notes. And the faith of the national
Government will still be pledged to pay the
greenbacks ; and it is a fallacy to suppose that
the greenbacks will depreciate, unless wc very
greatly increase the volume of the currency in
the country.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 do not wish to inter-
rupt at bII the gentleman's train of thought;
but he made one remark in regard to which I
would like him to answer an inquiry. He said
that if we should resume specie payments it
would increase by abont thirty-three per cent,
the value of the Government bonds, and there-
fore the total weight of the debt. Admitting
that, for the sake of argument, to be true, 1
wish to ask him whether it would not also
increase the value of labor and the wages of
labor in the same proportion—whether labor-
ing men everywhere would not get the advan-
tage to the same extent as the increase which
he says would be added to the bulk of the
debt ?
Mr. ROSS. I think it would have directly
the contrary effect. If we return to specie
fiayments it reduces the value of property and
abor, it reduces the value of everything in the
country; and still the debt to be paid remains
the same. Now this is a question which I
think is very easy of comprehension.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does the gentleman
mean to say that a resumption of specie pay-
ments would increase the price offlour and other
provisions, would enhance the cost of living,
and would in that way bear heavily upon the
laboring man ?
Mr. ROSS. I think it would.
Mr. GARFIELD. In other words, flour
would cost more in gold than it costs now in
paper?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir; I did not at first under-
stand the gentleman's question ; it would cost
less; but the wages of labor would also be re-
duced. Prices would all go down together,
except bonds.
Mr. GARFIELD. And the gentletnan thinks
that it would hurt the general interests of the
poor man to have the prices of living go down
all over th^ country ?
Mr. ROSS. I do rot think it would affect
the gentleman's salary nt all unless we affect
it by act of Congress. [Laughter.] But wages
generally throughout the country would come
down very much.
Mr. GARFIELD. One other inquiry 
Mr. ROSS. I prefer to go on with what I
was saying.
Mr. Chairman, I would then take the bal-
ance of the national debt and divide it into
six, eight, or ten portions. I would provide
that this amount should be paid in the legal
currency of the country—the same in which
our individual debts are paid. The amount
taken up by taxation at the end of each year
I would destroy ; and I would continue to
issue year after year until the bonds now out
had been taken up in that way.
I would not greatly inflate the currency ;
but, sir, it may be inflated to some extent
without injury to the country. I see by the
papers published in Chicago that the ware-
nouses are filled with grain and cannot be
moved for want of capital. Wc need more
money in the country than we have. The
legitimate business of the country requires it.
Gentlemen say that an increase of the currency
will operate badly. How will it operate badly?
We know that when money is abundant im-
provements go on and business is active.
Who will be injured b^' an increase of the
currency ? Suppose that the laboring man
pays double as much for his flour and his
pork and the various necessaries of life, do
not his wages double correspondingly? And
when money is scarce improvements stop,
trade and manufactures languish, consequently
the mechanic and laborer is thrown out of
employment. It can make but little difference
to them how cheap provisions are if by strin-
gency in the money market they are thrown
out of employment and have nothing to pay
for it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to make an inquiry of my colleague.
Mr. ROSS. I will hear it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
my colleague is entirely mistaken as to the
effect of this dilution of the currency upon
the interests of labor; but I am glad that he
has put himself upon the record to-day as in
favor of diluting the currency still further.
That principle, I presume, will be the plat-
form of his party in our State. I wish to ask
my colleague what has been the effect of this
policy upon the laboring men of his district
and of my district? What do the statistics
show? They show that since we have under-
taken this system of diluting the currency,
while everything the laboring man purchases
has increased ninety-three per cent., his wages
have increased only sixty-three per cent. And
this will be the cffect all the way through. The
more th  currency is diluted the worse it will
be for the great interests of labor; and if the
gentleman wishes 
Mr. ROSS. I did not give way for a speech.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I had the
floor and yielded to my colleague [Mr. Ross]
that he might answer a question which I put to
him. Instead of returning the floor to me
he has gone on with a speech.
Mr. ROSS. I did not understand that my
colleague had the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly
I had.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois in front of the Chair [Mr. Ross] holds
the floor by the courtesy of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] and is entitled to the
remainder of that gentleman's hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I believe
I am entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's col-
league [Mr. Paine] yielded the remainder of
his hour to the gentleman from Illinois in front
of the Chair, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I was
recognized by the Chairman, and my friend
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] asked me to yield
for a motion to adjourn.
