1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, there was no
such instance, no such occurrence. The rev-
enue-cutter Mahoning did not take the district
attorney and high officials down to my district.
I will tell you what it did. It took distin-
guished Congressmen aboard and went over to
St. John's. Another revenue cutter, the Ash-
uelot, took a distinguished party of Congress-
men from Boston and went down along the
coast of Maine. They came to my town at
ten o'clock at night and left at daylight next
day. They enjoyed themselves, but there was
little profit to the service.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
Maine law was in operation I ask whether they
went over to the British provinces "to wet
their whistles?" [Laughter.] I now move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
fiejld reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No.
818, making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 18f>9, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
message 1'rom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 270) for the temporary relief
of destitute people 111 the District of Columbia.
enrolled 1sill, etc.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a joint resolution and bill of the follow-
ing titles:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. lit) directing
that the Government of Great Britain be sup-
plied with certain volumes of the Narrative of
■ the Exploring Expedition ; and
An act (H. li. No. 214) to amend 1he act
passed March 23, 18(57, entitled ''An aet sup-
plementary to an act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States, passed
March 2, 1867, and to facilitate their restora-
tion."
mrs. marian mulligan.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. ) for the relief of
Marian Mulligan, widow of Colonel James A.
Mulligan, deceased ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee 011
Invalid Pensions.
And then, on motion of Mr. MUNGEN", (at
four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ADAMS : The petition of William
McDaniel, of Laurel county, Kentucky, late
private company H, twenty-fourth regiment
Kentucky volunteer infantry, for the removal
of certain disabilities which deprive him of the
additional bounty provided by the aet of July
28, 180(5.
By Mr. ARCHER : Resolutions of citizens
of Baltimore, in relation to rights of American
citizens abroad.
By Mr. BLAIR : A memorial of 500 citizens
ot Calhoun county, Michigan, urging immedi-
ate action of Congress to remove the burden
of internal revenue taxation from the produc-
tive industries of the country.
By Mr. BLAINE: The petition ofcitizens of
Gardiner and sundry other petitions, praying
the abolition of the duty on coal imported from
the British North American provinces.
By Mr. BOUT WELL: The petitions of A.
B. Chase and others; Andrew Moody and
others ; L. W. Faulkner and others; and O.
H. Moulton and others, all relating to taxation
and expenditures.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of many
citizens of the United States residing in Chester
county, Pennsylvania, praying for a reduction
of internal taxation, an economical administra-
tion of public affairs, and such an adjustment
of the tariff laws as will secure the balancc of
trade in favor of this country.
By Mr. GARY: Resolutions of a mass meet-
ing of Germans in Cincinnati, on the necessity
of legislation for the protection of emigrants
en route to the United States.
By Mr. CHILCOTT: A joint memorial and
resolution from the Legislature of Colorado,
asking additional compensation for the survey
of the mountain regions of said Territory.
Also, a joint memorial and resolution from
the Legislature of Colorado, relative to the
military reserve at Fort Collins, in said Terri-
tory.
Also, a joint memorial from the Legislature
of Colorado, relative to an appropriation of the
public lands to said Territory, for the purpose
of constructing canals for irrigating purposes.
Also, a joint memorial and resolution from the
Legislature of the Territory of Colorado, rela-
tive to additional appropriations for the pur-
pose of erecting a penitentiary building for said
Territory.
Also, a joint memoi'ial and resolution from
the Legislature of Colorado, asking the repeal
of the fourth section of an act entitled "An act
to provide for carrying the mails of the United
States to foreign ports, and for other purposes,"
approved March 25, 18(54.
Also, a joint memorial from the Legislature
of Colorado, praying for an appropriation of
money for the erection of suitable Capitol
buildings for the use of said Territory.
Also, a joint, memorial from the Legislature
of Colorado, relative to the coining of silver in
the branch mint at Denver City, in said Ter-
ritory.
Also, a joint memorial from the Legislature
of Colorado, in relation to the Los Animos
grant.
Also, a joint memorial from the Legislature
of Colorado, relative to a subsidy of lands for
railroad purposes in said Territory.
By Mr. COBB: The petition for a post route
from Hnrlburt's Corners, Crawford county, to
Sugar Grove, Vernon county, Wisconsin.
Also, the petition for a post route from
Casseville, by way of North Andover, to
Bloomington, Grant county, Wisconsin.
Also, the petition for a post route from Ex-
celsior, by way of Brady's, to Sylvan, Richland
county, Wisconsin.
Also, the petition for a post route from Mon-
roe, by way of Twin Grove, Wisconsin, and
Duncannon, Illinois, to Dakota, Illinois.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of Mrs. Mary M. Clark, asking com-
pensation for the services of her late husband,
Leonard Clark, as guide and scout for the
Army in western Virginia.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of citizens of
Paterson, New Jersey, praying for a _reduc-
tion of the Government expenses.
By Mr. HALSET: The petition of citi-
zens of Newark, New Jersey, asking Con-
gress to reduce taxation and'appropriations.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
A memorial of Bryan Tyson, for relief.
By Mr. MuCAIl'i'HY : The petition of cit-
izens of Syiacuse, New York, for reduction
of the expenses of the Government, reduction
of taxes, and an adjustment of the tariff so
as to keep balance of trade in favor of this
country.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 1G citi-
zens of Danville, Pennsylvania, asking that
the law establishing bonded warehouses be
repealed, and the system be abolished.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition for a post route
from Kirk's Cross Roads to King's Corner.
By Mr. PRICE : The petition ofcitizens of
Cedar Rapids, asking for a reduction of taxes,
and a reduction of the Navy from one hundred
and three to thirty vessels, and of,the Army
to twenty thousand men, so that the appropri-
ations for the Army and Navy for the present
year shall not exceed $47,000,000.
By Mr. ROBERTSON -. The petition of Nes-
mith & Sons, and other shipping merchants of
the city of New Y ork, praying for the repeal of
so much of any act of Congress providing for
internal revenue as imposes any duty or tax
upon the "annual gains, profits, or income"
of the citizens of the United States.
By Mr. STONE: The petitions of James W."
Boswell and Benjamin Cooley, for relief as mail
contractors on routes from "Washington to
Rockville and Rockville to Poolesville, Mary-
land, on account of heavy additional service
in carrying mails to United States troops.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The petition of
Eli Curtis, of Birmingham, Michigan, asking
that certain religious publications may be sent
through the mails free of charge.
By Mr. TWTCHELL: The petitions of
Johanna Connolly, Louisa M. Williston, Mary
A. Falarde, and Mary Wheeler, for pensions,
and Ann Shehey, for pension and bounty.
Also, the petition of James E. Beatty, for
bounty.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
John G. Snyder and 54 others, citizens of
Ross county, Ohio, praying Congress to reduce
the war vessels now in commission in the Navy
to thirty vessels or less ; a reduction of the
Army to twenty thousand men; a reduction of
the civil service appropriation to $20,000,000 ;
naval appropriations to $12,000,000; Army
appropriations to $35,000,000 ; and to so ad-
just the revenue laws as to keep the balance
of trade with foreign countries in our favor,
and in due time furnish a specie basis for our
national currency.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 27, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petition's and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the board of common council
of the city of Washington, asking the passage
of an act to compel the mayor of the city to
pay to each member of the board of council
and board of aldermen the amount due them
for their services as such members: which
wore referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
He also presented resolutions adopted by
the national commercial convention, held in
Boston on February 8, in relation to currency
and finance, taxation, inland communication
and transportation, foreign commerce, agricul-
ture and manufactures, a national board of
trade, weights and measures, and relief to the
South; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I present the petition of
Charles H. Camplield and William Thorne
Williams, appraisers of merchandise at the port
ot Savannah, Georgia, concurred in by J.
Johnson, collector. 1 he petitioners* prayer is
that their compensation be increased. Thev
say that the salary attached to the office at that
place has not been changed since 1802. and
that-the business has increased to five times
what it was at that time, and that the compen-
sation of the appraisers ol merchandise at the
port of New York and elsewhere has been in-
creased. I hey ask that their salary may also
be increased. I move the reference of the peti-
tion to the Committee on Commerce,
The motion was agreed to.
^ Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
a memorial of honorably discharged officers of
the Army, protesting against the passage of the
bill prohibiting the payment of commutation
of officers' servants; which was referred-to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I present a memorial
of the officers of the Northern and Central
Michigan railroad, a corporation organized
