420
SUPPLEMENT TO
ing,,thathe shall, after the passage of the act,
continue and remain in offi.cz by force of the
law.. The respondent's counsel insist, how-
aver, that the real meaning of this language is
(if applicable to him) that he shall not hold the
qffiee atall!-
If, as we have, shown, when the act passed
lie 'was the Secretary of War named in and
affected by-the proviso, thp question is was he,
on .the 21st day of February, 1868, holding
.office in the same way and under the same ten-
ure that he was at the. passage of the act, which
said heshouldhold, andnotthat he shouldnot?
It is not disputed that he was. Was he then,
at the passage of the act holding his office
" during the term of the President by whom he
was appointed?" He was appointed by Pres-
ident Lincoln. Then was March 2, 1867, the
time of the passage of the act, during the term
of Mr. Lincoln, who was, so far as relates to Mr.
Stanton, the President named in the proviso?
The Constitution says the President "shall
told his office during the term of four years,"
and that the Vice President shall be " chosen
for,the same term." It creates and permits
no other term or period whatever, but provides
only, in case of death, &e., for the devolution
of "duties" or "office," not the term, upon
the Vice President.
Mr. Lincoln began a regular term on March
4, 3865, and died in April of that year, when
the office devolved on the respondent. Now,
if the respondent became thereby invested with
a constitutional " term" of Ms own as Presi-
dent, he must be in for four years from April
15, 1865, which is not pretended by any one.
Hence, he must take the office for the unex-
pired term, of Mr, Lincoln, his predecessor.
It was the office and not the term, which are
distinct things, that Mr. Lincoln held when he
died. The office did not die with him, but
survived in all its current identity and force
to his successor, the respondent, measured by
precisely the same " term" that it was before.
When, therefore, the statute speaks of "the
term of the President," it does not refer to
ownership or possession, which a man cannot
be said to have after his death, but it plainly
refers to the term for and in relation to which
that President was elected, and which, by the
Constitution, was attributed to him. A refer-
ence to any lexicon will show that this is the
principal and most frequent meaning of the
word ''of."
To claim that at the death of Mr. Lincoln
the " term" applicable to him thereby expired
and ended would be as erroneous as to claim
that the death of a tenant for a term of years
not yet cxph-ed produces un end of the term,
and that his legal representative either takes a
new term or none at all.
But it is truly said that Mr. Lincoln had a
prior term in which, in the language of coun-
sel, _ Mr. Stanton was appointed, which had
expired two years before the passage of the
law; and it is claimed that that first term is
the one named in the act, and that it meant,
therefore, that Mr. Stanton should hold for one
month after March 4, 1865, instead of one
month after March 4, 1869. The answer (if
any be needful) is that the act passed in the
middle of Mr. Lincoln's second and then ex-
isting term, and to reject that term, and apply
the words of the statute to a past and com-
pleted term, which had then no existence
either in law or fact, would be contrary not
only to any supposable intention of the law-
makers, but in direct violation of the words of
the statute, which declare that he " shall hold"
(instead of not holding) not during the term
"in which" he "may have been appointed,"
as counsel use the words, but "during the
term of the President by whom he may have
been appointed." Any other construction
would involve the gross, absurdity that Con-
gress by that act, on the 2d of March, 1867,
legislated out of office virtually, as of April 4,
1865, those Secretaries who had been appointed
by Mr. Lincoln, and intended to declare that
officers then legally holding should go out of
office tivo years before the passage of the act!
This result was sought to be avoided by the
distinguished counsel who opened the defence,
if I rightly understood him, by advancing the
idea that the proviso should be construed to
read and apply to future Secretaries, &c., and
to have no reference to the then present ones.
This is, perhaps, sufficiently answered already.
I know of no rule of construction by which that
word can be interpolated into the statute, and
if it were the proviso would be made thereby
to have no reference at all to the present Sec-
retaries, who would then fall within the very
letter and protection of the body of the section.
The proviso cannot fairly be made to take
the case out of the general clause of the sec-
tion, on the ground that this is a case therein
" otherwise provided" for, as is claimed, and
then be construed not to affect the case itself,
and to leave it under the act of 1789, on the
ground that it does not apply to the case at all 1
That would be saying that it did and did not
speak of the case.
The idea that the proviso does not speak of
the present Secretary of War arises, on the
very reasoning of those who maintain it, out
of the fallacy of confounding the subject of the
proviso, (the Secretary of War,) with what is
affirmed of that subject, thus: "What is de-
clared or affirmed in the proviso of the Secre-
tary of War is, under the circumstances, erro-
neous or non-existing; therefore nothing is de-
clared of the subject, (the Secretary of War,")
which is absurd. The second section plainly
points out, also, the only way of removal of
all officers, but with my views of the first it is
not necessary to enlarge upon.it.
It is said that this was not the intention in
fact when the law passed; and to prove this
the expression of one or two Senators, made
upon the spur and in the hurry of the moment,
arc cited. 1 dissent entirely from any such
inference, and from any such rule of interpret-
ing or administering law, as law. With the
exception of certain questions appealing to the
will of the whole law-making power, and not
necessary to be now enumerated, the body is
responsible for, and its will is found in, what
it declares in its laws, and not for, or in the
opinions of its individual members. The
Journals of the Houses, even, cannot be re-
sorted to for any such purpose. This is the
rule in all civilized countries, and is, with the
solid reasons lor it, known to every lawyer.
It is urged,-as touching in some degree the
probable intent of this proviso, that the con-
struction I have put upon it would work an
inequality in the duration of the offices of the
various Secretaries, some having been ap-
pointed by Mr. Lincoln, and some by Mr.
Johnson. If that were the effect, it could not
alter the plain construction of the law as ap-
plied to the first-named Secretaries. But no
such result follows. The evident meaning of
the word "of," used in the phrase "during
the term of the President by whom they may
have been appointed," being "relating, or
having reference to," the word u term" as
there used and applied, under the circum-
stances existing, to all the Secretaries—which
embraced both classes—related both to Mr.
Lincoln and Mr. Johnson. It related, as I
have shown, to Mr. Lincoln primarily and ex-
pressly, and it related to Mr. Johnson sub
modo, who, as Vice President, was chosen for,
and who succeeded as President for, the '' same
term," and who was. under the qualifications
of the Constitution, filling out the unexpired
term relating to Mr. Lincoln. Thus, and in
no other way, can all the words of the proviso
be made effective, and a rational and just result
be reached. It appears to me, therefore, with-
out any doubt, that the law in question covers
the case.
The act, then, prohibited the removal of
Mr. Stanton and the appointment of General
Thomas, and it declared such removal or
appointment to be a high misdemeanor, and
denounced a punishment against it.
But it is contended that, as the articles ehai-ge
not only an intentional doing of the acts for-
bidden—which the respondent admits—but
also an intent thereby to violate the law and
the Constitution—which he denies—he cannot
be found guilty unless it is also proved that
such intent existed in point of fact. I do not
understand that to .be the law, and I think no
authority for such a proposition can be found
anywhere. Certainly the cases cited by the
counsel for the respondent do not maintain it,
unless it be conceded that the discretion therein
spoken of as existing in the course of exercis-
ing constitutional executive powers, or author-
ity delegated by law, means a discretion to
decide what powers are executive, and what
authority is delegated, in spite of the Constitu-
tion that measures and defines the powers, and
the law that confers the authority; a propo-
sition so contrary to justice and reason and so
subversive of government that it carries its
own refutation.
The philosophy and experience of ages con-
cur in the propriety of the maxim that "ig-
norance of the-law excuseth no man." For
obvious reasons a government of laws could
not exist if any man or officer were to be left
to put his own construction upon, or to form
and act upon his own views of the validity of
the laws framed for the benefit and protection
of all. Every citizen, either in or out of office,
acts in the peril of the law. If the respondent
really believed that this case was not within
the act of Congress, or that the act was uncon-
stitutional, he could do what he did at the risk
of being condemned if he proved to be wrong,
or of being justified if he proved to be right,
in the judgment of the tribunal of last resort
before which he might be brought for trial,
and to which tribunal, the same Constitution,
which he claims the right to judge of for him-
self, has committed by express command the
high duty to try him for such acts, upon the
same principles of law, impartial and immu-
table, as apply to the humblest citizen in the
land.
In general, it is only when the motive or
intention is an element in the description or
definition of the very act forbidden that it be-
comes material on the trial of a person accused
of crime. Murder, larceny, and robbery, like
the case cited by Mr. Bvarts, are instances of
this kind. Treason, violations of the fugitive
slave laws, and the liquor laws, are illustrations
of the other class of cases, which embraces so
much of this one as relates to removal and ap-
pointment, the unlawful doing of which the
statute declares to be a misdemeanor, and
punishes as such. All that is required in such
cases is the voluntary commission of the act
forbidden. An erroneous belief that it was
lawful is no defense. Upon this all writers
upon criminal law, all decisions, all systems
of jurisprudence, and the practice of all coun-
tries, agree. It is true that the morally inno-
cent sometimes suffer from this necessary rule,
but in such cases the hardship necessary to the
stability of society is usually mitigated by a
remission of penalties.
In this ease there is no penalty in the legal
or constitutional sense to be inflicted by this
tribunal. Punishment by impeachment does
not exist under our Constitution. The accused
cannot thereby be deprived of life, liberty, or
property. He can only be removed from the
office he fills and prevented from holding office,
not as a punishment, but as a means merely
of protection to the community against the
danger to be apprehended from having a crim-
inal in office. It merely does what the re-
spondent himself claims the power to do, at his
own pleasure, in respect to Mr. Stanton and
every other officer in the land. The only dif-
ference is that this body does it under oath,
upon a trial, under an authority expressly
conferred, while the respondent claims it and
has done it without any such sanctions of jus-
tice and at his mere will.
The "indictment, trial, judgment, and pun-
ishment" of the respondent are, by the Con-
stitution, expressly reserved to the ordinary
criminal courts.
It has been said that there is injustice in
condemning an officer for infractions of law
