THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
committed under the supposition that they
were legal acts. There may be hardship, but
there can be no injustice, in vindicating the
supremacy of the law. We do' not make the
law, we only adjudge what it is. It is the law
that speaks to the offender through us, and
the same law imposes upon us the duty to
declare it. Were it material, however, to in-
quire into the motive and purposes of the re-
spondent in these transactions, it would be an
easy task to show that they are not above crit-
icism, resting, as they seem to do, upon his
dislike to a system of laws which he wished to
overthrow, but which the Secretary was un-
willing to assist in. It is enough, for the
present, to say that if the respondent be legally
guilty, to acquit him upon any such grounds
as are claimed would be to sanction a disre-
gard of law and to invite him, as well as future
Presidents, to try more forcible and dangerous
experiments upon the Government, instead of
teaching the great lesson that, in some form,
all nations must learn at last, that its highest
officers ought to be most careful and scrupu-
lous in the observance of its laws.
I conclude, then, that the intents charged in
these three articles are either immaterial or
such as the law conclusively infers from the
acts proved, although I should have no hesita-
tion in finding, as a matter of fact, that in the
removal of Mr. Stanton the respondent did
intend to violate the act of March 2, 1867, if
not the Constitution. While it is probable that
he and many of the heads of Departments
thought at the time the act passed, as did some
members of Congress, that the Secretaries
appointed by Mr. Lincoln were not within it,
I am fully satisfied that, either upon or without
advice, he thought, when he suspended Mr.
Stanton in August, 1867, and has since thought,
that the statute covered the case. His conduct
is, to my mind, reconcilable with no other
hypothesis. He had then determined (as he says
himself) that he could no longer tolerate Mr.
Stanton in the office; yet, instead of removing
him, as he had, if he acted with a view to the
faithful execution of the laws, a perfect legal
right to do under the act of 1789, if the act of
March 2, 1867, did not protect him, he sus-
pended him, as that act permitted, designated
another to act, for which designation, upon a
suspension, there was no pretense or color of
law saveihatsame act, and reported his action
to the Senate within the time and in the man-
ner required by it. And, as he now claims,
he also took these and subsequent steps, in
order to test in the courts the validity of this
law, which he believed to invade the constitu-
tional rights of the Executive, and which he
was, therefore, bound to test judicially. If
lie thought the case was not within the law,
why did he not remove Mr. Stanton in August?
And how could he think that the case could
be made to try the validity of a law that did
not apply to it?
But the respondent insists that, although the
law may be valid and cover the case, inasmuch
as his act of dismissal of Mr. Stanton was
illegal and void, it was no removal of Mr.
Stanton, and no violation ofthe law prohibit-
ing removals. If this novel notion could be
popularized into all criminal trials it would be
of vast benefit to offenders. The result would
be that, as no act in violation of law changes
the rights of innocent persons, all such acts
must lie guiltless, because void. The statute
does not forbid or punish legal acts of re-
moval, (it would be strange if it did,) but
illegal ones like this, which, so far as anything
the respondent could do, was complete ; for,
had it been legal, Mr. Stanton by that act
alone would have been out of office. The
respondent's position, putin the forms of logic,
would stand thus: the statute punishes all
removals: illegal removals are void and not
removals at all: therefore the statute punishes
no illegal removals.
It has been made a question, in respect to
the appointment of Thomas, (supposing Mr.
Stanton had been lawfully removed so as to
create a vacancy,) whether that appointment
was lawful. No power for that appointment
is claimed under the Constitution ; but the act
of 1795 is relied upon as authority for it. It
is so if it be still in force; but it seems clear
to my mind, after a careful investigation of
the three acts on the same subject, and the
decisions of courts upon analogous questions,
that the act of 1863 is a substitute for both the
acts of 1792 and 1795, and that it was intended
to take the place of both these acts entirely.
In statutes, as in contracts, the intention of
the framers, drawn from the words of the acts
and the facts to which they apply, and under
which they were made, is the pole star of con-
struction.
The act of 1792 applied to cases of "death,"
"absence," and "sickness," in the three then
existing Departments, and provided for tem-
porary appointment, without limitation as to
the choice of persons, till the cause therefor
should cease.
The act of 1795 provided in the same way for
cases of "vacancy" in the same three Depart-
ments only, but limited the supply to six
months. Ihese might happen in four modes,
as the law then stood: by death, expiration
of term, removal from office, and resignation.
The act of 1863 covered all the Departments,
and described two cases of vacancy, those by
death and by resignation, and also sickness and
absence, and required the temporary service to
be performed by some officer of some Depart-
ment other than the one in which the case
might arise, and for six months only. The
last act, therefore, is on the same subject as
both the former ones, and changes the provis-
ions of each. It provides for all the classes
of cases embraced in both those acts, though
not for every instance in each class, and it re-
quires a totally different and restricted method
of supply. It is impossible to imagine any
reason for requiring a vacancy caused by death
or resignation, both of which must be inde-
pendent of the President's will, and fortuitous
as to him, to be supplied in a particular and
limited manner, while a vacancy caused by re-
moval at the will of the President, or expira-
tion of term, neither of which could be fortu-
itous, should be left to be filled at the mere
pleasure of the President, without anyguard or
limitation whatever. It. must be presumed,
therefore, that the intention was to substitute
a more carefully guarded and limited system
in the place of the old one, and not to allow
vacancies made by the law or the will of the
President to be so filled. This is made the
more probable when we consider that even
this is going to the utmost verge of legislative
power in such cases.
The law upon the subject of repeals, by im-
plication, is well summed up by the supreme
court of Massachusetts, in Bartlett vs. King,
(12 Mass., 563,) as follows :
"A subsequent statute revising the whole subject-
matter of a former one, and evidently intended as a
substitute for it, although it contains no express
words to that effect, must, on the principles of law,
as well as in reason and common sense, operate to
repeal the former."
And in Leighton vs. Walker (9 N. H., 61,)
it is decided that—
"When the design to revise a statute clearly ap-
pears the former statutes are to be considered as no
longer in force, though not expressly repealed."
I am of opinion, therefore, that the respond-
ent is guilty as charged in the first three articles.
There is another view of this removal and ap-
pointment not necessary, as I construe the law,
to a decision, but which is of too much im-
portance to be passed by in silence. It is this,
whether, if the case stood upon the acts^ of
1789 and 1795 alone, one of which authorizes
a removal at pleasure, and the other an appoint-
ment ad interim, the respondent can justify his
conduct upon the evidence before us. The
inducing and controlling motive of these acts
of the respondent was displeasure because the
Secretary of War was not so subservient to him
in his avowed and determined opposition to
the laws of the land respecting the southern
States as some oilier heads of Departments :
and the undisputed design of the respondent,
in Ms efforts to displace Mr. Stanton, was to
replace Mm by some one more pliant to his
wishes and less earnest in his administration
of the laws. This was the "harmony" desired
in the " Cabinet." These were the "public
considerations of a high character'' which made
Mr. Stanton's resignation desirable to tbe
respondent, and which have led him to commit
the acts appearing in the evidence.
The case, then, is the removal of a faithful
officer, neither accused nor suspected of any
other wrong than adherence to the doty the law
imposed upon him, because of that faithfulness
and adherence to duty, by a President of the
United States who was determined thereby to
counteract and defeat the law, because he be-
lieved or professed to believe in a different
"policy" of his own I In my opinion no
higher crime, no graver violation of constitu-
tional duty, no act more dangerous to law or
to the liberties of the nation can be found
within the reach of the Executive. Surely
the opinion of Mr. Madison, so much referred
to by the counsel, cannot be questioned on this
point. He says:
"The danger, then, consists merely in this: The
President can displace from office a man whose merits
require that he should be continued in it; what will
be the motive which the President can have for such
abuse of his power and the authority that operates
to prevent it? In the first place he will be impeach-
able by the House for such an act of maladministra-
tion," &c.—Aiiiuds of Congress, VI, p. 517.
It is, perhaps, proper m this connection that
I should say expressly, what is implied in what
I have stated, that I entirely disagree with the
doctrine advanced in the argument, that we
may find the respondent guilty although the
statute he has violated affecting his rights is
itself a nullity, and in violating it he has only
done what the Constitution, the supreme law,
permitted. If such be the law the Constitu-
tion, instead of being a guard, guide, and
warning to officers, is a snare.
The fourth article is denied by the answer,
and I do not think that it is proved.
The fifth article charges an unlawful con-
spiracy to prevent the execution of the act of
March 2, 18G7, and an unlawful attempt to
prevent Mr. Stanton from holding the office.
The conspiracy is denied, but the act is ad-
mitted, with a claim of its legality. This article
is, I think, embodied within the same princi-
ples as the first, and I am of opinion, upon the
grounds already stated, that the respondent is
guilty; for, although the mere attempt to do
an unlawful act is not within the penal section
of that act, I think that an attempt to commit
an unlawful act of such grave character as this,
is in law, a high misdemeanor.
The Supreme Court, of the United States
(United States rs. Quincy, 6 Pet., 465) has
correctly defined a criminal attempt as follows:
"To attempt to do ail act does not, either in law or
in common parlance, imply the completion of the act
or any definite progress toward it. Any effort or
endeavor to cffect it will satisfy the terms of the law."
The sixth and seventh articles allege a con-
spiracy to seize (the sixth) by force, (the
seventh,) unlawfully, the War Department,
property, &c. This is denied by the answer.
It seems to be properly conceded by the de-
fense, even if the respondent, had a lawful right
to remove Mr. Stanton and to appoint General
Thomas, that if that right was in honest dis-
pute he could not justify resorting to force in-
stead of the law to dispossess an officer from
an office which he had legally held, and which
he still claimed in good faith to hold legally.
The question, then, on this article is purely
one of fact. Did the respondent, upon the
facts proved, and what we may lawfully notice
of public history in connection with those facts,
combine with Thomas to get possession of the
War Office at the expense of resorting to vio-
lence, or physical power, if that should be
needful to reach the result ? At the expense
of repetition, to a certain extent, I will state
the case upon this question. It is matter of
history that prior to the .July session of Con-
gress in 1807, the opposition of the respond-
ent to the laws relating to the rebel States was
so great that every obstacle that legal inge
