1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be a further increase of legal-tender notes.
Witness the following clause ol'the loan act of
June 30, 1SG4:
"Skc. i." * * "Provided, That the
total amount of bonds and Treasury notes authorized
by the first and second sections of this act shall not
exceed $100,000,000 in addition to the amounts here-
tofore issued; nor shall the total amount of Uni-
ted States notes, issued or to bo issued, ever exceed
$400,000,000, and such additional sum, not exceeding
$50,000,000, as may be temporarily required for the
redemption of temporary loan."
Here is a solemn pledge to the public cred-
itors, a compact with them, that the Govern-
mentwiil never issue iion-iiiterest-paying notes
beyond the sum total of $450,000,000. When
the war ended, the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
adopting the views of its predecessors on this
Subject, regarded the legal-tender currency a
part of the war machinery, and proceeded to
reduce and withdraw it in the same manner iu
which the Army and Navy and other accom-
paniments of the War were reduced. Ninety-
Jive gentlemen who now occupy seats in this
Hall were members of this House on the 18th
of December, 1865, when it was resolved by a
vote of 144 yeas to 6 nays—
"That this House cordially eoneurs in the viows
of the Secretary of the Treasury in relation to the
necessity of a contraction of the currency with a
view to as early a resumption of specie payments as
the business interests of the country will permit;
and we hereby pledge cooperative action to this end
as speedily as piaetieable.''
Since the passage of that resolution the cur-
rency has been reduced by an amount less than
one sixth of its volume, and what magic won-
ders have been wrought in the opinions of
members of this House and among the finan-
cial philosophers of the country? A score of
honorable gentlemen have exhausted their elo-
quence in singing the praises of greenbacks.
They insist that, at the very least, Congress
should at once set the printing presses in mo-
tion to restore the $70,000,000 of national
treasure so ruthlessly reduced to ashes by the
incendiary torch of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Another, claiming that this would be
a poor and meager offering to the offended
paper god, introduces a bill to print and issue
§140,000,000 more. The philosopher of Lewis-
  ton, the Democratic Representative of the ninth
district of Illinois, [Mr. IJoss,] thinks that a
new issue of $700,000,000 will for the present
meet the wants of the country. Another, per-
ceiving that the national bank notes are divid-
ing the honors with greenbacks, proposes to
abolish these offending corporations and, in
lieu of their notes, issue §300,000,000 in green-
backs, and thus increase the active circulation
by over one hundred millions, the amount now
held as bank reserves; and finally the Demo-
cratic masses of tiie West are rallying under
the leadership of the coming man, the young
statesman of Cincinnati, who proposes to can-
cel with greenbacks the $1,500,000,000 of five-
twenty bonds, and with his election to the Pres-
idency usher in the full millennial glory of
paper money! And this is the same George
H. Pendleton, who denounced as unconstitu-
tional the law which authorized the first issue
of greenbacks, and concluded an elaborate
speech against the passage of the bill in 1862
with these words:
"You send these notes out into the world stamped
with irredeemability. You put on them the mark of
Cam, and, like Cain, they will go forth to be vaga-
bonds and fugitives on the earth. What, then, wili be
th e consequence ? It requires no propliot to tell what
.will be their history. The currency will be expanded;
pi ices will be inflated; fixed values will depreciate;
incomes will be diminished; the savings of the poor
will vanish; the hoardings of the widow will melt
away; bonds, mortgages, and notes, everything of
fixed value, will lose their value; everything of
changeable value will be appreciated; the necessa-
ries of lit'c will rise in value.'' a * * * "Con-
traction will follow. Private ruin and public bank-
ruptcy, either with or without repudiation, will
inevitably follow."
ee il cause oi" tiie reaction.
The chief cause of this new-born zeal for
paper money is the same as that which led a
member of the Con linen tal Congress to exclaim:
" Do you think, gentlemen, that I will consent to
load my constituents with taxes when we can send
to the printer and get a wagon load of money, one
quire of which will pay for the whole!"
The simple fact in the case is that Congress
went resolutely and almost unanimously for-
ward in the policy of gradual resumption of
specie payments, and a return to the old stand-
ard of values, until the pressure offalling prices
and hard times began to be felt; andnow many
are shrinking from the good work they have
undertaken, are turning , back from the path
they so worthily resolved to pursue, and are
asking Congress to plunge the nation deeper
than ever into the abyss from which it has been
struggling so earnestly to escape. Did any re-
flecting man suppose it possible for the country
to return from the high prices, the enormous
expansion of business, debt, and speculation
occasioned by the war, without much depres-
sion and temporary distress ? The wit of man
has never devised a method by which the vast
commercial and industrial interests of a nation
can suffer the change from peace to war, and
from war back to peace, without hardship and
loss. The homely old maxim, "What goes up
must come down," applies to our situation
with peculiar force. The " coming down" is
inevitable. Congress can only break the fall
and mitigate its evils by adjusting the taxation,
the expenditures, and the currency of the
country, to the changed conditions of affairs.
This it is our duty to do with a firm and
steady hand.
Much of this work has already been done.
Our national expenditures have been very con-
siderably reduced, but the work of retrench-
ing expenditures can go and should go much
further. Very many, perhaps too many, of
our national taxes have been removed. But
if this Congress shall consent to break down the
dikes, and let in on the country a new flood of
paper money for the temporary relief of busi-
ness, we shall see all the evils of our present
situation return after a few months with re-
doubled force.
It is my clear conviction that the most for-
midable danger with which the country is now
threatened is a large increase in the volume
of paper money.
ouk past experience—colonial paper.
Shall we learn nothing from experience?
Shall the warnings of the past be unheeded?
What other nation has so painfully spelled out,
letter by letter and word by word, the terrible
meaning ofirredeemable paper money, whether
known by the name of colonial bills, conti-
nental currency, or notes of dishonored banks?
Most of the colonies had suffered untold evils
from depreciated paper before the Revolution.
Massachusetts issued her first bills of credit
in 1090 to meet a war debt, and after sixty
years of vain and delusive efforts to make worth-
less paper serve the purposes of money, found
her industry perishing under the weight of col-
1 ony bills equal in nominal value to $11,000,000,
which, though made a legal tender and braced
up by the severest laws, were worth but twelve
per cent, of their face; and under the lead
of Hutchinson, a far-sighted and courageous
statesman, in 1750, resumed specie payment,
canceled all her bills, and by law prohibited
the circulation of paper money within her bor-
ders and made it a crime punishable by a fine
of £100 for any Governor to approve any bill
to make it a legal tender.
For the next quarter of a century Massachu-
setts enjoyed the blessings of a sound currency.
Rhode island clung to the delusion manyyears
longer. More than one hundred pages of Ar-
nold's history of that Colony are devoted to
portraying the distress and confusion resulting
from this cause alone. The history of every
Colony that issued bills is a repetition of the
same sad story.
continental curp.exct.
The financial history of the Revolution is
too familiar to need repetition here, but there
are points in that history, of which an American
Congress cannot, be too often reminded. No-
where else were all the qualities of irredeem-
able pqper money so fully exhibited. From
the first emission of $2,000,000, in 1775, till
the last in 1781, when $360,000,000 had been
issued, there appeared to be a purpose, perpetu-
ally renewed but always broken, to restrict the
amount and issue no more. l£ach issue was to
be the last. But notwithstanding the enor-
mous volume reluctantly put in circulation, otic
fathers seemed to believe that its value could
be kept up b.v legislation. They denounced in
resolutions of Congress the first depreciation
of these bills as the work of enemies; and in
January, 1776, resolved—
"That if any person shall hereafter be so lost to
all virtue and regard for his country as to refuse
to receive said bills in payment, &c., ho shall be
treated as an enemyand precluded from all trade or
intercourse with the inhabitants of these Colonies."
But they found before the struggle ended
that the inexorable laws of value were above
human legislation; that resolutions cannot nul-
lify the truths of the multiplication table.
The bills passed nearly at par until the issues
exceeded nine millions. At the end of 1776
they were worth seventy-five per cent, of their
nominal value ; at the end of 1777, twenty-five ;
at the end of 1778, sixteen; at the end or 1779,
two and a half; and at the end of 1780 they
were worth but one cent on the dollar. Four
months later $500 in continental bills were
selling for one dollar in specic. Peletiah Web-
ster, in 1790, said:
"The fatal eiror that the credit and currency of
continental money eould be kept up and supported
by acts of compulsion, entered so deep into the minds
of Congress and all departments of administration
through the States, that no consideration of justice,
religion, or policy, or oven experience of itg_ titter
inctlieieney, could eradicate it; it seeiaed a kind of
obstinate deliiium, totally deaf to every argument
drawn from justice and right, from its natural ten-
dency and mischief, and from common justice, and
even liom common sense." * "This
ruinous principle was continued in practice for five
successive years, and appeared in nil shapes and
forms, i. e„ legal-tender acts, limitation of prices,
in awiul and threatening declarations, and in penal
laws." * * * '■ "jVIfiny thousand fami-
lies of full and easy fortune were ruined by these
fatal measures, and lie in ruins to-day, (1790.) with-
out tile least benefit to the country or to the great
and noble cause iu which they were then engaged."
In summing up the evils of the continental cur-
rency, after speaking of the terrible hardships
of the war, the destruction of property by the
enemy, who at times during its progress held
eleven out of the thirteen State capitals, Mr.
Webster, who had seen it all, said;
" Yet these evils were not as great as these which
were caused by continental money and the conse-
quent irregularities of the tinancial system. We have
suffered from this cause more than irom every other
cause of calamity; itlias killed more men; pervaded
and corrupted the choicest interests of our country
more, and done niore injustico than even the arms
and artifices of our enemies."
But let it never be forgotten that the fathers
of the Revolution saw, at last, the fetal error
into which they had fallen, and even in the
midst of their great trials restored to the young
nation then struggling for its existence its
standard of value, its basis for honest and
honorable industry.
In 1781 Robert Morris was appointed Super-
intendent of Finance. He made a return to
specie payments the condition of his accept-
ance ; and on the 22d of May Congress de-
clared " That the calculation of the expenses
of the present campaign shall be made in solid
coin;" and—
"That experience having evinced the inetficiency
of all attempts to support the credit of paper inoney
by compulsory acts, it is recommended to such Stntes
where laws milking paper bills a tender yet exist to
repeal the same."
Thus were the financial interests of the nation
rcscucd from dishonor and utter ruin.
paper monkr al-'thr till', revolution.
The state of the currency from the close of
the war to the establishment of the Government
under the Constitution was most deplorable.
The separate States had been seized with the
mania for paper money, and were rivaling each
other in the extravagance of their issues and
the rigor of their iinnncial laws. One by ouq
they were able, at last, to conquer the evils into
which paper tnoney had plunged them. In
1TSG James Madison wrote from Richmond, to
General Washington, the joyful nemihtxt the
Virginia Legislature had, by a majority of 84
to J 7, voted—
" Paper money unjast, impolitic, destruCtiYCofpuV
