*8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
(at three o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
■under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOUTWELL: The petition of
Chauncey L. Knapp and others, citizens of
Massachusetts, asking for an increase of the
compensation paid to jurors.
• Also, the petition of P. L. Moen and 150
Others, of Worcester, Massachusetts; of Mer-
ritt Gibson and 30 others, of Eden township,
Iowa; of Samuel Spearing and 70 others, of
Jacksonville, Florida ; and William Howland
and 41 others, of Cayuga county, New York,
asking for the impeachment of Andrew John-
son.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of A. B.
Rowden.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of
Henry Jenks asking compensation for services
as collector of internal revenue in the sixth
district of Ohio.
Bt Mr. EGGLESTON: The memorial of
J. M. Dair, of Ohio, praying an amendment to
the law in regard to the shrinkage on whisky.
By Mr. FERRY: The petitions of John W.
Dunn, Giles Townsend, Sylvester Chase, Frank
C. Dillenback, and 48 others, praying for the
passage of the "soldiers' equalization bounty
law" making up $300 bounty for each inan
irrespective of local bounties.
By Mr. GARFIELD: A communication
from Major General J. C. Fremont, asking the
passage of a bill giving pay to his staff.
By Mr. HULBURD: The petition of John
Mills, of Franklin county, New York, for a
pension.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of S. F. Ben-
nett and others, for a pension to Owen Griffin,
of Delavan, Wisconsin.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of clerks
in the quartermaster's department for increase
ofjpay.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The resolution of the
central committee of the Republican party of
Louisiana, praying Congress to intervene and
gave the loyal people of that State from "the
step backward to slavery and rebel rule,'' aris-
ing from General Hancock's revocation of the
order of his predecessor, General Sheridan,
ia relation to juries.
Also, the petition of Samuel J. Matthews,
of Arkansas, praying to be relieved from his
disability under the laws relating to recon-
struction of the rebel States.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 9, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Paymaster General
of the United States Army, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 5th instant, the proceedings and findings
of the board to investigate the circumstances
of the robbery of Major Glenn at Fort Bois6,
Idaho; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Attorney General, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
6th instant, a list of the assistant district attor-
neys appointed in the several districts of the
United States, and the amount of salary paid
them; which was ordered to lie on the taole,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 2d instant, information in relation to
the withholding of a part of the salary of judges
of the courts of the United StateB for taxes;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
I printed.
I He also laid before the Senate a report of
j the Secretary of the Treasury, in compliance
! with a resolution of the 6th instant, in relation
to the transfer of appropriations and the use
of unexpended balances; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
LAWS OF DAKOTA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate copies of the general laws, memo-
rials, and resolutions of the Territory of
Dakota, passed at the sixth session of the
Legislative Assembly, begun and held at Yank-
ton, the capital of the Territory, on Monday,
December 4, 1866, and concluded January 12,
1867; which were referred to the Committee on
Territories.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
j the Senate resolutions of the Legislature of
! Maine in favor of impartial suffrage in all the
j States of the Union, for annulling the present
i State governments of the recent rebel States,
| and the adoption of the necessary steps for
! instituting loyal State governments; which
! were read, ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition
of John C. Evans, for compensation for ser-
vices rendered as assistant assessor of the first
division first district of South Carolina; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of William J.
Clark, for compensation for services as assist-
ant assessor of internal revenue of the second
division first district of South Carolina; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I present resolutions of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts in favor of
such assistance to the Northern Pacific rail-
road as will insure its immediate construction
and completion. It is customary that resolu-
tionsfrom Legislatures of Statesshouldberead.
I do not ask that these should be read, but I
move that, they be referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and I trust that my
friend the chairman of that committee will take
notice of that.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of James
Narcom, now of Norfolk, in Virginia, and for-
merly mayor of Edenton, in North Carolina,
in which he sets forth certain losses of his that
occurred by the destruction of his property by
United States troops. He sets forth the cir-
cumstances, and also that he  U the time was
a very strong Union man. The petition is
vouched by papers and certificates signed by
leading citizens and by officers of the United
States. Of ceurse this belongs to a very large
class of cases, being claims made by Union citi-
zens for losses that occurred through the action
of our troops. I do not undertake to express
any opinion in advance on the question, but'I
move the reference of this opinion to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the memorial of
sundry citizens, stockholders and bondholders
of the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad
Company, who petition Congress in behalf of
that company, setting forth a grievance to which
they are now subject through a hasty act of
legislation by Congress, and askingfor a remedy,
as follows:
" Your memorialists therefore, pray that Congress
may declare, by joint resolution or otherwise,' that
nothing contained in the act of Congress approved
July 3,1866, relating to the Union Pacific railway,
eastern division, shall deprive the central branch
Union Pacific Railroad Company (assignee of the
Uannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company) of its
right to continue its road westerly from the terminus
of the one hundred miles specified in the act of Con-
gress incorporating the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. approved July 1.1862, to a connection with the
Union Pacific'railroad as one of the branches thereof;
but said central branch Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall continue its road westerly from the termi-
nation of the one hundred miles aforesaid to a con-
nection with the Union Paoifio railroad at the one
hundredth meridian of longitude upon the same
terms and conditions in all rospeets as are now pro-
vided for the construction of the Union Pacific rail-
road.'"
This memorial is signed by Erastns Cor-
ning, of Albany ; William C. Wetmore, John
A. Stewart, William Butler Duncan, C. S. Par-
sons, Henry Day, Wm. H. Scott, and Effing-
ham H. Nichols, of New York; Nathaniel
Thayer, George S. Hale, Wm. Clallin, R. M.
Pomeroy, and J. W. Brooks, of Boston;
and E. B. Phillips, of Chicago. I move the
reference of this memorial to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I am requested to present
a petition for the repeal of the tax on cotton,
said to be one hundred and fifty-six feet long
and to contain about ten thousand signatures.
I move its reference to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
S. R. Franklin, commodore United States
Navy, praying to be restored to his original
position on the Navy Register; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Alexander
W. Foster, praying the passage of a law regu-
lating the election of Representatives in Con-
gress so as to secure the rights of minorities ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, papers in relation to the claim of John
A. Wilcox, of the fourth United States cav-
alry, for compensation for Government funds
stolen from him on the 15th of February, 1867 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of Hannah Tyndall, Han-
nah Lewis, and Susan Phipie, praying that the
widows and orphans of seamen, marines, sail-
ors, and others serving in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States may receive the Same benefits as are
now enjoyed by relatives of soldiers as regards
bounty; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
citizens of Oberlin, Ohio, praying legislation
to secure to woman equal suffrage with man in
the District of Columbia, and wherever the
jurisdiction of Congress extends ; which was
referred to th6 Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington city, District of Columbia,
praying a charter for the purpose of locating
and building a railroad from the city of Wash-
ington by Brookville and Oweing's Mills to
intersect the Northern Central railroad at or
near Freeland, near the Pennsylvania State
line; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Elenora
B. Watkins. of Maryland, praying that her
pension be allowed from 1840, at the time of
her husband's death, he having been a captain
in the revolutionary army; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLEY presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Norfolk, Virginia, for the
repeal of the present tax on cotton; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of James
R. Lowe, late consul to Tehuantepec, Mexico,
for compensation on account of losses and
expenses incurred in being prevented by rea-
son of the disturbed condition of the republic
of Mexico from reaching his place of desti-
nation after proceeding a portion of the way
by the- usually traveled route; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of
Lois Clark, daughter of Abraham Lawrence,
deceased, who was a soldier in the revolution-
ary war, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. DRAKE presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri,
for additional compensation for carrying the
mail on post route No. 10686, in the State of
