2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1%
lie find private confidence, and of-that virtue which
is cue basis of republican government."
The paper money of Massachusetts was the
chief cause of Shay's rebellion. The paper
money of Rhode Island kept that State for
several years from coming into the Union.
Nearly halfa century afterwards, Daniel Web-
ster, reviewing the financial history of the
period now under consideration, said:
"From the close of the war to the timeof the adop-
tion oi this Constitution, as I verily believe, the peo-
ple suffered as much, except in loss of life, from the
disordered state of the currency and the prostration
of commerce and busin ess as they suite red during the
war."
With such au experience, it is not wonderful
that the framers of our Constitution should
have undertaken to protect their descendants
from the evils they had themselves endured.
PROVISIONS 01' THE CONSTITUTION IN REFERENCE TO
I'Al'KR MONEY.
. By reference to the Madison Papers, volume
three, pages 1843-6, it will be seen that in the
first draft of the Constitution there was a clause
giving Congress the power " to borrow money
and emit bills on the credit of the United
States."
On the lGth of August, 1787, duriug the final
revision, Gouverneur Morris moved to strike
out the clause authorizing the emission of bills.
Mr. Madison declared that he voted to strike
it out so as to "cut off the pretext for a paper
currency, and particularly for making the bills
a tender either for public or private debts."
Mr. Ellsworth " thought this a favorable time
to shut and bar the door against paper money.
The mischief of the various experiments which
had been made were now fresh in the public
mind and had excited the disgust of all the
respectable part of America." Mr. Iiead
"thought that the words, if not struck out,
would be as alarming as the mark of the Beast
in Revelation."' Mr. Langdon had rather
reject the whole "plan than retain the three
-words 'and emit bills.' "
The clause was stricken out by a vote of nine
States to two. Twelve days later Roger Sher-
man, remarking that " this is a favorable crisis
for crushing paper money," moved "to pro-
hibit the States from emitting bills of credit, or
making anything but gold and silver coin a
tender in payment of debts." This clause was
placed in the Constitution by a vote of eight
States to two. Thus our fathers supposed they
had protected us against the very evil which
now afflicts the nation.
TIH'j EXPERIENCE OF GREAT 11RITAIN.
The doctrines which I am advocating in
reference to the evils of an inconvertible cur-
rency are strongly corroborated by the finan-
cial experience of Great Britain. One of the
ablest of English writers on finance thus sums
up the history of panics and commercial dis-
tress :
"From the undue or unnecessary increase of tho
currency, which could not take place if the whole
were metallic, we have the origin and sole cause of
general speculation and overtrading, which proceed
withits increase, and in their progress demand or
require new additions to the circulation and credit;
and from this consequent facility of obtaining credit,
may far outstrip the actual increase of the currency,
a state of things thatcannotbeprolonged beyond the
safety of the bank, which again depends on the stock
of her treasure. The issues arc then contracted;
this is followed by the contraction of the country cir-
culation, credit is destroyed, and suddenly our mar-
ket assumes the appearance of low prices, overpro-
duction, or indefinite supply. If this principle is ap-
plied to tho contraction of our currency in 1815 and
1816, with the low prices that followed; its extension
in 1817 and 1818, and the general speculation, over-
trading, and high prices thatsucceeded; and again to
its contraction in 1819,1820,1821, and 1822, and the
general complointof abundance of foreign and home
products, and low prices that continued through these
years; and lastly, to the increase of the currency in
1821 and part of 1825 with the accompanying rage of
speculation, overtrading, and high prices that fol-
lowed, we see the establishment of tho principle in
all its forms."—Mmket on Money, p. 182.
NECESSITY OF A SETTLED POLICY.
To review briefly the ground traveled over;
we have seen that the hard times and depres-
sion of business which the country is now suf-
fering was caused in the first instance by the
great industrial revolution which grew out of
the war, and that its evils have been aggravated
and are in danger of being indefinitely con-
tinued by the unsettled condition of our_ cur-
rency and by the uncertainty of congressional
legislation; that we have not now, and, without
decisive legislation, cannot have a fixed stand-
ard of value, and therefore all trade and busi-
ness are at the mercy of political sensations
and business intrigues, the evils of which fall
heaviest upon the laboring man; that the great-
est financial danger which threatens us is that
some of the schemes now before Congress
may result in a large increase of irredeemable
paper money, for which there can be no defense
except such an overwhelming necessity as
compelled Congress to use it, in the moment
of supreme peril, to save the life of the nation ;
that history is full of warnings against such a
policy ; that during our colonial period, during
the war of the Revolution, and after the war,
our fathers tested and practically exploded the
very theories now in vogue respecting paper
money, and attempted so to frame the Consti-
tution as to shield us from the calamities they
suffered; and finally, that these views are fully
confirmed by the financial history of England.
From these considerations it appears to me
that the first step toward a settlement of our
financial and industrial affairs should be to
adopt and declare to the country a fixed and
definite policy, so that industry and enterprise
may bo based upon confidence; so that men
may know what to expect from the Govern-
ment; and, above all, that the course of busi-
ness may be so adjusted that it shall be gov-
erned by the laws of trade, and not by the
caprice of any man or of any political party in
or out of Congress.
WHAT HAS THE FORTIETH CONGRESS DONE IN REFER-
ENCE TO THIS SUBJECT?
Thus far, nothing has been done, except to
abandon the policy which we have been pur-
suing for the past two years. By joint resolu-
tion of January 10, it was ordered that there
should be no further contraction of the currency;
but the Committee of Ways and Means not
only did not indicate what policy they should
recommend, but they gave no reasons for the
measure they rl^orted, nor did they allow any
debate or question by others. I voted against
that resolution, not because I was in favor of
continuing without change the policy we were
then pursuing, but because I believed, as has
since been manifest, that a large party in this
House intended not, to stop there, but to make
that resolution the first step toward inflation.
Against that policy I made the only protest
left to me, by voting against the first measure
in the programme.
THE CONTRACTION POLICY.
That contraction of the currency tended to-
ward specie payments, few will deny; but that
there were serious evils connected with it, is
also manifest. The element of uncertainty was
the chief evil. It was never known whether
the Secretary of the Treasury would use the
power placed in his hands, during any given
month, or not; and the stringency caused by
contraction was always anticipated and gen-
erally exaggerated. The actual contraction
had far less influence on business than the ex-
pectation of it. In connection with this policy
the efforts of the Secretary to keep the gold
market steady, by sales from the Treasury, in-
creased the uncertainty and led to a very gen-
eral feeling that it was unwise to put the control
of business and prices, to so great an extent, in
the hands of any one man ; especially of one
so involved in the political antagonisms of the
hour as the present Secretary.
The financial schemes and plans now before
Congress are so numerous and so contradictory,
as to give us little hope that any comprehen-
sive policy can be agreed on at present. For
myself, I have but little faith in panaceas ; in
remedies which will cure'all evils; in any one
plan which will reach all the difficulties of our
situation.
Above all, it seems to me unwise to compli-
cate the questions that are pressing for imme-
diate solution, with those which refer to subjects
not yet ripe foraetion. For example, I have
not yet seen the wisdom of making the rede-mp-
tion of the five-twenty bonds—not one of which '
is payable for fourteen years to come—a prom-
inent element in our legislation at this time.
In the midst of so many difficulties, it is better
to do one thing at a time, and to do it carefully
and thoroughly.
PLAN FOR RESTORING THE ST 1NDARD OF VALUE.
On the 10th of February I introduced a bill
which, if it should become a law, will, I be-
lieve, go far toward restoring confidence and
giving stability to business, and will lay the
foundation on which a general financial policy
may be based, whenever opinions are so har-
monized as to make a general policy possible.
As the bill is short, I will quote it entire, and
call attention for a few moments to its pro-
visions :
A bill to provide for a gradual return to specie pay-
ments.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That on and afterthelstdayofDeeember,1868,
tho Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay gold coin of tlie Uni-
ted States for any legal-tender notes of the United
States, which may be presented at the office of the
Assistant Treasurer, at New York, at the rate of one
dollar in gold for one dollar and thirty cents in legal-
tender notes. On and after the 1st day of January,
18(i9, the rate shall be one dollar in gold for one dol-
lar and twenty-nine cents in legal-tender notes; and
at the beginning of and during each succeeding
month the amount of legal-tender notes required in
exchange for one dollar in gold shall be one cent less
than the amount required during the preceding
month, until the exchange becomes, one dollar in gold
for one dollar in legal-tendernotes; and on and after
the 1st day of June, 1871, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall exchange gold for legal-tendernotes,dollar
for dollar: Provided, That nothing in this act shall
be so construed as to authorize the retirement or can-
cellation of any legal-tender notes of the United
States.
To all plans hitherto proposed it has been
objected that the vast amount of public debt
yet to be funded, and the still larger amount
of private indebtedness, the value of which
would be changed in favor of the creditor and
against the debtor, made it impossible to return
to specie payments without great loss both to
the Government and to the debtor class.
I have no doubt that an immediate or sudden „
resumption of payments would prove a heavy
shock to business and very greatly disturb the
present scale of values. These objections are
almost wholly avoided in the bill I have pro-
posed, by making the return gradual; and the
time when the process is to begin is placed so
far ahead as to give full notice and allow the
country to adjust its business to the provisions
of the act.
By the 1st of December next, the floating and
temporary debt of the United States will be
funded, in accordance with laws already in op-
eration ; the excitement and derangement of
business incident to a presidential election will
be over, and we ought to be ready at that time,
if ever, to take decisive steps toward the old
paths.
I do not doubt that, in anticipation of the
operation of this measure, should it become a
law, gold would be at 130, or lower, by the 1st
of December, and that very little would be
asked for, from the Treasury, in exchange for
currency. At the beginning of each succeed-
ing month, the exchange between gold and
greenbacks would be reduced one cent, and
specie payments would be fully resumed in
June, 1871. That the country is fully able to
resume by that time, will hardly be denied.
With the $100,000,000 of gold now in the
Treasury, and the amount received from cus-
toms, which averages nearly half a million per
day, it is not at all probable that we should
need to borrow a dollar in order to carry out
the provisions of the law.
But taking the most unfavorable aspect of
the case, and supposing that the Government
should find it necessary to authorize a gold
loan, the expense would be trifling compared
with the resulting benefits to the country. The
proposed measure would ircidentaily bringal'
the national banks to the aid of the Govern-
ment m the work of resumption. The banks
ate required by law to redeem their own notea
