1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in greenbacks. They now hold in their vaults,
as a reserve required by law, $102,000,000,
of which sum $114,000,000 are greenbacks.
Being compelled to pay the same price for their
own notes as for greenbacks, they would grad-
ually accumulate a specie reserve, and would
be compelled to keep abreast with the Govern-
ment in every step of the progress toward re-
sumption. The necessity of redeeming their
own notes would keep their circulation nearer
home, and would more equally distribute the
currency of the country which now concen-
trates at the great money centers, and produces
scarcity in the rural districts.
This measure would not at once restore the
old national standard of value, but it would
give stability to business and confidence to
business men everywhere. Every man who
contracts a debt would know what the value
of a dollar would be when the debt became
due. The opportunity now afforded to Wall
street gamblers to run up and run down the
relative price of gold and greenbacks would be
removed. The element of chance, which now
vitiates our whole industrial system, Would, in
great part, be eliminated.
If this measure be adopted it will incidentally
settle several of our most troublesome ques-
. tions. It will end the war between the con-
tractionists and the inflationists—a war which,
like that of Mariusand Sylla—may almost prove
fatal to the interests of the country whichever
side may prevail. '$«e amount of paper money
will regulate itself^ and may be unlimited, so
long as every dollar is convertible into specie
at the will of the holder.
The still more difficult question of paying
our five-twenty bonds would be avoided—com-
pletely flanked by this measure. The money
paid to the wounded soldier, and to the sol-
dier's widow, would soon be made equal in
value to the money paid to all other creditors
of the Government.
It will be observed tliat the bill does not
authorize the cancellation or retirement of any
United States notes. It is believed that, for a
time at least, the volume of the currency may
safely remain as it now is. When the measure
lias been in force for some time it will be seen
whether the increased use of specie for purposes
of circulation will not allow a gradual reduc-
tion of the legal-tender notes. This can be
safely left to subsequent legislation. It will
facilitate the success of this plan, if Congress
will pass a bill to legalize contracts hereafter
made for tire payment of coin. If this be done,
many business men will conduct their affairs on
a specie'basis, and thus retain at homo much
of our gold that now goes abroad.
ENGLISH PRECEDENT.
I have not been ambitious to add another
to the many financial plans proposed to this
Congress, much less have I sought to introduce
a new and untried scheme. On the contrary,
I regard it a strong commendation of this
measure, that it is substantially the same as
that by which Great Britian resumed specie
payments, after a suspension of nearly a quarter
of a century.
The situation of England at that time was
strikingly similar to our present situation. She
had just emerged from a great war in which
her resources had been taxed to the utmost.
Business had been expanded and high prices
prevailed. Paper money had been issued in
unusual volume, was virtually a legal tender,
and had depreciated to the extent of twenty-
five per cent. Every financial evil from which
we now suffer prevailed there, and was aggra-
vated by having been longer in operation.
Plans and theories without end were proposed
to meet the many difficulties of the case. For
ten years the Bank of England and the ma-
jority in Parliament vehemently denied that
paper money had depreciated, notwithstand-
ing the unanswerable report of the Bullion
Committee of 1810, and the undeniable fact
that it took twenty-five percent, more of notes
than of eoin to buy an ounce of gold.
Many insisted" that paper was a better stand-
ard of value than coin. Some denounced the
attempt to return to specie as unwise; others
as impossible. William Cobbett, the famous
pamphleteer, announced that he would give
himself up to be broiled on a gridiron when-
ever the bank should resume cash payments ;
and for many years kept the picture of a grid-
iron at the head of his Political Register, to
remind his readers of his prophecy. Every
phase of the question was discussed by the
best minds of the kingdom in and out of Par-
liament for more than ten years; and in May,
1819, under the lead of Robert Peel, a law was
passed fixing the time and mode of resumption.
It provided that on the 1st of February, 1820,
the bank should give, in exchange for its notes,
gold bullion in quantities not less than sixty
ounces, at the rate of 81s. per ounce: that from
the 1 st of October, 1820, the rate should be 79s.
i\d.; from the 1st of May, 1822, 7'Js. 10|d.; and
on the 1st of May, 1823, the bank should re-
deem all its notes in coin, wliateverthe amount
presented. The passage of the act gave once
more a fixed and certain value to money; and
business so soon adjusted itself to the measure
in anticipation, that specie payments were fully
resumed on the 1st of May, 1821, two years be-
fore the time fixed by the law. Forty-seven
years have elapsed since then, and the verdict
of history has approved the wisdom of the act,
notwithstanding the clamor and outcry which
at first assailed it. So plainly does this lesson
apply to us, that in the preface to one of the
best histories of England, recently published,
the author, who is an earnest friend of the
United States, says:
"It seems to me that no thoughtful citizen of any
nation can read tlio stoiy of the years before and
after Peel's bill of 1819, extending over the crash of
1825-26, without the strongest desire that such risks
and calamities may be avoided in his own country, at
any sacrifice. There aro several countries under the
doom of retribution fortlie license of an inconverti-
ble paper currency; and of these the United States
are unhappily one. This passago of English history
may possibly help to cheek tho levity with which the
inevitable 'crash' is spoken of by some who little
dream whattheborrorsand griefsol'sucliaconvulsion
are. It may do more if it should show any consider-
able number of observers that the affaiis of the
economic world arc as truly and certainly under the
control of natural laws as tho world of matter with-
out, and that of mind within."
This testimony of a friend is worthy our pro-
foundest consideration. I will make no apology
for the length to which I have extended these
remarks. The importance of the subject de-
manded it. The decision we shall reach on
this question will settle or unsettle the founda-
tions of public credit, of the public faith, and
of individual and national prosperity. The
time and manner of paying the bonds; the
refunding the national debt; the continuance
or abolition of the national banks, and many
other propositions, depend for their wisdom or
unwisdom on the settlement of this question.
I know we are told that resumption of specie
payments will increase the value of the public
debt, and thus add to the burden of taxation;
and we are told, with special emphasis, that
the people will not tolerate any increase of
their burdens; that they demand plenty of
money and a return of high prices. But, sir,
I have learned to think better of the American
jieople than to believe that they are not willing
to know the worst and to provide for it. I re-
member that after the first defeat at Bull Run
many officers of the Government thought it not
safe to let the people know, at once, the full
extent of the disaster ; but the news should be
broken gently that the nation might be better
able to bear it. Long before the close of the
war, it was found that Cabinet and Congress
and all the officers of the United States needed
for themselves to draw hope and courage from
the great heart of the people. It was only
necessary for the nation to know the extent of
the danger, the depth of the need, and its
courage, faith, and enduraucc were always
equal to the necessity. It is now, as ever, our
highest duty to deal honestly and frankly with
the people who sent us here, in reference to
their financial and industrial affairs; to assure
them that the path of safety is a narrow and
rugged one; that by economy and prudence,
by much patience and some suffering, they
must come down, by slow and careful steps,
from the uncertain and dangerous height to
which the war carried them, or they will fall at
last, in financial ruin more sudden and calam-
itous than any yet recorded in the history of
mankind.
For my own part, my course is taken. Tn
view of all the facts of our situation; of all
the terrible experiences of the past, both at
home and abroad; ar.d of the united testimony
of the wisest and bravest statesmen who have
lived and labored during the last century, it is'
my firm conviction that any considerable in-
crease of the volume of our inconvertible paper
money will shatter public credit, will paralyze
industry and oppress the poor; and that the
gradual restoration of our ancient standard of
value will lead us, by the safest and surest path,
to national prosperity and the steady pursuits
of peace.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the'
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Van Hobs',
of New York, having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, having had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, had come to
no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions etc.
Thefoilowing petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By the SPEAKER : The petition of citizens
of Cameron county, Texas, for a division of
said State ; also of Darker county, against the
same.
By Mr. FIELDS: Tho petition of Mathew
C. Griswold, of Norwich, Chenango county,
New York, asking Congress to pass a special
act by which his name will be placed on the
pension-rolls, to date from the day of his dis-
charge, January 1, 1805.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of the
sugar refiners of Philadelphia, asking a new
classification of sugars and an increased duty
thereon.
By Mr. LINCOLN : The petition of Joshua
R. Sands, in reference to the pay of officers in
the Navy.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of W. H.
Gardner, assistant surgeon United States Army,
and others, of Fort Ransom, Dakota Terri
tory, praying for a pension to William Smith,
late a corporal in the tenth United States
infantry.
IN SENATE.
Sattoday, May 16, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
Mr. POMEROY, Mr. President, as the
Legislative Journal is very long, I move that the
reading be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. YATES presented a resolution of the
Legislative Assembly of Colorado Territory, in
favor of an additional appropriation for the
purpose of building a penitentiary in that Ter-
ritory 5 which was referred to the Committer
on Territories.
representation op arkansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred House bill No.
1039, to admit the State of Arkansas to repre-
sentation in Congress, have had the same under
consideration, and instructed me to report it
back without amendment and recommend its
passage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, as a
member of the Judiciary Committee I have not
been able to agree to that report; and, if I can
