THE GOJST(xEESSIOJNfAL GLOBE.
causes it is obvious that he would be almost
wholly dependent upon Congress, and that was
clearly not designed. The Constitution con-
sequently provides that impeachment can only
be for ''treason, bribery, or other high crimes
and misdemeanors." For no act which does
not fall within the legal meaning of those
terms can impeachment be maintained. Polit-
ical opinions, whatever they may be, when not
made crimes or misdemeanors, are not the sub-
jects of the power. If any such opinions can
be legally declared crimes or misdemeanors,
what are spoken, no matter by whom, when
no force is used disturbing the public peace,
certainly cannot be, such legislation being pro-
hibited, not only by reason of the absence of
any delegated authority to Congress, but be-
cause that department is expressly prohibited
from so legislating by the very terms of the
first of the amendments of the Constitution,
providing that " Congress shall make no law "
"abridging the freedom of speech."
This guarantee extends to every citizen,
whether he be in public or private life. What-
ever a private citizen cim say without responsi-
bility to Congress the President or any other
official can say. The provision is intended to
secure such freedom to all without regard to
official station. The right is a personal one,
for the exercise of which there is no responsi-
bility. It is secured as absolutely to every
person as the right of freedom of speech is
secured to members of Congress by the sixth
section of the first article of the Constitution,
which says that "-for any speech or debate in
either House they shall not be questioned in
any other place." Both provisions are upon
the theory, proved to be correct by history, that
a free Government is ever best maintained (if,
indeed, it can be maintained without it) by
such unfettered freedom. Its possession by
others than members of Congress is a neces-
sary restraint upon that department, while its
possession by its members is equally necessary
to a proper exercise of their power. In both
instances the right is placed beyond restraint.
If members of Congress in debate assail the
President in disparaging and vituperative lan-
guage; if they charge him with treason, a
violation of every duty, a want of every vir-
tue, and with every vice ; if they even charge
him with having been accessory to the mur-
der of his lamented predecessor—charges
calculated to bring him "into disgrace,"
"hatred," "contempt, and reproach"—they
are exempt from responsibility, by any legal
proceeding, because "freedom of speech and
debate" is their right—how can it be that the
President is responsible for the speeches alleged
to have been made by him at the places and
times referred to in the tenth and eleventh
articles, when freedom of speech is equally
secured to him. That such speeches, whether
made by members of Congress or the Presi-
dent, are in bad taste, and tend to disturb the
harmony which should prevail between the two
departments of the Government, may be con
ceded, but there is 110 lawmaking them crimes
or misdemeanors. This was attempted to be
done, as far as printed publications were con-
cerned, by the second section of the act of the
14th of July, 1798, (the sedition act.) The
constitutionality of that law was denied by
many of the most eminent men of the day,
and the party which passed it was driven from
power by an overwhelming majority of the
people of the country, upon the ground that it
palpably violated the Constitution. By its own
terms it was to continue but for a brief period,
and no one in or out of Congress has ever sug-
gested its revival. But the passage of the act
piovesthat without such a law oral speeches
or wntten publications in regard to any de-
partment of the Government are not criminal
offenses.
If these views be sound, the articles which
charge the President with having committed a
high misdemeanor by the speeches made in
\\ ashmgton, St. Louis, and Cleveland, in 18(5(5,
are not supported, first, because there is no law
which makes them misdemeanors; and second,
because if there was any such law it would be
absolutely void.
II. That the terms crimes and misdemeanors
in the quoted clause mean legal crimes and
misdemeanors (ifthere could beany doubt upon
the point) is further obvious from the provision
in the third section of the first article of the
Constitution, that, notwithstanding the judg-
ment on impeachment, the party is liable to
"indictment, trial, judgment, and punishment
according to law.'' This proves that an officer
can only be impeached for acts for which he is
liable to a criminal prosecution. Whatever
acts, therefore, could not be criminally pros-
ecuted under the general law cannot be the
grounds of an impeachment. Nor is this doc-
trine peculiar to the United States. It was
held in the case of the impeachment of Lord
Melville, as far back as 1806, and has never
since been judicially controverted in England.
The charges in that case were the alleged im-
proper withdrawal and use of public funds in-
trusted to him as treasurer of the Navy. By
the managers it was contended that these were
by law crimes and misdemeanors, and denied
by his lordship's eonnsel. The impeachment
evidently turned upon the decision of the ques-
tion. The opinion of the judges was requested
by the House of Lords, and their answer was,
that they were not crimes or misdemeanors,
and his lordship, on a vote, in the aggregate
upon all the articles, of thirteen hundred and
fifty, was acquitted by a majority of eight hun-
dred and twenty-four.
III. Are, then, the acts alleged in the first
eight articles crimes and misdemeanors?
1. Are they so independent of the actual
intent with which they were done?
2. If not, are they without criminality be-
cause of such actual intent?
I. The acts charged are the orders of the
President of the 21st of February, 1868, re-
moving Mr. Stanton as Secretary of War and
appointing General Thomas as Secretary ad
interim. The President's authority for the
first, his counsel contend, is vested in him by
the Constitution, and not subject to the power
of Congress ; and that if it was, and Congress
had a right to pass the act of the 22d of March,
1867, "regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices," that act did not.take from him the
power to remove Mr. Stanton. I will consider
the second question first. What, then, in re-
gard to Mr. Stanton, is the tiue construction
of that act? Did it leave the President's right
to remove him as he possessed it before the
act was passed? With all respect to the con-
trary opinion, I think that it clearly did.
Without referring now to the different views
entertained by the House of Representatives
and the Senate as to the propriety of including
Cabinet officers within the restriction which
the law imposes upon the Presidert in relation
to other civil officers, it seems to me to be
perfectly clear, from the language of the act
, itself, that Mr. Stanton's case is not within
such restriction. In the first place, the title
of the act is the regulation of the tenure of
certain (not of all) civil offices. In the
second, the tenure prescribed in the body of
; the first section is, that every person holding
I a civil office under an appointment made by
f the President, with the advice and consent of
1 the Senate, and who has duly qualified, is to
' hold his office until his successor shall in like
1 manner be appointed and qualified. If the
| law stopped here, the Cabinet would bo em-
! braced and hold by the same tenure. But from
this tenure certain exceptions are made. The
! concluding part of the section is in these words:
1 " exeeptasherein otherwise provided." These
latter words mean the same thing as if they
were in the beginning insteal of the close of
the section. Place them in the beginning, and
no one could doubt their meaning.
It would then be clear that it was not the pur-
pose to prescribe the tenure of all officers ap-
pointed by the President with the consent of the
Senate, and that in regard io some a different
one was to be provided. If this be right, and I
do not see that it can be questioned, it follows
that whatever tetiure is differently prescribed,
as to other offices, these are not to be held by
the-tenure in the first section-. Immediately
succeeding the words of' exception before
quoted, follows the provision to whiiji the' ex-
ception refers, "that the Secretaries of State,
of the Treasury,'of War,' of the Naw, and of
the Interior, the Postmaster General, and the
Attorney General," are to JoW by a different
tenure from that before defined/- And this is,
that theyafe to "hold theiroffietes respectively
for and during the term of the Fregiden't by
whom they may have been appointed, and for
one month thereafter," subject, of course, to rfe-
mOval by the President with the approval of the
Senate. That this proviso withdraws the office's
specially enumerated from the operations of the
enacting clause cannot be doubted. It Iras tlie
same effect in this regard as if it had been the
first section of the act instead of a proviso to that
scetion. If it had been itself the first section1,
and what is now the first section without the
proviso had been the second, then all would
admit that the tenure of office provided by the
first section as it stands would Jbave nothing to
do with the tenure of Cabinet officers. In other
words, that it was the object of the act to assign
•to these offices a tenure entirely distinct-from
that assigned to other civil offices.
The only inquiry that remains is, what is the
tenure by which Cabinet officers hold their
places ? That they are not to hold them for
an unlimited period is evident. What, then,
is the limitation of their title ?
I. It commences, necessarily, with the date
of their appointments.
II. It expires at the end of the term of the
President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and one month thereafter. Mr. Stan-
ton was appointed by President Lincoln dur-
ing his first term, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. By virtue of that ap-
pointment, and by that alone, he was commis-
sioned. He 11 ever received any other appoint-
ment or commission. If the act of the 2d of
March, 1807, had passed during Mr. Lincoln's
first term, and was constitutional, Mr. Stan-
ton's term of office would have expired at the
end of one month succeeding the termination
of Mr. Lincoln's first term, with 110 other right
afterward to the office than in the nature of a
tenantcy at sufferance.
'The title which he could claim under the act
of 1867 has long since ended. To enable him
to hold the office against the wish of the Pres-
ident by whom he was not appointed, in my
judgment, would be a palpable violation of
the law, equally inconsistent with Us language
and its object. Inconsistent with its language,
because that says that the office is to be held
" for and during the term of the President by
whom" he was appointed, and Mr. Lincoln's
term necessarily terminated with his life. In-
consistent with its object, because that clearly
is to leave a President who comes into office
at the termination, by whatever cause, of the
term of his predecessor, the unfettered right
at the end of one month after such termination
to select his own Cabinet.
If the propriety (conceding Congress to have
the power) be admitted of denying to the Pres-
ident the right exercised by all of his prede-
cessors of removing a Cabinet officer at pleas-
ure, it would seem to be most improper and
impolitic in regard to any such officer not
appointed by himself. Responsible for the
preservation of the Constitution and the faith-
ful execution of the laws, nothing could be
more unjust and unwise than to force upon him
a Cabinet in whom he might have no confi-
dence whatever, either for want of integrity
or capacity, or both, and in whose selection he
had 110 choice.
III. If there could be any doubt that the
construction I give to the act is correct it would
be removed by the explanation of Senators
Sherman and Williams, members of the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate,
when making their report. The Senate had by
two votes decided that Cabinet officers should,
as always before, hold their places at the
