1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
fnitted, has not yet been read to the Senate.
I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill and in lieu thereof to insert the
following;
That tli© Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue registered or coupon bonds of the
United States in such iorm and ot such denomina-
tions as he maypresenbe,payable, principal and in-
terest, in coin, and bearing interest at the rate of live
per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually, and
bearing date so as to requirethe paymentot an equal
amount of the intorest quarterly ; such bonds to be
payable m forty years from date, and to be redeem-
able m coin at the pleasure ot the United States
alter ten years from date, to be i^&ued to an amount
sufficient to cover ail outstanding: or existing obliga-
tions ot the United fetalis other than the existing
five percent, bonds, and to be exchanged for such ob-
ligations or duspo&cd ot in sueli manner and on such
terms, not less than par, as tho {Secretary of the
Treasury may deem most conducive to tho interest
of tho Gfoveinment; and the said bonds and Uie pro-
ceeds thereof stiali bo exclusively Ubud lor the re-
demption of or in exchange lor the existing securi-
ties ot the United States.
Sec. ii. And be U/iiilher enacted, That the bonds
issued under the tirsr.scction oi this act shall be known
as the "Consolidated debt ot tho United States," and
the same shall bo exempt irom taxation in any form
by or under &tato, municipal, or local authority, and
the same and tUe interest thereon, and the income
therelroru, t-hall be exempt Irom the payment ot all
taxes or duties to the United States othei than such
income tax us may be assessed upon other ineomes;
and 111 consideration oi the reduetion of the rate
ot interest provided tor by this act, there is hereby
appropriated out ot the pioceeds oi the duties on
imported goods, annually, an amount equal to one
porcent. 011 the bonds issued under this act, which
sum shall bo icseivcdaiul annually applied to the
puiehase or payment of the national debt.
Sec. 3. And be it jiuther cnuctc'd, That m addition
tolhesums neeessaiy to pay the interest of the pub-
lic debt and the matuimg landed debt ol the United
States, tliereis hereby appropiiated, out of any money
in the Treasury not othei wise appropriated, a sum
•which, including tho said inteiest, matuiing debt,
and the one per cent, reserved as aforesaid, shall
amount to ^loofU00.0UU annually, which sum, during
each iiscal >ear alter the current fiscal year, shall be
applied to tho reduction oi the publie debt in such a
manner as may bodetermmed by theSeeretaiy ot the
Treasury, or as. Congress may hereaiter direct; and
such reduction shall bo in lieu ol tho sinking fund
contemplated by the iitth section oi the act entitled
"An act to authorize tho iNSuoot United States notes
and lor tho redemption or landing thereof, and lor
funding tho floating debt of the United States," ap-
piovcd February 1lo, i$f52.
Sec. 4, And be it Jiuther enacted, That the several
bonds of the United States, beanng interest at the
rate of six per cent, per annum, and redeemable at
the pleasuro ol the United States after live years
Irom their clatercommonly known as the five-twenty
bonds,shall alter tne expiration of live yeais irom
their date, at tho option of tho holder theieof, be
exchanged lor the bonds authorized by this act; and
such as are now redeemable hhail be presented lor
exchange on or beiore tholstday of November next,
and not thereafter, and the residue to be presented
wnhm six months alter the expiration ot live years
from their date, and not theroaltor; and such ex-
change shall be made at such places and under such
rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe.
Sec. 5- And bo it further cnuotr.d. That the holder
of any lawtul money ol the United States, to the
amount of fcl.OUU, or any multiple ol &KOOO, may
convert tho same into bonds for an equal amount,
authorized by the first section of this act, under such
rules and legulations as the Secretary ol the Treas-
ury may prcseiibe; and any holder of any of the
""bonds provided lor in the lirst section ot this act
may present the same to the Treasurer of the United
States and demand lawiul money oi the United States
for tho principal and accruing interest thereon, and
theTreasurei shall redeem the same in lawful money
of tho United States, unless the amount of United
States notes then outstanding shall bo equal to
$4U0,000,0lX); and such bond shall not be so redeem-
able alter the United States have resumed the pay-
ment ol coin tor their notes.
Sec. 6. And be it further cnactcd. That any contract
hereafter made, specifically pavablo m coin, shall be
legal and valid,and may be oniorced according to its
terms, anything in the several acts relating to United
States notes to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. SliEIXiXAN addressed the Senate for
two hours in explanation of the measure. His
speech will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment of the Committee on Finance, in
section one, line seven, by striking out the
word u five" and inserting "four," so as to
make four per cent, the rate of interest of the
proposed loan. As I did not anticipate this
measure would be called up during this week,
I am not prepared, and have not my notes
with me so as to be able to proceed in sub-
mitting any remarks to the Senate this evening
011 the subject j but I desire to .sabmit this
amendment at present without making any
motion in reference to the bill, so that, if any
other Senator desires to address the Senate on
the subject, he can do so.
Mr. MO&UILL, of Vermont. I desire to
obtain the floor at an early time for the pur-
pose of submitting some remarks upon this
bill, and another that belongs to it, and if the
Senator from Missouri docs not choose to go
on now, or does not prefer to go on next, I
will move that it be postponed until such time
as shall be convenient to the Senate to take it
up again, the earliest convenient time.
Mr. HENDERSON. Say Monday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well j
I will say Monday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. CATTELL. Before the question is put
on that motion I desire to say a single word.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance,
in the course of the interesting speech to which
we have just listened, has with great fairness
stated that the committee are not a unit upon
the various propositions contained in the bill
now under consideration, and that in the ex-
pression of his views he spoke for himself and
not for the committee. With this statement,
perhaps, I ought to be content; and yet I dif-
fer so widely from one of the conclusions to
which the Senator arrives that I do not feel
at liberty to permit his remarks to go to the
country, from which the inference might be
drawn that on this point the committee were
agreed, without expressing my decidcd dis-
sent. I cannot concur in the opinion that
we can either legally or morally redeem the
live-twenty bonds in currency. This opinion I
expressed fully in committee; and I desire to
say now, inasmuch as the Senator from Ohio
declares if the proposition contained in this
biil is not accepted by the holders of the five-
twenty bonds, he shall feel himself at liberty
to vote for their payment in greenbacks, that
so long as I have the honor of a seat in this
Chamber I shall feel it my conscientious duty
to cast my vote in the opposite direction. All
I propose by the bill now before us, and I con-
sider it a wise one in that view, is to submit
the proposition for the exchange to the hold-
ers of the bonds at their option, giving them a
longer bond, with positive and indisputable
conditions, and freedom from taxation, as the
equivalents for the lower rate of interest. If
they choose to accept the offer, very well; but
if not, they stand just as they do now, on the
terms of their bonds, be they what they may.
Mr. SIiERMx\N. I hope that my friend
and all the Senate understand me on that point 5
that as to what shall be done afterward we are
all free, perfectly at liberty. I certainly did
not commit anybody but myself.
Mr. CATT3(jLL. The Senator very fairly
stated that the committee did not concur in all
the points in the bill, and now disclaims the
intention of committing anybody but himself.
I shall feel it my duty, perhaps, at some future
time to address the Senate on the subject now
before them, but i feel that I could not, as a
member of the committee, say less than this on
the present occasion.
Mr. WILSON. I believe the motion is to
postpone the bill until Monday or Tuesday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Monday next,
at one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the vote will be taken
on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The followingbills, received from the House
of Representatives, were severally read by their
titles, and referred to the Committee 011 Pen-
sions :
A bill (H. R. No. 822) granting a pension
to Hampton Thompson :
A bill (II. R. No. 823) granting a pension
to George W. Locker;
A bill (II. R. No. 824) granting a pension
to Annie Vaughn;
A bill (H. R. No. 825) granting a pension
to John W. Hughes ;
A bill (H. I?. No. 82G) granting a pension
i to Michael Mellon;
A bill (H. R. No. 827) granting a pension
to Ann Wilson;
A bill (H. R. No. 828) for the relief of Cap>-
tain William McKean ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 829) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck Williamson.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 216) to
authorize the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the Lincoln Monument Association
damaged and captured ordnance, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The bill (H. R. No. 819) making partial
appropriations for the expenses of the Indian
Department and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. THAYEli subsequently said: I move
that House bill No. 8iy, making appropria-
tions in reference to Indian affairs, be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. I make
that motion with the approbation of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, so
that it may go to the Indian Committee first
and then al'lerwards be considered by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That change
of reference will be made if there be no objec-
tion.
message from the iiocse.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson', its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 05) authorizing the Light-
House Board to place warnings over obstruc-
tions at the entrance of harbois or in the fair-
ways of bays and sounds, with amendments,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of tho Senate;
A bill (H. R. No. 050) to amend act of 3d
of March, 1865, providing for the construction
of certain wagon roads in Dakota Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 725) supplemental to an
act approved July 14, 1862, entitled ''An act
to establish certain post roads;" and
A bill (H. R. No. 814) declaratory of the
meaning of a certain clause in section ninety-
four of the act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue," &c., passed March 3, 1865.
land grants 10 nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proeecd to the consideration of Senate bill No.
190, which was under consideration last even-
ing and postponed on account of the absence
of the Senatorf'rom California, [Mr. Confess.]
There was no question on the bill, but only on
his particular amendment. I presume it'wiil
take but a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of tho bill will be read.
The Secretary. A bill (S. No. 190) to
further provide for giving effect to the various
grants of public lands to the State of Nevada.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the reading of
the pending amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
one word before the Senate takes action on
that subject. I do not know how lone this
bill is likely to take.
Mr. S1EWA11T. I presume but a few
minutes.
^ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My object in
rising was to say that to-morrow, after the
morning hour, I propose to ask the Senate to
consider the Military Academy appropriation
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is OB the motion of the Senator from
ISevada.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
190) to further provide for giving effect to the
various grants ot public lauds to the State of
Nevada.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
