3512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 28,
now officer will soon come in, and that it will
involve a very large expense to the Govern-
ment in the employment of special counsel to
carry on its business unless some appropria-
tion is made. I wish the Senate, and the Sen-
ator from Maine, who objects to my amend-
ments being considered, to understand the
facts in case we should hereafter have any
controversy about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state
another fact for the information of the Sena-
tor from Illinois. I understand that letter to
be from the chief clerk, but the chief clerk
represents the office, and that communication
was ssnt to us by the Attorney General him-
self, and I have the letter in my hand, in which
he communicates that letter as stating the needs
of his office.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois being ob-
jected to, the question is 011 the amendment of
the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Catted,.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to have it explained, so that we may know pre-
cisely what it means.
Mr. CATTELL. The amendment which I
offer is an advance in the salary of some of the
clerks holding responsible positions in the Mint
at Philadelphia. The salaries of these clerks
have not been advanced since the year 1854.
They are there on precisely the same salaries
that they were at that time, while in almost all
the governmental departments, as is well
known, the salaries have been increased. The
salaries of these clerks now are $1,500 per
annum, and they are obliged to give bond and
hold very responsible positions, the weigh clerk
having sometimes from live to eight million
dollars of bullion in his charge, and passing
through his hands in a single year $60,000,000
of bullion. The compensation paid to these
gentlemen, who are under bond and who have
such responsible positions, is less than that of
a third-class clerk in any of the Departments
in Washington. The advance in these sala-
ries is recommended by the assistant treas-
urer of the Mint at Philadelphia, Mr. McKib-
bin, indorsed by the Director of the Mint, Mr.
Linderman, in a letterwhieh I hold in my hand,
and warmly indorsed by the Secretary of the
Treasury himself, Mr. McCulloch. These
letters may be read, if any Senator desires to
hear them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Are you in-
structed to move the amendment by a com-
mittee V
Mr. CATTELL. No, sir. My attention was
called to this subject too late to have it included
in the Finance Committee's report. It was
spoken of in the Committee on Finance, and
met with 110 objection there, but was too late
to be included in their report. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations will re-
member that I called his attention to the sub-
ject. I gave him the notification required.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes; that was
all right.
_ Mr. CATTELL. I exhibited the papers to
him, and wo talked the subject over, and my
belief at that time was that 1 had made an im-
pression 011 his generosity.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. .Decidedly, as a
matter of generosity, I have 110 doubt you es-
tablished the case; but if you have not the
recommendation of a committee, I submit
whether you are not out of order. You can
move it at some other stage, having obtained
their consent. I hope the Senator will allow
it to pass over now.
Mr. CATTELL. Very well.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that matter is dropped
for the present, I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of line five hundred
and fifty-five, on page 23:
But the Special Commissioner of the Revenue shall,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
act as bupcrintendent of the division in the office of
said Secretary created by the thirteenth section of
tho act approved July 27,1868, entitled 'An act to
protect the revenue, and for other purposes, ' and
eallcd the Bureau of Statistics: and tho georetary
of the Treasury may appoint 000 division clerk, at
the same salan" as a head of division, in tho oilice
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who shall
act as deputy to the said Special Commissioner of the
Revenue in respect to the said bureau, and oxercisein
his absence all powers belonging to him as such
superintendent, except the li-auking privilege: and
tho office of director of the Buroau of Statistics is
hereby abolished.
I will make a brief explanation, at the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. This amendment proposes
to abolish the office of the Bureau of Statistics
and to transfer the duties of that bureau to the
Special Commissioner of Revenue, and it pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Treasury may
designate one clerk with the salary of a head
of adivision to actas chief clerk of this bureau,
under the direction of the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue. Some tinTe ago this sub-
ject was referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment and examined by that committee, and
they instructed me as a member of the com-
mittee to report this measure as a bill to the
Senate. Afterward it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I am also instructed
by that committee to report it as an amend-
ment to the appropriation bill, and recommend
that it be passed. According to the judgment
of both of those committeesjt will save expense
to the Government and tend to facilitatate the
transaction of that business in a more satis-
factory manner to the country.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to offer an amend-
ment in addition to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] yester-
day, and which was adopted. I move to in-
sert after the word "Treasury," in the sixth
line of that amendment, the words "and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not now
in order, I take it.
Mr. STEWART. This is the amendment
that was spoken of last night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fre-
MNGHUYSEN in tile chair.) The amendment
is not in order at present. It will be in order
after the bill shall have been reported to the
Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to know on what
ground the proposition is ruled out. I had a
similar amendment to offer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You can move
it in the Senate. That amendment has been
acted upon in committee.
Mr. HARLAN. It is an amendment to an
amendment, which amendment has been acted
on heretofore.'
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio having been
adopted in committee, it can only be amended
in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Nevada will
be in order when the bill comes into the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions whether I aru in order now in moving to
increase the salary of the Assistant Postmasters
General from $3,500 to $4,500, making it equal
to that of the Comptrollers of the Treasury ! It
would come in properly on page 41, line nine
hundred and eighty-four.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That can be
offered in the Senate perhaps. Let the bill be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I move to amend the
bill on page 41, line nine hundred and eighty-
four, by striking out "three" and inserting
"four," and in the same line striking out " ten"
before " thousand" and inserting "fourteen ;"
so that it will read, "Three Assistant Post-
masters General at $4,500 each, $14,500."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on concurring in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Shall they be taken in gross or separately ?
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to have a separate
vote on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance relating to the increase of the salaries
ij of the Comptrollers and Auditors of theTreas-
[j ury, in order that I may move to amend it
i| hereafter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted. If no other amend-
ment be excepted the question is 011 concurring
in the other amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the excepted
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have that
amendment read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert as aa additional section the fol-
lowing:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the 30th day of June, 1868, the annual salaries
of the Comptrollers of the Treasury and the Commis-
sioner of Customs shall be $4,500 each; of the Soli-
citor, the Auditors, the Register,andtbesup-ervising
architect of the Treasury, |4,000 each, and the addi-
tional amount necessary to pay the increase of sal-
aries provided for by this section be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to amend that
amendment by inserting after the word '1 Treas-
ury," in the sixth line, the words "and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. How much does
that give him ?
Mr. STEWART. Four thousand dollars.
Mr. HARLAN. The salary of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is now
$3,000, and if the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Nevada should be adopted it will
put it 011 the same basis with the salaries of the
Auditors of the Treasury. They are now, as
I understand, $3,000 each. Formerly the
General Land Office was a part of the Treasury
Department, was a bureau in the Treasury
Department, and when the salary of the Audit-
ors was fixed the salary of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office was fixed, many
years ago; I suppose more than half a century
since. I f it is proper to increase the salary of
the Auditors on account of the increased busi-
ness and the change in the value of money, it
certainly is equally proper to increase the salary
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to add that if the
salary of any officer is to be increased the
salary of the Commissioser of the General
Land Office ought to be. In my judgment
there is no department of this Government
managed with greater efficiency and greater
thoroughness, and none in which the business
is discharged more satisfactorily than the Land
Office. 1 think the Commissioner is one of
the most thorough, efficient, and accomplished
officers under the Government.
Mr. RAMSEY. I say ditto to all that the
Senator from Nebraska has said ; but in addi-
tion to that, I think at the same time when the
salaries of the Auditors and Comptrollers of
the Treasury are raised the salaries of the three
Assistant. Postmasters General ouglitalso to be
raised. They are gentlemen of high charac-
ter, and their duties are laborious and con-
stantly increasing. No other Department of
the Government is so steadily growing as the
Post Office Department. Then, again, it is a
Department that brings into the Treasury all
that it costs to the Government, and therefore
there is no impropriety whatever in giving to
these officers the same compensation that is
granted to officers of similar grade in other
Departments.
Mr. THAYER. I agree with the Senator,
and will cheerfully vote for that proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. The question of adding to
the salaries of the Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral is not now before the Senate. When that
comes before the Senate of course we shall
consider it. I do not understand the propriety
of an argument on that which may convince
the Senate that they ought not to vote for the
amendment now proposed. I wish each to
stand upon its own merits.
Now, sir, I desire to say in addition to whit
