m
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^LOBE.
DecemBer 9,
the Secretory, the principal or executive Clerk, the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and Doorkoeper. and the assistant
doorkeeper."
Nothing is said with regard to his duties, but
it is assumed that he is to be in attendance on
the Senate during executive session. By a
reference to Webster's Dictionary, which I sup-
pose ma}' be considered as good an authority
on the question as any that Can be cited, I find
the following definition of "Sergeant-at- Arms:''
" In legislative bodies an officer who executes the
commands of the body in preserving order and pun-
ishing offenses."
"In preserving order:" of course that
assumes that he lias a fixed place in the Cham-
ber precisely as the President has a fixed place
in the Chamber. Such would seem to be the
reason of the case. If we go to the history of
the Senate, we shall find that it is in entire
harmony with this definition. When I first
came into the Senate, now many years ago,
the Sergeant-at-Armsalways occupied the seat
at the right of the Chair, and he took it as reg-
ularly, I think, as the President took his own
seat, and there he continued with very slight
intermissions during the whole session of the
Senate. When a message' was received from
the President, or from the other House, it was
by the Sergeant-at-Arms that the messenger
was welcomed and presented to the Senate.
All this has been latterly changed. The seat
of the Sergeant-at-Arms still continues in this
Chamber, but to my eye always vacant. As
much as I am in my seat, and I believe I am
in it as much as any Senator is in his seat, I
hare it to say that I have never once seen the
present Sergeant-at-Arms Occupying his seat
in this Chamber. Other Senators of sharper
sight than myself may possibly have seen him ;
but if he has been there, I think it has been
only as a page' may have Been there; I have
seen a page sitting in the seat; or perhaps as
a Senator may have been there, for I hare
seen Senators sitting there.- Habitually, he
never has been there; nor am I aware that he
has ever performed aay Of the duties to which
I have already referred of receiving the mes-'
sender of the President or of Che other House.
It seems to me the Senate should consider
whether it is proper to define the duties of
this oflhtet. it may be that it is best that we
should abandon those old ideas which gave
him his name and his distinctive character and
hand those over to the Doorkeeper; I am in-
clined to think otherwise. If any light can be
derived from other legislative bodies, I believe
I cannot be mistaken when I say that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, or the officer corresponding in
character to the Sergeant-at-Arms, is always in
attendance upon the legislative body to which
he belongs. He is in the nature of a marshal
or sheriffs It is his business to keep order in
the Chamber and otherwise to give directions
to the officers in the Chamber. They are all
under his order. If we go across the sea to the
British Parliament we shall find that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms there has a fixed place; that he
always enters the Chamber with the Speaker
and leaves it with the Speaker. I take it that
it was from his duties and from his name that
the office in the Senate was derived.
I hope that the committee will take this sub-
ject into consideration. Possibly it may be
expedient simply by resolution to determine
these duties; possibly their opinion may be
indicated without anysnch formal proceeding;
but I desire to call their attention to it.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection to any
committee. of this body being called upon to
define the duties of the Sergeant-at-Arms, or the
duties of any other officer of the body whose
duties it is supposed are not well understood;
but I should be very, sorry to have this resolu-
tion go to the committee with any intimation
that the Senate thought it W33 the duty of the
Sergeant-at-Arms to occupy a permanent seat
in this body for, any purpose whatever. I do
not believe it is the duty of the Sergeant-at-
Arms to preserve order in this body. I think j
that it is the duty of the Presiding Officer. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. Uixder the direction
of the body.
Mr. HOWE. In accordance with the defi-
nition he is to execute the commands of the
Senate. I do not think he can interfere at all
except by command of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then he ought to be pres-
ent.
Mr. HOWE. Or by command of some offi-
cer who presides in the Senate, and he ought
to be within reach of the Senate. I will say
in reply to the Senator from Massachusetts,
unquestionably; but the point is, as I under-
stand it is made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and it is to that point I address
myself, that he should sit here somewhere, a
constant and solemn admonition to the Senate
of the United States. I do not want to see any
such admonition. I do not want to see him
reconstructed into a standing threat or a sitting
threat. [Laughter.] My own idea is that the
Senate can behave tolerably well without him,
quite as well without him as with him, and we
can dispense with that little piece of machinery.
I think the Presiding Officer of this body will
be able to bring into subjection, to subjugate
(to use a word which is a good deal in vogue
in these days) so many of ns as undertake to
be alittle refractory. If my friend, the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, cannot be
reduced to order by any such means, I have
no objection to detailing the Sergeant-at-Arms
to assist the President for his especial benefit,
[laughter;] but so far as the rest of us are con-
cerned I hope we are inclined to dispense with
his services in that direction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rule to which the
Senator from Massachusetts refers speaks of
the Senate being'cleared during an executive
session "of all persons except the Secretary,
the principal or executive Clerk, the Sergeant-
at-Arms, and Doorkeeper, and the assistant
doorkeeper." I do not know precisely why the
Senator from Massachusetts has singled out
the Sergeant-at-Arms. Perhaps there are other
officers who by this rule are required to be in
the Senate that are also sometimes absent. The
Senator never has seen with his own eyes the
Sergeant-at-Arms in his seat here; has he seen
at all times the other officers named in the rule
in their places in the Senate ? It is singular
that a resolution should be offered and a rea-
son given for it that the Sergeant-at-Arms is not
always in executive session, when the same
rule names several other officers who may not
always have been in executive session either,
and about whom nothing is said.
Now, sir, the duties of the Sergeant-at-Arms
are doubtless such as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has described, but they are to be per-
formed by him and under his direction. He
does not personally perform all the duties de-
volved upon the Sergeant-at-Arms. He is the
executive officer of the Senate, and he acts
through others. I do not know the precise
number, but I suppose there are forty men
under the employment of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
some standing at the doors of your galleries
and at the doors of this Chamber to execute
a rule that none but certain ptivileged persons
are admitted on this floor during the sessions
of the Senate. The Sergeant-at-Arms cannot
stand guard at every one of these doors, and
we all know that it is absolutely necessary that
somebody should stand at the doors ; for time
and again, Mr. President, you have seen per-
sons rush into this Chamber over the rule of
the Senate, because there was not a sufficient
force at the doors to stop them, and it may be
that, in the opinion of the Senator, it is neces-
sary to coufine the Sergeant-at-Arms to that
chair in order that persons may be brought into
this Chamber over the rules of the body. But,
sir, a rule of this body declares that certain
persons only shall be admitted here. How is'
that to be executed by the Sergeant-at-Arms
when confined to his seat in yonder chair ?
I have not served in this body as long as the
Senator from Massachusetts. I found him here
when r came a dozen and more years ago. He
has had, therefore, more experience than I
have had ; but when I came Mr. McNair was
Sergeant-at-Arms of this body, and Mr. Jones,
a very pleasant and agreeable gentleman, was
about that time assistant doorkeeper. Mr.
Jones, according to my recollection, always
announced the message from the House of
Representatives. The exceptions were rare
when Mr. McNair did it in person. It was
almost uniformly done by Mr. Jones, as every
Senator who was here at that time will bear
me witness.
I have no objection to the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts, that any commit-
tee shall inquire what the duties of the offi-
cers of this body are, but I have objection to
singling out one officer; and therefore, if the
resolution is before the body, I move to amend
it by inserting " the Secretary and other offi-
cers of the body."
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does, the
Senator from Massachusetts modify his reso-
lution?
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to the
modification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so modified.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
it as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Retalved, That the Compiittee on the Pay of Offi-
cers of the Senate be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of defining the duties of the Secretary,
Sergeant-at-Arms, and other officers of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. If the object and effect of
this resolution, when adopted, should be to
increase the number of officers (and that seems
to be the object, if it have any) pending the
consideration of executive business, I think it
would be a very bad thing to do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will excuse
me a moment. The committee referred to in
the resolution had a.meeting this morning, and
came to the conclusion that it was advisable to
ask the two Houses to enlarge their powers
somewhat, and instructed me to draw a reso-
lution to that effect and have it passed through
the Senate, if it could be passed, and sent to
the House of Representatives. I have not had
time yet to draw one, and if this resolution
lies on the table I design to do so as soon aq
I can have an opportunity to draw it up to my
own satisfaction. I hope that this resolution
will lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there any objection to
this?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not say that I
have any objection; bat it will be noticed that
this is a mere resolution of this body, and tho
committee referred to is a joint committee;
the resolution which I propose to draw up will
be in its nature joint, to be passed by both
branches. It is, perhaps, a little questionable
how far this body alone ean instruct a joint!
committee, and 1 merely made the suggestion
that perhaps this might as welt lie on the table
until I offer the resolution to which I have
alluded. However, I have no wish about itf
I merely made the suggestion.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 was only going to ob-
serve that if the effect of this, resolution
should be to increase the number of officers
who should be present pending the considera-
tion of executive business it would be by no
means an improvement, because somehow of
other nearly all the transactions that take
place in executive session become known to
the public at large almost immediately after
the adjournment of the Senate. Now, Mr.
President, without desiring to impute the com-
munication of the information to which I refer;
to the officers of this body who may be pres-
ent at the executive sessions of the Senate,
they, the officers, and ourselves of course
must hold that that information never trans-
pires through Senators, for honorable Senators
would never communicate anything that they
are solemnly pledged not to communicate;
