430
SUPPLEMENT TO
pleasure of the President, and that such was
evidently the design of Congress when organ-
izing, the several Departments. The Senate,
therefore, excludedthem altogether from the
provisions of the bill, but the House insisted
upon including them. It was this difference
between the two Houses which the conference
committee was appointed to settle. In making
the report Mr. Sherman stated that to include
them would, .in. his- opinion, be practically
unimportant, because " iVo gentleman, no man
with any sense of honor, woxdd hold a position
as a Cabinet officer after his chief desired his
removal; and, therefore, the slightest intima-
tion on the part of the President would always
secure " his resignation. And he added that,
by the proposition of the committee, such an
officer would hold "his office during the
life ob the term of the president who
appointed him," and that "if the President
dies the Cabinet goes out; if the President is
removed for cause by impeachment the Cabinet
goes out; at the expiration of the term of the
President's office the Cabinet goes out; so that
the .Government will not be embarrassed by an
attempt by a Cabinet officer to hold on to his
office, despite the wish of the President or a
change in the Presidency;" and that this pro-,
vision obviated "the great danger that might
have arisen from the bill as it stood amended
by the House,''
Mr. Williams said that the House by its
amendment had placed "the heads of Depart-
ments on the same footing with other civil offi-
cers, and provided that they should not at any
time be removed, without the advice and con-
sent of the Senatethat this was objected to,
because when ua new President came into of-
fice he might be compelled to have a Cabinet
not of his own selection;" and that the amend-
ment proposed by the committee was, " that
when the term of office expires the offices of the
members of the Cabinet shall also expireat
the end of one month thereafter. He further
added, that "the report of the committee is
intended to put the heads of Departments upon
the same footing with ail the other officers
named in the bill, with this exception, that
their terms shall expire when the term of office
of the President by whom they were appointed
expires; that is the effect of the provision."
Relying upon these statements, the Senate
adopted the report of the committee, and the
bill passed with the proviso. No Senator inti-
mated that these gentlemen had not placed a
proper construction upon the proviso, and con-
sequently no Senator suggested that the then
members of the Cabinet of the President, who
were not appointed by him, but by Mr. Lin-
coin, were either within the protection of the
body of the section or of the proviso, and 1 do
not think I am mistaken in the impression that
the bill could not have been passed by the Sen-
ate without the understanding that Messrs.
Sherman and Williams were right in their
interpretation of it.
It also appears by the President's message
of the 12th of December, 1867, given in evi-
dence by the managers, that it was construed
in the same way by every member of the Cab-
inet, Mr. Stanton included. That gentleman
. being appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and not by
Mr. .fohnson, his tenure of office ended one
month succeeding the death of the former. In
the language of Mr. Sherman, when the Pres-
ident who appoints a Cabinet officer "dies,"
the officer "goes out." How, then, can the
Senate convict the President of having crim-
inally violated the act in question, when what
he did in relation to Mr. Stanton was not within
the prohibition of the act, according to the in-
terpretation put upon it at the time it was being
passed by the Senate itself? and yet this they
will do if they find him guilty upon the articles
which relate to his attempt to remove Mr. Stan-
ton on the 21st of February, 1868.
IV. Did t.he President commit a crime or
misdemeanor by his order of the 21st of Feb-
ruary, 1808, appointing General Thomas Sec-
retary ad interim ? That appointment forms
tlie subject of the charges in the second, third,
and eighth articles. If I am right, that Mr.
Stanton was not within the protection of the
act of 1S67, and could be removed at pleasure
by the President, then the legal effect of his
order of the 21st of February worked a removal,
and, of course, made a vacancy in that Depart-
ment.
There being a vacancy, had not the Presi-
dent a right to fill it by an ad interim, appoint-
ment ? If he had, the articles in question are
unsupported. 1. Independent of legislation,
the President being, with a few exceptions,
vested with the executive power of the Gov-
ernment, and responsible for the faithful exe-
cution of the laws, he must have the power by
implication to provide against their temporary
failure. And if this be so, then, upon the oc-
currence of a vacancy in office, which, if not
at once supplied, will cause such a failure, he
must have the right to guard against it. 2. But
there is legislation which, in my judgment,
clearly gives him the power to make the appoint-
ment.
On the contingency " of the death, absence
from the seat of Government, or sickness of
the Secretary of State, Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or of the Secretary of War," &c., the
President, by the act of the 8th of May, 1792,
section eight, was authorized to appoint any
person or persons to perform the duties of the
said offices respectively "until a successor be
appointed, or until such absence or inability by
sickness shall cease."
This act provided for a vacancy caused by
death in either of the three departments named,
and not for one produced by any other cause.
A vacancy, therefore, arising from resignation
or removal or expiration of term of office, was
not provided for. The omission was supplied
by the act of the 13th of February, 1795, which
gives the President the same authority in the
case of a vacancy, however produced. Like
the act of 1792, it is confined to the State,
Treasury, and War Departments, and differs
from it in limiting the authority to a period of
six months succeeding the vacancy. Doth laws
left unprovided for vacancies occurring in the
other Departments. But it appears by the
evidence that such appointments were made
by all the predecessors of Mr. Johnson in the
Departments not included within the acts re-
ferred to, as well as in those that were included.
And there is nothing to show that their validity
was at any time questioned by Congress. On
such an appointment by President Buchanan
of Judge Holt to the War Department, made
during the session of the Senate, a resolution
was passed calling upon him to state the au-
thority under which he acted. This he did by
the message of January 15, 18U1. In that
message many instances are mentioned of ap-
pointments of the kind in all the Departments
as well during the session as in the recess of
the Senate: and from that time to this im-
peachment the authority of the President had
been considered established.
For the appointment of Thomas, then, the
President had the example of all his prede-
cessors. To hold that he committed a crime or
misdemeanor in making it would, I think, shock
a proper sense of justice, and impute to every
President, from Washington to Lincoln, of-
fenses for which they should have been im-
peached and removed from office. Such an
imputation could not fail to meet the severe
rebuke«and condemnation of the country. But
it is said that the act of 1795 was repealed by
that of the 20th of February, 1883. This seems
to me a palpable error. That act contains no
words of express repeal, nor even of reference
to the one of 1795.
If it does repeal that act, it is only because
its provisions are so inconsistent with it that
the two cannot in any particular stand together.
If they can, upon a well-settled rule of inter-
pretation, they must so stand. Are they so
inconsistent that this cannot be done? 1. The
legal presumption is that Congress, when they
passed the latter act, had the former one be-
fore them, and thattheyintended only to repeal
the former in the particulars for which the
former provides. The policy of such legisla-
tion was adopted in 1789 by the act organizing
the several Departments. By the second sec-
tion of the one relating to the War Depart-
ment, (and the same provision is made as to the
other Departments,) on the removal from office
by the President of the Secretary, or a vacancy
arising from any cause, the chief clerk was to
have charge and custody of all the papers, &c.,
of the office. It was also adopted in 1792,1795,
and 1863, and is in words recognized by the
eighth section of the act of the 2d of March,
1867, itself, in the provision "that whenever
the Piesident shall, without the advice and
consent of the Senate, designate, authorize, or
employ any person to perform the duties of any
office," he shall inform the Secretary of the
Treasury. This provision evidently implies
that the President-had the right to make such
an appointment, and subject it to no other
qualification (and that was unnecessary, as it
was always done before) than that he advise
the Secretary.
This policy is not only conducive, but abso-
lutely necessary to the good of the public ser-
vice. The act of 18f?3 does not embrace the
case of a vacancy arisingfrom removal, or ex-
piration of term. These two cases, therefore,
if the act of 1795 is not in force, and the Pres-
ident has not the power independent of legis-
lation, are without remedy, and the office,
although the event may occur the day after
the termination of a Congress, must remain in
abeyance, and all business connected with it
so remain until the commencement of a suc-
ceeding Congress, which, when the act of 1863
was passed, would have been a period of eight
months. The disastrous condition in which
this might place the country is of itself suffi-
cient to prove that the act of 1795, by which
such a condition would be averted, was not
intended to be repealed by the one of 1863.
And this court, as well as any other court
before whom the question may arise, is bound
to rule against such an appeal.
V. Thus far I have considered the act of
18G7 as constitutional. 1 will now examine
that question. As regards this case, the in-
quiry is only material upon the assumption
(which I have endeavored to show is un-
founded) that Mr. Stanton was within the act
so as to deprive the President of the power to
remove him. Is the act constitutional? The
Constitution is framed upon the theory (the
correctness of which no political student will
deny) that a free constitutional government
cannot exist without a separation oflegislative,
executive, and judicial powers, and that the
complete success of such a separation depends
upon the absolute independence of each.
Under this conviction, the legislative depart-
ment, within the limits of its delegated powers,
is made supreme; and the executive depart-
ment, with a few exceptions, not necessary to
be mentioned, is also made supreme; and the
same is true of the judicial department.
The object of the supremacy of each would
be defeated if either were subordinate to the
others. To avoid this each must necessarily
have the right of self-protection. This is ob-
vious. To put it in the power of the Execu-
tive to defeat constitutional laws passed by
Congress in due form would be to destroy the
independence of that department; and to put
it in the powers of Congress to take away or
limit the constitutional powers of the Execu-
tive would likewise be to destroy the complete
independence of that department. How, then,
are they to maintain their respective rights?
To submit would be to abandon them, and be a
violation of duty. If the Executive interferes
with the lightful authority of Congress that
body must defend itself; and for this purpose
it may resort to impeachment, if the interfer-
ence be a high crime and misdemeanor.
1. Has the President, by the Constitution,
the power to remove officers appointed with
the advice of the Senate? Whatever doubts
were originally entertained upon the point, the
power is too firmly established to be shaken,
if a constitutional question can be settled by
