3486
m® CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
May 16,;
do so before the subject is considered in the
Senate, I may desire to present my views in a
■Written report.
Mr. Tli LTMBULL. Before that passes from
the consideration of the Senate, lest there should
be some misapprehension hereafter, the Senator
from Indiana having indicated that he may
desire to present his views in the shape of a
report, I wish to suggest that as no written
report is made by the majority of the com-
mittee I suppose it would hardly be regular to
wake a minority report. Of course the Sen-
ator will be permitted to present his views;
but it could hardly be in the shape of a report,
I take it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Should I be able to
prepare my report before the Senate considers
the bill, when it is presented I suppose the
question suggested by the Senator from Illinois
will arise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing before the Senate at present.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I have in my
hand an amendment to that bill, which I desire
to offer when it comes up for consideration. I
wish that it may be printed in advance of that
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be received informally and ordered
to be printed, if there- be no objection. The
order to print will be entered.
bills introduced.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 481) to confirm the title to certain lands
in the State of Nebraska; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
482) to quiet the title to lands in the town of
Santa Clara, in the State of California ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the amendments of the Senate to the joint
resolution of the House No. 91, concerning
certain lands granted to railroad companies in
the States of Michigan and Wisconsin, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lutions, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of Tim-
othy Lyden, of Parkersburg, West Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1058) to admit the States
of North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Alabama to representation in
Congress;
A bill (H. R. No. 1059) to relieve ccrtain
citizens of North Carolina of disabilities;
A bill (H. R. No. 1062) to grant the right
of way to the Whitehall and Plattsburg Rail-
road Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 1068) to provide for cer-
tain claims against the Department of Agri-
culture ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1069) for the relief of
Charles B. Tanner, late first lieutenant sixty-
ninth Pennsylvania volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1070) for the relief of
James Rock, of Saginaw, in the State of Mich-
igan ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 264) to pro-
vide for the sale of the site of B'ort Covington,
in the State of Maryland; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 265) for the
relief of Edward E. Shead, of Eastport, State
of Maine.
enrolled bills signed.
The messagealso announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
billsand joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
,4b apt (S. No. 476) to extend the charter of
Washington city, also to regulate the selection
of officers, and f.«r other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 416) for the relief of John S.
Cunningham, paymaster United States Navy;
An act (S. No. 358) providing for the resto-
ration of Lieutenant Comr.iander Trevett Ab-
bott, of the United States Navy, to the active
list of the Navy ;
An act (S. No. 4G2) making appropriations
for the expenses of the trial of the impeach-
ment of Andrew Johnson and other contingent
expenses of the Senate for the year ending J une
80, 1868, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 126) for the re-
lief of George W. Doty, a commander in the
United States Navy on the retired list; ai.-i
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) for the ^p-
pointment of a commission to select suitable
locations for powder magazines.
railroads in wisconsin and michigan.
Mr. HOWE. One of the bills which has
just come from the House of Representatives
has an amendment to it. If there is no sort
of objection, and there is nothing else to do, I
would like the Senate to consider it and con-
cur in the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Can they not be taken up
for the purpose of leferring them, and when
we come to that act upon it I
Mr. HOWE. The Chief Clerk has that bill
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves to proceed to con-
sider the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the amendments of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 91) concerning
certain lands granted to railroad companies
in the States of Michigan and Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the amendment
of the Senate to House joint resolution No. 91.
The amendment was to add to the Senate
amendments the following proviso:
And provided further, That if the said Marquette
and Ontonagon Kailroad Company, in the State of
Michigan, shall not have completed according to
law ten additional miles of their railroad on or be-
foro the 1st day of January, 1809, and shall not in like
manner complete ten miles of said railroad in each
and every year thereafter, then it shall bo lawful for
the Legislature of the said State of Michigan to de-
clare the grant of lands to said company to be for-
feited and to confertbesaid grantof lands upon some
other company in the same manner as if the said
grant was now for the first time made to said State
of Michigan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, _ I hope
this may be permitted to go over. It is a bill
in which I had some concern when it was in
the Senate before; and it appears to me that
the effect of this amendment, from just hearing
it read once, will be that if this Marquette and
Ontonagon Railroad Company shall not build
the road it will be open to the State of Michi-
gan to give the lands to any other railroad
company in any part of the State of Michigan ;
whereas the lands ought to be devoted, if they
are devoted to that purpose at all, to the con-
struction of the line between those two places,
which, of course, was the spirit as well as the
letter of the law that Congress has already
passed upon the subject. I therefore hope my
friend from Wisconsin wilt" permit it to lie on
the table. It can be taken up at any time. I
move that it be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of
Timothy Lyden, of Parkersburg, West "Vir-
ginia—to the Committee on Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 1058) to admit the States
of North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Alabama to representation in
Congress—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 1059) to relieve certain
citizens of North Carolina of disabilities—to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 1062) to grant the right
of way to the Whitehall and Plattsbjirg Rail-
road Company—to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The bill (H. R. No. 1068) to provide for
certain claims against the Department of Agri-
culture—to the Committee on Agriculture.
The bill (H. R. No. 1009) for the relief of
Charles B. Tanner, late first lieutenant sixty-
ninth Pennsylvania volunteers—to the Com-
mittee on Claims. •
The bill (H. R. No. 1070) for the relief of
James Rock, of Saginaw, in the State of Mich-
igan—to the Committee on Claims.
The joint resolution (H.JR. No. 264) to pro-
vide for the sale of the site of Fort Covington,
in the State of Maryland—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution ,(H- B. No. 265) for the
relief of Edward E. Shead, of Eastport, State
of Maine—to the Committee on Claims.
impeachment of the president.
The hour of twelve o'clock having arrived,
the President pro tempore vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice
of the United States.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, having adjourned, the President pro
tempore resumed the chair and called/die Senate
to orderat seven minutes past onej/clock p. m.
proposed recess/
Mr. WILLIAMS. >Mr. President, I move
that the Senate proceed tMlisrconsideration of
the concurrent resolution CT^he House of Rep-
resentatives in reference to an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives:
Jtcsolved by tlic Howe of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That at the adjournment on Satur-
day, the lOtli instant, a recebs be taken until Monday,"
the 25th instant.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the yeas and
nays on that resolution; and, besides making
that demand, I should like to hear from some
Senator who advocates it the reason for this
proposition that the Senate take a recess until
the 25th instant.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the reason is they
want to go home.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend from'Ken-
tucky is always obliging. He volunteers to
give me a reason.
Mr. DAVIS. My reason is that I want to
go home.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that is a very
poor reason, Mr. President. I did not intend
to say a word about this resolution, but I beg
to make one remark. The House of Repre-
sentatives is far in advance of the Senate in
legislative business. I refer now particularly
to appropriation bills and to the bills relating
to the lately rebel States. -It is now far in the
season, and the House of Representatives for
nearly three months has been substantially at
large, its members going without let or hiu-
derance, and the truth being that for a large part
of the time only a small fraction of a quorum
of the House has been here. At the eud of
that time of vacation and relief they propose
a further adjournment of ten days, or what-
ever it may be. I see no reason why we should
agree to it out of regard to the convenience
ot the House; and as to our own convenience,
although Senators may like to go to the Chi-
cago convention, I think they will not like to
stay here through the dog-days, and that cer-
tainly is to be the result if we are to go over
practically until the 1st of June. We are to
commence, then, in the summer months to dis-
pose of the large residuum of legislation which
remains; and the more postponement we take
now the longer in point of actual duration will
be the remainder of the session, I submit to
Senators.
I have no doubt my personal convenience
and disposition would be consulted as much as
that ot almost any other Senator by being ('x-
empted_ from labor and attendance hera for
some time to come; but, looking to the real
convenience of everybody, it seems to .me that
we ought at once to address ourselves to the
