1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3513
has been said in regard to the Land Office, a
few words, not to put the proposed increase
of salary to the Commissioner upon the efficient
manner merely in which that officer performs
his duties, but the many hours required to per-
form them in. It is a fact that the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office is employed an
average of from twelve to fifteen hours every
day of his life in performing his public duties.
The business of that office has so increased
that it is impossible to perform it in the hours
ordinarily allotted to business. I happen to
live in the vicinity of that gentleman, and I
have often tried to communicate with him from
my house in the morning shortly after eight
o'clock ; but I have never yet been able to do
so ; he had gone to the office, and was engaged
in Ins arduous duties. He remains there until
a late hour in the evening, and then carries to
his house work belonging to his public duties,
which he performs in the hours of the night.
Whatever indisposition there maybe—and I now
address myself to my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson,] with whom I generally
agree, and do agree upon the main proposition
that he has in view, that is, against the increase
of salaries—whatever indisposition there may
be, it is a matter of the slightest possible jus-
tice to concede this increase to the officer in
question. I hope that there will be no oppo-
sition to it. If there be an increase due or
rightfully belonging to any officer in this Gov-
ernment, it ought to be conceded to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. If an-
other officer shall succeed the present gentle-
man he cannot in any way perform the public
duties without giving an equal amount of his
time to their performance. I speak of what I
know when I speak on this subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have
no doubt that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is a very valuable officer and
has a very important office; and I have 110
doubt either that his salary ought to be in-
creased.
Mr. CONNESS. Then the Senator will
vote for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps so; perhaps
not. The Senator will hear what more I have
to say on this subject. There are also other
officers in the several Departments whose sal-
aries ought to be increased if you increase
these.
Although I was decidedly of opinion that the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Ohio with regard to the Comptrollers and
Auditors in the Treasury Department ought to
be adopted, yet I saw at the time it was offered
that it would lead to motions to put on a great
many other officers whose salaries ought also to
he increased. There is no doubt that those sal-
aries are too low. But I wish to call the atten-
tion of Senators to the question whether this
mode of doing a tiling by halves or by quar-
ters or by tenth parts is a wise one. If the
Committee on Finance thought that this mat-
ter in the Treasury Department ought to be
rearranged, I think they should have reported
their bill, or else let the whole subject alone.
A great deal has been said about the twenty
per cent, extra compensation. Now you see
what is coming. The honorable Senator from
Nevada very justly moves to amend by insert-
ing the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. Why not on the same principle insert
also the Commissioner of Pensions. He works
as hard, as long, and has as important an
office.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it ought to be
done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. Why not,
then, raise the officer who is over them alland
who works as much as any of them, the As-
sistant Secretary of the Interior, who is a val-
uable, accomplished, and very laborious officer.
His office is of higher grade than those of the
heads of bureaus ; and why should he be left at
$0,000 when you raise the salaries of the heads
of bureaus to §4,000 ? My opinion always has
been that the Assistant Secretaries should cer-
tainly have one half of what is paid to the Sec-
retaiies. A few years ago we raised the sal-
aries of two or three of the Assistant, Secretaries
to §4,000 ; but there was so much trouble about
it that after a good deal of difficulty a com-
mittee of conference fixed all of them, 1 think—
I do not know that I am right about, that, but
my impression is all of them—at $3,500. They
certainly did some of them.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All of them, I believe,
at $3,500. I think that was it. There was a
compromise by which they were fixed at $3,000.
Now, if you raise the salaries of the Comp-
trollers in the Treasury Department to $4,500
and of the Auditors to $4,000, why not put the
Assistant Secretaries in the Treasury Depart-
ment at $4,5(H) also ? They are certainly of a
higher rank. But if you do that, the other
Assistant Secretaries in the other Departments
will say, " Why notputour salaries at$4,500?"
Then, perhaps, it will be as well to fix them at
$4,000 and submit to the apparent anomaly of
having the two Comptrollers, who are very
important officers, to be sure, at $4,500. But
you see you have got to go through. Then
come the Assistant Postmasters General, who
are very valuable officers. One of them told
me some time ago, when the other matter was
under discussion, that so long as others were
left at $3,000 they were content to have theirs
left at §8,000, although it was rather hard to
get along on it; but if you meant to raise the
others in the other Departments they would not
be content unless you raised theirs also. I sup-
pose they have $3,500 now, and the same rule
would apply to them.
Then again, look at it still further. After
you have done this with reference to these
heads of bureaus and xVssistant Secretaries,
come in their order all the clerks in the Depart-
ments clear down to the lowest, and the mes-
sengers, and especially those in the lower grades.
They turn around and say to you, " Is thisjust?
Here you have taken the men who have the
highest salaries;" for that is all they look at;
they do not look at the comparative nature
of the services or the positions; and I think
really it is getting to be pretty strongly argued
by members of Congress; I think I have heard
it intimated in this Chamber that it was very
unjust that you should give a Secretary, the
head of a Department, $8,000, and not give a
clerk $8,000, just as much. Why? Because
he works just as many hours and as hard.
That is getting to be the idea, the leveling
principle that every man in our Government
should stand on exactly the same basis. But
whether that would be the case or not, if you
raise these heads of bureaus and Assistant
Secretaries, which ought to be done, from
$3,000 or $3,500, as the case may be, up to
$4,000 and S4,G00, what will you do with the
argument that here are numerous clerks in the
Departments serving for $1,^00, who have fam-
ilies to support, and cannot live on it; and so
all the way up and down. All these things you
have got to meet when you once begin with
any particular officers to raise their salaries,
however necessary it may be.
Therefore, looking at that, matter, I came to
the conclusion some time ago that you must do
one of two things in order to avoid the diffi-
culties arising from these hard times; you must
either in all the Departments put a fund into
the hands of the head of the Department to
apply it, according to his best discretion, to
the clerks who deserve it, who ought to have
more, and who could not live on their salaries,
in order to retain the services of those men,
ancl trust to that for a few years to tide over
this time of paper money until things get back
to somewhere near their original position, or
else you must go to work at once and reform
and reorganize the several Departments and
put theui on a proper basis. We tried the first
plan in the Treasury Department, and it gave
so much dissatisfaction and created so much
talk and so much denunciation of one kind
and another that it became very unpopular,
although in the Treasury Department I know
that the fund was applied on the principles on
which it was given, because I recommended it
myself, and L recommended it for the purpose
of applying it to keep valuable clerks that could
not be kept in any other way: but at once it
raised the cry in Congress, "Here you are rais-
ing these men who receive the higher salaries,
and you ought to raise all." That plan has
now gone out of date. Gentlemen do not like
that. Very well; then Che other thing to be
done was to reorganize all of these Depart-
ments, and put them on a proper basis and fix
the salaries accordingly. That has this diffi-
culty about it: that when you have once fixed
them, if we should return to specie payments,
and they should be found too high, it will be
pretty difficult to reduce them; and that was
the reason why the other system was adopted
as a temporary expedient.
Now, I wish to warn gentlemen that they have
got to carry this thing through if they begin it
in this way. 1 voted for the motion of the
honorable Senator from Ohio. Why? 1 voted
for it because the Comptrollers and Auditors
ought to have more pay. They have been
receiving more pay in the Treasury Depart-
ment, because up to this year the Secretary of
the Treasury had a fund in his hands by which
he was enabled to increase their pay; and I
know that was the only thing that enabled Mr.
Taylor, who is spoken of, to stay. He said he
would leave the Department once or twice
because of the inadequacy of his salary, aud his
inability to support his family on the amount
that he received; and I agree perfectly with
what has been said by gentlemen, that unless
we are very lucky we shall lose a great deal of
money when he goes out of that particular
bureau. But this increase being begun with
these gentlemen, you have got, in common jus-
tice, to carry it through. You must increase
the salaries of your Assistant Secretaries ac-
cordingly, and you must increase the salaries
of the men who hold the same relative posi-
tions, and whom it costs just as much to live,
in the other Departments as you do in the
Treasury Department. It is no more than
right. Perhaps they should not all receive
exactly the same; but an increase should be
made relatively.
Therefore 1 cannot, in common justice,
after this vote has been passed with reference
to the Comptrollers and Auditors—they hold
very important offices, to be sure, and are
very valuable officers—refuse to vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Nevada, and I
shall make a similar proposition myself, if
nobody else does. I should not have made it
if this proposition had not come from the
Committee on Finance, to increase the salary
of the Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury
Department. If nobody else makes that mo-
tion I shall make it, because I think it no
more than justice. If wc increase the salary
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, we ought to increase at the same time
the salary of the Commissioner of Pensions
and of the Assistant Secretary in the Depart-
ment of the Interior. They are just as valu-
able and laborious officers as he is, and you
cannot make that improper distinction between
them. Therefore, sir, having begun it, let us
carry it through.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it is econ-
omy to starve men holding these very import-
ant offices, or pay them less than will secure
good services. Now, as to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, whether we have
the present incumbent or another we never
should have a man there that could not earn
at least $4,000 a year. It is really one of the
most important bureaus in the whole Govern-
ment, and it affects the interests of the people
at large quite as materially as any other. The
Commissioner must beagood land lawyer, and
in our system, as we are extending it over the
mining regions, it involves the necessity for
continued investigation of that new subject of
law, and requires a man who is not only a
good lawyer, but is willing to work constantly;
an'd $4,000 is the least possible figure that
ought to be offered to a competent person.
