1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
remaining legislation of the session, to the end
that we may finish at the earliest day—at a day
which blia.ll carry us as little way as possible
into the hot season. I shall vote against this
order, and I ask for the yeas and nays upon it,
even if we are to hear no reason why it should
be adopted.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if there be
good reasons for the proposed adjournment I
should like to hear them ; I am not advised of
them. now. There is a large amount of busi-
ness to be done, and that must be done before
this Congress finally adjourns. We have lost
some sixty days in this trial; the summer is
approaching, and if we shall make this adjourn-
ment it will keep us at least that much longer
in the hot weather. I do not want to stay here
through the months of July and August, but if
we shall waste our time as we now propose to
do we shall probably stay here all summer,
unless we adjourn without having transacted
the necessary and important business of the
country. If there are Senators here who are
delegates to the Chicago convention and want
to go, let them go. 1 believe the number is
very lew. They will certainly be excused for
going under the circumstances; but the num-
ber is small, and there will be remaining here
a Senate to transact business. If there be any
good reasons why the Senate should adjourn
let them be stated.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr. President, the
gentlemen who have spoken seem to forget the
fact that an adjournment at least of a few days
at this season of the year has always been ne-
cessary in order that the Chambers of the two
Houses maybe cleansed and put in their sum-
mer garments, the carpets taken up and mat-
ting put down. That is usual at this season in
order to prepare for the hot weather, of which
some gentlemen have so much dread; and it
is for that reason, as I suppose, that this ad-
journment is asked.
Besides, when an exciting convention to pre-
pare for an approach'ng campaign was about
to be held, and gentlemen wished to be absent
to go to it, I do not know that there has ever
been a refusal to extend that privilege. But if
there were no convention at Chicago, these
Chambers need cleansing in order to be fitted
for our comfortable use during the summer,
and I think that is abundant reason for the
resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I assure the
Senate that it is not from any desire to go to
the Chicago convention that I vote for this
recess, [laughter;] but, according to the sug-
gestion of my honorable friend from West Vir-
ginia, ever since 1 have had any knowledge of
Congress, during the long session it has been
usual to make arrangements for the hot months
by the readjustment of the halls of legislation,
putting down matting and other summer cloth-
ing instead of the hot carpets and all that sort
of thing. My honorable friend from New York
invited any Senator who had a reason for voting
for this recess to give it. I did not volunteer
my reason to him. It was only in obedience
to his polite invitation that 1 gave it, and I
think he ought to have accepted it with as much
politeness. It was the best reason I had; in-
deed, it was the only reason I had. I have
another one now, because it has been suggested
to me by my honorable friend from West Vir-
ginia: but when a man gives all that he has
he cannot be expected to give any more. I
want to go home, and for that reason I want
this recess of ten days.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I think
some respect should be shown to the House of
Representatives. That body has expressed a
desire to take a week's recess, and on a ques-
tion of this sort I think that respect, certainly,
ought to be extended to the House.' They
have not been engaged in as fatiguing duties
as have required our attention here from day
to day; notwithstanding that members of the
House ask this recess, and I suppose in part
for the reasons suggested by the Senator from
West Virginia. Eor myself, 1 will say that I
feel like taking a rest from legislative duties
of a few days. We have been confined here
from day to day now for many weeks, and it
has been the most fatiguing service I have ever
been called upon to discharge—;very much
more fatiguing than the ordinary legislative
duties which call us here; and I do not think
really that the business that will occupy our
attention will suffer by taking this recess. Al-
though I do not expect to go to Chicago myself,
I expect to go to a place very much dearer to
me than Chicago ; but if there are Senators or
members of the House who wish to attend that
convention my vote shall not be given to hin-
der them.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I am in-
clined to favor this proposition, and for another
reason. I appreciate the generosity of my
friend from Indiana; but I think there is
another reason, and I desire to present it here.
My friend from Indiana is a candidate for Gov-
ernor of Indiana, and he desires to visit his
constituents. I am anxious to accommodate
him also. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, if I supposed we could gain anything by
remaining in session, I should be in favor of
remaining; but usually at the long session we
have to devote some little time to trimming up
the Halls of the two Houses for the summer,
and we shall be compelled to give some time
for that purpose at all events. My experience
also has been that, whenever these* presiden-
tial conventions take place, those of us who
remain are compelled to come here, and we
find Houses so thin that it is almost impossible
to do business, and we adjourn, sometimes for
one day and sometimes for three days. In
effect we shall gain nothing by remaining, in
my opinion. I shall, therefore, vote to adjourn,
and 1 may add that I shall go home (not to
Chicago) whether the Senate adjourns or not.
Mr. WILSON. Mr'. President, I propose to
vote against the adjournment, and for this rea-
son : the House of Representatives, as has been
stated, are very far ahead of the Senate in their
business, and they have sent us several very
important bills that are now before ns. We
had a report this morning from the Judiciary
Committee in favor of the House bill for the
restoration of Arkansas. The House has also
sent us a bill for the restoration of five other
States. I think we had better stay here and
pass these bills. Besides, the House of Rep-
resentatives have sent us a resolution which,
unless amended, allows only that House to
adjourn. If the members of the House wish
to go to Chicago, I certainly am willing that
they should do so. I take it there are very
few members of the Senate who will go there
if we adjourn, and it does seem to me that we
had better stay here and attend to the pressing
business before us.
It is said that it is necessary to trim up these
Halls. I think this Chamber is well enough
for us to finish this session in, and we can get
along very comfortably in it. I think we ought
to stay here and work every day until we do
up the public business. Now, for two months
we have been engaged in this trial, and we
have a vast accumulation of business. It will
take us two weeks at least to put ourselves
even with the House of Representatives, and
I agree with the Senator from New York that
we had better stay here and do our work, and
1 shall so vote.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, one other
consideration I want to mention.. If we ad-
journ over ten days on account of the Chicago
convention we can do no less on account of the
New York convention, as a matter of course.
Therefore an adjournment until next Monday
week, as proposed, is equivalent to an ad-
journment for twenty days, nearly one month
lost, and here we are on the eve of summer.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. Mr. President, my
experience is that legislative bodies like Con-
gress always adjourn about the same time, no
matter what has happened previously during
the session, and 1 have no doubt that we shall
get about as early an adjournment if we pass
this resolution as we shall get without it.
As to the point made by the Senator from
Indiana, as I understand, there is nothing, in,
it. The gentlemen of the minority, in either
House of Congress, do not contemplate asking
an adjournment in the month of July. This
is the time when the adjournment ought to take
place. It is the usual time. It is asked by tlie
House of Representatives, charged with tlie
initiation of money bills and of business gen-
erally. I perceive no reason why we should
not accept it. I do not believe that the session
will be protracted or that public business will
be delayed by accepting it.
Members know very well, with reference to
a very large number of important questions,
that they cannot be settled this year. They
will necessarily go over until the next session
of Congress, and until after the people of the
country have, to some extent, expressed their
deliberate opinions upon them. All that we
can expect during the present session of Con-
gress is some measures of palliation and of
financial convenience. While the two Houses
are taking this short recess of a few days, and
their Halls are being prepared, the business
members of each House, who prepare the work
in committees and who mature bills and meas-
ures of legislation, will be engaged in that
duty to a great extent. There are a few men
always in each House who may be classed as
working men, who do not desire to go home,
and who devote themselves to the preparation
of business while the others are absent in the
case of such an adjournment as this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
it is said that the House of Representatives is
much in advance of the Senate in the business
of the session. The House of Representatives
I conceive to be a proper judge ot its own busi-
ness, and it has concluded that that business
is in such a condition as to allow it to take the
recess proposed. It is not a proposition for
both Houses to adjourn ; it is a proposition
that the Senate agree to a recess on the part
of the House. What possible objection can
there be to it?
Mr. ANTHONY. It always comes up in
that form, and we always amend it. We cer-
tainly could not think of parting with our
friends of the House and letting them go
unless we go also.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was not an-
ticipating that. As the proposition stands, I
can see no possible objection to it. Let the
House take their recess if it is true that they
are in advance of the Senate in the business
of the session, and then I should hope that the
Senate might find it convenient to stay during
the week and transact some business. As the
resolution stands, 1 see no objection to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the House
of Representatives is not m advance of tlie
Senate in business. The House is behind the
Senate : that is to say, the business which must
be originated in the House before it comes to
us is a great deal behind. The House will
have a bill under consideration five or six
months, send it .over to us, and then be-
cause we do not pass it in a fortnight they say
they are greatly ahead of us in their business.
I think the business before us is more nearly
closed up than the business before the House.
The Senator from Maine, who is at the head
of the Committee on Appropriations, knows
that his business is nearly closed up. So I
think he told me the other day. He suggested
that he had nothing to bring up. I move to
amend the resolution in the usual form so as
to apply to both Houses. The Clerk has the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island will
be read.
The amendment was read. It was to insert
after the word "adjournment" the words "of
the two Houses' so as to make the resolution
read:
That at the adjournment of the two Houses on'
Saturday, the 16th instant, a recess be taken until
Monday, the 25th. instant.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do pot
