SUPPLEMENT - TO
for® be.examined in order to determine whether
what is charged to have been done by the re-
spondent was a, violation of that act and of the
JEhe.plain and evident intention of the act
= just.referred to is tjiat no person appointed to
-any.:offic&b.y and ■yrith the advice and consent
of thft Senate shall be removed th§refrom,
although 1}0 may besuspended in certain speci-
fied cases, without the like advice and eonseBt.
IJi^re is po question that Mr. Stanton was so
appointed to the .office of Secretary of War,
and was duly qualified to act therein. In order
to prevent a removal from any such office the
act provides, ineffect, that the incumbent shall
hold it until his successor is in like manner
apjjointed.and duly qualified, unless the time
is limited by law, and shall expire before such
appointment and qualification. The proviso
in- the first section does not, in my opinion,
except any of the Cabinet officers from the
operation of the preceding clause of the same
section, although, for the first time, it specific-
ally limits their respective terms. If, as is
alleged, the proviso leaves it doubtful as to
the duration of Mr. Stanton's term, it is, in
my opinion, certain that at the time the said
order in writing was issued his tenure was pro-
tected by the preceding clause. In its very
language he was, and is still, "holding a civil
office to which he has been appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,"
and the order in writing not only addresses
him as Secretary/or the Department of War,
but asserts that his "functions as such will
terminate on receipt of that communication."
The sixth and only penal section of the act
which refers to a case like that under consid-
eration provides that every removal, appoint-
ment, or employment made, had, or exercised
contrary to the provisions of that act shall be
deemed, and is thereby declared to be, a high
misdemeanor. It therefore appears that the
act of the respondent complaincd of, if it was
criminal, must be obnoxious to the provisions
of this section.
The charge made by the first article is, that
the respondent did "issue an order in writing
(which is set out at full length) for the removal
of Edwin M. Stanton from the office of Secre-
tary for the Department of War." This is the
whole of it, so far as the acts as distinguished
from the intentions of the respondent are con-
cerned. There is not even an allegation that
the order in writing was ever delivered to, or
served on, Mr. Stanton, or ever directed to be
so delivered or served, or that any attempt was
made to deliver or serve it; or, iu fact, that
Mr. Stanton ever saw or beard of it.
As the order in writing is neither an appoint-
ment or employment it must, have effected a
removal, or have been, at least, an attempt to
remove, in order to constitute a violation of
the act; but no removal or attempt to remove
is charged, and consequently the respondent
could not have been guilty "of a high misde-
meanor, as charged in this (first) article."
Had an attempt to remove been charged there
was still no averment of even attempted deliv-
ery, or service of the order in writing. "To
issue," which means simply to send forth, can-
not imply a delivery or service ; and if there
is evidence of a delivery to be found in the
proceedings it cannot be applicable to this
article, in which there is no charge or aver-
ment. This objection may seem technical, but
a consideration of the whole article will show
that it is substantial, and that a service or
delivery was, in fact, necessary to complete
the alleged offense, especially if it is observed
that the order in writing addressed to Mr.
Stanton says, " Your functions as such (Sec-
retary of War) will terminate upon receipt of
this communication,"' and consequently not
till_ then. It is, therefore, evident that the
delivery to and rceeipt by Mr. Stanton of the
order in writing was necessary to complete his
removal from office, if any mere writing could
have that effect.
Admitting that the intents of the respondent
in issuing the order in writipg were precisely
as charged, it may be questioned whether they,
together with the act done, constitute a high
misdemeanor. Of course the intent alone
does not. It merely qualifies or characterizes
the act, and however reprehensible the former
may be the latter must be of itself unlawful.
There is no clause in the act that forbids or
denounces the mere issue, without some further
act, of such a paper as the order in writing,
and sueh an issue could not he even an attempt
to remove from office. By the very terms of
the order any intention to remove Mr. Stanton
until he had received it is negatived, and there
is no charge or allegation that he did receive it.
It has been suggested that the answer of the
respondent to the first article contains confes-
sions which cure the defects above indicated.
To this I reply that the answer cannot confess
what is not charged.
The second article is based upon the letter
of authority issued and delivered by the re-
spondent to General Lorenzo Thomas. It
charges that the respondent, with intent to vio-
late the Constitution and the tenure-of-office
act, the Senate being then in session, and there
being no vacancy in the office of Secretary of
War, did issue and deliver to the said Thomas
the aforesaid letter of authority, which is set
out at full length, Referring to some remarks
made above on the first article, it is plain that
the issue and delivery of the letter of authority
cannot be a violation of the Constitution un-
less it is also a violation of the tenure-of-office
act, which is charged. In order, therefore, to
ascertain whether the charge made in the sec-
ond article covers a misdemeanor the act itself
must be reviewed.
The most rigid examination of that act will
fail to disclose that its provisions anywhere
refer to an ad. interim appointment, except in
its second section, where, in case of a suspen-
sion, such an appointment is authorized. The
language, after stating what offense or miscon-
duct will authorize a suspension, is that "in
such case, and in no other," "the President
may suspend such officer, and designate some
suitable person to perform temporarily the
duties of such office," &c. Hero the suspen-
sion is the principal thing, and the temporary
designation the subordinate. This justifies the
construction that the words " in such case, and
no other," mean that only such cases as are
specified in the beginning of the section, oc-
curring in a reccss of the Senate, will author-
ize suspension. They do not and cannot mean
that in no other ease shall there be a tempo-
rary designation or appointment. Such a con-
clusion is forbidden by the fact that temporary
designations were, aj, the passage of the act,
and still are, authorized by both law and cus-
tom.
Turning to the penal sections of the tenure-
of-office act it will be seen that the fifth applies
only to those who accept, hold, or exercise
any office or employment contrary to the pro-
visions of that act; and, as General Thomas is
not upon trial, its further consideration may
be dismissed. If, then, the respondent com-
mitted a misdemeanor under this article, the
act or acts done by him must have been such
as are described in the sixth section.
That section declares that "every removal,
appointment, or employment made, had, or
exercised, contrary to the provisions of this
act, and the making, signing, sealing, coun-
tersigning, or issuing of any commission or
letter of authority, tor or m respect to any
sueh appointment or employment," shall be
deemed_ a high misdemeanor. Leaving out
of consideration the word removal, which is
not involved in the charge, the section includes
only appointments and employments made,
had, or exeieised, contrary to the provisions
of the tenure-of-otlice act, aud certain acts re-
lating to such appointments and employments.
As the latter are a consequence of the former,
and as if the former was legal, the latter, in
the same case, would be legal also ; and, in
fact, there could be no employment without a
previous appointment—the former may be
considered as included in the latter—so that
if the appointment of General Thomas was
legal, or the reverse, his employment would
bear the same character.
It may be fairly questioned whether the au-
thority conferred on General Thomas was in
its nature an appointment,, in the strict legal
sense of that term. The letter set out in the
article simply empowers and authorizes him to
act, and does not use the word appoint, or any
equivalent term. In the case of a suspension,
authorized by the second section, it is not said
that the President inay appoint, but that he
may " designate some suitable person," &e.
The term appointment may be familiarly used in
such cases; but what is questioned is whether
such is its proper legal application. Conceding
this, however; it remains to inquire whether the
appointment of General Thomas was, in the
language of the penal sections, "contrary to
the provisions of the act." It is very evident
that the aet refers everywhere to appointments
made by and with the consent of the Senate,
except in the second section, aud there so far
only as the same relates to the designation of
a person to act ad interim in the case of a sus-
pension, which has been already noticed. It is
very certain that an ad interim appointment,
designation, or authorization has never been
held, or, so far as I am informed, even sup-
posed to require the advice and consent of the
Senate. It does not seem, therefore, that the
letter of authority, as it is called in the article,
is contrary,to the provisions of the tenure-of-
office act. As the making, signing, &c., of
any letter of authority, made penal by the
sixth section, must be for or in respect to such
an appointment, &c., as is contrary to the pro-
visions of the act, and it has been shown that
the letter of authority to General Thomas did
not relate to such an appointment, the issue
and delivery of it did not constitute a misde-
meanor, as charged in the second article.
The third article is also based upon the let-
ter, to General Thomas, which is set forth at
length, but is not here called a letter of author-
ity, but an appointment. It is not charged to
have been issued contrary to the tenure-of-
office act; but the remarks on the preceding
article may properly be referred to here. The
charge is that, under circumstances precisely
similar to those stated in the second article,
the respondent did, without authority of law,
the Senate being in session, appoint one Lo-
renzo Thomas to be Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War ad interim, without the advice
and consent of the Senate, with intent to vio-
late the Constitution, no vacancy having hap-
pened in the said office during the recess of
the Senate or existing at the time.
It will be observed that it is not charged that
the Secretary was not temporarily absent from
the office, or sick, in which cases the so-called
appointment would have been legal. The act
of the respondent is alleged to have been done
without authority of law, with intent to violate
the Constitution. If it can be deemed a full
appointment it was such a violation, for such
appointments require the advice and consent
of the Senate; but as the letter, the only evi-
dence on the subject, shows it to have been
only ad interim, and the Constitution makes
no mention of such appointments, it does not
appear that it can be sueh a violation. As to
its being done "without authority of law," it
can hardly be intended to assert that every act
for which a special or general permission of
law is not shown is unlawful aud a misde-
meanor. Yet this is the only ground on which
the alleged act of the respondent is charged to
be the latter.
The fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh articles
are severally based ou an alleged conspiracy
of the respondent and General Thomas. It is
sufficient to say as to these that there is no
evidence before the Senate which furnishes
proof of even a technical conspiracy.
As to the eighth article, it may be remarked
that the evidence relating to its subject clearly
shows that theatZ interim, appointment of Gen-
eral Thomas, or of any other person, would
not have enabled the respondent " to control
