3514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
The present incumbent is competent. When
he shall go out you certainly cannot get a
competent person to take the office at $o,0()!>
with its additional labors. The labors are now
more complicated and much increased over
what they were formerly. That office being a
striking example of this insufficiency of pay,
and knowing something about the duties of
the office, I have offered this amendment..
I concur with the Senator from Maine that
other officers who are equally meritorious, if
there are such, and I presume there are sev-
eral of them, ought to be relieved. I think
it should be done in every case where it is
manifestly just; but we ought not to put this
off on that account. They can be put on some
other bill, and let this bill go through with this
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is just as much
justice in putting them on here as there is for
putting on this case.
Mr. STEWAUT. There may be.
Mr. HAIILAN. I do not wish to be mis-
apprehended here. I advocate the Senator's
amendment; but I gave notice last evening
that 1 would move to day to amend the bill so
as to put the Commissioner of Pensions and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs on the same
basii. There is, as the Senator from Maine
has justly observed, the same reason for it.
Mr. FICSSENDEN. Why not include the
Assistant Secretary also ?
Mr. HAIILAN. I have an amendment to
increase his salary to the same as is here
allowed to the Comptrollers, $4,500. Mr.
President, the salary of the Commissioner of
Pensions (although that is not now strictly in
order) was 'Lxed, I suppose, at the same time
that the saUry of the Comptrollers was fixed,
when the disbursements from that bureau
amounted to but a few thousand dollars a year.
They now amount to more than thirty millions
annually. The office has increased from a
dozen or so of clerks to three or four hundred
elt'tks. if there is any propriety in increas-
ing the pay of any of these officers them is a
propriety in increasing the pay of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions; and I intend to make that
motion, if this amendment should carry, and
1 think it ought to carry, if the amendment of
the committee is to prevail.
The Senator from Maine said lie was not in
favor of doing things by piece-meal. That is
the reason, I suppose, that the Senator from
Nevada has offered his amendment. It will
be my reason for offering the amendment that
I propose to offer. If the pay of the heads of
bureaus in any one of the Departments is to be
increased because the present salary is insuffi-
cient, then the pay of the heads of bureaus in
other Departments, where the labor is equally
great, and where the salary is insufficient, ought
to be increased. I am of the opinion personally
that this is the better way to add the twenty
per cent., to give to those whose labors justify
the increase. I have no doubt that the pay of
some of the clerks ought to be increased ; but
1 do not believe that it ought to be increased in
that mode, by adding a per cent, to the whole.
As I have observed in the Senate heretofore, I
believe that that pay should be given which will
command the services required. The same
rule should be established in regard to the per-
formance of labor for the Government that is
established in employing people to do labor for
private individuals. A sufficient salary should
be given to command the services demanded.
While I am on my feet, I may remark in
relation to the Commissioner of Pensions, as
it will save mo the trouble of rising again, that
there is a case where the Commissioner did
resign and left the office on account of the in-
sufficiency of his pay, and an abler officer and
a purer man perhaps has never seived the Gov-
ernment. lie resigned and left the office arid
returned to private life, where he can make
more money by the perfoimance of less labor.
There is at this time no Commissioner of Pen-
sions in existence. The chief clerk at present
is performing the duties of that office. I do
not know whether the President finds it impos-
sible to get a man fit for the place to take that
office at the present pay or not; but it has been
vacant for some time.
Perhaps I might make the same remarks with
great propriety in relation to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs.
Mr. UPTON'. T have said not o.ie word
during the progress of these investigations;
but if it is a fact, as the Senator from Iowa
has just asserted, that gentlemen receiving
such salaries as are received by the commis-
sioners are retiring on account of the inade-
quacy of the support, I wish to suggest that it,
is also a fact known to every Senator here that
there are thousands of men in all these Depart-
ments who are absolutely suffering for want of
adequate pay, men who have just as heavy fam-
ily expenses, who have just as heavy expenses
relative to the education of their children, as
those gentlemen receiving larger pa}-, and who
are undoubtedly in many cases induced to
resign on account of the inadequacy of their
support. I trust, therefore, that if we con-
tinue to increase the salaries of those who have
now the higher grade of pay, it will be with
the distinct understanding that we shall not
slacken our hands until we have done ample
and adequate justice to all the employ6s of the
Government. And if I was satisfied that such
was the determination of the Senate, and that
an increase could in some proper and legiti-
mate and safe manner be made to the pay of
the clerks throughout the Departments gen-
erally, I would most heartily indorse all these j
propositions which seem to be fragmentary and }
very unsatisfactory in the mede of accomplish- j
ing the general result. j
In regard to the case of the Commissioner j
of the General Land Office, I desire to say, |
and it was especially for the purpose of making
a remark on that point that 1 rose, that having
known him for seventeen years very intimately,
having served with him for three years in the
Land Office many years ago, I should not be
doing my duty toward him, I should be stifling
all the bettei feelings of my nature, if 1 did not 1
aver in the presence of these gentlemen who j
have so much knowledge on the subject of the
efficiency of officers that I believe there is no
more efficient officer in connection with the
Government in the city of Washington than
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
A more laborious man I have never known ;
and undoubtedly it has been his pride not only
to discharge the daily duties devolved upon
him, but to make himself a first-rate lawyer;
and as a land lawyer I apprehend that he has
nothing to ask of any gentleman connected
with the Government, or perhaps connected
with Congress, in any respect. As to his will-
ingness to work it exceeds almost his ability,
if that were possible. Certainly if there is an
officer who deserves any advance in his pay it
must be the Commissioner of the General Land
Office ; and I say nothing disparagingly of any
other of the gentlemen occupying analogous
positions, for my acquaintance with them, and
the intricacy of the duties which they perform,
is not so great, or perhaps I should say the
same in regard to them.
I therefore desire to see the amendment pre-
vail. and I trust we will resolve when we are
dealing with this subject by piece-meal that we
will also do it in detail, and do justice before
we adjourn to all the employes of the Govern-
ment.
Air. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. CONKLING. Before voting on this
proposition, I wish to submit an observation.
The proposition is to pay a number of officers
here described $4,000 a year in lieu of $3,000.
which they now receive. Their compensation
as it is is as large as that paid in many States
to the judges of the highest courts in those
States, and my inclination is to believe, if that
were the question which I wished to discuss,
that the compensation is not now inadequate.
I waive that,-however, for the purpose of com-
ing to the question whether an amendment of
this sort is wise to correct the evil, ifit be true
that some of these men are inadequately paid.
The Assistant Postmasters General, for ex-
ample, stands here now in a predicament in
which no addition can be made for them with-
out violating the rules of the Senate, because
no notice of such an amendment has been
given ; and the same thing is true with regard
to a number of officers of similar grade. There-
fore, to justify this amendment entirely, I sub-
mit that we must find in it ar. enumeration of
those persons in whose case especially this
hardship exists. Is that true, Mr. President,
of this amendment? The way to determine its
truth is to take particular officers, and not to
considerall these persons together. 1 will take
now the case of the Register of the Treasury,
and I refer only to what the public prints have
said, and therefore not to what is known in
executive session, when I state that recently
the incumbent of this office evinced a very great
disposition to obtain it and hold it. It was a
marked instance of activity and enterprise in
the acquisition of office. Indeed, I believe T
shall not trench upon executive secrets if I say
that the departmental history of the Govern-
ment furnishes but few examples of such agil-
ity, of such dexterity, in obtaining office and a
commission to office as were exhibited in this
case, because the public knows that after the
newspapers of' the city recorded a motion to
reconsider his confirmation a commission was
obtained and carried through its various stages
and lodged in the hands of the person of whom
I am speaking, and he took an oath to enter
upon the discharge of the duties of the office,
so as, if possible, to close the door against
any challenge of his right to hold the office.
This occurred, I think, about two months
ago. The Senator from Vermont [Air. Ed-
munds] perhaps will remember more accurately
than 1 do when it was. I think it. iva< not
more than two months ago ; and now, after the
lapse of that brief interval, at the commence-
ment of which this gentleman was so ready
and so eager to obtain ibis office, at a coinne'i-
sation then fixed by law, we propose to add
$1,000 to him. Upon what principle? Will
any Senator say that there is danger of his
resigning because by turning to the quiet paths
of private life he can make more money in
some other way? Will any Senator, without
disparaging him, tell the Senate that $3,000 a
year is not a compensation full and ample for
his services, no matter in what direction they
are devoted? Why, then, should he be put
higher, why should he be singled outand placed
upon a roll on which the Commissioner of the
Land Office, the First, Second, aud Third
Assistant Postmasters General, and others
whom I might mention do not appear, and to
be decorated 
Mr. WILSON. He must have a great deal
of work to do, it appears, because he appoints
a great many clerks.
Air. CONKLING. I know a statement has
been read here that this gentleman found cast
upon him among the first of his duties the
necessity of appointing, I believe, thirteen men
and one hundred and seventeen women as
clerics at an expense, as I understood the Sena-
tor troni New Hampshire to state, amounting
to $109,000 a year, and that sum to be paid
out of the money appropriated to defray the
expenses of loans. X do not know but that
just as it stands is satisfactory to persons
who know more about it than 1 do; but per-
sons outside of this Chamber who think they
know a great, deal about it. and who have spent
time investigating it, are greatly dissatisfied,
without being 1 think partisans in the matter.
Now, Mr. President, this amendment involves
one ingredient to which I wish to call attention.
The other day in Committee of the Whole the
Senate imported into this bill the provision
which had expired giving a large sum of money
to the Secretary of the Treasury with which to
pay temporary clerks. Seeing that it was to
be adopted, as everybody saw, I consoled my-
self, and audibly expressed the consolation that
I felt that the amendment then proposed had
