1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
ment of the United States for the payment
of any legitimate demands. I am opposed to
appropriating money for tlie general settle-
ment of these accounts for sums due to "emi-
nent counsel," and for other matters in con-
nection with legal proceedings, until we-have
a more full statement of the details of the
business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the Senator a question. Suppose he was an
agent of the Govornment, had been doing their
business, and had an amount of money grow-
ing out of his agency in his hands, and in con-
sequence of his action in reference to that
matter some sixty or a hundred suits were
pending against him, would he think it right
that the Government should compel him to
defend those suits with his own money out of
his own pocket, go through the whole process,
pay all the expenses, pay the judgment, and
then come to Congress and go through the
ordeal here of asking Congress to settle his
bill?
Mr. STEWART. I think it would be just
right. I think this Government should have
no such sets of agents, with indefinite amounts
of money, to get involved in suits.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not agents; the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in the execution of the
laws, has any right to involve himself in suits
where he is personally liable. If he has done
so he must have gone outside of the law. 1
do not see that any agent of the Government
should be authorized to get into troubles, and
then keep back an unlimited amount of money
in his hands to settle those troubles. I object
to all this vast discretion- Why put a man
in a condition where he may get sued and retain
money in his hands to settle the case? It seems
to me that when a public officer or agent col-
lects money it should be paid into the Treas-
ury. If he has incurred liabilities in the dis-
charge of his duties, of course, in a proper case,
he must be indemnified, and Congress will
attend to that in this case, as it does in the case
of all officers. Take the case of our revenue
officers; may a tax collector retains in his hands
money to settle any contingent liabilities that
may arise? It will open a great door to fraud
to allow any such proceedings. Suppose a
sheriff has an execution in his hands; is he
allowed to keep the money until he can settle
on his own responsibility with every person
who may complain about his action?
-Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit me
to remind him that that is not this case? This
■ requires every cent of the money in everybody's
hands to be paid into the Treasury, and then
it can only be drawn out according to the reg-
ular routine of Treasury operations, upon the
examination of Auditors and the counter exam-
ination of Comptrollers and the regular judicial
investigation, which is the foundation of every
warrant that takes money out of the Treasury.
That is not like a man retaining money in his
own discretion.
Mr. STEWART. Then this amounts to an
appropriation, because you say that an amount
not exceeding a certain sum shall be appro-
priated to this purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. It is an ordinary appro-
priation for a purpose you do not understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I understand it.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think the Senate
does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The gentleman from
Nevada must not judge the rest of us by him-
self.
Mr. STEWART. Psuppose if the rest of
the Senate understand it they can state defi-
nitely the items.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It hasbeen stated once.
Mr. STEWART. I have not seen any state-
ment of items. It has been simply said that
there is various litigation going on. I think
before we agree to such legislation we ought
to understand thoroughly what it is about.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator
whether in Nevada there is any practice by
which the expenses of a trial can be ascertained
before the trial takes place?
Mr. STEWART. I never knew a person
employed with an unlimited amount of money
to conduct litigation in Nevada or anywhere
else and not be accountable to his principal.
I never saw or heard of anything of that kind.
This amendment is simply to appropriate what-
ever Mr. McCulloch may think is due to A, B,
and C: and he is to settle it. Is there any
limit to the amount that they shall be paid ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator is
laboring under some misapprehension. The
amendment provides, as 1 understand, that
expenses which have been incurred in the
suits now pending, which would be defrayed
out of this fund if it were not directed to go
into the Treasury, shall be paid in the ordinary
way. The Secretary of the Treasury has noth-
ing to do with them; they go to the Auditor
and Comptroller in the regular way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I have
repeated over and over again.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every account must go
through the Treasury Department, and the
money cannot be drawn exccpt after it has
undergone the examination of the Auditor and
Comptroller.
Mr. STEWART. It seems that in the case
to which I have referred $58,000 were paid to
settle one suit. It seems to me that under this
provision the Secretary may allow any amount
he chooses to any attorney. Certainly these
accounts ought to come here before there is an
appropriation to pay them. Ought not the
proposition to go to the Committee on Appro-
priations? 1 think so. I am asked to vote this
appropriation without having before me the
items of which it is composed. Surely itis an
appropriation—an appropriation for counsel
feesand expenses of litigation. Gentlemen say
the expenses are to be determined at the Treas-
ury and paid there. That is the proposition.
I do not know where the suits are pending, or
what the amount is, or what service those who
are to get this money have rendered, or are to
render, or how the expenditure has grown up.
I am simply asked to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to settle whatever expenses
may have been incurred to that amount.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Where are the cases
pending, and how many of them are there?
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ Nearly one hundred;
most of them in the city of New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are about sixty
pending against one agent of the Treasury for
operations down in Mississippi, I understand,
or somewhere in that vicinity.
Mr. STEWART. We had better have the
accounts of the agents and the facts submitted
to us before we make the appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are ordered by this
measure to pay the money into the Treasury.
Mr. STEWART. And then, by this amend-
ment, the Secretary is authorized to pay it out
on a general appropriation, leaving it entirely
to his discretion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The accounts must go
through the accounting officers of the Treasury.
. Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that if this
is an appropriation of money for expenses
incurred in cotton transactions, it should go to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amount is limited, I
understand, and cannot exceed a certain sum.
It is impossible to tell in advance what ex-
penses may be incurred or will be incurred by
the Secretary in the management of these
eases. The cases may be pending in various
States and in different courts. He may not be
able to get counsel at the same rate of com-
pensation. Some charge more and some charge
less. In some cases, where the amount in-
volved is very large, the charge is greater than
in others where the amount is very small. It
is impossible, therefore, to do anything more
than to make a general appropriation to enable
the Secretary to defray the expense which may
be incurred. He cannot go beyond the limit.
Mr. HOWE. I am rather inclined to think,
from what little experience I have had, that
we had better agree to this amendment. "It
will put something in the Treasury, I suppose;
and if we appropriate $100,000 a"s a condition
for that I do not think that is much. But I
will ask the Senator from Vermont why he
takes the pains to appropriate this $100,000
out of this fund? Why not appropriate it
"out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. It might have been just
as well; but the practice has been so far, ever
since this business was begun, to keep this
fund separate, by itself, so as to see how we
should come out with it at the end. The prac-
tice has been to pay all the expenses of the
business out of it, and to keep a separate ac-
count of the whole matter, instead of opening
a new account in the books; and, therefore, it
was following out that idea which had been
practiced so far that I framed the amendment
in that way.
Mr. HOWE. I could see that it was very
sensible, while the Secretary carried this money
in his pocket, that he should not confound
whatever account he kept of it with the ac-
counts that were kept of the funds in the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the largest part of it
is already on the books of the Treasury and in
the Treasury.
Mr. HOWE. But I understand the purpose
•f this resolution is to put it all in the Treasury,
whatever there is left of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be carried to
the account of the same fund.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see why there should
be a separate account made of it. After it
gets into the Treasury it is so much added to
the assets of the Treasury Department; and
then I suppose there will be a new account
opened with this appropriation which you make
in this bill, and whatever is charged to that
appropriation will be on one side. Why you
should take pains to distinguish that you get
the appropriation itself from a particular source
or out of a particular fund, I do not understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have stated the only
reason, that, so far, from the beginning of the
business, these moneys have been kept sop-
Mr. C0NKLING-. The Senator from Ver-
mont seems to be the fountain of light, not the
fountain of money, on this point, and I should
like to know from him something about it.
What is the distinction, in point of necessity
and convenience, between such a case as this
and the instance of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury employing counsel in various cases before
the Court of Claims? An inquiry was made
some time ago as to the employment of counsel
there, the query in the mind of the Senate
being, whether the Secretary had any right to
do that ? He sent us a communication saying
that he had employed ex-Senator Cowan, and
perhaps others ; atall events Mr. Cowan. That
was an answer, as I say, to the inquiry upon
the point of authority ; but nobody suggested,
either on behalf of the Senate or the Secretary,
that there was any inconvenience in employ-
ing counsel in a good many different cases
without an appropriation being made before-
hand. What is it, if there be anything, peculiar
to this case winch makes it necessary to arm
the Secretary in advance with a round fund
upon which he is to draw, as I interpret the
amendment, for any expenditures which he
himself may think are appropriate ? I under-
stand the provision is, that this $100,000, or a
sum not to exceed that, is appropriated for
incidental expenses, and other words rather
vague, which, in substance, put at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury this
amount of money. If there is anything peculiar
to this case I should like to know it. I do not
understand whatsit is, I confess. I _do_ not
make the suggestion in the spirit of criticising
the Secretary of the Treasury at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from New
York had attended to the debate when it began
with that pertinacity with which he usually
