84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Senate to pass it. I have before alluded to
that resolution. My judgment then was, and
is now, that had that resolution passed both
Houses ot' Congress unanimously that bill
would have been paid within six months. Then
we were not a Power to be trifled with. We
then had over six hundred ships of war ia com-
mission and fifty-fourthousand sailors on board
of them. Those ships were armed, provisioned,
aud manned, and we could have assembled the
largest fleet that the world ever saw in twenty
days. But, sir, that resolution I believe went
to the Committee on Foreign Relations and
was never heard from after.
During the year 1865 the rebellion was
brought to a close; our armies were disbanded;
our ships were put out of commission, and we
then were not prepared to demand at the can-
non's mouth a settlement of these claims ; and
in the winter of 1865 I offered a resolution in
this body declaring non-intercourse until those
claims should be paid. I believed then, and I
believe now, that had that resolution of non-
intercourse been passed our "Alabama"
claims would have been paid within six months
from its passage ; but, sir, it was not.
In the winter of 1866 I again moved that our
neutrality laws be so changed as to conform to
the British construction of their neutrality
laws. Sir, had we abolished all of our neu-
trality laws I believe that then those claims
would have been paid. When I first offered
that resolution 1 was anxious for the payment
of the claims. We were then expending a
thousand million dollars a year or more, and
forty or fifty millious was a matter to us of
some consequence, and I desired to replen-
ish our Treasury. Had Great Britain come up
and promptly paid those clainjs and apologized
to the Government for the wrong she had done
us I might, perhaps, have been willing to lay
aside other considerations and other damages ;
but, sir, she did not meet us in a friendly or
conciliatory spirit. She refused to recognize
our claims ; she would not consider them even;
she threw them out of court. And now, sir,
the day has gone by when I desire to hear
the Alabama claims ever again alluded to.
What I was then willing to accept I would
to-day utterly repudiate.
Sir, the Alabama claims were but a small
moiety of the damage done to us by her proc-
lamation of neutrality. Every ship that went
to sea during those four years of war paid ten
per cent, for a war risk. There was an item
in dollars and cents, and a large one, that
should have been added to the Alabama claims.
In addition to that are the $2,000,000,000 that
that proclamation cost us, the thousand ships
that it cost us, and the two hundred thousand
lives. Great Britain can never restore those
two hundred thousand lives, but she can pay
th# $2,000,000,000, and she can pay the Ala-
bama claims, and she can pay all other losses.
Those claims are all added up in one round
sum, $2,000,000,000 in all, and they are to-
day a first mortgage on every acre of land
that Great Britain owns on this continent or
the adjacent islands, and they are good security.
I am not only satisfied with the claim but I am
satisfied with the security. We are informed
that the Secretary of State has bought one or
two little islands down somewhere in the Gulf
of Mexico. I give notice that I will never vote
one single dollar to pay for another acre of
land until that mortgage has been foreclosed,
until we have taken possession of the property
and see whether we want any more. The claim
is a good one and the security is good for the
whole amount. It is good for the $2,000,000,-
000; it is good for the thousand ships; it is
good for the Alabama claims; and it is good
for all claims that we have against them. And,
sir, when we have shut Great Britain off from
this continent and the adjacent islands it will
satisfy the national honor as well.
The national honor is not satisfied with dol-
lars and cents. We have been wounded in
a way that dollars and cents will never satisfy;
but when we own this continent, or at least the
portion of it that Great Britain now holds,
when we have foreclosed that mortgage and
taken possession and own the whole, our
national honor as well as our national claims
will all be satisfied; and I now give notice
that the Alabama claims will never again be
alluded to by me until the time arrives to lore-
close that mortgage; then, sir, you will find
me ready.
But, sir, this question of neutrality has
nothing at all to do with the Alabama claims.
I said there were some strong points of resem-
blance between these two cases. As I explained
at first, this resolution is identical with the
proclamation; thqj; fire both the same. If
this is not good statesmanship, then it is because
Gi£at Britain has set us a bad example; the
statesmanship is hers, not ours; I simply pro-
pose that we shall follow her pattern.
The Bible teaches us, "whosoever shall
smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him
the other also." That, so far as individuals
are concerned, if they have arrived at a high
state of Christian perfection, is undoubtedly a
good Christian rule; but nations have no souls,
and nations must be punished on this earth for
national sins. Therefore the divine injunction
does not apply to nations. There is no here-
after for a nation. Hence from the earliest
ages down to the present time national sins
have been visited by national judgments. God
has from time to time used nations to punish
other wicked nations; but where the instru-
ment used was itself a criminal the crime was
punished, although the agent may have been
for the time being the agent of the Almighty.
We had our national sins, and we have suffered
a terrible national punishment. God, in His
infinite' mercy and goodness and judgment,
used Great Britain to punish us with ; but does
that exempt Great Britain from punishment
for her sins ? Sir, she must be punished for
her national sins as we have been punished
for our national sins.
As I said a moment ago, the contest between
Great Britain and Abyssinia and the contest
between the Government of the United States
and the rebels have several points of similar-
ity. The so-called rebel States lay adjacent to
the route of the commerce of the United States.
Abyssinia lies right on the great highway of
the English commerce with the East. England
almost controls the commerce of the China
seas and the Indian ocean. The Government
of Abyssinia lies right on the route of Eng-
lish commerce. The rebels had no flag on
land or water, nor did they own any land or
water. The kingdom of Abyssinia was an old
kingdom when England was first recognized as
a Government. Abyssinia has had a flag for
thousands of years, but for the last few years
she has had no flag upon the water. Pass this
resolution, sir, and you put the Abyssinian
flag upon the ocean as Great Britain put the
rebel flag upon the ocean. They do not need
that their flag should be recognized on land.
It is already a recognized flag, and has been,
as I said before, for thousands of years.
Then, again, there is another reason why we
should exercise perfect neutrality in the con-
test between these Powers. It seems that this
is simply a matter of court etiquette. There
have been some love passages, it seems, between
the king of Abyssinia and the queen of Great
Britain. In God's name, what have we to do
with the loves and amours of kings and princes?
The king of Abyssinia considers that his prop-
osition was not treated with proper respect. I
do not know anything about that and am not
disposed to interfere. The king of Abyssinia
claims to be a lineal descendant of King Sol-
omon, and that his kingdom has existed from
the days of Solomon. Whether he conferred
honor upon the little island of Great Britain
by proffering his hand to the queen of Great
Britain I am not prepared to say. I am not
prepared to decide that question. I think that
perfect neutrality should be exercised by this
Government in a case of that kind. Let kings
and princes and queens settle their little love
affairs in their own way, and let us exercise
p«rfect neutrality.
Again, sir, as I said before, by recognising
the flag of the rebels England created-them into
a maritime power, and every single ship that
appeared under the rebel flag was an English
ship, manned by English sailors, armed with
English guns, provisioned with English pro-
visions, and sailing from a British port. In
the four years that the rebellion lasted they
did us a vast amount of injury. Now. sir, if
we should pass this resolution we recognize a
flag that has been recognized on land for
thousands of years and we create a maritime
power on the ocean that did not exist before.
Sir, we have precedent for this. It is not
more than three years since the present Sec-
retary of State sent to me as chairman of the
Committee on Commerce and desired that the
Congress should pass a resolution recognizing
the Swiss flag upon the ocean. Said I, "How
can Switzerland launch her flag upon the
ocean? She has no seaport." '• That is true,"
said Mr. Seward, "but she has a flag upon the
land and is entitled to a flag upon the ocean
if she can launch it, and it would be an act of
friendly courtesy between two republics that
that flag should be recognized by the United
States, although the Swiss republic has no
seaport." Sir, the passage of tliis resolution
would be an act of friendly courtesy to a Power
with which we, if we have any relations, are
upon friendly relations.
During the prevalence of the rebellion
American chronometers became so cheap in
the British market that there was absolutely no
sale for them at all. They were offered for ten
cents on the dollar of the cost, and found no
purchasers. Here permit me to say that I am
told the king of Abyssinia is a very enter-
prising gentleman; that he has already an
agent on his way to this country with commis-
sions, and that there are ample funds ready
here now to put afloat a fleet that will, per-
haps, be advantageous to the king of Abys-
sinia—a matter with which we have nothing to
do, as a matter of course; but, sir, I shall be
most happy to welcome the Abyssinian flag,
and I will exercise absolute neutrality between
the belligerents. If an Abyssinian man-of-war
were to chase a British ship-of-war into one
of our ports I would bring her to under the
guns of our fort, and if she attempted to raise
an anchor or to get up steam until that British
ship-of-war had had twenty-four hours to get
away I would sink her; I would do just what
Great Britain did to us. Whenever a ship-of-
war of ours chased a rebel steamer into a Brit-
ish port anywhere on earth they brought the
American ship-of-war to, under the guns of
their forts, and they would not permit her to
leave that port until the rebel cruiser had had
twenty-four hours within which to get away. I
would serve the Abyssinians in the same way.
If they attempted to get up steam, or even to
lift their anchor, I would sink the Abyssinian
ship-of-war that was chasing a British ship;
and I would do the same on the other side. I
would ob=erve perfect neutrality. I am in
favor of giving Great Britain a dose of her own
medicine, and not a homeopathic one, either.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, why should we not pass the resolu-
tion ? Why should we not give Great Britain
her own proclamation of neutrality? Why
should we not let her realize what our sufferings
were? If she has any claims it does not affect
our mortgage on the British possessions; she
must settle with the king of Abyssinia. If
Abyssinian war ships should do as the rebel
cruisers did, illuminate old ocean from the
North to the South pole and from the Chinese
sea to the Gulf of Mexico and throughout all
the Pacific ocean with British commerce, it' is
no concern of ours ; Great Britain must settle
with the king of Abyssinia, net with us ; we
have nothing to do with it.
WThy, Mr. President, three months after the
last rebel army surrendered more than thirty
of our whaling ships were burned in sight of
the Arctic ocean. When that British ship
returned to Great Britain they brought her to
under the gang of Liverpool, and the? sent a
