1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
attends to things he would not have needed so
much light as he seems to need now. I stated
that the committee of which I have the honor
to be a member had been investigating this
subject of cotton and the state of this money
for months, and I stated from that committee,
as the Finance Committee can also state from
their own knowledge of the affairs of the Treas-
ury, that in the course of the necessary per-
formance of thesedutieswhichthe lawimposed
upon the Secretary of the Treasury to collect
captured and abandoned cotton and to buy
other cotton, and so on, lie has been sued over
and over again, to the extent of nearly one hun-
dred lawsuits, ui ditferent parts of the country.
That is a fact.
Mr. HOWE. Who has been sued?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Secretary of the
Treasury and the agents who, under his com-
mission, have seized and taken cotton in various
cases.
Mr. HOWE. When the Senator says the
Secretary has been sued all over the country
to the amount of one hundred times, will he
tell us how the Secretary happened to be all
over the country; how service was effected on
him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will, so far as I earn It
is probably not the law in Wisconsin, but it is
the law everywhere else, that where an agent,
acting for a principal, seizes a man's property,
you can sue the agent and the principal both,
and arrest whom you can and make them both
parties to the suit; and then you can publish
notice to the principal, and if you can ever find
any of his property or himself in the State you
can then get hold of his person : and that is the
way this stands. In some of the eases the
Secretary has been served; in others he has
not been, they standing upon the docket wait-
ing for him to come here or come-there, as they
can catch him going through the country, to
complete the service. But it does not make
any difference to the equity of this thing and
the justice of it whether the Secretaiy of the
Treasury personally has been served with pro-
cess or whether some agent who holds his
commission, which lie, under the act of Con-
gress, was bound to give, and did give, for the
collection of this property, has been sued for
taking it. I take it the equity and justice of
the Government extend just as much to one
case as to the other, and the honor and con-
science of the Secretary of the Treasury are just
as much bound to defend liis agent and our
agent, because he is the agent of the law, as it
would be to defend himself or to defend any
other officer of the Government who had been
sued.
Therefore, this is not a prospective appro-
priation; but we are now withdrawing from
the possession of the Secretary this remnant of
the money that has been retained for the pur-
pose of fixing up these expenses and putting it
into the Treasury, there being a great differ-
ence of opinion as to whether it ought to go
into the Treasury at all under the law settling
these disputed cases, the Supreme Court, it
being understood, being equally divided in
opinion upon that subject in the case that came
up from Missouri. In this state of the case we
require that all this money shall be paid in,
and impose upon our agents and everybody
else heavy penalties if they do not pay in the
last dollar of it, without waiting to settle their
accounts and decide how much the balance is.
They must pay it all in and settle it afterward.
Now, what do we propose to do by this amend-
ment? We propose to say that, in the regular
and lawful way, subject to all the checks and
guards thatsworn Auditors and Comptrollers in
the Treasury, in their method of accounting,
can devise and act upon, this money, to the
extent of $100,000 to the utmost, as far as
shall be necessary, may be drawn out to defend
these causes and pay these necessary expenses.
Is there any more safe and feasible way of
securing the public money? Do we not do it
in the War Department every day? Have we
not, in the reconstruction of the rebellious
States) appropriated millions in round appro-
priations, to be paid out and accounted for in
the regular way of settling accounts, for eon-
ducting election expenses? Does anybody ask
us to wait until the election bills come in and
we turn ourselves into an auditing body here
to look over them item by item? I think not,
sir. Therefore, there is nothing unusual in
this proposition which I offer, but everything
that is just.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont undoubtedly has answered the question
which I put to him, because he rose for that
purpose,and he has taken his seat; and if the
answer is not satisfactory it is my fault of
course, and not his. He seems to think there
is some doubt as to the propriety of transfer-
ring this fund to the Treasury. If there is
doubt enough on that point to enter into the
consideration of this question it ought not to
be transferred at all, because that doubt applies
just as much to the first dollar that we propose
to transfer as to the last. It is an independent
proposition by itself; and if it be so doubtful
as to have any weight whatever that doubt
should be resolved before the bill is passed. I
dismiss that, then, as a consideration bearing
upon this amendment.
The Senator says that these expenses have
been incurred, that this is not prospective.
Then I ask why this should not be made in the
way of ordinary general appropriations. If it
be true that expenses have been incurred which
are the appropriate subject of ascertainment
and liquidation now, why should not they, like
other such things, go, in so many dollars and
so many cents, into the definite provisions of
an appropriation bill? It seems to me that
this amendment will not do at all presented in
that light. If it will, then the constant prac-
tice of both Houses is erroneous, and the bet-
ter way is to deposit, to make a bank, to make
a general fund, and suffer all officers in their
discretion to draw upon it.
But there is another view in which it is
defended. It is said that there are undefined
nuitteis, that suits have been brought which
are undetermined, and that, therefore, it is
important that the Secretary should have spend-
ing money to carry on (by way of current, pay-
ment) resistance to these suits ; and although
I doubt whether that part of the amendment
would be quite defensible upon that ground, I
object to it because it goes a great deal further
than that. Let us see :
That a sum of the proceeds of such sales-
Like the Senator from Wisconsin, I do not
see what the magic is in taking it out of this
particular fund ; but that, perhaps, is more an
immaterial matter than a substantial one—
That a sum of the proceeds of such sales not ex-
ceeding §100,000 is hereby appropriated tor the pay-
ment of the necessary expenses mcurrcd by or under
the authority of the Secretary of til e Treasury for in-
cidental expenses in acting under the laws respecting
the collection and dispo>ition ot capturcd and aban-
doned property, and lor the neeess.iry expenses of
defending, in the discretion ol the Socielary of the
Treasury, such suits as have been brought againsthmi
or his agents in tile premises.
I ask what there is under that language,
should it pass into an enactment, which the
Secretary of the Treasury may not pay in his
discretion, provided, by any construction, that
payment was in reference, however remotely,
to any of these laws and acts done under them ?
Do we mean that? Do wo mean that out of
this fund or out of any fund the Secretary of
the Treasury shall be permitted to pay we
know not how much—for what purpose,
whether past, present, or future, we have no
means of knowing? And, if we do mean that,
do we also mean to put, it upon the ground
that we are permitting him to pay the expenses
of defending suits, either past or prospective ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The suits described are
pending suits ; not those that may be brought
hereafter, only where he is already sued. The
"discretion" that is there referred to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is only a discretion as
to the defense of suits already existing. That
is, we do not compel him to defend every suit
that is brought against every agent, because he
might be satisfied that in some cases the agent
had overstepped his authority and ought noi
to be defended. Therefore, the object of that
language—and I think it is adapted to that
end—is to give the Secretary authority, not to
he bound to defend every suit that has been
brought, but to defend such of the suits which
are existing as he thinks ought to be defended.
We must leave it to somebody.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to my learned
friend to put a marginal note alongside of this
amendmentstatingwhatitmeansin that respect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will improve on the sug-
gestion of my friend from New York. I will
get my friend to go along with the law and
explain it without a note.
Mr. CONKLING. I vvasgoing to make that
suggestion to the Senator from Vermont, that
if he could not put in a marginal note he
could accompany the law and interpret it. I
have no doubt it means what he says among
other things ; but it means a great deal more.
It implies that there is some particular rea-
son—which, with great deference, I have not
heard stated—why, in the first place, a parcel of
this particular fund should be set aside for cer-
tain purposes; and then that that parcel of
this fund, which may be $100,000, shall be
committed to the hands and to the discretion
ot the Secretary of the Treasury, to do with it
what he pleases, provided that the applica-
tions he makes resemble the applications which
are slated here. That is what it means. I
must say that 1 do not, believe it, wholesome as
to the Secretary of the Treasury or any other
officer of the Government.
'The Senator from Vermont said that some
other Senator who objected to this carried his
opposition to the Secretary of the Treasury so
far as to object to it. If an objection to it im-
plies that those who make the objection must
take that responsibility, I am entirely ready to
say that i do not propose by my vote to clothe
the Secretary of the Treasury with any such
power; and if it is proposed to any other offi-
cer I will answer as to him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend be kind
enough to tell the Senate what the method of
procedure is in providing the means of paying
the expenses of collecting the external reve-
nue, the revenue from customs, and paying
the expenses of defending collectors where
they arc sued, and all the incidental expenses
of that business ?
Mr. CONKLING. My friend wants me to
admit—and I do so with great cheerfulness—
that the practice is to appropriate, in a certain
sense, in round numbers and in advance upon
estimates, and that then checks and drafts are
made upon that fund. Everybody knows that; -
and everybody knows, in a general way, what
the reasons are for doing it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does this case differ
from that?
Mr. CONKLING. I think this differs very
materially; and I have been indicating some
of the respects in which I think it differs. It
differs, in the first place, in saying that a parcel
of a particular fund is to be taken and set aside
up to a certain amount. It differs, in the next
place, in being entirely wanting in whatever
general provisions there are relating to esti-
mates, relating to accounts, relating to the
auditing of accounts, relating to the general
matters which make up the machinery, loose
and insufficient as I admit it is and as it must
unavoidably be, by which we tc^t, as far as we
dotest, these general matters of public expendi-
ture. It differs in that; and now, as my friend
is inquisitive, I wish he would gratify my curi-
osity.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have him
tell us, if he will, how, under this provision as
it will stand when carried into the law, anybody
is to know hereafter—in season, I mean, to
avail himself of the information—what becomes
of this money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can state. They would
know exactly in the same way and at the same
time that you know about the expenditure of
every dollar for the eolleetion of the revenue.
