2492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16V
come before Congress, a delay of but a few
days may work great damage to the country.
Sir, I do not feel It so. Although I desire to
pass from the military government thatprevails
down there into some other form of govern-
ment, yet I desire that it shall be under such
circumstances that the Senate can deliberately
and in the proper spirit consider the measure
which is brought before it; and also that the
President of the United States, in the spirit of
the Constitution, may be enabled to consider
it without any embarrassment.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, in the little ex-
perience I have had in this body I have found
it but very little use to oppose an adjournment,
either for a single day or for a week or ten
days. When that mania pervades the body it
is useless to resist it. I do not think that the
question of adjournment is so material at this
time, and I would not have said a word if it
had not been for the extraordinary remarks of
the distinguished Senator from Indiana, who
has just taken his seat. On no occasion, where
it is at all consistent with his sense of propri-
ety, (and his is as keen as anybody's,) does ho
let an opportunity pass to arraign the Congress
of the United States for their action for the
last two or three years on this question of re-
construction ; especially does he regard it as
important now, as there is a very important
convention to convene now, and within a month
or so another important convention.
I sympathize with the Senator from Indiana
in the sufferings of his friend's client at the
Dry Tortugas. But, sir, there have been more
flagrant outrages than that committed in those
States; there have been crimes before which
that pales into a simple misdemeanor, that have
not aroused the sympathies of the other side
of this Chamber. Those crimes are legion,
and they have been going on for the last three
years, while Congress has been struggling with
its power to prevent them, meeting at every
step of the way the unmitigated opposition of
the distinguished Senator from Indiana and
those who act with him from the day that the
measures were instituted to the present time.
Now, the honorable Senator is moved with a
holy sympathy because these military tribunals
have convicted some men. What was the
charge ? Assault and battery with an attempt
to kill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No.
Mr. NYE. What was it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. With intent to commit
a riot.
Mr. NYE. That is just as bad ; for we know
that "riot" means "murder" there. I am
not judge in that case; neither is the distin-
guished Senator from Indiana judge in that
case; but when we are told here that one hun-
dred and fifty-three persons have been killed
in the State of Texas since Hancock assumed
command and obeyed the directions of the
Commander-in-Chief of these United States
there is no sympathy awakened in the breasts
of gentlemen on the other side by those terrible
outrages.
Mr. DRAKE. Many more than one hun-
dred and fifty-three.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir. When we are told by
citizens of the southern States that they are
literally wading through blood, spilled by the
men with whom the honorable Senator and
his compeers act, it arouses no sympathy on
his part. His sympathy is only excited when
some military tribunal, rightfully or wrong-
fully, may have convicted a man and sent him
to the Dry Tortugas. Sir, Indiana and its
borders have been a little unfortunate with its
inmates at the Dry Tortugas. They got one
man from a neighboring State that the Dry
Tortugas would not have—a prominent can-
didate, a leading man in the Democratic
party, who "went to his own and his own
received liim not." [Laughter.] There is a
holy horror in that region for the Dry Tortu-
gas. I will tell the honorable Senator the
remedy. Do nothing that you deserve to go
there for, and let him advise his constituents
to do nothing that they would deserve to go to
the Dry Tortugas for, and they will not go
there. Sir, what does "riot" mean in the
South now? It means murder.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Organized assassination.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir: organized assassin-
ation. It means the outrages of your Ku-Klux-
Klan, by means of which the tnan who is clothed
with the habiliments and garb of an American
citizen is compelled to find hiding-places in
your mountains and to run for his life, and on
every turn he meets the Ku-Ivlnx-Klan or the
left wing of the Democratic party. They are
the skirmishers of the Democratic party. They
are the living rebellion that now exists. No
sympathy is roused on the honorable Senator's
part by the wrongs thus committed, lie can
sit calmly by and laugh at the idea of the Ku-
Klux-IClan while every inch of the highways
is reddened with human blood. But it is colored
blood there generally, that is not epiite as red
as the blood of the honorable Senator's con-
stituent who goes to the Dry Tortugas. Sir, I
am sick of this paltering with this thing.
Butthe honorable Senator in conclusion, in
a spirit peculiar to himself, and with a manner
as meek as a cross between Job and Moses,
[laughter,] tells us that it is not just to the
President to send any bill to him that will em-
barrass him. Oh, no ! The honorable Sen-
ator has readied a point now, and from the
height on which he stands lie can see nothing
that should bear any possible phase of embar-
rassing the President, who has embarrassed the
nation for three years more than t.he honorable
Senator can remedy with all his power.
I have no particular reason that operates on
my mind to vote for an adjournment to save
the tender feelings of the honorable Senator
oil this score; and I guess Mr. Johnson will
take q re of himself. Amid those by whom
he is surrounded, and the new recruits that he
is getting daily, he will take care of himself.
Oh, how tenderly we ought to regard him! Oh,
how tenderly has he regarded these southern
States! Sir, these military tribunals would
not have b en sitting there now had the hon-
orable Senator's President joined himself with
us in perfecting these laws of reconstruction.
I am not quite content, even after the vote
of to-day, to take that gentle whipping over
the bead which the honorable Senator has
seen fit to administer. Oh, what a gushing
of humanity he has over the Dry Tortugas!
Sir, I am sick of it. If the honorable Sen-
ator is in earnest and wants to get the State
of Arkansas in, why did he oppose it the other
day? What was the necessity of referring the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary to
observe the high rule of form ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is ready now to be
passed.
Mr. NYE. It has come quicker from there
than anything else ever did, [laughter,] and
would not have come now if this peculiar pres-
sure had not been put on ; there would have
been kinks in it, and somebody would have
wanted to send it back. But, sir, as an offset,
wo have got the report. Why not act upon
it now, this minute? and then I will vote to
adjourn with the honorable Senator.
But he says he never can consent to have a
constitution so framed in any particular that
it cannot be altered. Would the honorable
Senator consent to have a constitution framed
that permitted the idea of putting slavery again
into one of these States? Would he rewrite
the history of the wrongs of the past; or, in
view of the impending danger, would he not
provide in the strongest possible terms against
there ever being a reenactment of those wrongs?
But the Senator tells us it may embarrass
the President. Sir, I think a little embarrass-
ment would not be unprofitable to him. He
ought to be embarrassed. Ever since these
reconstruction measures have been started,
not one of them has met with the favor of the
distinguished Senator from Indiana, not one
provision of them has he voted for; but as
constant as the sun is to its position every
hour he has gone with the President of the
United States in obstructing not only their
but their execution ; I mean that he
haTclone that by sustaining the President in
every vote that has been given upon these
questions ; and, sir, the records of the Senate
will show it.
I therefore am led to doubt the sincerity
of these men when they seek to putoff,thia
measure upon some little quibble. Let Ark-
ansas come in to-day. Let us have one birth
with a death. Let us have some offset; and
I do not know of anything that would make
me feel better than to see a State that was
dead and buried resurrected again in the spirit
of the law that Congress has passed. Sir, it
should be the duty of Congress before it ad-
journs to rebaptize, by virtue of its own law,
the State of Arkansas into the Union. Though •
her sins be as scarlet, we will make her whiter
than snow. That is the business we had better
be engaged in to-day instead of talking of ad-
S journing for any convention. She is here,
washed clean in the laws of Congress. She
stands here to-day with her garments purified.
Let her come in.
I hope that the honorable Senator whose
sympathies are so moved in view of the outrage
that he claims has been committed, will be the
first to join with us, even though there be some
little technical objection, in rebaptizing the
State of Arkansas; and before we adjourn I
hope it will be done. We have had work of
destruction enough. The work of rebuilding
has now commenced. Let us put the first, cor-
ner-stone in to-day, upon which the structure
will be rebuilt and firmly stand. Let us do
one thingin vindication of Congress, instead of
adjourning.out of respect to the embarrassing
position of the President. Sir, I would have
begged him on my bended knees, not only for
months, but years, to stop embarrassing the
progress of Congress, but he would not. He
would not hearken to the charmer, charm he
never so wisely. He was as deaf as the adder to
the cries of suffering humanity in the South ;
deaf to the cries of the murders of the whites;
ay, sir, and, in my judgment, upon the evidence
particeps criminis to the most terrible slaugh-
ter that ever this earth has seen, under the sanc-
tion of law, in New Orleans; and yet, in defer-
ence to the sensitiveness of that man who dared
to charge that massacre back upon this body
and the other branch of Congress, we are asked
to postpone this measure. No, sir; we can
postpone it in deference to no man's sensibility ;
but in obedience to the law of eternal justice,
m obedience to our own mandate, we bade the
Senators and Representatives from Arkansas
to come here. Ttiey are here, and we sho'ild
admit them.
1 can relieve the honorable Senator of his
embarrassment in regard to sending the bill to
the President. There is no use of sending it
to him. Let us pass the measure as a concur-
rent resolution, which does not- need his sanc-
tion, and that will relieve him from embarrass-
ment and admit the State of Arkansas at once.
I am sensitive, too. I do not want the bill to
slumber at the Presidential Mansion for ten
days and come back ridden by another veto.
We have had a series of them and a series of
experiences from which we should learn. If
we send the bill for the admission of Arkansas
to the President, after keeping it ten days, he
will throw it back defiantly into our faces,
hoping and expecting that we shall be unable,
under the peculiar circumstances, to pass it
over his head ; and then Arkansas will lie at
your doors where she is waiting; but that
arouses no sympathy in the distinguished Sen-
ator's mind.
Now, Mr. President, I hope we shall not
adjourn. I hope that before the sun goes down
to-night we shall admit Arkansas, or put the
bill for her admission through all the forms
that are necessary. Let the President have
another sweet morsel to roll under his tongue.
Let him veto it and we will meet it. For OBe,
sir, I should deem it discreditable to Congress
to look in the face of thcec men whom they
have bid come here, while they are subjected
to further exclusion.
