1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I rose simply to say that I desire to entei
my protest against the common and usual prac-
tice, upon every motion to adjourn, to arraign
us here and before the public, just before the
adjournment, as being engaged by any possi-
bility in any scheme to keep Arkansas or any
other State that is ready to come in out of the
Union, or that we desire to perpetuate for a
single hour the military tribunals in Alabama.
Sir, Alabama would have had no tribunal of
that kind to-day within her borders if the
Democratic party from Maine to California had
not advised their rebel friends there to resist
the adoption of the new constitution; she
would have been safely within the folds of this
Union and here to-day ; and 1 protest that the
honorable Senator from Indiana is estopped
from bringing up these tears of sympathy as
prejudicial to the opposing party, at least upon
that score. Therefore, sir, 1 insist upon it
that before we adjourn we shall pass the bill
for the admission of Arkansas. The Presi-
dent, I think, will waive the peculiar circum-
stances which he is in and admit her. I have
no doubt the message is written already.
Mr. W1LLEY. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and upon that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling, Cra-
gin, Perry, Pessenden, Prelmghuysen, Harlan, Howe,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Poineroy,
Bamsey, Koss, Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
W ade. VTilley, Wilson, and Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cat-
tell, Cole. Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle,
Drake, .Edmunds, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Me(Ji eery, Morrill of Vermont, Noiton, Patterson ot
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,*Saulsbury,
Sprague, Sumner, Van Winkle, Viekers, and Wil-
liams—26.
ABSENT.—Messrs. Fowler, Grimes, Howard, and
Thayer—4.
So the Senate refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the resolution
proposed by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "two
Houses" and inserting the words "House of
Representatives," so as to make the resolution
a mere consent that the House of Representa-
tives may adjourn if they wish to do so.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is just what they
sent us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not at all certain
that that is the construction of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
amendment to the amendment will be reported.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 submit that the pro-
posed amendment to the amendment is not in
order, it is simply putting the original prop-
osition over again, it cannot be in order to
offer the same thing that we have before us
already as an amendment to an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order. It is an amendment to an amendment.
It will be reported.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the reading of the
original proposition and the amendment, and
also the amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be read.
The Chtkf Clerk. The resolution of the
the House of Representatives is as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,; That at the adjournment on Saturday,
the ittth instant, a recess be taken until Monday, the
25th instant.
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Ax-
tiiony] moved to amend the resolution by
inserting after the word "adjournment" the
words '• of the two Houses."
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
proposes to amend the amendment by striking
out the words "'two Houses" and inserting
"House of Representatives;" so that, if
amended as proposed, the resolution will read:
jRcsotvedby theIlouncof Representative#, (theSenato
concurring,) That at the adjournment of the House
of Representatives on Saturday, the 16th instant, a
1'eeess be taken until Monday, the 25th instant.
Mr. TliUMBULL. I suggest to my friend
from Vermont that if the House of Represent-
atives is permitted to adjourn it will defeat
the passage of the Arkansas bill, because we
could not perfect it; nor could we perfect any
bill; it would be impossible to have the bill
signed and become a law. So far as that meas-
ure is concerned, it would be just as much de-
feated by the House adjourning as if both bodies
adjourned.
I wish to say one word in reply to the Sen-
ator from Indiana—I do not see him in his seat,
however—who objected that it was improper
to send bills to the President, under the cir-
cumstances, while these articles of impeach-
ment are pending. That state of tilings has
existed for two months. That objection would
stop all legislation. I do not think that can be
the intention.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I believe I
have uniformly voted against what are called
adjournments over and recesses. I do not re-
call an instance in which I have voted for them..
I shall, however, vote for this, and I am moyed
to do it from a consideration to which the Sen-
ator from Illinois has called attention. The
Senator alludes to the President of the United
States, and reminds us that he is on trial before
us. He also goes further, and reminds us that
during the protracted trial we have been in
the habit of receiving messages from him and
transmitting messages to him. He makes no
criticisms upon that conduct. I have always
felt from the beginning that it was unworthy of
the Senate. I have always felt, from the first
moment he was arraigned at our bar, that it
was unbecoming the Senate to continue to
transact business with him. I have felt that it
was the same as if the judge on the bench
should continue to transact business with the
criminal in the dock, or, if the Senate prefers
that term, with the culprit in the dock.
However, Senators thought otherwise. The
trial proceeded. The evidence and the argu-
ment are now closed. Nothing more remains
except the judgment of the Senate. And now,
between the closing of the case and the judg-
ment of the Senate it is proposed that the Sen-
ate shall continue its former relations with the
accused President, inviting messages from him
and transmitting messages to him. I object to
the proceeding. I.object to it as unworthy of
the Senate.
If business can be transacted and sufficiently
matured without communication with the Pres-
ident, possibly the Senate might proceed with
its consideration ; and yet all must see that it
would proceed under a certain constraint,
knowing that it ought not to communicate with
the President at this time. I submit the con-
science of the Senate ought to rise in judgment
against any such communication. Profoundly
believing the President of the United States
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors—and
I have now no hesitation in declaring it, for I
have voted to-day on one important article—
having that profound conviction, and knowing
that there are other articles which still await
the judgment of the Senate, how can I, as a
Senator, consent to continue in communica-
tion with him on important public business?
it may be, when these proceedings are brought
to an end, that he may come forth with a nomi-
nal acquittal by one vote. Condemned by a
majority of the Senate, as he has already in
advance been condemned by two thirds and
more of the House of Representatives, and, i
as is unquestionable, condemned by the great i
body of the American people, it maybe, 1 say, ,
that he may go forth from this Chamber with
a nominal acquittal; but he must go forth as a
blasted public functionary. That is his inev-
itable destiny. But until that acquittal is en-
tered of record, I think the Senate will consult
its own character by abstaining from any fur-
ther interchange of messages with him. It is
therefore that I shall vote for the proposed
adjournment till the week after next, that pub-
lic business involving communications with
the President may not lie sandwiched between
the different stages of our judgment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr, President, it is now
nearly or quite three months since the articles
ot impeachment were found against the Pressi-
dent by the House of Representatives, and
during that time the Senate has continued to
do official business with the President; and it
is rather too late now to talk about protecting
our conscience or our dignity by not doing
business with a President who has been im-
peached. Sir, it is a vain proposition. We
are now on the very approach of summer; a
vast amount of important business remains un-
finished, and if we do not attend to our busi-
ness, and do what the country requires should
be done, we shall have a settlement to make.
The business of this country cannot be allowed
to suffer ou account of the punctillios referred
to by the Senator from Massachusetts ; and, as
we have gone on for three months transacting
business with the President, it seems to metoo
late in the day to argue these punctillios.
There has been no reason offered as yet for
this adjournment. I understand that the effect
of the amendment is to allow the House of
Representatives to adjourn while the Senate
remains in session. I protest against any prop-
osition of that kind. Let Congress remain
here, not simply one House. If anybody needs
recreation it is the Senate, and not the House
of Representatives. They have had but little
to do for the last four or six weeks, while we
have been almost constantly engaged here ;
and yet I am satisfied that neither our health
nor anything else requires that we shall adjourn
over for a week or ten days. The pretext that
we must adjourn for the purpose of having
these carpets taken up and the fleas shaken
out, it seems to me, amounts to nothing. These
fleas will get into somebody's ears and leave
the carpet if we do not stay here and attend
to our business. [Laughter.]
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I am opposed
to this adjournment, but for a reason different
from that which was offered by the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] in favor of
adjournment. It is also different from that
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sr'mner.] I wish to send to the Presi-
dent of the United States precisely such a bill
as that to which the honorable Senator from
Indiana refers—a bill with a proviso that none
of these rebel States which are hereafter to be
admitted shall deprive any person made in the
image of God of his equal rights. I wish to
send him such a bill as that. I wish to send
it to him in the interim between now and the
final vote upon impeachment. I wish we
could send him any proposition in favor of
human liberty. I wish we could send him any
measure for the relief of the suffering people
of the South. I wish we could send him any
measure which would go to protect the loyal-
ists of the South, any measure which would
stay the tide of crime and assassination there ;
so that we might have for our Republican col-
leagues, our Republican friends, a new veto
upon human rights and upon the best interests
of our country.
I thank the honorable Senator from Indiana
for his sweet reminder as to the action of the
President of the United States when he shall
not have the ghost of impeachment before him ;
when that order which he laid away until after
the trial of the impeachment can be acted upon ;
when the President of the United States with
his Adjutant- General and Secretary of War,
Lorenzo Thomas, shall have power in this coun-
try. Sir, we shall then find that no republican
measure, no measure which will bring these
States into the Union on the reconstruction
policy of Congress, or upon the true policy fop*
the prosperity and happiness of the Union, will
ever receive the sanction of the Presidentof the
United States, and never again, I fear, receive
a constitutional majority of two thirds over the
veto message which he will send here to Con-
gress. #
I should not have referred to the subject at
all but for the sweet reminder of the Senator
from Indiana. I believe in some respects it
would be as well for Congress to adjourn and
for members to go home and breathe the
