1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3517
give it to them. There was a proposition
pendiug here a while ago that might have been
adopted to buy $15,000 worth of books, which
perhaps would never have counted the people
or the Government the weight of a straw, which
would make the entire compensation that is
spoken of for these officers if it had obtained.
We vote ten or fifteen thousand dollars _away
here in many ways, and we refuse to give to
the occupants of important offices upun which
the true and honest administration of public
affairs, the public revenue and public means de-
pend, and, indeed, by which the public credit
is sustained, a fair compensation for their ser-
vices. Now, sir, I am not afraid, for one, to
vote such a compensation upon any or all
occasions, and I hope to have the vote of the
honorable Senator from Ohio in behalf of the
pending amendment, and I shall be glad then
to vote for his amendment; but I am not will-
ing to make "fish of one and flesh of another."
I think that it is time that we dealt with even-
handed justice toward the officers engaged in
conducting the great business affairs of the
country and the Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am of opinion that
great injustice is being done by the amend-
ment put on this bill from the Committee on
Finance. I find that the Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, who signs all Treasury war-
wants and who^e duties are certainly next to
those of the Secretary, receives $3,600 ayear ;
and yet you put his subordinates over him in
point of salary. You put his subordinates at
$4,500 and leave him at §3,500. And, sir,
this morning I suppose I have been approached
by twenty, it may be thirty, perhaps forty of
the heads of bureaus in the other Departments
of the Government, a very large number, and
they all claim that their duties are as great as
those whose salaries have been advanced,
some of them greater. It is perfectly evident to
me that we must either kill the proposition of
the Committee on Finance or go into a general
advancement of salaries from the head down
and equalize them. If you raise the salaries
of these subordinate officers to $4,500 there is
no reason whatever why their chief should
remain at $3,500. I have before me a propo-
sition to raise the salary of the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Treasury, designated to sign
Treasury warrants to $5,000 a year. 11 ought to
be. If his subordinates are raised to S-1,500, of
course his salary should be $5,000. I suppose
it is not in order for me now to move that his
salary be made $5,000; but I simply state the
fact that this thing must either be stopped or
be carried out.
I have finally come to the conclusion that
there is only one remedy for all of this pro-
posed extravagance, and that is to reduce the
salaries of Senators to $3,000, and then claim
that no man is entitled to more salary than a
Senator. Do that, and we shall be able to
stopit; and I shall move to-morrow, if this
bill is not passed to-night, that the salaries of
members of Congress be reduced to $3,000,
and that that sum be the limit of any subordi-
nate's pay. Then, sir, I hope we shall be able
to stop this extravagance.
Mr. RAMSEY. What will you do with the
President's salary of $25,000?
Mr. CHANDLER. T would cut off his ex-
tras. The President really receives $50,000
instead of $25,000. There is no other way hut
for us to cut down our own salaries, and then
we shall stop this eternal clamor for advance
of salaries. We have either got to stop the
advance proposed by the Committee on Finance,
or else advance every grade, provide that the
female clerks, as iny friend from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Camerox] proposed, shall receive the
same pay as men who perform the same ser-
vice, and that all other clerks be advanced in
proportion with those who have beenauvanced.
Carry it out through all the bureaus and De-
partments, and I think perhaps five, ten, or
fifteen million of dollars will accomplish it-
Mr. STEWART. Will the Seuatorallow me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest that in
bringing in a propositi on for the reduction of the
salaries of members of the Senate, the Senator
enlarge the proposition a little and provide for
equalizing the incomes of Senators. [Laugh-
ter.] We will all vote for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. Make a common fund of
the surplus income. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand that my
friend from Nevada has the largest of any one
here from his gold mines, and he would prob-
ably suffer the most. But, sir, this thing has
got to be stopped, or else we may as well
abandon all restrictions and raise all salaries
in the ratio already applied to some by the
amendment you have adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have voted against all
advancement, but I shall vote for including in
this section all that are offered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 9 ; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Corbett, Davis.
Doolittle, Drake, Frelinehuysen, Harlan, Hendricks,
Howard, Johnson, McDonald, Moriill of Vermont,
Nye, Knmsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull.Viekers.Willey, Williams,
and Yates—20.
NAYS —Messrs. Cole, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry,
MeCrecry, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of
New Hampshire, and Wilson—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Cattell, Conkling, Dixon, Fessenden,
Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Howe, Morton, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee. Pomeroy, Bice, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Yan Winkle, and Wade—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend this
amendment by striking out in the fifth and
sixth lines the words "of the Solicitor, the
Register, and the supervising architect of the
Treasury."
Mr. SHERMAN. You had better leave in
the supervising architect.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I will make the
motion simply to strike out the Solicitor and
the Register.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not strike out the
Register alone ? Why not take the vote on that
proposition by itself.
Mr. WILSON. We may as well vote on
both. The Senator who moved this, amend-
ment told us that certain officers named in it,
the Auditors and Comptrollers, had judicial
functions. Certainly the Register of the Treas-
ury has not; neither has the Solicitor ; and I
think they ought to be stricken out at any
rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make no objection
to the motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts propose to disallow the Solicitor
of the Treasury the same compensation given
to the other persons? There is no question
that he ought to have as much as the Comp-
trollers, in my opinion. He must be a man
of education in the law; he ought to be a very
able lawyer, and I believe the present Solicitor
is. The office of Solicitor of the Treasury, in
my judgment, is a more important office than
that of the Attorney General. He has more to
do with the law business of the Government.
It has become now a great law office, in which
the management of the law suits of the Gov-
ernment in all the courts of the United States
is prepared and controlled. If there is any
officer in the Treasury who ought to be dis-
criminated favorably upon it is the Solicitor.
I am not satisfied that there ought to be an
increase of any of these compensations at this
time : the people are not making any more
money than they used to do; but if there is an
increase the Solicitor of the Treasury ought to
enjoy it. Three fourths of the business that is
transacted by the Auditors is routine, passes
as a matter of course; the examinations are
made in the proper Department before the
papers go to them. Allowances are made by
the Seeretar.es. The responsibility of the
decision in most of the contested or doubtful
cases is upon the Secretary of the particular
Department with which the claim is connected.
Take an important claim connected with the
quartermaster's department; the Quartermas-
ter General decides upon it, and then the Sec-
retary of War decides upon it, and mainly the
labors of the Auditors and Comptrollers are
routine. There is not this difference that is
talked about between these officers. I merely
rose to say one word for the Solicitor of the
Treasury. I think that is one of the most
important offices of the Government.
Mr. CRAGIN. I should like to suggest to
the Senator from Indiana one way in which the
Solicitor of the Treasury has been in the habit
of having an increase of salary heretofore. In
a ease in the custom-house at Boston, in the
settlementof a claim there, the collector and
naval officer I think paid over to Mr. Jordan
$4,000, which he accepted, whether for ser-
vices or otherwise I do not know, but he cer-
tainly accepted it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The present Solicitor?
Mr. CRAGIN. The present Solicitor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not choose to vote
in regard to fixing permanently the salaries of
the officers of this country on any rumor to
the prejudice of a particular officer. The ques-
tion is what is the grade of the office, what
Compensation a lawyer who is able to take
charge of that bureau ought to have. He has
the most important causes to superintend. I
never heard anything against the present Soli-
citor.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will state that the fact I
mentioned is stated in a report of a committee
of the House of Representatives, and Mr.
Jordan himself has admitted it over and over
again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let there be higher
authority than a report of a secret committee
of the House of Representatives. I do not
consider any man's good name damaged much
by that.
Mr. CRAGIN. The testimony of Mr. Jor-
dan, as reported, shows the fact.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What he said I dare say
would be all right, but I do not speak for him
personally. I know but very little about him
personally; but I know that the causes which
are being tried in the courts below are well
prepared in the Department. I have had
occasion to meet some of them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood
the Senator who moved the original proposi-
tion, and argued its necessity, to agree to the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, to
strike out the Solicitor and Register, and I
suppose therefore the Senate will not object
to that motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the ques-
tion divided, so as to take the vote separately,
first on the Solicitor and then on the Register.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A division
of the question is called for. The question
being divided, the first vote is on the motion
to strike out "the Solicitor."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Conklinsr, Conness, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fielmghuysen, Howard, McOreery,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine,Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson of Now Hampshire, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Wade, and Wil>on—l'J.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Davis,
Doohttle, Drake, Pessenden, Harlan, Hendricks,
Johnson, McDonald, Kamsev, Ross, Sprague, Thayer,
Tipton, 1'rumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers, Willoy,
Williams, and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Howe,
Morton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Poxneroy,
Itice, and Saulsbury—15.
So the first branch of the amendment to the
amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The quas-
tion recurs on striking out " the Register. "
