1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
British officer on board to inquire who the men
were who had thns in violation of the laws of
war ami after the war had ended been commit-
ting depredations upon our commerce. Well,
sir. there was not a single British subject
•mom; them all. So we are informed b_v the
British officer who went on board. 1 hey asked
one man where he was from, and he «aid. ube
jal>ers he was a Spaniard, " [langhter, ] and they
let him go. They asked another man where
he was from, and he said he was a Dutchman ;
and so they went aronnd. and there was not a
British subject there! Not one was ever brought
tojmiiKhment. Well, sir, if the king of Abyssinia
should happen to enlist anv seamen in any of
our ports :t would be a violation of neutrality,
you know, but we have an example set by
Great Britain which I trust would be literally
•nd strictly followed, and that perfect neutral-
ity would be exercised by this Government
during the continuance of the war. I have no
doubt that if you will pass this resolution we
shall have the pleasure of welcoming from ten
to titty Abyssinian ships of war within one hun-
dred days from the passage of the resolution,
and 1 have not the slightest doubt that foreign
chronometers will beascheap in our markets in
six months as American chronometers were in
Great Britain in 1H>3 and 18(34. I hope, sir,
that the resolution will pass.
Air. AN" 1HONV. i confess, Mr. President,
that 1 tell into the prevalent error of supposing
that the resolution of the Senator from Michi-
gan was intended as a grave jest: but the speech
in which he has enforced it. and his reference
to previjus propositions introduced by him of
graver expression if not of more serious pur-
pose. leave no doubt that he is quite in earnest
in the deductions which he drew of our rela-
tions with Great Britain. I agree with the
Senator from Michigan that great wrongs have
been suffered by us at the hands of the Eng-
lish Government. The facts do not permit us
to doubt that if the governing class of England
did not desire the destruction of the nation
which was the great ally of their own in civil-
ization and its great competitor in commerce
they were at least indifferent to it. This desire,
however ungenerous, was not unnatural. For
half a century the power of the United States,
their marvelous growth and prosperity, theirun-
precedented development of natural resources,
their advancement in manufactures and the
mechanic arts, and their tonnage, already rival-
ing that of Great Britain, had been a standing
menace to aristocratic institutions ; and it is not
to be denied that, under successive Democratic
Administrations, our Government had some-
times manifested more of the insolence of
assured power than of its calm and conscious
dignity; and that by the hasty retraction of
great pretensions against a strong Power, as in
the Oregon case, and by the stringent enforce-
ment ot verv doubtful claims against a weak
Po wer, as in the Mexican case, it had created
a damaging impression of the insincerity and
aggressiveness of its foreign policy: although it
is equally true that in this respect England was
not the Power to cast the first stone at us. I
can concede enough to the natural selfishness
of human nature to excuse an English duke
for desiring the destrnction of the Government
that continually told to the world how much
greater comfort and prosperity to the masses
of the people could be secured under repub- !
lican than under aristocratic institutions. /
But there is no excuse for the manner in
which the English Government enforced its
unfriendly feeling toward as. There is no
excase for the manner in which it falsified its
traditional policy against slavery, and allied
iisclf in sympathy with a rebellion that was
undertaken in the interest of slavery and pros-
ecuted for the perpetuity and enlargement of
the system of human bondage. There is no ;
excuse for the conduct of England in reversing
her own judicial decisions, and in forcing upon
as an interpretation of national law which she
had refused to accept from others, and which
her greatest jurists had solemnly repudiated,
when it wan attempted to be applied to her.
The Senator from Michigan cannot feel more
than I do the wrong and injusticethat England
has thus practiced upon us. But 1 differ alto-
gether from him as to the mode of redress. I
can see only evil in violent or in irritating meas-
ures. A formal declaration of non-intercourse
with England or the repeal of our neutrality
laws, both of which he has proposed and advo-
cated with his customary power and earnest-
ness. would be the first step toward war. The
irritation, the mutual aggressions that would fol-
low such acts, would inevitably lead to hostil-
ities. Perhaps my friend from Michigan would
not object even to proceeding to that extremity.
The financial distress, the injury to our trade
and industry which would foliow a declaration
of war would be greater, even before a gun had
been tired, than the sum of all the claims that
we have upon England, while the mutual de-
struction of war itself would sweep the com-
merce of both nations from the ocean, and
impose upon both countries taxation whose
annual burden would be greater than the total
demand that we now make. These considera-
tions. great as they would be, are not, of course,
to be weighed in the scale with the national
honor, but I do not conceive that the national
honor demands any such violent measures.
No, sir; 1 am for a different kind of war.
In one of the attempts to negotiate a peace
with Mexico, after the conqnest of our arms,
it was proposed that any future war which
might unhappily break out between the two
countries should be conducted on Christian
principles. Some study ofthe Scriptures,imper-
fect and insufficient, I admit, has not enabled
me to discover the mode of carrying on flagrant
hostilities, on both sides, upon Christian prin-
ciples. But I think that we can best prosecute
our claims upon England by such a warfare.
Let us punish her as God punishes. Let the
legitimate consequences of her own acts be the
penalty which she pays for the great wrong
that she has inflicted upon us. The new prin-
ciples of national law upon which she has in-
sisted were for her advantage and for our dis-
advantage at the time, but in the future, in the
complications which must arise, in the hostili-
ties that are sure to break out, will '• return to
plague the inventors.'' They will lighten up
the ocean with her blazing commerce, and will
throw the carrying trade into our hands, as
■ they have once thrown it into hers, by the acts
of piratical cruisers, fitted out in her ports,
built with her capital, manned with her sea-
men, armed with her munitions, and escaped
by the easy connivance of her officials.
This will be a result flowing naturally and
inevitably from her own interpretation of
national law, for which we are in no way re-
sponsible, but which we protested against and
which she forced upon us. She has fixed the
legislation that is necessary to carry out neutral
obligations, and has measured the vigilance
which a belligerent may demand of a neutral
Power. We havebeen compelled to acceptthese
when they were designed for our destruction ;
we shall have {he right to claim them when they
will be for our advantage. The triumph of the
American arms over the rebellion, the restora-
tion of the (Jnion, the ability to sustain the
burden of the debt incurred in the war, were
elements not taken into consideration when the
aristocracy of England forced the Government
into the concession of belligerent rights to the
rebels, and to the practical repudiation of neu-
tral obligations to us.
Their purpose was to prove by our destruc-
tion the instability and insecurity of republican
institutions. Let it be our great revenge to
show that they are stronger than aristocratic
institutions; that a Government which rests on
the broad basis of the popular will is not only
more beneficial in its results but more certain
of its continuance than a Government that is
poised upon a dynasty. History has few sub-
limer spectacles than thatof agreat people long
devoted to the pursuits of peace, and it was
apprehended somewhat enervated by them,
suddenly springing to arras in defense of their
nationality; turning to the uses of war all the
arts and all the resources of peace; and then
when the object of the war was accomplished
subsiding at once into the avocations which they
had left, changing their armories into machine-
shops, their transports and warships into vessels
of commerce ; their armies inciting into the mas3
ofthe community, filling the workshops, culti-
vating the fields, and engaging with their old
steadiness in the multifarious pursuits of trade
and of productive industry. It was predicted
that with the victorious close of the war a spirit
of restlessness would arise, an impatience of
peaceful industry and an eagerness for military
enterprises, which, if no legitimate outlet wero
furnished for it, would break out in filibuster-
ing expeditions and aggressions upon feeble
States.
How all these predictions have beenfalsified!
now nobly has the American soldier returned
to the character of the American citizen, and
how readily will he again assume the charac-
ter of the soldier when his country calls him
to arms. In this assurance is our great
defense. We know that we have all the ele-
ments of a great military organization slumber-
ing in the workshops, in the fields, and in all the
forms of peaceful industry, and that they will
arouse at the tap of the drum. We know that
we have the resources to put it in the field, and
to maintain it there. No Power wishes to
attack us now. No Power that has injured us,
when our strength had not been fully vindicated,
but regrets it, although she may not be willing
to confess it.
I have intimated the way in which I think
we should retaliate upon England. Let us do
it here at home. We have already shown that
we are so strong that we cannot be conquered ;
let us show that we are as strong in the arts of
peace as we are in the arts ot war. Let us
make the country so desirable to live in, so
rich in the rewards of industry, so attractive
, to foreign capital and foreign labor, that they
will seek investment and employment in the
development* of our unparalleled natural re-
sources, and will add daily to our greatness
and our strength. Let us transfer to Lowell
and Providence and Pittsburg the workshops
and factories which are now manufacturing
and fabricating for us in Manchester and
Glasgow and Birmingham; let us furnish
from our own prairies the food which the
men engaged in these labors consume; let
: us put into our own Treasury the taxes which
they pay_; let us add to our national wealth
the earnings which they accumulate; let us
hold up to the world the example of a great,
a prosperous, and a magnanimous people,
accomplishing in a century, under free insti-
tutions, more than any monarchy has effected
in all its life ; let us by the economical man-
agement of our finances and by the gradual
' extinction of the public indebtedness lighten
the burdens of taxation and make the Govern-
ment again the cheapest, as it always has been
the best, on the face of the earth.
I This, Mr. President, is the way in which I
■ would make war upon England. This is a
j mode of war which enriches instead of devas-
j tating, which builds up instead of tearing down,
!i which makes no orphans and no widows. It
1 is a war upon Christian principles, a war upon
the principles of common sense, of true polit-
ical economy, of civilization and humanity—a
war which leaves us nothing to regret, nothing
to mourn over, nothing to pay for.
But I would go even further than this in the
direction opposite to that indicated by the Sen-
ator from Michigan. I regard the present as an
auspicious time for introducing into the recog-
nized national law those ameliorating principles
for which the United States have long con-
tended ; which will deprive war of much of its
barbarism and remove it from piracy on tho
ocean as it has been removed from brigandage
on the land.
The congress of Paris in 1850 agreed to abol-
ish privateering; but as this was one of the
acknowledged rights of war the abolition ap-
plied only to those who were parties to the
congress, or who should otherwise accede to
