1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
tion, that a prudent Secretary would be a little
careful in the exercise of it; but perhaps I am
wrong ; perhaps I ought not to have made any
such demand; perhaps he has been prudent.
I do not now nor have I heretofore arraigned
him very peremptorily upon his exercise of this
most extraordinary jurisdiction. I saw features
in his report that I thought very extraordinary,
and I called attention to them.
I have not had them explained to my satis-
faction ; butl did not mean to make an attack.
I do not think we have to-day the information
before the Senate which enables us to under-
stand this matter clearly; but the simple ques-
tion now is, nearly the whole of this money
having been paid out or gone into the Treas-
uary, there being only, as I believe, about a
million withheld, and half of that, I think, in
the hands of somebody or other as security
for a law suit—the question being about pay-
ing in $500,000; since they only ask to appro-
priate out of that $100,000, or about twenty
per cent, of it, I was trying to get in this one
remark: that I have been on the Committee on
Appropriations some little time—and I was on
the Committee on Finance once when I was
young—when that committee had charge of
appropriations ; and, as near as I can remem-
ber, it was not the practice of the Committee
on Finance, and I distinctly remember thai it
is not the present usage of the Committee 011
Appropriations, to appropriate even so insig-
nificant and utterly contemptible a sum as
$100,000 without having some reason stated for
doing it, without being able to know something
about where it is going, or why it is called for.
But here is a call immediately to appropriate
$100,000; and when you ask why, what for,
where is it going to, you are told the Secretary
of the Treasury is being sued all over the coun-
try ; and when you ask how he happened to be
all over the country, how he happened to be
spread out so extremely thin, you are told that
if the Secretary lias not been he has been there
by agents of his, and his agents are being sued.
When you ask what agents they are, in what
courts they are sued—why, sir, 1 do not know
what the answer will be ; it has not come yet.
Mr. President, 1 hope I shall not be thought
unreasonable ; I am not really captious about
it; I am willing to compromise 011 their own
terms, willing to make the appropriation of
$100,000, to get the balance into the Treas-
ury ; but I only do not want this to be regarded
as a precedent. I wish this committee could be
a little more explicit in their information ;
but as we live, T trust, we shall learn. If we do
not know much to day we may hope to know
something in the next century, if the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment go on with their work ;
and I know that whatever work my friend
from Vermont engages in will be prosecuted
to the end.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose it is not de-
sired to pass this bill to-night, as it is a subject
of a good deal of controversy.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. Let us vote
011 it and get rid of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If we are to go on in
this way every day I have 110 objection ; but
we are appealed to in this way every day, and
the result is that we sit beyond the usual hour
of adjournment. If other Senators desire to
do that always I shall not object; but I do
not see that there is anything in this bill which
requires us to sit unusual hours.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Docs anybody want to
discuss it further?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we can dispose
of it in a few minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is insisted now that
we shall not adjourn, but that we must stay
here and pass this bill, and the Senator who
asks us to pass it has not the records on which
he proposes to appropriate $100,000. He tells
us in general terms that there are a hundred
suits in New York and that there are other
suits here. I had heard that, sir; and there
was a gentleman, a friend of mine, who wanted
to be appointed a special agent of the Treasury
Department. I made some inquiry about this
matter. He told me that ho had a good deal
of information to bear upon these suits that
were pending. I inquired about them at the
Treasury Department, and I could not find
where the suits were nor that there were such
suits, and I went there 011 purpose to recom-
mend his appointment, if there were such
suits. The gentleman 1 inquired of told me
there was one suit pending. Now, I should
like to know something about these suits be-
fore we vote one way or the other. I think it
is not inconsistent with the public business
for us to adjourn at this hour, and it was upon
that state of feeling in my own mind that I
got up to move an adjournment, but Senators
said "No; let us pass the bill."
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are ready to say
" ay."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure the Senator
will permit me to say one word.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call my friend from
Vermont to order. The motion to adjourn is
not debatable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I trust the Senator from
Indiana will withdraw it to enable me to say a
word.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say to
my friend from Indiana that I have no disposi-
tion to push this matter through to-niglit if
anybody desires further information about it.
My friend from Wisconsin thinks the commit-
tee do not want to pass it, and now the moment
we say •' let us pass it" my friend from Indiana
says " Oh, 110 ; you have not got the material
here to pass it." What am 1 to do? I am
willing to do whatever the Senate says.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say, for one, that I
never suspected the Senator from Vermont of
any disposition to crowd this through with un-
necessary and unseemly haste, and I do not
think anybody can accuse him of that. Jt has
rested here ever since March last, and I think
now, if the Senate will consent to adjourn on
the motion of the Senator from Indiana, and
this thing is managed ingeniously, we can keep
this measure (to which nsbody in the world
objects except the Secretary of the Treasury)
along here through this session of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We certainly can, if my
friend from Wisconsin spends an hour a day
speaking on it.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 27, 1868.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am directed by the
committee appointed to prepare and report
articles of impeachment against the President
of the United States to submit the following
resolution :
Resolved, That the committee appointed to pre-
pare and report articles of impeachment against
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, be
permitted to rbportin print.
The resolution was agreed to.
tax on iron.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee of
Ways and Means House bill No. 81(5, declara-
tory of the meaning of a certain clause of sec-
tion ninety-four of the act of March 3, 1805, en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue," &c.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the true
intent and meaning of the following clause in
section ninety-four of the act entitled "An act
to provide internal revenue," &e., passed
March 3, 1805, to wit: "on railroad chairs,
and railroad, boat, and ship spikes, and tubes
made of wrought iron, five dollars per ton,"
was, and is hereby, declared to have been a
specific tax of five dollars per ton upon the
manufactured articles, inclusive of the tax
upon rolled iron and exclusive of the tax
upon pig iron, blooms, slabs, and loops.
Mr. SPALDING. It is a unanimous report
from the Committee of Ways and Means, and
I hope there will be no objection.
There was no objection, and the report was
received.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
improvement of penobscot river.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislature of Maine,
asking an appropriation to remove obstructions
in the Penobscot river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
TEMPORARY HARBOR OBSTRUCTIONS.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back,
with an amendment, joint resolution (S. No.
95) authorizing the Light-House Board to place
warnings over obstructions at the entrance of
harbors or in the lair-way of bays and sounds.
The joint resolution authorizes the Light-
House Board, when, in their judgment, it is
deemed necessary, to place a light-vessel or
other suitable warning of danger on or over
any wreck or temporary obstiuction to the
entrance of any harbor or channel or fair-way
of any bay or sound.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to add the following as a new section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War is hereby authorized and directed to
appoint a board of competent engineers, to consist
ot' not less than three persons, to examine the con-
dition of the wreck of the steamer Scotland, now in
the waters of the city of New York, and ascertain
whether the same is dangerous to navigation, and to
report thereon at as early a day as practicable, with
a particular estimate of the cost of the removal of
said wreck.
Mr. ELIOT. I suppose there will be no
objection to this. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, the title was
amended by adding the words, " and for other
purposes."'
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
leave of ai5sence.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, of Penn-
sylvania, indefinite leave of absence was granted
to Mr. Mooriiead.
wagon roads in dakota.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back Honse bill No. G50,
to amend the act of 3d March, 1865, providing
for the construction of certain wagos roads in
Dakota Territory,with a recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill enacts that the unexpended balance
of an appropriation made March 3, 1805, for
the construction of certain wagon roads in the
Territory of Dakota, or so much thereof as
inay be necessary, be applied to the comple-
tion of tho bridge on the Dakota river on the
line of the Government road leading from
Sioux City, in the State of Iowa, to the mouth
of the Cheyenne river, in Dakota "Territory.
_ Mr. COOK. This bill changes an appropria-
tion made of about twelve thousand dollars.
It is presented upon the recommendation of
