86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
it. This modification of the law of nations
left private property on the ocean still exposed
to capture by vessels of war, and the manifest
result of our accession to it would have been
to place us at disadvantage with the great naval
Powers: for then our Navy was small, and our
reliance in case of war was largely upon pri-
vate armed vessels. It would have been a
surreuder of the mode of naval warfare in which
we were strongest, while that iu which the
other Powers were strongest remained against
us. It would be very little satisfaction to an
American merchant that his ship was burnt by
a public vessel of war rather than by a private
one. The United States had already opened
negotiations with several Powers for import-
ant ameliorations of the laws of naval warfare;
and the Paris congress bound the adhering
parties to make no treaties with other Powers
for any partial accession to the propositions.
All the propositions must be taken or none.
The effect was to cut off the Uuited States
from the whole or to drive us to the aban-
donment of the only mode of warfare which
placed us on an equality with the other great
Powers. Mr. Marcy in a dispatch of great force
and clearness defined the position of the Uni-
ted States. They would not surrender the
'• militia of the seas'1 unless the other Powers
would concede the freedom of the seas. We
were ready to take the broad and magnanimous
ground that private property should enjoy the
same immunity on the water as on the land,
that seizure by public and by private vessels,
except of articles contraband of war, should be
alike surrendered. This great advance in civ-
ilization was rejected. The parties to the Paris
congress invited us to surrender our means of
annoy i ug their commerce while they retained all
their means of annoying ours, and unless we
would agree to this they declined any stipula-
tions with us on the subject.
Subsequently, after the rebellion broke out,
Mr. Seward signified his inclination to accept
the propositions, unfavorable as they were to
us, relying upon the general progress of the
nations in the direction of the American doc-
trines upon naval warfare, and judging that
the present disadvantage in which we would be
placed in regard to foreign Powers would be
compensated by the safety of our commerce
from rebel cruisers. But the other Powers
declined our accession to their own proposi-
tions, unless we excepted the rebel States,
whose belligerent rights they had acknowl-
edged. They maintained in these States con-
suls whose exequaturs came from Washington.
They refused to receive from these States min-
isters who waited in the ante-chambers of the
principal courts of Europe, but they would not
admit our right to bind the rebel States by new
treaties.
Of course the negotiation fell through. And
now the time has come when we are as strong
upon the sea as upon the land, when we can
protect our commerce, and can carry destruc-
tion to the commerce of our enemies with or
without privateering; when we are equal under
any uniform system of maritime law to any
emergency which we may be called to meet.
Now the other Powers are naturally disposed
to receive with greater respect our suggestions,
and now we are less under the necessity of pro-
viding by law for the security which we can
enforce by arms. And now is the time for us
to resume the broad and magnantmous ground
that we stood upon before we had developed
our naval power; now is the time for us, in
the interests of commerce, of international in-
tercourse, and of civilization, to urge the ame-
lioration of maritime warfare to the full extent
that we proposed when, from the greater pro- ;
portion of our commercial interests to our naval
strength, we required them more than we do
now.
It would be a wonderful illustration of the
providence that brings good out of evil if
among the compensations of the terrible con-
flict through which we have passed it should
come that the peaceful commerce of the nations
should be relieved from the barbarous system
! that has come down to us, and the freedom of
the seas be secured to the whole world.
' Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I cannot
see what possible good the United States by
the adoption of this resolution will bring about.
All that it declares is that the Abyssinians will
be treated as a belligerent in the war now
going on as betweeu Abyssinia and England.
The effect of such a declaration may be to
cause England trouble, but I suppose if she is
to be injured at all by it it will only be by
the inducement which the resolution will hold
out to some of our own people to enter into
the service of Abyssinia upon the ocean and
prey upon the commerce of England under the
flag of Abyssinia. What possible advantage is to
result to the United States from that 1 am at a
loss to perceive, it may, on the contrary, result
seriously to our disadvantage. If our citizens
who may engage in such enterprises should be
captured and should be treated as England
might think proper to treat them, the conse-
quence might in the end be that we should be
involved in a war with England. Mr. Presi-
dent, I cannot imagine any greater calamity
that can fall upon the cause of freedom and
upon the material interests of the two countries
than a war between that Government and our
own.
I say this in no belief that we should not
emerge from that war with honor; but we
should have added to our public debt in all
probability an enormous amount; and we have
now one which puzzles the statesmen of the
day to know by what means it is to be met. It
presents the question of the day; and, if my
friend from Michigan will pardon me for saying
so, it is one to which he should bring his undi-
vided attention. It is much more important
to the interests and the honor of the United
States than anything that can occur by any
resolution that may be passed having refer-
ence to the difficulties existing between Abys-
sinia and England.
But besides the calamity of increased debt,
and the calamity of having our own commerce,
in the event of a war between England and
ourselves, suffer upon the ocean, as it would
surely do, I think that the cause of human
liberty would be very much damaged. We
■ have it here at heart, and we tbink that our
institutions are the best for its protection and
| for its perpetuity ; but no one who has read
English history I think can fail to come to the
conclusion that all the great principles upon
which human freedom stand, social and indi-
vidual, are there to be found. That she has
committed faults is undoubtedly true, because
her Government has been administered by
humanity; but that all the individual rights,
as far as they can be protected by a system of
enlightened jurisprudence, are there protected,
and that every political right necessary to the
enjoyment of actual liberty is there to be found
in a measure, though not to the extent to
which they are enjoyed here, I suppose every
student of her history will admit.
There is another thing that has always made
me exceedingly sensitive upon any proposition
which may involve us in a serious controversy
with that kingdom. We are of the same race,
speaking the same language, students of the
same history, inheriting the same renown, and
stand nowas lights before the world for its illu-
mination in all the great doctrines of political
freedom.
Her management of Ireland is subject, as I
think, to very serious objection. In my judg-
ment, not now for the first time formed, but
formed long since, it principally grows out of
the establishment of her church and insisting
upon its being supported by the Catholics of
Ireland. The calamities brought upon that
country years and centuries ago I believe would
have been forgotten if a different policy in
relation to her church establishment nad been
adopted and a kind and conciliatory policy in
all other respects had taken the place of what
appeared to be a harsh and rigid policy. So
much upon the general question.
Now, Mr. President, I think with the hon-
!! orable member from Michigan and with, as I
j think, almost every intelligent man in the
United States, without calling in question the
right which England had oil the 14th of May,
1S151, to acknowledge belligerent rights to the
confederates, that in doing it she committed a
gross error; she took a step unkind toward the
United States and suicidal ulinost to herself if
she had, as it was supposed, accomplished the
purpose of bringing about a separation of our
own couutry into two or more confederacies. I
think, also, that she has violated the neutrality
which, notwithstanding her acknowledgment
of belligerent rights, she owed to the Govern-
ment of the United States and to the confed-
erates, in permitting the cruisers who subse-
quently sailed under the flag of the confed-
erates to leave her ports under the circum-
stances in which they did leave them, and to
prey upon our commerce. In relation to the
particular outrages committed by one of them,
the Alabama, it is, as I think, perfectly evi-
dent, and can be demonstrated by the corre-
spondence, that England had knowledge suffi-
cient to authorize and to demand upon her
part the exercise of all her vigilance and her
power in time to prevent the Alabama from
getting out of the port and going to the ocean.
The secretary for foreign affairs at that time
who, by his descent, ought to have been the
friend of the United States—I mean the pres-
ent Earl Russell—apparently—I say apparently
because 1 can hardly believe that he really de-
signed it—apparently wished to interpose all
the delays that he could before he interfered,
so as to increase the ability of the cruiser to
leave the waters of England. Without acting
himself upon the evidence before him, which
was not only persuasive but conclusive, that
she was about to be used for the purpose of
preying upon our commerce, he referred the
questions to the legal officers of the Govern-
ment, and they were either not in London or
they took the delay which enabled the vessel
to leave the port of Liverpool.
( In my opinion, therefore, nothing is moio
clear than that England owes it not only to us
but to her own honor to pay every dollar of
i the losses which American citizens sustained
!' in consequence of the cruise of that vessel.
!, The honorable member of course knows, as we
I all know, that those claims are now the subject
. of negotiation between our Government and
; the Government of England. It has been pro-
posed to refer them to arbitration. In my
judgment they should be adjusted in that way
if the parties cannot themselves agree. But
now an additional obstacle is interposed. We
I insist—it is not for roe to say whether wisely
\ or not, nor am I prepared to say—we insist
i that the proposition to refer these claims should
be coupled with a proposition to refer the ques-
j tion whether England had a right on the 14th
I of May, 1861, to acknowledge the confederates
l! as belligerents and to accord to them belliger-
'l ent rights. The Senate will at once see, and
; I think the country will see, that whether she
did or did not act properly in acknowledging
such belligerent rights is a question which in
no manner affects our right to demand of her
the payment of all the damages suffered by our
citizens by the cruise of the Alabama.
But if the two things are to be considered as
connected, and our Government (meaning now
by the "Government" the executive depart-
ment of the Government) seem so to think,
then I submit to the honorable member from
Michigan whether he is not affecting injuriously
the claim. He proposes to acknowledge now
belligerent rights to Abyssiijia. He proposes,
therefore, to use his own language, that we
shall "retaliate" upon Great Britain in that
particular. If the admission of belligerent
rights is proper and the existence of belliger-
ent rights in the confederacy authorized Eng-
land to suffer the Alabama to leave her ports
then there will be no foundation for the claim
against England for the losses occasioned by
her career.
A word more and I shall have-done. Now,
between the two nations, with the single excep-
