3518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattoll, Conkling, Cragin. Davis,
Edmunds, Ferry,Fro)inghussen, MeCreery, AIorgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nyc, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Sherman, Stewait, Sumner,
Tlinyor, Wade, ami Wilson—19.
KAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Corbctt, ])co-
llttle, Drake, Fossonden, Harlan, Ilendrieks. How-
ard, Johnson, McDonald, Ramsey, lloss, Sprague,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickors, Willey,
Williams, and Yates—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, B.iyard, Buckalow,
Cameron. Cole, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson,
Howe, Morton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Rice, and Sauisbury—16.
So the second branch of the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to add tlie follow-
ing words after "Commissioner of General
Land Office " in the amendment as it stands :
The Commissioner of Pensions and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Can there be a sepa-
ration of the proposition?
The PRESlDENTjji-o tempore. I suppose so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for a division of
the question. I think the office of Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs is a very important one.
The oilier is merely clerical; anybody can
decide whether disability accrued because of
service or not.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion being divided, the first vote is 011 insetting
" the Commissioner ol'Pensions."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Corbett.Doolittle, Drake,
Jbessendcn, Harlan, Howard, Johnson, Mcllonald,
Nye, Patterson of iSTow Hampshire, Ramsey, Sprugue,
Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickors,
Willey, Williams, and Yates—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattoll. Cole, Conkling, Conness.
Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen,Hend-
ricks, MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
01 Vermont, Sherman, Sumner, Thayer, Wade, and
Wilson—W.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalew,
Cameron, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, llowo,
Morton. Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy.
Kicc, Itosa, and Sauisbury—10.
So the first branch of the amendment to the
amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the second clause of the amendment,
to insert " the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Corbett. Doolittle,
Drake, Ilarlan, Hendricks. Howard, McDonald,
Nye, Kamsey, Ross,Spragne, Tipton,Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Vickors, Willey, Williams, and Yates—20.
_ NAYS—Messrs. Cattoll, Cotikline, Conness, Ora-
gm, Davis, Edmuuds, Ferry, Fesseoden, Freliiighuy-
sen, MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire, Sherman,
St!7 ?Sv^?m,,lor' TIlaynr, Wade, and Wilson—20.
Ai>SEN f— Mosnrp. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalew,
Cameron, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Howe.
Johnson, Morton, Norton, Patterson ot Tennessee
Pomeroy, Rice, and Sauisbury—10.
So the second clause of the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting just preceding the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa the words " the Assistant Secretary of
the Interior.''
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would like
to have the Senator state on what authority he
moves that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose this amend-
ment upon thesame authority the otheramend-
raents have had for their support. They were
propositions made by individual members of
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They were in-
structed to move those by committees, and
notice was given. The Senator's motion is
not in accordance with the rule, I submit.
Mr. CONKLING. Neither were the others;
they were not referred to our committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, they were
laid on the table yesterday and referred to our
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wishtoinquirewhether
the rule applies in such cases as this. This is
not <m amendment to the original bill, but an
amendment to an amendment. 1 do not un-
derstand that the rule covers an amendment,to
an amendment. It only covers an amendment
proposed to an appropriation bill. This is an
amendment to an amendment. I raise that
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Upon that point I hope
the Chair will allow me to make a suggestion.
It seems to me that the Senator from Maine
must be correct,, because you never can antici-
pate the amendments that may be necessary
to an amendment. We can anticipate what
amendments we desire to offer to an appropri-
ation bill: but when an amendment is made to
it it brings up a new question, and it seems to
me it is in order to offer an amendment to that
amendment without giving notice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Whatever the
Senator's theory may be the fact does not
justify his inference in this case, because the
amendment here has offered no new light, I
take it, to any of the propositions 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I cannot con-
ceive that it has. It has not changed the char-
acter of the service at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have voted for three
or four amendments to the amendment that I
never would have voted for as independent
propositions. I merely voted for them as
amendments to the original amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the rule read.
The Chief Clerk read the last clause of the
thirtieth rule, as follows :
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from eommittces of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Our rule has been that
no amendment should be received to an appro-
priation bill increasing the appropriations un-
less it was offered from a committee ; but that
rule was never held to apply to an amendment
to an amendment. If a committee offered an
amendment, which brought the case within
the rule, it was always held to be in order for
a Senator to move an amendment to that
amendment, because it was no part of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What would the rule
amount 'to if you could get around it all the
time in that way 1
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then make j'our rule
so that we cannot get around it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That seems impossible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The ruling has always
been that where a committee offered an amend-
ment, an amendment might be offered by any-
body to that amendment increasing the amount
or doing anything else. Now, we have a rule
that an amendment must be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations a day before-
hand. When that has been done, and the
amendment is offered in the Senate, why can-
not any body offer an amendment to that amend-
ment,which then for the first time comes before
the Senate'!
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that an amendment to an amend-
ment does not come within the provision of
the rule. Any Senator may offer an amend-
ment to an amendment without submitting il
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CONNESS. If it increases the amount
of appropriation. Is that the decision?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair, that does not make any
difference in the case of an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one view of this
matter which I wish to present to the Senate.
Each name inserted here increases the appro-
priation, because the section as 1 offered it
makes an appropriation to pay the increase of
salary. 'This is a very important rule ; and if
you allow tins proceeding il upsets the whole i
rule. Amendments of a legislative character
are offered to an appropriation bill. Under this
const,ruction what, then, is to prevent any Sen-
ator from moving to hitch 011 to such an amend-
ment a provision appropriating $1,000,000?
When you add a new name to the list iu this
amendment you increase the appropriation,
and in fact make a new additional appropria-
tion. The Senate will see at once that if it is
decided that an amendment, to an amendment
does not come within the spirit of our rules,
as a matter of course it will be the easiest thing
in the world for us to upset this whole rule.
Suppose, for instance, the Committee on Ap-
propriations should report an amendment
appropriating §100,000 for the Agricultural
Department, and then the Senator from Illi-
nois, without authority from any committee,
should move as an amendment to that amend-
ment an appropriation of $500,000 for the
increase of the judiciary fund. That would be
perfectly proper according to his doctrine, but
by it this whole rule would be defeated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that
there is any question before the Senate. If
there is I should like to reply to the Senator
from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing before the Senate unless the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal, and
wish to say a word on that question.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair has not decided
it, as I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair has de-
cided 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has intimated the opinion that an amendment
to au amendment does not come within the
rule relating to amendments being referred
to the Committee on Appropriations. The
question had better be settled.
Mr. SHERMAN. With perfect respect, I
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair,
because it virtually upsets the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I suppose it is iu
order to reply to the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is anew rule; andit is
the first time we have ever had a practical appli-
cation of it to any extent. We have always
been able to get along very well without such
a rule. The Senator from Ohio, after adopt-
ing a new rule, is for giving it an application
that would prevent the Senate from amending
an amendment. It would be like the previous
question here in the Senate. An amendment
is intended to be proposed by some Senator,
and he sends it quietly to the Committee on
Appropriations. Neither the Senator from
Ohio nor myself have ever heard of it. It
comes into the Senate here for the first time,
and we are to take that precisely as it is pre-
sented, and we cannot move to amend it; that
is to say, we are to take the silm as proposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. This point of order is
made upon the old rule. The objection now
made does not come under the new rule. The
objection now made is that the amendment of
the Senator from Oregon does not come from
any standing committee. That is the objection
of the Senator from Maine, and it is an objec-
tion made under the old rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have been diseussiug
it^ with regard to the point whether it came
within the new rule. Now, if the Senator puts
his appeal upon some other ground, it is a
change of fiont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I stated dis-
tinctly at first that that was the ground I put
it on, though I did not get an opportunity to
state it very fully.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Theprinciple would be
the same, I suppose; butthe ground upon which
it was argued by the Senator from Ohio, I under-
stood, was that the proposition was not in order
under the new rule. But suppose you take it
under the old rule, was it ever the understand-
ing in the Senate'that if au amendment was
moved by « committee a Senator could not
