2494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
breath of popular opinion among their con-
stituents, and understand how a great people
■u* /-^raged indignant at the verdict
which has been pronounced here to-day on this
most important trial.
But, sir, I cannot favor au adjournment,
ihere is important business before the Senate.
Ihere is the business of the Committee on
■territories, whose business is not advanced at
all, and of other committees. I shall there-
lore vote against this adjournment. X trust that
in the meantime we shall be able to hear from
the country and feel the effect of popular
opinion. I do not mean upon the votes of
members; but I mean if that opinion can in
any way influence our decision, it will be for
the best interest of the country.
Mr. DOOLIIT-LE. Mi-. President, I voted
against the adjournment of the Senate sitting
as a court of impeachment for the reason that
we had been in session as a court of impeach-
ment for six weeks or two months, the trial
had been concluded, every Senator had formed
his judgment, every Senator was present, and
tre were in the process of pronouncing the
judgment of the court in the case which had
been tried—a case of great interest, which has
attracted the attention of every Senator and
weighed upon him for a long time. But a ma-
jority of the Senate concluded to adjourn, and
to adjourn over until the 20 th instant. I thought
it was an unheard of thing in a court in any
civilized country before; but it may be that the
majority is right and that I am wrong in the
Views which 1 have of it.
But, inasmuch as the Senate, sitting as a
court ot impeachment, have determined to
adjourn, it seems to me it would be better that
the benate, as^ a Senate, should also adjourn.
1 shall not go into the question as to what con-
siderations may have moved gentlemen to ad-
journ the court of impeachment; but it seems
to me, that being the very important, pressing
business which was upon us> and we were just
ready to come to a conclusion upon it, if there
were any reasons which should adjourn such a
weighty and pressing matter as that the rea-
sons are still stronger for putting aside, for the
present, at all events, these other matters.
Besides, sir, we need not discuss the fact
that this convention which is to sit at Chicago
during the coming week will engross not only
the public mind, but will engross, to a very
gieat extent, the attention of the Senate as
well as of the House of Representatives. It
will be very doubtful whether upon any con-
tested question a quorum of the two Houses
will be present in the transaction of business;
and, practically, it seems to me we may as well
conseut to the adjournment which the House of
Representatives have asked. While I have op-
posed the adjournment of the court and wished
to close that business—and had it been closed
I would have voted against the adjournment
ot tlie benate—yet, under these circumstances,
the court having been adjourned just as it was
in tlie conclusion of a most important matter,
X now consent to give my vote for the adjourn-
ment of the Senate.
m1'" obtained the floor.
Mr. I OMEROY. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me, I should like to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin a single question.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly!
r ROMEROY. I understood the Senator
from Wisconsin to say that he thought it to be
an unheard of thing for a court to adjourn
while it was rendering its verdict. If I recol-
iect rightiy, the Senator from Wisconsin voted
m the court to adjourn over until July, on the
motion of the Senator from Missouri. rLau h-
ter.j L °
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I voted for an amend-
ment to the proposition to adjourn. If we
adjourned at all f proposed to give a long ad-
journment, so that we could do business in
the meantime.
Mr. POMEROY. Then it would not be an
unheard of thing to have a long adjournment.
Mr. DOOLITfLE. If we were to have any
I preferred a long one.
May 16,
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Wis-
consin voted for an adjournment to July, when
it was an unheard of tiling with him for a court
to adjourn for a week!
_Mr. DOOLITTLE. I voted to adjourn sine
die also. I am still willing to vote to adjourn
it altogether.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I have
no feeling upon this question of adjournment.
I do not care what the Senate does upon that
subject. I am utterly indifferent upon it. But,
sir, I do object, under a motion to adjourn, to
Senators taking occasion to comment upon the
action of their associates here in another capa-
city.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
nkr] says that he never before voted for an
adjournment. I believe I can bear him wit-
ness to the truth of his assertion, if he needed
any, that never since I came here has he voted
for an adjournment upon any occasion, scarcely
.ever willingly until after live or six o'clock in
tiie.aftprnoon, hut never for any length of time.
I do not think [ ever knew tlie Senator since I
have been in the Senate to vote for an adjourn-
ment sine die, even in July or August.
Mr. SUMNER. Never.
Mr. HENDERSON. Never, I believe. If
the Senator had his way he would remain here
forever and ever. [Laughter.] Never would
he leave this body ; and, as a Senator says, I
suppose he would have some objection to leav-
ing this world even.
Now, Mr. President, I do not see any use
in some of the remarks made by the Senator.
For instance, he said that the President, a
great criminal, had been acquitted by one vote,
and that that matter now had been adjourned
0VCI\ and that while that adjournment was
pending he wanted to have no communica-
tion with him whatever, notwithstanding some
of the Senators here desired to have it. Mr.
President, I have no more communication with
Mr. Johnson than has the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I have not seen Mr. Johnson since
January last. I have had no personal coinmu
mention with him, and desire to have none,
especially until we get through with this trial.
As we have adjourned the court, and the Sen-
ator voted for it, and thereby made an excuse
lor his voting, against his .custom, for an ad-
journment of the Senate; inasmuch as this
thing has occurred, partly by the Senator's
own fault,-is it not wrong, in the midst of
this trial, to comment upon the action of other
Senators or to make any reflection upon the
accused ? It is enough to do it in our capacitv
as jurors and judges. I do think thatwe should
abstain from it while in the Senate. If noth-
ing else requires it, a decent self-respect should
demand it. That is my opinion, and I express
it freely, not that I have any sympathy with the
political course of Andrew Johnson ; for I ab-
hor it as much as the Senator from Massachu-
setts does. But the question presented to my
conscience is not a political question under
the articles of impeachment. I have to find
according to the law and the evidence; and
no Senator in this body has a right, either in
the Senate or in the court, to reflect upon my
conduct or upon the conduct of any other of
his associates on that subject.
If the question of political action is to be
brought into consideration, then I have the
same feeling in reference to the political con-
duct of Mr. Johnson that the Senator from
Massachusetts has. I have no doubt that we
should agree on that point; but that is not the
question.
_ The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] de-
sires that we should adjourn this body and go '
before our constituents and snuff the breeze '
that we will there find prevailing. Why? Will!
that enlighten us in the discharge of our duty I
under the obligations of an oath? Perhaps it !
would be well, upon the trial of a great crime !
to turn the jury loose from their rooms in the !
court-house and let them snuff the breeze in the
court yard; but the Senator from Illinois I !
apprehend, would not advocate such a policy !
He desires that we should adjourn this body !
and go among our constituents and ascertain
what is doing there, and let the voice of out
constituents come up and enlighten us in the
discharge of our duty.
No man lias a higher regard for his con-
stituents than I have for mine ; they have been
generous and kind to me; and no man loves
them better than I do, I presume, or has a
higher degree of confidence in their judgment;
but, Mr. President, they cannot enlighten me
on this subject. I hope they will not desire it.
They can enlighten me on all political ques-
tions; but this is not a political question. It
is one that appeals to my conscience ; it is one
that I am-bound to decide according to the
charges as framed by the House of Repre-
sentatives and according to the law and the
evidence adduced upon them ; and I have felt
it my duty, so far as I possibly could, to decide
justly, and having decided I am in the hands
of my constituents, and if they object to my
decision I tender most freely the resignation of
the place that I now hold. Sir, I would not hold
this place here to violate the obligations of an
oath at the dictation of all the people of this
world ; and all the reflections that can be cast
upon my conduct, all the opprobrium that may
be heaped upon me now, and all the odium in
the future that the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Illinois,-or all the Sen-
ators that ever existed, or ever can exist, can
cast upon me, shall not drive me from the dis-
charge of an honest duty. I like this place as
well as the Senator from Massachusetts ; and
perhaps the time may come, when I have been
here as long as he and grown so great as he,
if that J)e possible, that 1 may possibly desii-6
to sit in my chair day and night and never
adjourn, as he does. But, sir, I do not love
it so well, nor shall I ever love it so well as
to forget the obligations of duty when they are
imposed upon mo by the solemnity of an oath.
Now, sir, I have said this much ; and I do
hope that from this day to the end of the trial
we shall hear no more reflections of this char-
acter, aud that when we leave this body after
the adjournment we shall be able to go before
the people in the coming canvass as we would
have done if this trial had not occurred, and not
be told that this is a great political or party
question. Sir, the institutions of our country
are involved in it; the construction of the Con-
stitution is involved in it; the construction of
the laws upon our statute-books from 1789 down
to the present day is involved in it; and I am
not to be told that my duty as a politician or
partisan requires that I shall turn my back upon
the honest convictions that 1 entertain upon the
construction of the Constitution and the laws of
the land. Sir, there is no use of such talk as this.
>\e can leave here, as we have been, friends.
Ihere is no use of exciting party hatred against
any man. There is no use of claiming that this
is a party question, for it is not: and the day
that our party shall commit itself to the awful
proposition that a man, in order to be in full
standing with it, must be perjured before God
and man, that day the party crumbles, as it
ought to crumble, into the dust.
1 love the Republican party as well as my
mends. I expect to act with it, notwithstanding
wnat may be &aid of my course here. I have
not lost my fealty to it. Newspapers may say
that I am an apostate: newspapers may de-
mand that I take my place in another party:
but that requires the consent, I apprehend of
another; it requires at least mv own consent:
ana that consent, solar, has not. been obtained!
+L""' r e"TPect t0„ act as I have ever acted in
he discharge of duty; and if I y0te to acquit
the I resident upon every charge, as I expect
to do now, unless I shall change my mind, I
yet have not lost my party fealty, for it is no
Ft,™ ,que.stif,n! 1 expect to go from this
TtSV11 'discharge of my party duty as
I would We discharged it if this case had '
/•(-Ug!it ilere ; and 1 have eTCr
m1 1 was brouSl{t her<>- It never
Jf a,ve or'11 krougl"here, itshoald
is )tV° ™dtTthc cfcargea " <-!« which
it is brought. Ihat is my judgment.
