1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
tiort of which I have just spoken, the most
friendly relations exist upon the part - of the
Governments as well as of the people. What-
ever may have been the feeling at the first or
the second war in the past, it is now certain
that they are willing, and not only willing but
solicitous, to avoid any real cause of conflict.
I submit, under these circumstances, to my
friend from Michigan, whether it is politic to
adopt a resolution which may be understood
as indicating a feeling on the part of the legis-
lative department of the' Government hostile
to the Government of England; not hostile
because of the claims which we make for the
wrongs done us in the case of the Alabama,
but hostile upon general principles; whether
it will not show that we mean to retaliate when
she apparently regrets that she ever gave cause
for such retaliation. Peace between the two
nations is the interest of both. Peace between
the two is the interest of humanity. Peace
between the two is in the interest of constitu-
tional freedom; and for one I never will cast
a vote which the honor of my country may not
render absolutely necessary which shall be
calculated in any way to endanger its continu-
ance.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator says truly that both nations speak the
same language and are of similar origin. This
would have been a good argument to use to
Great Britain on the 14th day of May, 1861,
though perhaps as the Senator from California
[Mr. Confess] suggests she ought to have
remembered that fact at that time; but, sir,
the British Government did not remember that
fact, and they went on and committed this act
of hostility. Now the Senator from Maryland
says that they are prepared to settle our claims,
and that they are sorry for the wrongs they have
done us. I have yet to see the first symptoms
of sorrow on the part of Great Britain. When
we proposed to refer these claims to some
friendly Power they rejected the proposition
with scorn; they said they would not refer
them, and threw us out of court. Now, with
retaliation hanging over their head and the
probability that in this, their first war, other
nations may recognize belligerent rights on
the part of their antagonists, they are willing to
refer.
Mr. President, nations neither give nor
receive credit for magnanimity. Great Britain
has been a bullying Power for the last one
hundred years; she has bullied all weak Pow-
ers and humbly submitted to all strong Powers.
She is ready to call the king of Abyssinia to
account; she will be slow to call the United
States to account.
The Senator says this may lead to war.
Why did it not lead to a war when the process
was originated by Great Britain? Why did we
not declare war if this be a cause of war? If
it is a cause of war now it was a cause of war
then, and it is too late for her to come in and
consider this, her own act, a casus belli.
Sir, I have heard Englishmen make this re-
mark, " You dare not punish a traitor nor dare
you resent an insult." Perhaps, Mr. Presi-
dent, that may be true, but I hope it is not.
God knows we have been insulted enough for
the last six years without having that taunt
thrown into our teeth. We have not punished
a traitor, and perhaps we dare not resent a
national insult; but if such be the case God
save the nation.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this discussion is somewhat premature.
The subject which has been so gravely dis-
cussed, especially by my friend from Maryland,
has aljeady been referred to Congress by the
President of the United States in his annual
(pessage. There is a weighty passage there to
which sufficient attention was hardly given
when the message was read. It is as follows:
" JJ o arrangement has as yet been reached for the
settlement of our claims for British depredations
upon the commerce of the United States. I hare felt
it my duty to decline the proposition of arbitration
made by her majesty's Government because it has
hitherto been*aceompanied by reservations and lim-
itations incompatible with the rights, interests, and
honor of our country. It is not to be apprehended
that Great Britain will persist in her refusal to satisfy
these just and reasonable claims, which involve the
sacred principle of non-intervention—a principle
henceforth not more important to the United States
; than to all other commercial nations."
In this paragraph the whole subject of our
claims on Great Britain, and also, I may say,
, of her claims upon us is opened for considera-
( tion. This has already been referred to the
j Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate,
ii In addition to this reference I may add that
: j we have reason to expect every day a message
I from the President covering all the correspond-
ence relating to these claims. Under these
circumstances it seems that I do not express
myself too strongly if I say that any discus-
sion of the main question is entirely premature.
For myself, I am not disposed to anticipate
the conclusion of the committee, to go on in
1 advance, even by way of reply, to the argument
| of my friend from Michigan, or by way of fol-
' lowing what has been said so well by my friend
from Maryland. It seems to me we had better,
for the moment, wait. Let the committee con-
sider the subject. It will be their duty. I have no
: doubt that in due time they will make a report.
' What it may be of course I cannot anticipate.
The subject I will say, however, is one of the
most important in its bearings on our foreign
relations that has ever been presented to Con-
gress, touching, as it does, a question between
; the United States and Great Britain, and con-
| cerning also important principles of the law of
nations. It is for us to consider how we shall
interpret this great law of nations that is bind-
j ing, as it is, on ourselves and also on all other
Powers. Mindful we must be that any con-
clusion which we shall reach will not be merely
for ourselves, nor merely for an individual
case, but will be the establishment of a prin-
ciple that will pass into the law of mankind.
Under such circumstances I say again I am
not disposed to precipitate this discussion. I
am not sorry that it has been opened as it has
been to-day. The case has been presented.
That is something. But I hope that the-Senate
for the present will not proceed any further,
and, if no other Senator has any remarks to
make, I will move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. NYE. I have only a word to say before
we take the course suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts. About four years ago a
resolution embodying substantially what this
resolution proposes now was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and has been
there ever since, and there it will be forever I
have no doubt. Sir, this is a question in which
the people of this nation feel a deep and an
abiding interest, and I hope if this resolution
takes that direction that the committee who
have slumbered so long—for three or four long
years—over a resolution embodying the same
principle precisely, will awake to the interests
of the country and give us a report. It is a
long slumber for that resolution. The poor
men who wese a few years ago in wealth, but
who are now reduced to poverty by the out-
rages committed on our commerce, are suf-
fering for the necessaries of life. I confess that
I have a great glory in the power of my country;
but it seems to be utterly powerless when it is
proposed to punish a traitor or to call a pow-
erful foreign nation to an account for that
which no other nation save themselves would
have dared to do.
The honorable Senator from Maryland seems
to think this is magnanimous. It is. It is a
magnanimity that the people of this country
do not feel quiet under. It is a magnanimity
displayed, I believe, when the circumstances
of the case do not demand it. Two years ago,
in making a voyage from my home here, five
or six captains of whale ships were on the
vessel with me; and how were they sent home?
Without a dollar in their pockets ; sent by the
proper officer from the Sandwich Islands to
San Francisco; and through all that tropica!
region they had not one dollar with which to
buy ice sufficient to cool the water they drank.
Citizens of this great Republic, men who had
dared the dangers of even the frozen ocean in
order to bring you the means to increase your
wealth and power and strength, men whose
every pulsation beat high for the glory and
perpetuity of their country, are to-day put
aside by the promise that the whole question
shall be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. Sir, in the name of these sufferers
I bespeak at the hands of the noble and mag-
nanimous chairman of that committee imme-
diate action.
I do not think that a little lesson would be
I lost on England. I think there should be at
any rate a slight sort of intimation from the
1 legislative body of this nation that we look
upon her efforts and the subterfuges to which
she resorts to get rid of the payment of this
debt at least with disfavor. I think it is" due
to the importance of this question that it
should have early and earnest action from the
proper sources. And if the President's mes-
sage is true in that respect—and I have no
doubt it is—the whole matter stands now
where it did three years ago; and it stands
now where it will stand five years from this
time unless the power that moves this country
takes hold of it itself. The correspondence
on this subject—I have read it with some care
—has been a very harmless amusement be-
tween the two countries. It has displayed
great power and skill in presenting the case
on the one side by our great statesman and
diplomat, and fully matched on the side of
the proper British officer in warding off the
blow, and coming to no issue at all. Here we
stand, after three years, with a despoiled
commerce, with individual wrongs which can
never be fully compensated; men who have
been sacrificed and are now in their graves
that can never be reached; and we are told,
finally, by my ever ready friend on my left
[Mr. Sumner] that the Committee on Foreign
Relations design at some time to make a
report; but what it will be he does not know.
These people desire to know what this report
is going to be. They should have known
before now what the report is to be. They
should be made to know that the sentiment of
this Congress to a man is in favor, if they
reflect duly the will of their constituents, of
demanding and receiving the amount that is
due to the owners of our suffering shipping.
Mr. President, the SenJtor from KPfchigan
told a startling truth when he said that a thou-
sand sail of our commerce was lost. When I
was last in the city of San Francisco I saw with
my own eyes American ships, built in our own
ports, sailing under the Dutch flag, because
when in foreign ports they dared not come out
with our own colors at the masthead. Sir, it
is a humiliation that makes my very blood stand
still, that our glorious old stars and stripes,
upon our hulls built by American hands, should
be lowered to the Dutch flag for fear of the
aggressions of British piracy. I say "British
piracy." Others may call it by a milder name,
and if my friend [Mr. Sumner] should charac-
terize it in his most honeyed phrase he would
mean the same thing that I do. I have never
studied in the school of diplomacy that uses
honeyed words in which daggers are concealed.
Sir, it was piracy, and this nation demands that
action should be taken. Whether the resolu-
tion of my friend from Michigan shall be
adopted I care not; but I do care^that this
question shall have some kind of consideration,
and that it shall receive the action of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. The stars and
stripes that these men have pulled down have
heretofore had quite a significance. The stars
by their brilliant light have illuminated every
pathway of commerce in this nation and every
other. They have periled every ocean and
have sought cmt every channel of commerce.
The stripes are slightly emblematical of the
tribute our fathers paid to England when she
undertook to impress our seamen. There was
a joyous shout throughout the monarchical and
