1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
X4ST1
the officers having the matter in charge, and
indorsed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HOLMAN. It does not make any
appropriation, I understand.
The SPEAKER. It only changes an appro-
priation.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman frotn Illinois [Mr. Cook] how it changes
an appropriation, ahii- what appropriation it
was originally.
Mr. COOK. The appropriation is mentioned
in the bill itself. The act is referred to.
Mr. HOLBROOK. It does not change an
appropriation for a wagon road from Dakota
Territory to the Columbia river?
Mr. COOK. It does not.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I have no objection to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
llAILKOAD BRIDGE AT l'ADUCAII.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 384, to authorize the
building ot' a railroad bridge across the Ohio
river at Paducah, Kentucky, with a substi-
tute%
The substitute was read. It authorizes the
New Orleans and Ohio Railroad Company to
construct and maintain a bridge across the
Ohio river at Paducah, Kentucky, upon the
same terms, in the same manner, under the
same restrictions, and with the same privileges
as are provided for the construction of the
bridges at Quincy, Illinois, in the act to au-
thorize the construction of certain bridges and
establish them as post routes, approved July
25, 1866, said bridge, when constructed in ac-
cordance with tlm provisions of this act, to be
deemed and taken to be a lawful construction
and a post route of the United States.
Mr. RAUM. I wish to offer an amendment
to the substitute.
Mr. COOK. 1 yield for that purpose.
Mr. 11AUM. 1 move to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That the construction of said bridge
shall not be commenced until a railroad shall be con-
structed in the State of Illinois to a point opposite or
near Paducah, Kentuckv. of uniform gauge with the
said New Orleans and Ohio Railroad Company.
Mr. COOK. This is a bill which, as origin-
ally referred to the committee, provided for
the construction of a bridge across the Ohio
river different from the one provided for in the
substitute. The committee deemed it best to
report back a substitute providing for the con-
struction of a bridge across the Ohio river at
Paducah of precisely the same kind and under
the same restrictions that have been provided
in regard to the construction of bridges across
the Mississippi river—bridges constructed with
two draws of one hundred and sixty feet on
each side of the center pier and fifty feet be-
tween high-water mark and the lower cord of
the bridge. Charters for the construction of
about a dozen bridges across the Mississippi
river have been granted precisely similar to
this. It is a matter in which gentlemen from
Kentucky and Illinois are locally interested,
and I propose to leave the discussion of the
question to those gentlemen. I yield now to
my colleague from Illinois, [Mr. Raum.]
Mr. RAUM. I know that in the legislation
upon this subject there has been great liberality
manifested on the part of Congress, and that
the construction of a great many bridges has
been authorized by various acts of Congress.
It seems to me, however, that due caution and
circumspection should be had by this body in
passing upon bills of this kind. It is known
that the Ohio river is one of the great navigable
streams of this country, and that a very large
amount of commerce passes down that river,
and unless there are good reasons why a rail-
road bridge should be thrown across the Ohio
river fifty miles from its confluence with the
Mississippi as a matter of course authority
should not be given for so obstructing the navi-
gation of that river as would necessarily result
from the construction of a bridge.
Now, sir, I hold that there are no reasons to
justify the construction of this bridge across
the Ohio river at Paducah. It is known to all
persons who have had anything to do with or
have traveled over the system of railroads
south of the Ohio river that they have a gauge
of five feet, while it is equally well known that
the system of railroads north of the Ohio river
have agauge of four feet eight and a half inches.
Now, insist that these gauges are utterly
irreconcilable, and that no kind of cars can be
so constructed with trucks as to pass over those
two conflicting gauges of railroads. There-
fore, unless there are better reasons to be shown
to this House why a bridge should be thrown
over the Ohio river fifty miles above the mouth
of that river than I think can bo shown, under
all the circumstances, I think that this bill
should not be passed. It is known that Padu-
cah is a small city with ten or twelve thousand
inhabitants, and that there is no city or town
on the opposite side of the river, except a very
small town, three miles below Paducah. There
are no great commercial relations existing
between the State of Illinois and Paducah
which would warrant the construction of a
bridge for ordinary communication between
Illinois and Kentucky. Then what reason is
it that should prompt this House to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Ohio
river at (he town of Paducah? It is evident
that the bridge could not possibly be used as a
railroad bridge when we all know it is well un-
derstood that cars cannot be run from a track
of five foot gauge upon a track of four foot
eight and a half inches gauge.
There is another fact to which I wish to call
the attention of the House. There is uo rail-
road coming in to the Ohio river at a point
opposite the city of Paducah. There is no
railroad in process of construction coming in
to the Ohio river at a point opposite Paducah.
I undertake to say that the New Orleans and
Ohio Railroad Company has no control of a
railroad charter by which they can build a rail-
road to a point opposite Paducah. It so hap-
pens that my relation with the railroad system
of southern Illinois is such that I know this to
be true, and the company of which I had re-
cently the honor of being president, and made
a contract for the construction of the railroad
from Cairo to Vmcennes, now owns the char-
ter of the corporation which formerly was to
terminate its road at a town opposite Paducah.
The New Orleans and Ohio Railroad Company
has no control of that charter, and Iundeitake
to say that under that charter a railroad will
not be built to the town of Paducah, because
it is not the policy of the Cairo and Vincennes
Railroad Company at this time to build a
branch to that city. Then what reason is there
to prompt this House to pass this bill author-
izing the obstruction of the navigation of the
Ohio river? I hope this matter will be duly
considered by the House before authority is
given, by the passage of this bill, for the con-
struction of this bridge across the Ohio river.
Mr. COOK. I now yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Thimble.]
Mr. TRIMBLE, ofKentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I have no disposition to detain this House
by any extended argument upon the prop-
osition now under consideration. I take it
for granted that it is too late now to talk
about obstructing the great internal improve-
ments of the country that are necessary to
carry on the commerce of one section with
the others. I do not think this House will
at this time by f«iy legislation prevent any
section of country, or any corporation oper-
ating any railroad anywhere in it, from build-
ing any railroad bridge over any stream where
it would be to the mutual advantage of each
and every section of the country, and particu-
larly those most closely interested in it;
especially when it is proposed to have it built
in accordance with the laws controlling and
governing every other railroad bridge author-
ized by Congress.
In my humble judgment this bill has merit
in it. If the argument of the gentleman from
Illinois f Mr. Raum] be true, that this bridge
will never be built, even if authorized by law,
that there is no necessity .for it, then why does
he oppose it? Unless there shall be reasonable
probability that this bridge will be built, and
be of value to those who may invest their
money in the undertaking, why does the gen-
tleman oppose the passage of a bill authorizing
the building of this bridge? This proposed
bridge will connect the system of railroads
from Paducah south with the contemplated
line of railroad from Paducah via Vinceimes,
and there connecting with the railroads going
north and to the lakes, and also with the line
of railroad to St. Louis. That entire section
of country is interested in this line of road, be-
cause when completed it will give communica-
tion to the Gulf with a saving of distance of
from ninety to one hundred miles over any
other route from the lakes to the Gulf and from
the eastern to the southern States. There is
not a railroad in the States of Indiana or Illi-
nois connecting with any of the great trunk
lines of the east that is not interested in this
proposition. Now, will this House refuse to
give to this railroad corporation the right to
build this bridge when they ask nothing from
the Government but the poor privilege that
has been accorded to every other corporation
which has applied for a like privilege?
In regard to the argument of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ratjm] upon the difference
between the gauge of the roads south and the
gauge of the roads north I can only say that
this proposition is merely to build a bridge
across the Ohio; and unless gentlemen who
have pift their means in railroads can find it to
their interest to build this bridge it will not ha
built. And what use will the bridge be if the
cars cannot run over it? No one will build a
a railroad bridge unless he can select the lines
of railroads north and south to be connected
by that bridge. I have no objection to the
amendment proposed by the committee to this
bill; but I object to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Raum] to prevent
the bridge being built until the road to the
river has been built. So far as the gauge of
the different roads is concerned, cars can be
built with compromise wheels, and thus en-
abled to run on the differentgauges; and, there-
fore, the objection of the gentleman on that
score lias no foundation.
Now, as to the objection that the State of
Illinois is opposed to this, I do not suppose
the great State of Illinois will seek to prevent
capitalists from connecting the northern roads
with the southern roads. The gentleman is
mistaken in his view of the matter. By the
general law of his own State we have the right
to build a railroad from that point in Kentucky
to connect with any railroad in the North. I
hope, then, that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Raum] will not be
adopted by this House, but that the substitute
reported from the Committee on Roads and
Canals will be passed. I have no disposition
to detain the House by arguing a proposition
so plain and so palpable, as it seems to me, to
every member of it. We ask nothing but the
poor privilege of building this bridge when we
have the money to do it. I now yield to my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. -NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I regret
exceedingly to be obliged to do whatmay seem
to be an illiberal thing in regard to a matter
concerning one of the public improvements of
the country. I am rather embarrassed, also,
in the position, which I feel compelled to take
by the consideration that the erection of this
bridge will no doubt forward the ulterior local
interests of the city of Vincennes, in which I
happen to reside. But, sir, there are involved
in this bill other questions which are paramount
to any local consideration. The amendments
that have been proposed are perfectly imma-
terial in the view which I take of this matter.
