3520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
had his salkry raised to $4,000; and nowhere
>s the Assistant Secretary of the Interior, who
has for a long time acted as Secretary of the
Interior, who is practically the law officer of
that Department, whose business it is to review
all litigated questions in reference to land titles
and other questions ofthat description, and to
finally decide them, and he is left to get on
with a salary of §0,500. It seems to me to be
a very singular state of affairs. I supposed that
the same reason which justified increasing the
salary of the Commissioner of Pensions would
justify an increase of this salary, and I did not
suppose any objection would be made. The
propositions that have been made here, I have
no doubt, though I am not advised as to all,
have been simply made by certain members
of the committee applying to other members
of the committee for consent to propose those
amendments, and they have been proposed as
coming from the committee, when perhaps in
point of fact they had never been considered
by any committee, either by the committee
proposing them or by the Committeeon Appro-
priations, and in that way have been brought
before the Senate and have been considered
and adopted. If it be decided to be out of
order I have nothing further to say.
The PRESIDEN f pro tampon. The ques-
tion is whether the decision of the Chair shall
stand as the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. SUAINEli. I do not know that I can
add to the discussion ; but without undertak-
ing to express any opinion on what the old
rule was, or the old practice, it does seem to
me that the new rule we have established, if
it is to be preserved, requires an interpreta-
tion that shall exclude such a motion as that
which is now made, except according to the
notice required by the rule. I do not doubt
that a proposition may be made on an amend-
ment which shall be germane to it, which
shall be kindred to it, which shall be essentially
associated with that special amendment. l''or
instance, a condition may be annexed, or it
may be reduced ; but to add another distinct
proposition relating to anotherdistinctsubject-
matter it seems to me entirely nullifies the
new rule. If you can ajld to the first amendment
a second amendment to increase the salary of
another officer, why may you not go through
the whole Government and add a proposition
to increase the salary of the President of the
United States or of the Chief Justice? By the
same argument that you can add a proposition
to increase the salary of one other officer you
may add a proposition that shall increase the
salaries of all the officers of the Government.
It seems to me, therefore, that we cannot pre-
serve the rule which we have at last established
without excluding the proposed amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate ?"
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was overruled.
The PliESIDIiNTjpro tempore. The amend-
ment ottered by the Senator from Oregon is
out of order under the construction of the Sen-
ate. The question is on the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole as amended, to
add as a new section:
Add be it further enacted, That from and after the
30ih day ot'Jane, 18G8, the annual salaries of the
Comptrollers of the Treasury and the Commissioner
of Customs shall bo St,500 each; of the Solicitor, the
Auditors, Iho ltesister, and the supervising architect
of the Treasury, the Commissioner of the General
Land OUice, and the Commissioner of Pensions $4,000
each; and the additional amount necessary to pay
the increase of salaries provided for by this scetion
lie, mid the samo is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in tlio Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have voted against
these other amendments to this amendment,
not because I had any special ground to dis-
tinguish against gentlemen whose salaries it
was proposed to increase—I presume some of
them ought to be increased—but because lam
opposed to any increase at this time. That is
the reason why I have voted "no" upon several
amendments that have been offered adding to
this list of officers, and I shall vote against this
amendment, and I hope the Senate will not
adopt it.
A great deal of truth has been stated by the
Senator from Ohio as to the necessities of these
gentlemen. That is a truth that he could assert
as to the necessities of every Senator who hears
me who has not a fortune, whose expenditures
necessarily exceed his official income and sal-
ary, for the same reason that was toM by some
gentleman in debate, that even in this repub-
lican and democratic country there are certain
expenses that belong to official station some-
what proportioned to the dignity ofthat station,
family expenses, social expenses, official ex-
penses, and "begging expenses," it is sug-
gested. You are expected to subscribe to
every good work, and a great many that are not
good ; and you have to do it. So, although
our salaries are somewhat higher than those of
these Comptrollers, it is just as true of us that
we are pinched in order to make the ends meet
on our salaries at the end ofthe year. It can-
not be done. We are obliged, those of us who
are lawyers, to resort to our professional occu-
pations during the vacation, and during odd
hours of the session of the Senate to run into
the Supreme Court and earn $100, and do
whatever we honorably and properly can in
order to ekeout that sumwhich it is necessary
that persons in our position should expend for
public and private objects.
All this is true undoubtedly of these Comp-
trollers, but the question is whether we can
lift them at this time out of the position in
which they are placed and leave the poor low
grade of clerks—and when I speak of low
grade, I of course am speaking of their official
grade—who only get nine, ten, twelve, fourteen,
or sixteen hundred dollars a year in the slough
of despond, while we are elevating these others.
They are pinched in the same way. Their
expenditures are not as large, to be sure, but
they have only a third of the money to pay
them with. We are all in need of an increase
of salary, or else we ought all to be able to
make a dollar that we receive worth more in
wheat and corn and wine and oil than it is now.
That is the truth about it.
Can we, before we have settled our finances,
before we have adjusted our taxation, before
we have taken any of those great reformatory
and revisory steps that always must follow
after a period of disturbance and distress, such
as this war has brought about, enter upon this
special method of elevating particular salaries
to particular officers? They must bear the griefs
they have as the rest of us do, for the time
being, until we shall be able to adjust all these
salaries upon some proper substantial basis.
These are the reasons briefly why I feel
obliged to vote against this amendment as I
voted against the particular ones that were
offered to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is not a consul
of the United States, I believe, who is not
asking for an increase of salary because he has
all the dignity of the United States to sustain
and nearly all the charities. A consul with
$1,500 a year has to maintain his flag and the
dignity of the United States and contribute to
all the charities ; and I believe there is not a
single consul of the United States who is not
to-day demanding an increase of salary because
his necessary expenses in supporting the dig-
nity of this great Government are so great that
his pay is utterly incompetent to support him.
Now, sir, I find that thedignity of the United
States has to be sustained by every one of these
officers whose salaries have been raised ; but
I lind also that there is not a subordinate, no
matter whether his salary be §600 as a watch-
man or he be an Assistant Secretary, who does
not equally have the whole dignity of the
United States upon his shoulders. If it is
necessary that every employe of this Govern-
ment should sustain the dignity of the United
Stales let us increase themall, and let usenable
every one of them to sustain the dignity of the
i United States. It will be pretty costly; but
after all dignity must be sustained; we cannot
allow the dignity of this great Government to
fail for the sake of a few hundred or a few
thousand dollars which is simply required by
each and every subordinate.
Sir, I speak from actual knowledge—my
friend from Maine, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, will bear me out
that there is not a consul ofthe United States
anywhere from the Mosquito Islands to London
who does not demand an increase of salary, and
show us that it is absolutely necessary to sus-
tain the dignity of the flag and the dignity of
this great Government that his salary should
be increased.
This is all right, I suppose; but if we com-
mence the increase of salaries, let us go through
and increase them all; let us have the dignity
sustained ; let the women in the Departments
be paid enough to sustain the dignity of the
United States ; let the consuls of the United
States who are scattered over the broad globe
have money enough to sustain its dignity. Let
us have dignity by all means ; and let there be
no lack.
But, sir, enough of this. We have com-
menced here and now an initiatory step. If
this increase of salary is sustained in the Sen-
ate, then, sir, you must increase every salary
from the highest to the lowest, and next year
$10,000,000 will notpay for this initiatory step.
You have inaugurated a system that, if carried
out, will involve millions, and it must be car-
ried out. I have here before me, and shall
propose it now, a proposition coming from the
Treasury Department to increase other salaries
of a higher grade. You haveinsulted men here
by raising their subordinates over them, act-
ually insulted them. You have raised the sal-
aries of subordinates over that of their princi-
pals. The dignity of the United States cannot
be maintained if you raise the salary of a sub-
ordinate over that of his principal. You must
maintain dignity. Here you have raised the
salaries of your subordinates over that of an
Assistant Secretary. You lose your dignity at
once. It cannot be done.
Mr. NYE. I should like to know from the
honorable Senator from Michigan if he did
not vote for the additions. I noticed that he
voted for them, and the question arises in uiy
mind whether he has not helped to sustain the
dignity by his votes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I propose to put them
all on ; you want part; I want them ail on ; I
gave notice that 1 would vote for them all on
the ground that if you raise one you must raise
all. 1 voted for every one after I gave that
notice. If you are going to sustain the dig-
nity I want to sustain the whole dignity, and
not a little part of it. I want them all raised
if you raise any, and I expect the Senate to
raise them all. And now, sir, I wish to move
to put in at the place where my friend from
Iowa put in his amendment  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion pending is o>n the amendment as amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is in order, I believe,
to amend the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. It has just been decided that
you cannot do it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to put in " that^
the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury shall"
receive a salary of $5,000 per annum." I
move that as an amendment to the amend-
ment, and after that I have twenty or thirty
others which I wish to put in likewise.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask the
Senator whether he has given any notice of
that?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir ; it is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That has been
ruled out of order.
The PRESIDENT protempore. It is not in
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. It ought to be if it is
not; and if this is not entertained, I shall vote
against the whole section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I have not said anything about
