1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
lam disposed, however, to favor those amend-
ments so far os 1 understand them, believing
them to bo an improvement upon the original
proposition. But, sir, disguise or palliate the
proposition as we may, these bridges are all
obstructions to the navigation of' these great
rivers of the country. 1 never yet have seen
a bridge that was not, at least to some extent,
an obstruction, and very generally a very great
and very serious obstruction, to navigation. The
Ohio river, sir, in a national point of view, and
in almost every other aspect ia which you may
view it as a channel of commerce, is of more
value to this country than fifty ordinary rail-
roads. Bridges, I know, have been thrown
across that river at points above where it is
proposed to erect this bridge. But, sir, those
bridges are not so much an obstruction to the
river as this bridge necessarily will be. They
are above many of the most important tributa-
ries to it. The next bridge above is the one
now in process of erection opposite the city
of Louisville. That is not so much an obstruc-
tion to navigation as this one would be, for the
reason that the former is at the falls of the Ohio
river, where there is naturally a break in the
navigation.
Mr. COOK. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. $IBLACK. I will hear it.
Mr. COOK, i would like to inquire whether
the bridge across the river at Louisville must
not necessarily from its position, being located
at the rapids, be more of an obstruction to the
navigation of the river than a bridge at Padu-
cah, which will be located in still water and
provided with two draws of one hundred and
sixty feet, one on each side of the central
pisr.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is to some extent a
scientific question, and one which,  peihaps,
could be decided only by actual experiment, or,
at all events, by an examination of the proper
drawings and the plans of the two budges.
But, as 1 was remarking, the bridge at Louis-
ville is at all events at a biealc in the ua\iga-
tion of the Ohio river, around which a canal'
was constructed many years ago by the Gen-
eral Government, lhe steamboats navigating
the river are unable at any rate to pass over
those rapids during a large portion ol the year.
Hence,practicallyspeakuig, the bridgeatLouis-
ville cannot be so much of an obstruction as
the bridge now proposed evidently will be.
But, ifir, that is no matter. This erection of
a bridge across the Ohio river at Louisville is
not now an original question. It has already
been authorized, and it is unnecessary now to
go into the particular merits of that proposi-
tion in the argument of this question.
Paducah, as is known to every gentleman
who is familiar with the Ohio river or has ex-
amined the map of the country through which
it passes, is below the mouths of all the import-
ant tributaries of the Ohio river. Between the
city of Louisville and the city of Paducah the
Wabash river, the Green river, the Tennessee
river, and the Cumbeiland river all discharge
into the Ohio river. If this proposed bridge,
therefore, shall be erected, and shall in any man-
ner obstruct the navigation of the Ohio river, it
will operate as an obstruction to the naviga-
tion of all these other rivers, for many of the
boats passing up and down these rivers will
also want to pass through and under this bridge.
Therefore, in view of the direct interest which
the largest portion of my district have in the
navigation of the Ohio river, I am not prepared
to vote for this bill to-day. I regret to have
to say so, as I said at the outset; but I am not
sufficiently assured it will not be a serious ob-
struction to that river. And my apprehensions
are sufficient to induce me to vote against it
if I had no other reason for doing so.
I further submit there is no pressing present
railroad interest that will require this bridge.
It will be some time, as I think, before it can
be really needed; and I submit the exigencies
of travel and commerce must be very great,
indeed, which would justify us in hampering to
tlxe least extent the navigation of the Ohio
river. In doing this we also indirectly inter-
fere with the navigation of the Mississippi
below, for the reason that a large number of
the boats which navigate the Mississippi river
also pass up the Ohio river. The Ohio is one
of the greatest tributaries of the Mississippi.
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, the regret I have to
oppose a proposition in which my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Trimble] feels such a deep
interest; to oppose the construction of a bridge
which looks to the connection of his city and
mine by railroad. I am compelled under a
sense of duty, looking to this thing not in a
local hut in a general sense, to oppose it.
Mr. COOK. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RAUM. I ask the gentleman to yield
me live minutes of the hour to which he is
entitled to close the debate.
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. RAUM. Mr. Speaker, 1 do not propose
to go into any general discussion. I only wish
to present what I consider the main facts which
will govern us in giving our votes. Now, sir,
what is the object of the erection of a railroad
bridge across a navigable stream 7 It certainly
must be for the convenient transportation of
railroad cars across the river so as to connect
two systems of railroad, one on one side of
the river and the other on the other side of
the river. That must lie the main reason which
must influence persons in voting to authorize
a railroad company or companies to erect a
bridge across a navigable stream. Suppose
that reason does not exist. Suppose the gauges
of roads coming to opposite points are irrec-
oncilable, and cars cannot be ruu from one
road on to the other. It is a reason which,
under ordinary circumstances, would prevail in
influencing gentlemen to vote against the con-
struction of a bridge.
Now, sir, how is it in the case of this pro-
posed bridge? Those men in the southern
States, when they projected their system of
railroads in the South, intentionally made their
gauges irreconcilable with the northern rail-
roads, and for the obvious reason they looked
forward to the time when they would cut loose
from the national Government, when war
might perhaps result from their movements in
a political sense, and to the time when, if war
did come, lhe northern States and the Gov-
ernment of the United States would be unable
to use the cars coming from the northern roads
transported across the liver and placed upon
the southern roads. Such was the result when
we went down to conquer the South during
the war and captured their railroads, it was
found, if we failed to capture the rolling stock,
we were bound to construct rolling stock of a
suitable character to run upon them. The
Mobile and Ohio railroad, with which the gen-
tleman's road connects, lias a gauge of five
feet. That is a road, Mr. Speaker, extending
four hundred and seventy-three miles down
from the town of Columbus, m Kentucky, to
Mobile. It is a great highway, and a road
that cost millions of dollars, a road which has
an immense amount of rolling stock upon it.
It is not to be presumed for one moment that
that road will change its gauge. When we took
possession of that road and used it as far as
Corinth and beyond wo had to put rolling
stock upon it made for the purpose. You
could not use the Illinois Central railroad stock
on the Mobile and Ohio railroad and you
had to use other rolling stock of the proper
gauge. What is the system of railioads with
which this bridge would connect if the road
is built? It would be with railroads in Illinois
of four feet eight and a half inches gauge. I
undertake to say that the ingenuity of the
constructors of railroads and machinery has
never yet devised a truck which can compro-
mise between a gauge of four feet eight and a
half inches and five feet. I undertake to say,
further, that the reasons which have influenced
the construction of railroad bridges over the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers heretofore do not
prevail in this case. Therefore not only should
this amendment be ingrafted upon the bill but
the bill itself should be voted down.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
ask the gentleman a question. The gauge of
the Louisville and Nashville road is five feet.
Now does not the same difficulty which the gen-
tleman suggests in this case apply to the bridge
at Louisville ?
Mr. RAUM. No, sir. The gentleman from
Indiana has sufficiently answered that question.
That bridge is thrown across the Ohio river
where there is a natural obstruction. But there
is a distance of four hundred and fifty miles on
river with no obstruction. The old southern
system of railroads touching at Paducah will
never, I trust, be able to obstruct the navigation
of the river at that point, but that the Ohio
may be allowed to run to the sea without any
obstruction of this kind at that point.
Mr. COOK. I yield live minutes to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Mr. Speaker, I have
been astonished at the remarks of gentlemen
in opposition to the passage of this bill. When
gentlemen proclaim that there ought to be no
bridge across the Ohio at Paducah, because
they have one gauge of railroads in Kentucky
and another gauge in Illinois, why, it strikes me
that they lake a very limited view of the com-
mercial interests ol the country. My distin-
guished friend from Illinois [Mr. Baum] says
that this bridge ought not to be built; and he
proposes an amendment requiring a railroad
on the' Illinois side to be constructed down to
the river before the bridge shall be built. Now,
I ask what kind of improvements we would
have in this country if we did not have a com-
mencement? Kentucky has a town called Pa-
ducah, with over twelve thousand inhabitants.
Tue State of Illinois, on the opposile side of
the river, furnishes capital, and although you
have the men and the means, and you get rich
by your commercial intercourse with us, yet a
member from the opposite side of the river
says, "You shall not have a bridge, because
your railroad gauges are different from ours.
If you do not have gauges like ours you should
not ask for a bridge."
Why, sir, if the gauge is four feet eight and
a half inches in Illinois and five feet on the
Mobile road, do they not need a bridge, even
if they only run freight cars across alongside
of each other, to change the freight? And how
long do you suppose it will be before one or the
other would lay down three rails if the business
of the country demands it? But, even if they do
not do that, how much more con venientand how
much less it would cost to have the cars run
over the bridge alongside of each other and
change the freight there, instead of hauling it
down the bank and hauling it up on the other
side by horse power? The argument of the
gentleman will not hold water at all. Now,
as to obstruction to navigation, this would be
nothing like the obstruction they have at Louis-
ville. The water is still at Paducah, and this
is a high bridge. The bill provides that it
shall be fifty feet above high-water mark.
What further guarantee do you want against
obstruction ? I would not vote for a measure
to obstruct the Ohio river or any other navi-
gable river of the United States. It is true it
will be a little inconvenient to the steamboat
men ; but when we look at the great interest
ot the southern trade as well as the great com-
mercial interest of the whole country, we must
expect that one class of the community will have
to forego a convenience to accommodate an-
other. I say to Kentucky that we reach out our
hand to meet you with a bridge any where where
your capitalists propose to build it. We want
your trade. If we had had more intercourse
with the other side years ago we might have
saved many precious lives. If you wish to
build a bridge to reach over into the State of
Ohio, Indiana, or Illinois, that will bo no more
obstruction than I am satisfied this will be. I
will vote for it.
I hope that no gentleman upon this side of
the House will vote against this proposition
upon political grounds. The interests of the
