88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
imperial world when the stars and stripes had
to be lowered upon our own ships, but it was
a sickening sensation to an ximerican who loves
his country and his flag.
I beg to suggest one idea to this committee,
that the sooner they act upon this great ques-
tion, as it is now all afloat again in the nation,
and give direction by their combined talent and
action—and no abler committee exists in this
body—it will be hailed by those who have suf-
fered as I have described as an omen of a bet-
ter time and au omen of the reesta'olishment
of the power of our flag upon the sea. At this
moment particularly, when we are struggling
with the nations of the world to open new chan-
nels of commerce, when we stand three thou-
sand miles nearer the Indies than any other
Government from our geographical position, it
is due to the energy of our ship-builders and
navigators that they should have an intimation
at least that our flag is to be respected where
ever it goes, and that an insult to the flag will
be resented by the power of the nation.
No nation on earth is more careful of her
flag than is England, and the slightest insult
to her flag makes every Englishman's hair
stand on end. Sir, I honor that feeling of old
England, and an insult to our flag is as great
a wrong as is an insult to hers ; and while we
are iu the struggle for the mastery of the com-
merce of the seas, it should be avowed by this
Government that the flag shall be everywhere
respected, and if necessary the law of retalia-
tion, which the honorable Senator from Mary-
land will admit is one of the laws incident to
war and recognized in the code of nations,
shall be adopted. That is the doctrine I want
to stand upon.
The suffering people to whom I have re-
ferred have endured their sad condition long
enough. Not only have there been these injuries
to individuals, but there lias been open and
defiant insult to our flag. England issued her
proclamation of neutrality even before the
rebellion knew that it was born itself, and at
the same time gave birth to a flag that had no
waters to float on, and gave a national charac-
ter to ships that had no ports to resort to.
This is a thing which has made a deep and last-
ing impression upon the American mind. I
am for conquering them, as my friend from
Rhode Island is, by peace, but I am for having
them pay up to the starting point of this race
in peace, i have not quite floated into that
atmospfeere of political millennium that my
friend from Rhode Island has. I wish I could
see things as he sees them; but, sir, I see in
my vision the ocean yet illuminated by the
lurid light of our despoiled merchantmen. Let.
England pay these damages and then I will
start in the race of peace with her. Let her
pay the men who have been despoiled of their
property and make a national acknowledgment
to an insulted and injured flag and then I will
strike hands with England; then, as was said
by one of her most eloquent men here the
other night, let England and America strike
hauds in peace and they will be as resistless
as two united Niagaras; let them come to-
gether in arms and the clash would be as de-
structive as it is beautiful to anticipate their
influence in peace.
But, sir, a nation or a man never won favor
of an opponent by crouching and sitting down
under an injustice. While England would like
right well to see that policy pursued now,
because it would be good for her coffers, she
would always despise the nation that did it.
While England is bold, she is magnanimous too.
While she struck at our flag and was glad to see
it lowered because it was towering as high as
hers in the commercial world she would for-
ever despise her offspring if we submitted
tamely to an insult; and 1 inherit so much of
English feeling. I would uot do her a wrong,
nor shall she do us a wrong, so far as my action
goes.
The honorable Senator from Maryland says
we owe a great debt. So does she. She is no
more able to go to war than we are, and she
has no more desire for it. She has tested on [
two different occasions the prowess of American
arms, and we had our quit-claim written in her
best blood on the plains of Yorktown; and in
the war of 1812 she received another lesson
that taught her our power. God forbid that
there should be any recurrence of itl But I
insist upon it that this question should be set-
tled, and settled now. The course of conduct
this nation is to pursue should be marked out
by this great and leading Committee on For-
eign Relations. It will redound to their own
glory and to the glory of this nation and to a
wholesome settlement of the existing difficulty
and the prevention of future difficulties.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if I had not
heard any argument upon this resolution I
should not know what reason to assign for not
voting for it. How the character of Great Brit-
ain, or its Government, or its conduct during
the late rebellion is involved in (he considera-
tion of this resolution I do not understand;
and yet somehow or other it is the burden of
the debate which has thus far taken place upon
it. Nothing up to this point of time has been
said about the conduct of Abyssinia or of its
Government. There are two Kingdoms or
Powers referred to in the resolution, and what
it proposes is iu terms this, and no more than
this: to declare our determination to main-
tain a strict and impartial neutrality in the con-
test between the said contending parties," to
wit, the Government of Great Britain and the
king of Abyssinia, •'granting to the flag of
each belligerent the same rights, privileges,
and immunities, both upon land and water.'"
If we do any less than just what this resolu-
tion proposes what then will be the just con-
sequences? It is urged here that if we do
grant the same rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties to both, it will be a cause of war on the
part of Great Britain. Will it not be just as
much a cause of war on the part of Abyssinia ?
And if we are necessarily involved in a war
with one of these Powers for granting the same
privileges to both shall not we necessarily be
involved in war with both of them?
Nay, but, Mr. President, suppose we refuse
to pa§s this resolution, and grant privileges to
Abyssinia which we do not grant to Great
Britain, I suppose everybody will agree that
that would be a cause of war on the part of
Great Britain. Suppose we grant privileges to
Great Britain that we refuse to grant to Abys-
sinia is it any less cause for war on the part
of Abyssinia? Well, but why should we offer
a cause of war to one Power that we do uot
offer to the other? Manifestly for no reason
in the world that I can conceive except that
one may be stronger than the other.
Much has been said about the magnanimity
which becomes this great Republic. That is
not the sort of magnanimity that becomes any
republic or any Power, to offer an insult or an
injury to a weak Power that you would not to
a strong one.
If it be true that this measure is adopted as
a measure of retaliation upon Grijat Britain for
any wrong that she has committed upon our
rights heretofore, then I should hesitate about
going for it. As a measure of retaliation I do
not like it. Abyssinia is a kingdom—no doubt
about that; everybody agrees to that—governed
by a king. I believe they say he is a legiti-
mate. lineal descendant; I do not know whether
legitimate or not, but a lineal descendant from
Solomon and Sheba. His country is a king-
dom ; but after all it is not exactly the kingdom
that I should select for an ally if I were to
undertake to practice retaliation upon Great
Britain. It has a population I believe of about
three millions, I have no doubt very worthy
people; but the revenues of the kingdom are
limited. What is to be said of its prowess I
do not yet know. We shall know better before
this war with Great Britain is concluded. But
the revenues of the king, I think, are quite
restricted. They say he only gets about $300
a year. He is undoubtedly a very worthy gen-
tleman. It is said that he ekes out his salary
! asking by making umbrellas. Thatis becoming
i in a king who has not a revenue equal to his
state. After ail, I must repeat what I said
; before, that it is not exactly the Power I should
■ seek for an ally in the " mill" which my friend
from Michigan proposes to get up at the earliest
1 practicable period with Great Britain. So
that if this be really a measure of retaliation I
should not be inclined to go for it. I do not
look upon it in that light at all. I say Abys-
sinia is a kingdom. How can we refuse to do
precisely what this resolution says we shall do,
observe the same conduct toward the one that
we do toward the other; extend the same privi-
leges to one that we do to the other?
Air. President, what this resolution proposes,
if I understand it, bears no similitude to the
conductof which we complain in Great Britain.
We never complained of Great Britain because
she professed or observed neutrality between
ourselves and any other nationality on earth in
war. What we complained of was that while
we were a friendly Power so far as she was
concerned, ha*d treaties which we had faith-
fully observed with her, she raised the stand-
ard of neutrality (if that be not an Irish bull)
between us and a portion of our own citizens
in rebellion against us claiming the name of a
nation, but a name not conceded to them by
any Power on earth, either by ourselves or by
the Government of Great Britain, which pro-
fessed that neutrality. That is what we com-
plained of. We do not seek to constitute a
nation to fight Great Britain by this resolu-
tion. There are two nations ; we made neither
of them ; we do not seek to make either of
them ; we take tliem as we find them. Which
is the stronger I do not know, though I have
a pretty decided opinion on that point. We
do not propose to make one of them stronger
or weaker by this. Taking them as we find
them, if I understand the resolution, it pro-
poses simply to extend the same rights and
' privileges to each. Now if the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations or the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland can tell me why
we arenot compelled to do that independent
of the resolution I shall be glad to hear. Until
they do inform me upon that point I shall feel
bound to vote for the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I have moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on that motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the question will be
taken on my motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not aware that
there was any business to be done in executive
session.
THE CURRENCY QUESTION.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Indiana will withdraw his motion, I
desire to move that Senate bill No. 148 be made
the special order for Wednesday next at one
o'clock. I wish to occupy the attention of the
Senate for a short time on that bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I must object to making
the bill a special order. That matter was talked
of generally the other day, and I thonght it was
the decided opinion of the Senate that special
orders should not now be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will not
insist upon making it a special order, but will
simply move that the bill (S. No. i48) to raise
the value of legal-tender notes to par be post-
poned until Wednesday next at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain that motion by general consent.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I renew my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope that we shall not
adjourn just now. There are many nominations
