1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
pending in executive session, and I hope we
shall proceed to the consideration of.execu-
tive business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not understand
there was any executive business of conse-
quence , but if it is important to have an exec-
utive session of course I shall not insist on an
adjournment now. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs upon the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 9, 1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
m'kee vs. young.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House evidence in the contested
election case of McKee vs. Young; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections.
laws of dakota territory.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent.
Jaid before the House a copy of the laws of the
Territory of Dakota; which was referred to the
Committee'on the Territories.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of States and Territories for bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, not to be brought back
into the House by motions to reconsider. The
call will begin with the State of Maine.
john king robinson.
Mr. PERHAM presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Maine relat-
ing to the assassination of John King Robin-
son at Salt Lake City; which was referred to
the Committee on the Territories, an(^ ordered
to be printed.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. PERfLAM also presented a joint reso-
lution of the State of Maine in favor of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company; which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
manufactures.
Mr. PERHAM also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State of Maine
in relation to manufactures; which was referred
to the Committee on Manufactures, and ordered
to be printed.
defenses of maine.
Mr. PERHAM also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State of Maine
relating to the defensea of the State; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
decimal system of weights, etc.
Mr. PERHAM also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State of Maine
in relation to Moses B. Bliss's new decimal
system of weights and measures and currency,
together with an explanation of the system;
which was referred to the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures, and ordered to be
printed.
sympathy with the cretans.
Mr. PERHAM also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State of Maine
expressing sympathy with the Cretans in their
struggle for independence; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
state certificates of honor.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire, intro-
duced a joint resolution authorizing the trans-
it mission through the mails free of postage of
j certain certificates of the Legislature of New
Hampshire; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post-lioads.
david duiiigg.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill for the relief
of David Duhigg; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims;
amelia a. locke.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a bill for the relief
of Amelia A. Locke; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
perpetuation of testimony,
j Mr. FERRISS introducedabill to perpetuate
i; testimony in the courts of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
restoration of national banks.
; Mr. VAN WYCK introduced a joint reso-
i lution authorizing the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, with the approbation of the Secretary
; of the Treasury, in certain cases to revoke
jj the order appointing a receiver to take charge
! of any bank, and to restore said bank to the
owners thereof; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
j Banking and Currency.
post routes in new york.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill to estab-
lish certain post routes: which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
improvement of east river, etc.
Mr. BARNES introduced a joint resolution
for removing obstructions to navigation in East
river and Hell Gate, in the port of New York;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
government buildings, brooklyn.
Mr. BARNES also introduced a joint reso-
lution to provide Government buildings in the
city of Brooklyn, New York; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
library privileges.
Mr. WELKER introduced a joint resolu-
tion extending the privileges of the libraries
to the justices of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the joint
Committee on the Library.
j pension laws.
| Mr. WELKER also introduced a bill to
I amend the several acts relating to pensions;
! which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
islands in great miami river.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill in relation to islands in the Great Miami
river; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
railroad from washington to cincinnati.
Mr. EGGLESTON introduced a bill to
charter the Washington and Cincinnati Na-
tional Railroad Company; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
post route in ohio.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill to estab-
lish a post route from Copley to New Portage,
in Summit county, Ohio ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
samuel m'bride.
Mr. ARNELL introduced a biil for tlie relief
of Samuel McBride, a soldier of the war of
1812 ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
robert t. kirk patrick.
Mr. TRIMBLE introduced a bill authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to audit and pay the
claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, a loyal citi-
zen of Nashville, Tennessee ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to tho
Committee of Claims.
taxation of manufactures.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
bill to exempt from taxation all manufactured
goods where the product produced or manu-
factured shall not exceed $5,000 per annum,
except certain manufactured articles specified ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
robert m'creary.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill for the relief
of Robert McCreary ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
j: pay of assistant assessors, etc.
Mr. KERR also introduced a bill to regulate
the compensation of assistant assessors and
assistant collectors of internal revenue in cer-
, tain cases; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
j and Means.
amendment of pension laws.
ii Mr. HARDINGintroducedajointresolution
j to amend the pension laws; which was read a
i first and second time, and referred to the Com-
|, mittee on Invalid Pensions.
amelia parsons.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill granting a pen-
sion to Amelia Parsons, widow of Captain
Nathan Parsons, deceased ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
post routes.
Mr. COOK also introduced a bill to establish
certain post routes ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
rights of naturalized citizens.
Mr. COOK also introduced the following
joint resolution in relation to the rights of nat-
uralized citizens; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
&c., That whenever a person of foreign birth becomes
naturalized as a citizen of the United States, un-
der and in pursuance of the Constitution and laws
thereof, such citizen is absolved from all allegiance
to any foreign sovereignty; and thntit is the duty of
the Government of the United States to secure to each
naturalized citizen as full and adequate protection
against tho claim of any foreign State to his service
or duty as it affords to tho native-born citizens of tlie
United States.
canal and sewerage company.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill to in-
corporate the Georgetown and Washington
Canal and Sewer Company; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
withdrawal of government bonds.
Mr. BROMWELL introduced a joint reso-
lution authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to use $4,000,000 per month in greenbacks
to procure bonds and destroy the same; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
william ii. harner.
Mr. LOGAN introduced a joint resolution
reinstating William H. Harner, and allowing
him the same bounty as though he had not
been mustered out under order of June
1862; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
lonoevity ration.
Mr. LOGAN also introduced a joint resolu-
tion computing the time to which the longevity
ration extends in accordance with service rend-
ered as no u- com missioned officers or privates;
