1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the bill relative to revenue-cutter service the
following:
And it it hei eby provided. That the six steam rev-
Gnuoeutters t-tarionod upon the northern and north-
western lakes and their tributaries shall be laid up,
and that no more ot the money appropriated by this
act shall be paid on their account than so much as
may be necessary for their sate and proper care and
keeping.
Mr. DRIGGS. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment offered yesterday.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Churchill.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I was not
in the House yesterday when this amendment
was offered. I feel very much opposed to it,
and I am instructed by my constituents very
generally to oppose it. About a year or a year
and a half ago these cutters were launched
upon the lakes. Two of them were built at
ship-yards in the city where I reside when at
home; and I suppose it is admitted that six
finer craft do not sail upon the water anywhere,
either upon salt water or fresh. But it is said
that these vessels are not valuable for purposes
of revenue, that is, as detectives in the revenue
service. Mr. Chairman, I am not prepared to
admit this charge to the fullest extent. I know
the effect of having these vessels upon the
lakes, each one having to run a line of coast
of about, two hundred miles. I say that the
moral effect of these vessels, with their fine
armaments, has prevented more smuggling
than, perhaps, the cost of the whole. I do
not hesitate to say that the amount thus saved
by the prevention of depredations has ex-
ceeded the cost of that branch of the revenue
service.
But it is said that a smaller class of vessels
would better answer the purpose. Why, sir,
we have just displaced that smaller class of
vessels. We had little schooners there upon
the lakes for a series of years. Those little
schooners were sold out of the revenue service
and these six steamers were put in. But, in
addition to that, do the membets of this House
understand the importance of protecting that
long line of coast, eight hundred miles in length,
opposite the Cauadas, and where there is so
great an opportunity to commit depredations
upon the revenue? There is no part of the
United States that needs more vigilant guard-
ing than this. Besides, sir, that portion of the
country, having now a commerce and naviga-
tion almost equal ta that upon the salt water,
is entirely without any effective force of the
nation to protect it; and if any difficulty should
spring up suddenly between our Government
and Great Britain we have nothing to relyupon
but these six cutters, which would be somewhat
effective as war vessels, for each of them carries
two brass guns and a very line armament of
small arms. They are well managed, well con-
ducted ; they do honor to the nation; and they
would be effective in preventing encroach-
ments if a war or difficulty of any sort should
suddenly spring up between us and Great
Britain.
Now, sir, if I had been in the House when
this amendment was offered, I should at once
have raised a question of order upon it. I have
voted for these legislative interpolations in ap-
propriation bills on some occasions when I
thought it best to act with iny friend from Illi-
nois in cutting down expenses; but f have
resolved that hereafter I will not suffer any
such proposition to prevail in an appropriation
bill if my voice and opposition can prevent it.
I am told that I am not now in season to object
to this amendment ; that it has been considered
thus far in committee, and that it is too late
for me to raise the question that the amend-
ment proposes independent legislation. If the
Committee on Commerce will, upon mature
reflection, introduce a bill regulating this rev-
enue service upon the lakes, L shajl have no
objection to it. Perhaps some substitute may
be found for these steamers. But, sir, it will
not do to put them aside to be sold. These
vessels, that have cost the nation $150.Out),
ought not to be allowed to go into the hands
ot speculators for fifteen or twenty thousai-id
dollars, as I know is the purpose of some of
these men who are making objection to these
revenue cutters. I have no doubt, of it, sir. I
object, then, to this amendment prevailing,
which strikes these six revenue cutters from
our service.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I represent a district
which covers, perhaps, as much of this coast
as any other district represented upon the
lakes, and I have no hesitation in advising
this House to adopt the amendment of the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. SPALDING. I did not allude to any one
in this House when I spoke of persons contem-
plating the purchase of these cutters. I meant
outsiders.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. This does
not propose to sell any of them.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I am informed by
revenue officers in my district that these reve-
nue cutters are useless. During their entire
existence on the lakes they have never yet
made one seizure, and so wo are appropriating,
according to the statement of the gentleman
from New York, $105,000 for these cutters,
which do not accomplish any purpose whatso-
ever. Let us lay it up and use it in a more
efficient way of protecting the revenue. I
desire to say one word in reply to the gentle-
man from Maine, who served upon us the taunt
that we represented districts engaged in smug-
gling. Sir, 1 hurl such imputation back upon
any man from whomsoever it may come. I
stand here to represent the interests of the
Government on this subject, and I speak by
the authority of the Government officers on
that frontier when I say these cutters are use-
less for the purpose of protecting the revenue.
Mr. HULBUTID. Mr. Chairman, one of
these cutters is stationed on Lake Ontario, and
I know peisonally it has been useful in pre-
venting smuggling on the St. Lawrence river
and elsewheie. It patrols those waters in the
interest of the revenue. We have but just
adopted this system. Shall we change it, with
no cause for the change? There is an interest
there as great, as valuable, as the whole coast
trade on the Atlantic, and yet you strew revenue
cutters from the Gulf to the northernmost line
of Maine. Whether they make seizures or not,
you keep them up at a heavy expense. Here
is a lake line as long as that, and yet you
begrudge a single revenue cutter on Lake On-
tario. E have seen it noticed in the papers
that the Dominion of Canada will launch early
in the spring a whole fleet of gunboats. Those
may be said to be for the purpose of protecting
them from Fenian invasion from the States.
It is not improbable we will get into complica-
tion before the summer closes, and we should
have one steamer in commission capable of pro-
tecting the interests of the States. The expense
of the S. P. Chase, the revenue cutter on Lake
Ontario, is $-80,000, and she may save us ten
times that amount in one twenty-four hours.
If there are to be but two cutters, I insist the
one on Lake Ontario should be kept in commis-
sion and ready for service. If it is not I hope,
while we are at it, we will also blot out the
revenue service on the Atlantic coast, which is
as corrupt and as useless as that on the lakes
could be.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me ask
the gentleman whether we have not a war vessel I
now upon the lakes? i
Mr. HULBURD. We have a single old tug-
boat.
Mr. WASHBUItNE, of Illinois. That is
enough.
The committee divided on Mr. Churchill's
amendment, and there were—ayes 54, noes 41.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
amendment be adopted and we can have a vole
on it in the House.
Mr. SPALDING. Very well.
So the amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the construction of appraisors'stores at Phila-
delphia, 825,000.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend that by
inserting "$75,000" in place of "$25,000."
Mr. Chairman, I know the feeling which
exists among all of us of limiting, in view of
the immense expenditures of the Government,
the appropriations we are requested to make ;
but in asking this increase for the appraisers'
stores at Philadelphia, which is much more
than has been reported by the Committee- oil
Appropriations, I am convinced that I ajn
doing what is absolutely required for the ad-
vantageous continuation of the work. Under
the circumstances of this case I feel it to be a
duty to my constituents and the commercial
interests of the port of Philadelphia to urge
upon the Committee of the Whole the increase,
of this appropriation to $75,000. The esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury were
originally made in this way: $25,000 was the
amount asked for in the deficiency bill, and
$50,000 was to have been put into this bill.
Now, sir, I find under this general idea of
striking out or cutting down appropriations for
necessary purposes all over the country/ the
appropriation for this building, which is in an
unfinished state, has been reduced to one third
the sum actually required to go on with it
during this year. Although I feel, as I believe
most of the members of the committee feel,
that economy must be exercised, yet I do not
think it to be true economy to allow buildings
which have been commenced and partially
finished to go to ruin, simply because it is
alleged that the Government is too poor to
expend its money for its actual business neces-
sities. I believe in economy, not only in pub-
lic, but in private life. We shouldall practice it,
but I do not imagine this great Government
is to suffer by our increasing some of the appro-
priations which the Committtee on Appropri-
ations has cut down in the bill now before us.
I think the interests of trade and commerce,
the general business interests of the country,
have a claim upon the attention of this com-
mittee and this House and this Congress,
and I, for one, whenever I perceive that by
voting for an increase of appropriation it
will benefit these interests which we are called
upon to sustain, will not hesitate to offer such
an amendment, and call upon my fellow-mem-
bers to aid me in passing it. I hope for
favorable action upon it, as I have offered it
in good faith, believing it to be necessary, and
believing that the true interests of the Govern-
ment are involved in completing buildings of
this character.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to bear testimony to the zeal and
fidelity of my friend from Philadelphia [Mr.
O'Neill] to the interest of his constituents.
I give him this compliment so that he may have
the benefit of it at home. He has made an
effort to secure, and I hope it will secure, his
renomination and reelection, so that those of
us who come here in the next Congress will
have the pleasure of seeing him back again.
But I must say I think his zeal outruns his dis-
cretion. He has moved to amend this appro-
priation by striking out $25,000 and inserting
575,000. Why, sir, he goes far beyond what
the authorities of the Treasury Department
required. We appropriated $50,000 for this
purpose last year, and this year they asked for
$50,000^ more. The committee took up the
whole of these different estimates, went through
them very thoroughly, and determined that, in
the present state otthe lreasurv, it was impos-
sible for us to allow all the amounts that were
.-.sked for. So we cut down all these appro-
priations one half. There has been no objec-
tion to this thus far, and I was in hopes my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] would
not have disturbed the harmony which has
seemed to prevail among us on this subject.
Now. sir, we have dealt with Philadelphia
precisely as we have dealt with Portland, New
\ oik city, and St. Paul, and there is no reason
why we should make Philadelphia an exception
to the rule we have laid down and which the
committee have already passed upon. The
gentleman not only asks us to make an excep-
