2498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. MAYNARD. I^that a question of
privilege?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fr om Wis-
consin presents it aa a question of privilege,
under the rules and the usage of the House.
Mr. COVODE rose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question, and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia will suspend until the Chair decides the
question. The evident object of the language
ot this resolution is to charge that the letter
written by the Representatives from Missouri to
their Senator appears to be an indecent and cor-
rupt combination of the Representatives afore-
said, but without a direct charge to that effect.
In the opinion of the Chair it is not a corrupt
combination, and the Chair will state the rea-
sons for his opinion.
If the conversations and the interviews be-
tween members of the House and those repre-
senting the same State in the Senate in writing
are corrupt, then the same conversations in
regard to matters pending before the Senate
Bitting as a court orally are corrupt. 11' the
gentleman from Wisconsin had charged directly
that that was a corrupt combination, the Chair
would be disposed to submit the question to
the House for them to decide whether it is or
is not a question of privilege, aa the rules allow
him to do in doubtful cases, and he intends to
do it, even as the resolution reads. In the
opinion of the Chair it is not a corrupt combin-
ation. There does not appear on the face of
it anything corrupt in its character.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is the very inquiry
we desire to have made, so that the members
may be exculpated or convicted, as the facts
warrant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state,
although the resolution says " it appears " cor-
rupt, the gentleman does not charge directly,
oni his responsibility as a member, that the
writing of such a letter is corrupt.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the letter shows
the character.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine. The Chair will submit the ques-
tion to the House itself, whether this is or is
not a question of privilege, as the rule on page
154 of the Digest authorizes him thus to sub-
mit it.
Mr. BLAINE. Is it in order to move that
the resolution be not received?
The SPEAKER. Thefirstquestionis whether
it is a question of privilege. If the House
should decide that it is, then the rule to be
found on page 77 of the Digest would operate,
namely: Will the House now consider it? But
that question cannot be raised until the House
decides whether it is or is not a question of
privilege.
Mr, HOLMAN". I demand the yeas and
nays on the question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the reading
of the rule to which the Speaker referred.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule which authorizes the Speaker to submit the
questionto theHouse, on page 154 oftheDigest.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
And when a proposition is submitted which relates
to tho privileges of theHouse it his duty to entertain
it, at least to the extent of submitting the question
to the House as to whether or not it presents a ques-
tion of privilege."
Mr. BLAINE. A single question, if it is
in order. I do not know whether I under-
stood the resolution correctly. Does it charge
that there is an indecent and corrupt combina-
tion?
ihe SPEAKER. "It appears'" is the lan-
guage.
Mr. BLAINE. I suggest whether it is com-
petent for the gentleman to charge an inde-
cent and corrupt combination? It seems to
me it would be raising a question of privilege
upon himself.
Mr.ELDRIDGE. The gentleman will allow
me to take care of myself. I do not make the
charge any further than it appears in the let-
ter. And the gentleman cannot intimidate me.
either.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order to
ask the Speaker to restate the parliamentary
law, as was done a few moments ago?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the letter referred to does not on its face
show a corrupt combination. The fact that
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Loax,]
when the question was before the House yes-
terday, stated that the letter was written at the
request of the Senator himself, seems to ex-
clude the idea that it was corrupt in its char-
Mr'. ELDRIDGE. That must be properly a
part of the evidence.
The SPEAKER. It is a question for the
House to determine, it having been stated in
their presence.
Mr. VAN AUICEN. I would inquire
whether the Chair has a right to argue against
the question of its being a question of privi-
lege ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has a right,
under the rules, to speak upon questions of
order in preference to every other member—
in preference even to the member from Penn-
sylvania ; and he has the right to allude to what
has occurred in the presence of the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 understood the Chair
to state that yesterday a member from Missouri
stated that the letter was written at the request
of the Senator from Missouri. Now, of course
it is entirely proper for the Chair to make that
statement, but  
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated it as a
reason why he was of opinion that it did not
present a question of privilege, but will be
glad to hear the gentleman if he desires to
make a statement.
Mr. WOODWARD. ] wish to say that it
was also stated at the same time, in answer to
the statement of the gentleman from Missouri,
that when these gentlemen worried the Senator
from Missouri he asked them to put their names
to the letter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was willing
the gentleman from Pennsylvania should make
his statement, as his recollection seems to dif-
fer from that of the Chair as to what was said
in the House yesterday. It was said in the
presence of the whole House, and is on the
record of the House in the Daily Globe.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I wish the
question may be stated by the Chair whether
this is a question of the privileges of this House,
because that is the question upon which we are
to vote. We cannot vote whether it is a ques-
tion of privilege for the Senate, but whether it
is a question of the privileges of this House;
and 1 hope the Chair will so state the ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair held yester-
day, in ruling on the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] that the House had no power over the
privileges of the Senate, nor would the Senate
allow_ them to have any; nor have the Senate
any right to interfere with the privileges of the
House. But the gentleman from Wisconsin
has so drafted the resolution as to have it relate
to the privileges of the House. The question
is, Will the House entertain the resolution as
a question of privilege?
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 28, nays 82, not voting
79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bock, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chan-
ler, Lldndge, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grrover
llolman, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Mar-
shall. McCullough, Morgan, Niblack, Phelps, Pruyn
liobmson. Boss, Sitgrcaves, Stewart, Van Auken
Van lrump, and Woodward—-28.
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley.
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Beaman I
ijQAtty,Blaine, Blair, Boutwell.Broomall.Buckland' i
Butler, Cake, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Ooburn' <
Covode, Cullom, Egglcston, Iila, Eliot, Farnsworth' -
Jerriss, terry. Fields, Garfield, Halsey, Harding' i
Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester 0. Hubbard !
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelsey'
Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price,Raum, Sawyer
Scoheld. fehanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddous Ste- i
vons, Stokes, Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson. Burt Van i
Horn. Van Wyek, Ward, Blihu B. Washburne, Ilenry
I). Washburn, Welker, William Wiihauis, John X.
Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—S2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Ax tell, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham,Bromwell,Gary,Churchill,Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Itixon. Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggrs, Eckley, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Uris-
wold, Ilaight, Hawkins, Hill, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, llulburd, Kelley,
Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,Lincoln,
Loan, McCarthy, MeCIurg, McCoriniek, Mereur,
Miller, Moorhead. Morrell, Morris.-,ey, Mullins, Mun-
gen, Newcomb, Nicholson, Pile. Pomeroy, ltanda.ll,
Robertson, Sehenck, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith.
Spalding, Starkweather, Stone,Taber, Taffe, Taylor,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichcll, Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn. Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn. William B.Washburn, Thomas Williams, James
F. Wilson, Windom. Wood, and Woodbridge—79.
So the House refused to entertain the res-
olution as a question of privilege.
order oj? business.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Senate is now considering the concurrent
resolution in regard to a recess.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope we
shall proceed with the regular order of business
until we hear from the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a brief personal
explanation, not exceeding five minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Missouri the other day made an objection to
me, and he has now refused to have the same
subject come in as a privileged question, and
I shall object.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence after to-day was
granted to Mr. Stokes, Mr. Clakke of Kan-
sas, and to Mr. Logax.
recess o® congress.
Mr. WARD. I desire to inquire whether
it would be in order to introduce a resolution
recalling the concurrent resolution which was
sent to the Senate providing for a recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the time for reconsideration has expired. A
resolution can be reconsidered upon the same
or a succeeding day. The resolution can be
entertained only by unanimous consent.
Mr. WARD. Is not a resolution to recall
that resolution from the Senate in order?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if
the State of New York were called regularly
for reports ; but it can only be offered at the
present time by unanimous consent.
Mr. WARD. Then I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, and Mr.
PETERS objected.
impeachment op the president.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to give notice
that on the next assembling of the House I
shall move, as a question which has already
been ruled to be privileged by the Chair., to
withdraw the articles of impeachment, and
another resolution expunging the impeach-
ment proceedings from the Journal.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair will rule on
that question when it comes up.
Sir. ROBINSON. I only desire to give
notice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not fore-
closed by the statement of the gentleman that
he has settled the question.
re admission of southern states,
Mr. JONES. I ask consent of the Ilou«e
to record my vote upon the bill for the admis-
sion of Arkansas, and upon the bill for tin- ad-
mission of North Carolina, South Carolina,
and other States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Jon'Es.J
as he has stated to other members on manv
occasions, that the Chair cannot even ask unan-
imous consent forthat purpose. The object of
the gentleman can be attained only by suspend-
ing that rule entirely. The gentleman can state
now he would have voted, had he been present,
and his statement will be recorded in the Globe.
