1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2499
Mr. JONES. TJien I will state that, had I
been present when the bills to which I have '
referred were passed, I would have voted in
the negative.
leave of absence.
Mr. MUNGEN asked and obtained leave of
absence for an indefinite period after to-day.
Mr. ELA asked and obtained indefinite leave
of absence after to-day.
Mr. BOSS. In view of the onerous labors
of my colleague from the Galena district [Mr.
Washbubne J during the impeachment trial, P
move that he be granted leave of absence dur-
ing the coming summer to travel in Europe,
and that lxis expenses and mileage be paid the
game as they were last summer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it is not in accordance with usage for a mem-
ber to ask leave of absence for another mem-
ber, who is in his seat, except at his own re-
quest. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburxe] is present, and will doubtless
make the request for himself should he desire it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will at-
tend to my own affairs, and not call upon a
Knight of the Golden Circle to attend to mat-
ters for me.
Mr. ROSS. I hope my colleague will take
no offense. We all know that he was absent
from the country last summer, and as he has
had very onerous duties to perform of late I
thought it but proper to give him leave to
tramp for his health during the coming sum-
mer.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill
day, the first business during the morning hour,
which has now commenced, is the call of com-
mittees for reports of a private nature, com-
mencing with the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
No reports were made from that committee,
and the Committee on Private Land Claims
were called for reports.
LAND CLAIM NO. 45, NEW MEXICO.
Mr. ORTH, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported, with a recommenda-
tion that the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No.
1075) to authorize the adjudication of claim
No. 45 in the report of the surveyor general
of the Territory of New Mexico; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that it shall be lawful, at any
time within two years after the date of this act,
and not thereafter, for Jos6 Sutton, or any of
his assignees or legal representatives, to com-
mence proceedings against the United States
in the supreme court of the Territory of New
Mexico, lor the purpose of adjudicating the
title to the land specified and embraced in
claim No. 45 in the report of the surveyor
general of said Territory, and on the records
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
The second section provides that upon in-
stituting such proceedings notice of the pend-
ency thereof shall be given to and served upon
the district attorney of the United States for
said Territory at least thirty days prior to the
first day of the then ensuing term of said court;
and makes it the duty of said attorney to enter
bis appearance and defend the interests of the
United States in and to the land embraced in
said claim.
The third section provides that the court or
courts in which said case may be pending shall
be governed by the provisions of the treaty of
Guadeloupe Hidalgo, the laws of nations, so far
as applicable to the case, the laws, usages, and
custom of the Government from which it is
claimed that such title is derived, and by the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, so far as applicable; provided, how-
ever, that if the decision of the supreme court
of said Territory shall be adverse to the title
of such claimant or claimants he or they shall
have the right at any time within six months
after the rendition of such decision, and not
thereafter, to take an appeal from such decis-
ion to the Supreme Court of the United States;
and provided further, that if such decision shall
be adverse to the United States then it shall be
the duty of said district attorney, as soon as
thereafter practicable, to take an appeal from
such decision to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
The fourth section provides that if no such
suit be instituted within the time specified in
the first section of this act said claim shall be
presumed to have been abandoned, and said
lands shall be held and deemed public lands
belonging to the United States, to be surveyed
and sold as other lands; provided, however,
that if such proceeding be instituted and pros-
ecuted as herein provided, and the title to said
lands adjudged to be in such claimant or claim-
ants by the Supreme Court of the United States,
it shall then be the duty of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to cause said lands
to be surveyed and platted at the expense of
said claimant or claimants, conforming as near
as may be in such survey to the surveys of the
United States in said Territory; and said Com-
missioner, upon the return and tiling in his
office of such survey and plat, shall then issue
a patent therefor to such claimant or claimants.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, this claim is
one of a series of claims referred to the com-
mittee of which I am chairman, arising out of
our Mexican and Spanish grants and embraced
within the provisions of the treaty of Gauda-
loupe Hidalgo. The committee have examined
the claim and are not willing to recommend its
confirmation by Congress, although its confirm-
ation is recommended by the surveyor general
of the Territory of New Mexico. The commit-
tee find what they conceive to be a glaring defect
in the title, that is, that the grantee never took
possession of the grant as required by the col-
onization laws of Spain and Mexico. We there-
fore provide he shall be authorized at any time
within two years to file a claim in the United
States court in the Territory of Now Mexico for
adjudication of this claim ; we provide further-
more that the district attorney for the Territory
shall enter his appearance to guard the rights
of the United States in the premises. 11" decis-
ion is had in the case for the claimant or the
United States provision is made for appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States; and
when the Supreme Court of the United States
finally decide in favor of the claim, then the
Commissioner of the General Land Office is
authorized to issue a patent for it. I ask that
the bill be put on its passage, and demand the
previous-question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. ORTH moved that the accompanying
report be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
helen m. smith.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. K. No. 107G) for the relief
Helen M. Smith; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
quieting land titles in missouri.
Mr. WOODWARD, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back House
bill No. 237, to quiet doubts in relation to the
validity of titles to four tracts of land in the
State of Missouri, with a substitute.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it enacted. That the act of Congress entitled
"An act in regard to claims in land within the State
of Missouri and the Tc-iritory of Aikansas, and to
institute proceedings to try the validity of claims,"
approved May 26, 1884; and the act of Congress on-
titled "An act to provide for the adjustment of land
claims within the States of Missouri, Arkansas, and
ijouisiana, and in those parts of the States of Mis-
sissippi and Alabama south of the thirty-first degree
of north latitude, and between the Mississippi and
Perdido rivers," approved the 27th ot Juuo, 1841, be.
and the same are hereby, revived and extended for
a period of five years from the date of this%ct so far
as said acts relate to land claims within the State of
Missouri, and proceedings may be taken and carried
on under the provisions of said acts as to land within
the State of Missouri with the same effect and in the
same manner as if said acts had not expired by their
own limitation.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, forthein-
formation of members I will state that the House
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims a bill having reference to four Spanish
grants. The effect of that bill was to validate
the title of the heirs and legal representatives
of these Spanish grantees. The committee
have investigated the subject as fully as the
papers submitted to t"hem would enable the
committee, and are satisfied that the bill re-
ferred to them ought not to pass. They have
great doubts on the exhibition made whether
the legal representatives of these grantees
have any title whatever in the lands they claim :
but supposing they may have a title the com-
mittee are of the opinion the most they can
ask from Congress is the revival of certain
general statutes designed to give to all parties
an opportunity to come into the courts of the
United States and litigate their title. The bill,
therefore, which is laid upon the table, and
which I have reported by direction of the com-
mittee, has for its object the revival of two
statutes—one passed in 1834 and the other
passed in 1844—both of which have expired by
their own limitations. Our bill has for its ob-
ject the revival of these two statutes, in order
that these legal representatives and all other
parties may go into the Federal courts and test
their titles, if, indeed, they have any in point
of fact. The report fully explains the ground
upon which the committee has proceeded.
Mr. JOHNSON. Where is the land located?
Mr. WOODWARD. In the State of Mis-
souri.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
ami passed.
Mr. WOODWARD moved that the accom-
panying report be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dennis m'cann.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Claims, reported that
in the matter of the claim of Dennis McCann,
based upon the charter of the United States,
of the bark Charles Warner, the proper De-
partment of the Government should be charged
with its proper settlement, and that the papers
and vouchers received from the War Depart-
ment be returned to said Department, and that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
The report was adopted, and it was ordered
accordingly.
eotam d. allen.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. 1 ask unani-
mous consent from the Committee on Military
Affairs to report a bill for the relief of Edward
B. Allen. It merely pays hi in the full amount
of pay and emoluments of" a captain of in-
fantry from the 18th of August, 1802, to 1st of
November, 1862.
Mr. ROSS. That had better be investigated
a little further, and I object.
charles e. capeiiakt.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move, by unanimous
consent, to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 473, for the relief of Charles E.
Capehart. It has been considered by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
