THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
letter of dismission is against the Constitution
and the law, and has no legal effect whatever.
Stanton was at its date in fact in possession of
the office and performing its duties, and has so
continued to the present time, and on this
theory of the prosecution there has been no
removal of him in fact or in law. And if that
theory be unsound, and the President have the
power by the Constitution to remove liim, and
the act of Congress proposing to restrict that
power is consequently void, his removal was
and is de jure valid. In one aspect there is a
removal proper and constitutional; in the other
there is no removal of Mr. Stanton.
But these are the great questions in the case?
Is" the first section of the civil-office-tenure
act in conflict with the Constitution, void, and
of no effect ? Does that section cover the
case of the removal of Mr. Stanton ? Did the
President, in writing the letter of removal from
office to Mr. Sta-nton, and the letter to General
Thomas, directing him to take charge of the
office ad interim, willfully and with criminal
intent violate the civil-office-tenure bill ? These
propositions comprehend the substance matter
of the first eight articles.
The first section of that act is in these words:
"That every person holding any civil office to
which he shall have beenappointed by and with the
^dvice and consent of the Senate, and every peison
who shall hereafter be appointed to any suc^i office,
and shall become duly qualified to act therein, is, and
shall be cntitledto hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as hereinafter provided: Provided.
That the Secretary of State, of theTreasury, of War,
of the Kavy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster
General and the Attorney General shall hold their
offices respectively for and during the terra of the
President by whom they may have been appointed,
and for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
The Constitution creates a Congress in which
it vests all the legislative power of the Govern-
ment of the United States; a President in
whom it vests all the executive power, and a
Supreme Court, and authorizes inferior courts
to be established by Congress, in which it vests
all the judicial power—except that it provides
that the Senate shall constitute a court of im-
peachment, with jurisdiction to try all civil
officers whor might be impeached by the House of
Representatives, and to adjudge amotion from
and disqualification to hold office. Neither
department can rightfully, or without usurpa-
tion exercise any powers which the Constitu-
tion has vested in either of the other depart-
ments. Congress has the power, and is bound
in duty to pass all laws necessary and proper
to enable the President to execute the powers
intrusted to him by the Constitution, and with-
out which legislation there are many he could
not execute, but it cannot confer on. him any
additional power, nor can it divest him of any.
He forms a separate and coordinate depart-
ment of the Government with Congress as
another, and the courts as the third, and each
derive all their powers from the Constitution
alone. Neither is subordinate to the others,
though the powers vested in Congress are the
most various, extensive, vigorous, and popu
lar, and necessarily it is the most aggressive
and effective in its aggressions upon the other
departments; the judiciary, is the least so,
though the inevitable tendency of all power,
however lodged, is to augment itself.
The power of appointment to office exists
necessarily in all Governments, and is of an
executive nature ; and if the Constitution had
contained no particular provision on this subject
its language, " the executive power shall be
vested in a President of the United States of
America," would have imported the power of
appointing to office, and by implication would
have vested it wholly in the President. But
the effect of this general language is qualified
by a special provision:
" And he [the President] shall nominate, and by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate shall ap-
point, embassadors," &c.
This is restrictive and exceptional of the gen-
eral power of appointment, previously by im-
plication conferred on the President, and has
no other operation thau what is expressed in
its words, and they beingexceptional noiinplied
power results from them against- the general
grant of power from which they make an excep-
tion. But the power of removal from office
also, as necessarily as the power of appoint-
ment, exists in all Governments, and is no less
an executive power. It is located somewhere
in the Government of the United States, but
being an executive power it cannot be in Con-
gress, for legislative powers only are vested in
that body. It is not established, or vested by
any express or special provision of the Consti-
tution, but is by the general language:
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of tho United States of America."
The Constitution leaves the power of re-
movalju&t as this general provision vests it, with
the President alone. The power of Congress
to make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution its enumer-
ated powers, and all other powers vested by the
Constitution in the Government of the United
States, or any department or officer thereof, is
purely a legislative power; and gives no au-
thority to assume or interfere with any powers
of the President, or the judicial department.
Instead of being a power to assail them, its
legitimate and literal office is to uphold their
powers and to give facilities in their execution.
That, or any other provision of the Constitu-
tion gives to Congress no warrant or pretext to
interfere with the executive power of removal
from office, vested by the Constitution in the
President alone.
The power of removal and the power of
appointment to office, though both executive,
are iu their nature distinct and independent of
each other. One, the power of appointment,
was treated specially and separately from the
other in the Constitution, it associating the
Senate with tho President in its exercise. But
for this particular regulation of the power of
appointment, it is most probable that no
question as to the other distinct power of re-
moval from office would ever have been
made ; and that all would have silently con-
ceded that both powers being executive in
their character, and all the executive power
of the Government having been vested by the
Constitution in the President, they properly
appertained to him alone, and he would never
have been challenged in the sole and exclusive
exercise of either. But however that may be,
the truth of this proposition cannot be suc-
cessfully controverted: the provision of the
Constitution associating the Senate with the
President in the power of appointment, does
not invest it with the same, or any connection
with the power of removal: or authorize Con-
gress to pass the civil-office-tenure act, or any
other act that would impair the President's
sole power and right to exercise it.
But the whole subject of the power of re-
moval from office came up for consideration
in the First Congress, on the organization of
the Department of Foreign Affairs, in 1789,
and elicited a debate of great ability among
the ablest men of the body, many of whom
had been members of the Convention which
framed the Constitution. Congress was much
divided on the subject, but a majority of both
Houses sustained the position that the Consti-
tution conferred on the President the power
to remove from office, and the contending par-
ties made a compromise, by which the act or-
| ganizing the Department recognized the power
| of the President to remove the head of this
; Department, in this language:
j "The chief clerk, whenever tho principal officer
\ shall he removed irom office by the President of tho
; United States, or in any other case of vacancy,shaii,
■ during such vacuney, have the eharfjc and custody
| of all records, books, and papers appertaining to the
said Department."
The supporters of the exclusive power of
the President were opposed to any language
being used in the act that seemed to confer
this power on the President, and its opponents
accepted language that conceded and recog-
nized the President's power of removal with-
out expressly deducing it from the Constitu-
tion.
_The .act establishing.the Department of War,
wjt}i a provision in the same language recog-
nizing.the power of the President to remove
the'Secretary, was passed at a subaequent day
of the same session, with but little and no
serious opposition..
Both those acts formally admit the sole power
of the President to remove the heads of the
respective Departments, but neither of them
contains any language to cpnfer that power on
the President. The supporters of the princi-
ple that the Constitution vested it solely iu
him rejected from the bill organizing the
Department of Foreign Affairs all language
that seemed to confer it upon the President,
and claimed and determined to maintain it as
one of his powers solely from the Constitution ;
and the opponents of this principle, being wilt-
ing to concede the power to the President, if
the acts did not expressly state the power to 1>e
conferred on him by the Constitution, they
were passed in tbeiij existing form, recognizing
it as a presidential power to remove both Sec-
retaries. The acts were not intended to confer
this power on the President; they have no
language whatever to that effect, yet they con-
cede that he possessed it; and he could aerhe
it only from the Constitution. This was as
certain an assertion and establishment of the
sole constitutional power of the President to
remove from office, as if it had been expressed
in the most direct terms; and no attempt has
ever, before the passage of the civil-office-
tenure bill, been made in Congress to disturb
this question as thus settled.
From that time, every President has claimed
and exercised the sole power of removal at
all times as an executive power conferred by
the Constitution. The great commentators on
it, Kent, Story, and llawle, have treated this
power as belonging to the President alone by
the provisions and effect of the Constitution
itself, settled by the acts of Congress of 1789,
the uniform and unchallenged practice of the
Government, and the general acquiescence of
the country. The Supreme Court has repeat-
edly, and without doubt or hesitation, recog-
nized it as an established constitutional prin-
ciple ; and Chief Justice Marshall many times,
in his opinions, refers to it, as he does to the
other and unquestioned powers of the Presi-
dent. Hamilton and Madison were amon^ its
great authors and firm defenders; it was con-
ceded to be a settled principle by Clay, Cal-
houn, Benton, Wright, Clayton, and all the
statesmen of America down to the passage of
the civil rights bill: and Mr. Webster main-
tained, adhered to it, and advocated its exer-
cise, while the Senate was in session and at
all times, as Secretary of State under Presi-
dent Tyler. No attempt had ever before been
made to arrest or qualify its unconditional ex-
ercise by tho President, a.s well when the Sen-
ate was iu session as when it was not. The
reason of America, guided by principle, au-
thority, and experience, was unwilling to
divest, unsettle, or change this presidential
power by act of Congress or alteration of the
Constitution because of being satisfied that it
was essentially of the nature of an executive
power and absolutely necessary to enable the
President to perforin his greatest duty, to see
that the laws be faithfully executed. If a con-
troverted constitutional question can ever be
settled, the power of the President to remove
from office at his own will has been beyond
further legitimate question.
The sixth section of the civil-office-tenu.e
act before quoted declares that—
"Every removal, appointment, or employment,
made, had, or exercised contrary to the provisions
of this ace, and tho making, signing, sealing, or
eounterMfmin? of any commission or letter nt au-
thority lor or in respect to any such appointment or
employment, shall be deemed, and arc heicby de-
cl.ued to be, high misdemeanors," &e.
But, if the Constitution invests thePresident
with the sole and exclusive power to remove
all the officers referred to in said act, his exor-
cise of that power at all times is legitimate and
makes a vacancy in the office, which his duty
requires him to fill according to the Constitu-
