1868.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
tion, but he asks, us to give Philadelphia
$25,000 more than the Department says is
necessary in the estimate for an appropriation
to finish this building.
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. One word
on this question. Some few years ago Congress
agreed to appropriate the money for this build-
ing. It was upon the foundation of the old
Pennsylvania bank, a very solid work. There
was great need for appraisers' stores. We
were paying, as we are now paying, to General
Patterson §6,000 a year rent for these stores.
About ninety thousand dollars will complete
this work and save us all that money. It is one
of the most solid structures in the city of Phil-
adelphia or elsewhere. A friend of mine who
had a store adjoining it, offered to sell it for
much less. It was fully examined by the super-
vising architect, and although he said the ex-
pense would be much- less, yet he advised the
completion of this building as being more
enduring, and as being more likely to carry
out the objects of the Government. So the
sooner it is done the sooner we shall be rid of
paying to a neighbor in the city—a very clever
man, General Patterson—$6,000 a year for the
appraisers' rooms alone. For that reason,
deeming it economical, wishing to be econom-
ical, and knowing that before the summer is
over, unless this appropriation be made, there
will have to be a suspension of labor and a loss
of time, I feel myself constrained to vote for
the amendment of my colleague.
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw my amendment
and move to make the amount §74,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, let me say, in reply to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbcrne,]
that I, as one member of this House, always
feel myself privileged when I am able to vote
with him—that event occurs so seldom. I be-
lieve his course here is satisfactory to himself,
but when he talks to me, even in jest, about
securing a renomination I tell him the people
whom I represent do not look at an expense
of a few thousand dollars when it is necessary.
I despise that kind of personal or political con-
sideration to which he refers, and seek only to
do right; and if we are here to be governed by
such motives as I must now believe govern my
friend from Illinois in some respects, I think
the members of this Congress had better be at
their homes and attending to something else
ratherthan the business of conducting the Gov-
ernment and suffering the uncompleted build-
ings necessary for trade to go to destruction
upon the mere cry of economy.
If I had followed the advice of my colleague,
[Mr. Stevens,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, I would have inserted
in this amendment the full amount required to
complete this building, which has long been
wanted in the great commercial city of Phila-
delphia.. We have been renting stores from
private individuals at high rents, while this lot
lias remained unbuilt upon for ten or fifteen
years, to the actual loss of the Government of
ten or twelve thousand dollars a year. And
now, when we come here and ask Congress to
build an appraiser's store, a plain brick build-
ing, to cost $180,000, my friend from Illinois
desires to cut down the appropriation asked by
the Secretary of the Treasury, which is only a
sufficient amount to carry on the work this
spring and summer, and we are met by him with
the objection that we are spending too much
money.
I repeat, again, the first requisition made by
the Secretary of the Treasury was for $25,000,
to be put in the deficiency bill, and then, in
addition, he asked that $50,000 should be ap-
propriated to carry on the work until the meet-
ing of the next session of Congress, when, I
presume, he will ask for the few thousand dol-
lars necessary to finish the building. I hope
the committee will sustain my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have only
one word to say. It may be a very small matter
to the constituents of the gentleman, represent-
ing, as he does, one of the wealthiest districts,
I believe, in the country, whether we vote mil-
lions or thousands of dollars; but, sir, to my
I
constituents and to the constituents of other
gentlemen who are not fortunate enough to
represent an aristocratic city district it is a
matter of some importance. When the people
are oppressed with taxes, when labor is de-
pressed, when a voice is coming up to us from
every source demanding that we shall retrench
expenditures, I, for one, deem it my duty to
heed that voice. Now, sir, there seems to be
a discrepancy between my friend from Phila-
delphia [Mr. O'Neill] and my friend from the
Lancaster district, [Mr. Stevens.] The gen-
tleman from Philadelphia asks that we shall
give $75,000 ; the Department only asks for
$50,000; and my friend from Lancaster, who
seems to be familiar with this matter, says that
$90,000 would be sufficient to complete the
building. Fifty thousand dollars was"appropri-
ated, and $50,000 more is asked for, which
would be $10,000 more than my friend from
the Lancaster district says is necessary. Now,
I undertake to say that there is no necessity
for this appropriation. I regret that a great
many of these appropriations were made at
the last Congress; 1 regret that we did not
hold the strings more firmly in the last Con-
gress, and not go forward in inaugurating these
new works; but, as wo had done so and as the
works had commenced, the Committee on Ap-
propriations thought it was proper enough to
let the work go on slowly during the present
year, and next.year appropriate enough more
to finish the building. I trust the gentleman
from Philadelphia will be satisfied and let the
appropriation go through as it is.
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment and move to amend the
amendment so as to make the sum $7-1,500.
Now, I do not wish to detain the committee
much longer on this point, although it is one
in which I feel greatly interested. There is a
local interest as well as a national interest in-
volved in many matters that come before us.
We are here to do our duty first to our coun-
try, and then we ought to be permitted to urge
matters of local importance to our constitu-
ents, especially such as afford conveniences
to the trade and commerce in which they are
engaged.
While I have no doubt the citizens of the
district represented by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washmjuxe] feel the burdens of
taxation, they feel them no more, perhaps,
than those whom I represent. The people of
the city of Philadelphia, like the people of all
our districts, contribute to pay our taxes, and
are willing to do so; but at the same time
they expect Congress to show some regard for
their particular wants in legislation, and we
are always commended by them when they see
us making proper appropriations to the Gov-
ernment for the facilities necessary to collect
its customs and thus increase its revenue.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. O'Neill,] and to
say to the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, [Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,] and
to the Committee of the Whole that there are
times when liberality is genuine economy, and
this is just one of those cases. Under an Ad-
ministration prior to ISfiOthe land on which this
building is being erected was purchased for the
purpose of such stores. We have been losing
the interest on the amount of that purchase
money during the whole of that time ; and have
also been paying from six to ten thousand dol- I
lars rent each year for private buildings for the ;
purpose for which this was contemplated. By |
means of the appropriations already made there 1
is erecting on that land, thus long held by the
Government, a plain, substantial brick ware-
house. And when it is so far advanced that we
can occupy it we will escape from the rent which
we are now paying, ranging from six to ten thou-
sand dollars a year, for the Patterson block;
while if we let the. building remain unfinished
we will be paying that rent and also losing the
interest on our investment. I hope, therefore,
that the amount necessary to complete this
building will be appropriated; let $75,000 be
appropriated, and let there be a clause added,
"or so much thereof as may be necessary to
its completion." I do not want one dollar of
extra money for this purpose. But it will cost
the Government this year at least $15,000 for
reut of stores and loss of interest oil money
invested if we withhold the small ajnount
necessary to complete this plain, substantial,
but adequate warehouse.
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. O'Neill, to strike out " $25,000" and
insert "$75,000" for the construction of
appraisers' stores at Philadelphia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
$25,000 more than the Department asked for.
Mr. O'NEILL. That is not so, Mr. Chair-
man.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and, upon a division, there were—ayes
50, noes 40.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. O'Neill and
Mr. Ketcham were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 60, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAUM. I move to amend this bill by
inserting, immediately after the pending para-
graph, the following:
For tlie construction of a custom-house and post-
office, already begun, at Cairo, Illinois, £50,000.
I hope the Committee of the Whole will
adopt this amendment. The custom-house and
post office building at Cairo is now in the
course of construction, and it will cost some-
thing like one hundred thousand dollars to
complete the building.
The Committee on Appropriations fail to
provide any means by this bill to continue the
work on this building for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1869. My colleague [Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois,] informs me that it is pro-
posed to appropriate a small sum in the defi-
ciency bill to continue the work during the
remainder of the current fiscal year. Now, I
insist that this building having been well be-
gun, and being now in process of construction,
and being a necessary work which has been
ordered by Congress, it would not be right
to suspend operations upon it in midsummer.
Therefore some provision should be made in
this appropriation bill for continuing the work
upon it during the next fiscal year. I trust the
amendment I have offered will be adopted by
this committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I do not know what the Committee of the
Whole may determine to do on this question.
It has already appropriated for. building some
appraisers' stores in Philadelphia $25,000 mora
than was asked in the estimate of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Now, here is a work for my
own State, in which I feel a great deal of inter-
estandpride. But my colleague [Mr. Raum] is
entirely mistaken in presenting his amendment
he has offered it to the wrong bill. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury does not ask the appropria-
tion of anything additional in this bill for this
work. He does ask, as my colleague will find by-
referring to the estimates, an appropriation of
$50,000 in a deficiency bill, which has not been
passed upon by the Committee on Appropria-
tions or by the House. In the estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury for additional
appropriations required to complete the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868,
and previous years, will be found an estimate
" forerectinga custom-house at Cairo, Illinois,
$50,000." But my friend who represents that
district with so much vigilance, fidelity, and
zeal, does not seem to be satisfied with the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who desires this appropriation to bo put
in a deficiency bill. My colleague proposes
that we shall make provision for an expendi-
ture for this object in the next fiscal year. I
think my colleague is standing entirely in his
own light in asking the appropriation in this
