92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Decemb'er 9,
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Let the resolution
be again read.
I'lie resolution was again read.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
16, noes 69; not one fifth of those present.
Mr. ELIOT demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eliot and
Mr. Brooks were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty; more than one fifth of
those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 71, not voting 5"2;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson. Archer, Arnell,
Delos K. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Bea-
man, Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer. Brooks, Broomail,
Churchill, Cobb, Cook, Dixon, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Gravely, Haight,
Holman, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Julian, Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, Loughridge, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg,
Mercur, Moorhend, Newcornb, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Polsley, Robertson,Sawyer, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stewart, Thomas. Trowbridge, Upson, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburnc, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, and
Stephen F. Wilson—tit.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Barnes, Barnum, Benjamin, Benton, Brotn-
well, Buckland, Burr, Butler, Cary, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cuilom, Dodge,
Driggs, Eldridge, Ferriss, Golladay, Grovcr, Hamil-
ton, Harding, Hawkins, Hill, lligby, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Asahel W. Huobard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Irigersoll, Jenckes, Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey,
Knott, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lynch,
Mallory, Maynard, Morgan, Mullins, Mungen,
Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Peters, Pruyn, Robinson, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes, Taber, Van Aernam, Van Aukeu, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Trump, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, John T. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and
Woodward—71. '•
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beck, Blaine, Blair, Cake, j
Chanlor, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Donnelly, Eggle-
ston, Ela, Finney. Fox, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Hal- |
sey, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Kitchen, Lin- i
coin, Marshall, MoCullough, Miller-Moore, Morrell,
Morrissey, Phelps, Pile, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, I
Randall, Raum, Ross, Schcnck. Scofield, Selye, I
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Thaddeus Stevens, !
Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Trimble, Twichell, Burt Van !
Horn. Van Wyck, Ward, James F. Wilson, and
W indom—52.
So the resolution was rejected.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
had expired.
mexican affa1iis.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House, a report from the Secretary
of State in regard to alleged bodies of men
organized in the United States for the purpose
of avenging the death of the Archduke Maxi-
milian, &c.; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
president's message.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration.of the following
resolutions, submitted by Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania :
Resolved, That so much of the annual message of
tho President of the United States to the two Houses
of Congress at the present session, together with the
accompanying documents, as relates to the finances,
to tho receipts into the Treasury, and the public
expenditures, to the revision of the revenue, to the
public debt, and the ways and means of supporting
and meeting all the public liabilities of the Govern-
tnent, be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Hesolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to carrying on tho sev-
eral Departments of tho Government, to the necessary
appropriations therefor, to doficiencios in the appro-
priations, and to mail transportation by ocean stoam-
crs, be referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Resolved, That so mneh of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to banks and banking
and currency be referred to theCommittee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
pany ing documents as relates to commerce be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public domain
be rolerred to tho Committee on Public Lands.
heiolved. That bo ifrueh of said message and aecom-
punying documents as relates to the Post Offico De-
partment be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
h "solved. That so much of laid message and neeom-
| panying documents as relates to the reestablishment
I of courts in districts where their authority has been
j interrupted, and to all judicial proceedings, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public expend-
itures be referred to the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to agriculture and to
the Department of Agriculture be referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the management
of Indian affairs be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Army of the
United States, to provisions for a peace establish-
ment, and to coast and lake defenses, be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Navy of the
United States be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying correspondence, be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Teriitories of
the United States be referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to pensions and the
Pension Bureau be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to tho expenditures in
conn ection with the State Department be referred to
the Committee on Expenditures in the State Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in
connection with the Treasury Department be referred
to the Committee on Expenditures in the Treasury
Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with the War Department be referred to the
Committee on Expenditures in tho War Department.
Resolved, Thatso much ofsaidmessageandaccom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with the Navy Department be referred to the
Committee on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with the Post Office Department be referred
to tho Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office
Department.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the militia be referred ,
to the Committee on the Militia. '
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Pacific railroad
be referred to the Committee on thePacifio Railroad.
Resolved, Thatso much of said messageand accom-
panying documents as relates to roads and canals be
referred to tho Committee on Roads and Canals.
Resolved, That souiuchof said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the District of Co-
lumbia be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the subject of recon-
struction be referred to a select Committee of nine
on Reconstruction.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the subjcct of freed-
mcn and freedmen's affairs be referred to the Com-
mittee on Freedmen's Affairs.
Resolved, That somuch of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to ^he subject of the
Atlantic telegraph be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the coinage and
weights and measures of the United States be re-
ferred to the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. There are some ten or fif-
teen resolutions?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I shall ask for a
division.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask leave to offer an
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER. I submit the following
amendment:
Resolved, That so muoh of the President's message
as calls attention of Congress to the payment of
money under treaty with Russia be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the previous question
will not be seconded. That jiart of the mes-
sage ought to go to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
drew the demand for the previous question, and
the reason I did so was to allow the amend-
ment to be made referring this subject to the
\ appropriate cqmmittee, the Committee on
Appropriations, so that committee should re-
port the appropriation if any at all shall bo
reported. I see no propriety in the reference
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Appro-
priations is created for the purpose of consid-
ering appropriations for carrying on the several
departments of the Government, but appropri-
ations to execute treaties arc excluded from
the general reference to them. Their business
is with reference to the current expenditures
of the Government. Appropriations for the
execution of treaties are excluded from the
business of that committee except it be by a
special order. Now there may be cases where
it would be appropriate that a question of this
kind should go to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, as, for instance, in regard to the exe-
cution of a postal treaty, or something of that
kind. But this is a question exclusively relat-
ing to the foreign affairs of the country, and
belongs therefore to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and not to any other. It is excluded
from the business of the Committee on Appro-
priations by the language of the rule, unless
there is a special reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have the gentleman point out the rule
which prevents the Committee on Appropria-
tions from taking jurisdiction of this subject.
Mr. BANKS. I do not say that by the
special order of the House they may not have
jurisdiction of it. What I say is the Commit-
tee on Appropriations is organized for the pur-
pose of considering appropriations relating to
the current expenditures of the different depart-
ments of the Government, and not matters of
this nature. •
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I take issue
with the gentleman as to the scope of the juris-
diction of the Committee on Appropriations.
I contend they have jurisdiction of this whole
question of appropriations, and there is no sub-
ject which should more appropriately go to
that committee than this demand upon the
people to'pay $7,500,000 for a piece of worth-
less territory. It is the Committee on Appro-
priations that passes upon these things. The
House has made the committee for that pur-
pose, and to take this matter away from it
would be to ignore what the House has intended
the committee should act upon. I yield to the
gentleman who offered the amendment, who
desires to say a word.
Mr. BU1LER. I was led to offer this reso-
lution because I wanted in the beginning to
assert the privileges of this House, to wit:
that we shall have the right to say what of the
people's money shall be appropriated, how it
shall be appropriated, and for what object,
without the intervention of any other depart-
ment of the Government binding us. There-
fore, these appropriations of money asked for
by the President should take the course that
every other appropriation does; for if we send
this to the Committee on Foreign Affairs we
admit tacitly that we are bound by the action
of the Executive and the Senate whenever
they appropriate any amount of money.
Mr. BANKS. If my colleague will allow
me, the effect of his motion is exactly the
opposite of what he seeks. If this is referred
to the Committee on Appropriations it treats
the purchase as a completed and absolute
thing. If it is referred to the Cfttnmittee on
Foreign Affairs it leaves the wliole question
open for the consideration of the House.
Mr. BUTLER. I am sorry to take issue
with my colleague on this question. Every-
thing that relates to the treaty is excluded from
the resolution, which reads :
"So much of the President's message as calls the
attention of Congress to the payment of money under
treaty with Russia."
The rest of the message about Russia I have
not asked the House to interfere with ; let it
