1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
bill. I think it ought not to be put in this
bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by adding •' one dollar." I
hope the amendment offered by my colleague
will be adopted. Some years ago an appro-
priation was made for building a court-house
and post office at Cairo, Illinois. For some
reason or other—I know not what—the work
was for a long time never commenced ; the
appropriation lay in the Treasury without be-
ing used. Something more than a year ago
the Secretary of the Treasury was induced to
commence that building. It has been com-
menced ; but only the $50,000 appropriated
some years ago has been expended. And it
is certain that the amount which the Secretary
of the Treasury asks shall be appropriated in
a deficiency bill is not going to complete the
building, if it is to be a good one—such a one
as was erected in Galena some years ago for
similar purposes. I hope we shall appropri-
ate $50,000, to be expended in the next fiscal
year, that the building may be completed.
It is not my purpose to eulogize Cairo, but
every one knows that there is a great deal of
business done there. It is a great distributing
point. The rental that has been paid for a
post-office building since an office was estab-
lished there would have paid by this time for
the erection of a building. A United States
court, I am satisfied, will be held theie in a
short time. The rental of buildings in our
cities for post offices and courts is much more
expensive to the Government than the erec-
tion of buildingsforthese purposes. I hope that
in our desire to economize public expenditures
we shall not overlook the public necessities.
If this building at Cairo had not been already
begun I would not urge its commencement at
this time; but as it has been commenced I see
110 economy in withholding the appropriations
necessary to complete it. We must either com-
plete it or lose all the money that has already
been appropriated for the construction of the
building.
Mr. liAUM. Mr. Chairman, I desire to add
that before the commencement of the work on
this building a very fine piece of property upon
which to erect it was donated to the Govern-
ment. That property alone is worth $10,000.
The building is now in course of construction.
It is true that the work lias been suspended
during the winter months, but there is a very
large amount of material on the ground. I
was there a very few days before coming on to
Washington city, and I know that the whole
of the lumber, and a very considerable pro-
portion, if not all, of the brick are now on the
ground in readiness to have the work pushed
forward. I have, on two or three different
occasions, had interviews with the supervising
architect in reference to this subject, and while
it may not be in very good taste to state to the
House what occurred at those interviews, yet
1 feel authorized to say that $100,000 is sup-
posed to be sufficient, or about sufficient, to
finish this building. Now, then, sir, after the
sum of $25,000 has been appropriated in the
deficiency bill to let that work drag along until
the 30th of June, 1868, and then to suspend
the work during the rest of this year and during
the year 3809, would, it seems, be bad policy
on the part of the Government. I do hope
the appropriation will be made by the com-
mittee.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
a pro forma amendment.
According to my colleague it would require
$150,000 to complete this building
3d I !
sure Congress never intended to vote any such
sum. I hope this committee will not vote any
such sum. I hope it will not vote for a sum
that has not been asked for by the Treasury
Department. They have now $50,000 which
still remains as a deficiency.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the acting chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations whether the
Secretary of the Treasury has not sent since
this bill has been reported to the House a
recommendation in form of an appropriation
which was left out by accident?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He may
have done so, but the fact has not been called
to my attention.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask my friend to send to
the committee-room to see whether there is
not such a letter there. I do not know it is the
fact, but I have such an intimation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league on the committee says he has never
heard of any such letter.
Mr. BLAINE. There may be such a letter,
but 1 have not heard of it.
Mr. LOGAN.- It is my impression there is
such a'letter, but I do not know it is a fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
formed by the clerk of the committee there is
no such letter. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment, and hope the amendment will
be voted down.
The amendment was rejected, only twenty-
nine voting in the affirmative.
The Clerk read as follows :
I'or the construction of a court-house at Pes Moines,
Iowa., gla.OOO.
Mr. DODGE. I move to strike out "$15,-
000" and insert " §89,008," and ask the Clerk
to read the letter I send up in support of the
amendment:
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, February 10,18G8.
Sm: I have the honor to inclose herewith a com-
munication fioui the supervening architect, witli an
estiiuato of the cost of the United States court-houso
and post office at Des Moines, Iowa, from which it
will appear tliatthe sum ot eiglity-mne thousand and
eight dollars ($89,008) wilt be required to tin ally com-
plete the building according to the approved plans
and specifications,
As it is so evidently to the interests of tho Govern-
ment that the work should bo completed at the
earliest possible moment, (which cannot bo done if
delays arise Irom the want ot tunds,) I would earn-
estly recommend that the above amount be included
in the bill malting appropriations for tho fiscal year
ending June30, 18(3!).
Very respectfully, II. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Til \nufus Stevens. Chairman Committee on Ap-
propriations, House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Office of rnis bupekvisiag Architect,
./■' /i rn'i rij H, 18(58.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose an estimate of the
total costof tho United States couit-housc ami post
office, at Des Moines, Iowa, completed, and to say tha.l
the Department has succeeded in making contracts
for the supply of material on advantageous terms,
both as to pnee and promptness of delivery.
I believe that if sufficient appropriations for the
completion of the building can be obtained, Uiat the
building can be put under roof before next winter,
and finally completed before tho close of tho next
fiscal year. I need not add that the cost of the build-
ing will depend in a very great measure upon the
promptness with which it is completed.
The total estimated cost of the building completed
is S1T4.008 00
85,000 00
Amount asked for $S9,00S 00
Very respectfully,
A. B. MULLKTT,
Supervising Arehitect.
Hon. IIugii McCulloch,-tfeovfary of the Treasury.
Mr. DODGE. It will be seen the Secretary
of the Treasury states that contracts have been
made for the completion of this building. I
have looked at these contracts, and I have
some knowledge of these matters, and I under-
take to say they are favorable to the Govern-
ment. The delivery of this material under
these contracts will take place in June, July,
and August, all to be delivered in September.
Now, sir, if this appropriation is cut down to
$15,000 this building will bo stopped, and if
stopped these contractors can come in here
and claim damages. The Government is now
paying rent at Des Moines for the following
offices: United States court, United States
district attorney, United States post office,
collectors and assessors internal revenue, Uni-
ted States marshal, registers and receivers,
land office, United States pension agent, and
United States inspectors. This building, when
completed, will accommodate all these offi-
cers. Des Moines is the capital of the State
of Iowa; and I think it is not asking too much
for the committee to agree to tho recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ If we
should agree to all the recommendations of
the Treasury Department I do not know where
wo would be. At the second session of the
last Congress the gentleman who represented
the district now represented by my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Dodge] asked for $85,000 for a
public building at Des Moines. It was alleged
that that would be all-sufficient to complete the
building, and that we would not be asked, to
appropriate anything additional. I believe
there is no misunderstanding about that. Con-
gress upon that understanding appropriated the
§85.000, which was a large sum for such a
purpose. But now, at the first' session of the
Fortieth Congress, they come in and ask for
$25,000 more. The Committee on Appropri-
tions, looking over all these matters, have re-
ported such sums as they deemed just and
right in all these cases. Not having money-
enough to complete all these buildings at this
time they have dealt a little more liberally with
Des Moines than with the other custom-houses,
allowing $15,000, which I hope will be satis-
factory.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move pro forma
to amend by increasing the amount appropri-
ated five dollars. I do not know by what
rule the Committee on Appropriations acted
in fixing the amount reported in this bill for the
court-house at Des Moines. The sum of
$25,000 was asked for by the Department
originally. The committee cut it down to
$15,000. Certainly the committee had not
before it when it reduced that appropriation
the facts that are involved in this case, as stated
by the supervising architect and Secretary of
the Treasury in the letters which have been
read. A contract has been made for the com-
pletion of this building. The material is to
be delivered during the coming summer, and
tho building will be completed within the given
time. It requires $89,008 to complete the
building according to the contract. The Gov-
ernment is bound by the contract. These
parties have a right either to complete their
contract and receive their money, or, if the
Government refuses to carry it out, to come
here and ask for damages on account of a
breach of contract on the part of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to know by what
authority a contract was made for an amount
beyond what was appropriated ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is a ques-
tion which I hope the Committee on Appropri-
ations will settle definitely before the close of
the session.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We pro-
pose to settle it here now.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
proposes no such thing, for he has told the
committee that he thinks $15,000 will run this
building through this year, and next year they
will give something more for the purpose. But
I understand the committee intend to report a
bill by which it will be made an offense for
contracts to be made beyond the amounts
appropriated.
Mr. UPSON. Is it not illegal now?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Perhaps it may
be, but can the gentleman state a case where
it has been questioned? It has been the uni-
form custom of the Government to aliow these
things, though I admit it ought to he an estab-
lished rule of the Government, and I will
gladly vote for a bill whenever it is reported,
to declare all such contracts void. ' I under-
stand from a member of the Committee on
Appropriations that that will be the next bill
reported. I am very glad to know it.
The Government of the United States is now
paying about five thousand dollars rent for the
office used by its officers who will be accom-
modated by this building when completed; so
that the Government is paying now annually
an amount equal to about six per cent, on the
entire amount asked for to complete the build-
ing. Now. I suppose the gentleman from Ilh-
