3524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
BRAZIL MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Appropria-
tions were discharged from the consideration of
theletter of the Secretary of theTreasury, trans-
mitting a statement of the sums paid without
protest on the vessels of the United States and
Brazil Mail Steamship Company at the port
of New York, amounting to $7,611 10. and
the same was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
SARAH HACKLEMAN.
Mr. VAN AEttNAM, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, authorized to report at
any time the bill (H. R. No. 1313) granting a
pension to Sarah Hackleman, widow of Briga-
dier General Pleasant A. Hackleman, reported
back the same with an amendment.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll the name of the
widow of General Hackleman, with a pension
at the rate of fifty dollars per month from the
3d day of October, 1862, when he fell mortally
wounded at the battle of Corinth.
Section two directs that the pension hereto-
fore allowed to the said widow shall be de-
ducted from the pension hereby granted, and
that this pension shall be subject to the pro-
visions of the general pension law.
The amendment was to add to the first sec-
tion the words "to continue during widow-
hood."
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN the title of
the bill was amended so as to read, " A bill
granting an increase of pension."
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MONICAS SMITH.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, by unanimous
consent, made a report in the matter of the
memorial of Leotiidas Smith, for relief; which
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted to
the committee.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. HINDS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution (H. R. No. 310)
limiting the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
to the loyal citizens of the State of Arkansas,
and ask its present consideration.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to have it
reported.
The joint resolution was reported. It ex-
tends the provisions of the act of July 4, 1804,
entitled " An act to limit the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims" to the loyal citizens of the
State of Arkansas.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
PAY OF ASSISTANT LIBRARIAN.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, by unanimous consent, reported the
following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That for tho present Congress, commenc-
ing therewith, the Clerk is directed to pay from the
contingent fund of tho House to the Assistant Libra-
rian in charge of the Hall Library, the diiferenec
between his present pay and the pay of the file, print-
ing, and engrossing clerk.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE W. DOTY.
Mr. PIKE. I ask unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's table Senate joint resolution
No. 143, for the relief of George VV. Doty, a
commander in the United States Navy, on the
retired list.
The resolution was accordingly taken up
and read a first and second time, it places the
name of Mr. Doty on the Navy Register as com-
mander from the 16th of July, 1802, with the
pay of such rank, todate from his commission.
Mr. PIKE. This is merely to correct a
mistake in a previous bill.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
ivhich the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move to reconsider the
various votes this morning, and to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table. That will include
the votes of reference.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SETII LUA.
Mr. HAWKINS. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Military
Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 1315) for the relief
of Seth Lea.
The bill was reported. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Seth
Lea. of Knox county, Tennessee, on the roll
of invalid pensions at the rate of a full pension
now allowed by law to a second lieutenant,
said pension to commence on the 5th of April,
1865, and to continue for his natural life.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I call
for the reading of the report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object, unless the bill
is referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. HAWKINS. It is a unanimous report
from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am perfectly willing
that the bill shall be referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, provided that the com-
mittee may have leave to report it back at any
time. I ask unanimous consent that it may be
so disposed of.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, with leave
to report it back at any time.
NATIONAL BANKS IN LIQUIDATION.
Mr. BARNES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Banking and Currency,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 225)
respecting national banks in liquidation.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to direct the Comptroller of the Cuirency to
publish a detailed statement of the assets, lia-
bilities, and general condition of all national
banks in the hands of receivers, or which may
he in liquidation on the first Monday of Janu-
ary, April, July, and October of each year, in
one paper in the city of Washington, District
of Columbia, and in one paper in the place
where said bank may be located, as provided
for the publication of other returns in section
thirty-four of an act to provide a national cur-
rency, approved June 3, 1864. It also provides
thai after such provision shall first have been
made for refunding to the United Statesall defi-
ciencies as provided for in section fifty of the
same act, the Comptroller of Currency shall
make ratable dividends of the assets of said
banks to the creditors thereof once in each
calendar month, if such dividend shall be equal
to ten per cent, of its indebtedness, and once
in three months, if such dividend shall be equal
to five per cent, of its indebtedness.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BARNES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHEROKEE NEUTRAL LANDS.
Mr. CLARK, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I
ask unanimous consent to preseut to^the
House the following preamble and resolutions
adopted at a mass meeting of the settlers
on the "Cherokee neutral lands," Cherokee
county, Kansas, held at Centralia, on the llih
day of June, 1808. The sentiments expressed
in these resolutions are not only unanimously
indorsed by the settlers on the Cherokee neu-
tral lands, by the settlers on the Osage Indian
lands, the Shawnee Absentee lands, the Potta-
watomie Indian lands, the Blackfeet lands, but
by a vast majority of the people of my State.
This House will bear me witness that 1 have
struggled here continually for the protection
of these settlers, and -that I have protested
against the pernicious policy which the Senate
has pursued in refusing to afford this portion
of my constituents that relief to which they
are justly entitled. 1 deeply sympathize with
the views expressed in these resolutions.
The preamble and resolutions are as follows:
Whereas we, the settlers on the " Cherokee neu-
tral lands," citizens of Cherokee county. Kansas,
having occupied these lands under the eonvietion
that the Grovornnient would soon extinguish ike
Indian title to the same, and throw them ypen for
legal settlement under the just and equitable laws
of preemption and homestead, now existing; and
whereas the settlement of said lands by tho hardy
pioneer has been made under circumstances of unu-
sual hardships and privation, owing to the devasta-
tion of Missouri and Northern Kansas by the recent
war, causing supplies to be transported long dis-
tances and procured at high prices; and whereas
we are now in danger of having our hard-earned
homes transferred to the hands of a railroad corpo-
ration, with no security that we will be remunerated,
under the pretext of favoring the railroad interest:
Therefore.
Resolved, That we believe we are fully entitled, so
soon as the Indian title to the land is extinguished,
to t le benefit of the preemption and homestead laws;
and we believe those laws will protect us in our rights,
any treaty by the Senate to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Resolved. That, as the preemption and homestead
laws arc the most important parts in the policy of
the Government in relation to the public lands the
homestead law, in particular, having been pledged
by the party now in power to the hardy pioneer, it
being 'one of the principal planks m the platlorm
that carried that party into power, we demand it as
our right, and call on the voters throughout tho
Uniun to sustain us at the polls.
Resolved, That we view with alarm the recent and
changed policy ol the Government in extinguishing
Indian titles to lands only to transfer them into the
hands of railroad and speculating companies, thus
converting the pioneer into a serf at the mercy of a
soulless corporation.
Resolved, That in the name of twenty-five thousand
men, women, and children now living on the "neu-
tral lands"—loyal citizens of the United States—we
do protest against the sale of any part of this tract to
any other than actual settlers.
Resolved. That we give notice to all railroad and
land-monopolizing companies that, having settled
these lands in the full faith that our Government
would act with us as the laws already in force would
warrant, we will not tamely be driven from our
homes or be made to pay an exorbitant price tor the
same.
Resolved. That the men in Congress who have stood
up for the rights of the sell-sacrificing and hardy
pioneer of the West deserve our warmest thanks,
and we hope their noble efforts may be crowned with
success and our Government spared the shame of
dealing falsely with its citizens.
Resolved. That all papers that advocate a "home
for the homeless" on the public domain are solicited
to give these resolutions a, place in their columns.
J. F. PITZER, Chairman.
W. S. Huston, Secretary.
The resolutions were referred to tho Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
TREATIES WITH INDIAN TRIBBS.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution concerning treaties
hereafter made between the United States and
the Indian tribes for action at this time, iask
that it be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as follows:
Whereas sundry treaties between the United States
and different Indian tribes have heretofore, been con-
cluded, by virtue of which large bodies of land have
been transferred to individuals and corporations in
contravention of the spirit and policy ot the pre-
emption and homestead laws of the United States;
and whereas the lands now known as Indian reser-
vations, on the extinguishment ol' the Indian title
thereto, should become tho property ot the United
States and a part of the public domain thereof, and
cannot righUaliy be disposed of otherwise: Xuere-
fore,
Me it resolved by the Senate and Souse of Tteprescnta-
tives of the United States of America in Congreas assem-
bled, That iu any treaty which may hereafter be con-
