1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
nois does not intend to repudiate the contract
that the Government has made, and it is merely
a question whether this work thus commenced
under plans approved by the Department, with
the building half constructed, shall be com-
pleted, or whether it shall be permitted to re-
main as it is. I submit that true economy,
whatever rule we may adopt for future cases,
prompts us to make an appropriation to com-
plete it, in order that the Government may
have the use of its own building and be saved
the payment of this rent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
oppose the amendment. I understand from
the gentleman that $89,000 additional will be
required to complete the building.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Eighty-nine thou-
sand and eight dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. Then I
want to call the attention of the committee to
this fact: that at the last session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress we appropriated $85,000 to
construct this building; and now, at the very
first session of the Fortieth Congress, they come
in here and ask us to give them $89,000 more,
making in all $174,000, to complete the build-
ing. I ask this committee if they will tolerate,
if the people's Representatives will tolerate,
such an outrage upon law as it has been shown
has been committed by the Treasury Depart-
ment in this case? What authority had the
Treasury Department to make a contract in-
volving a sum more than double the amount
we appropriated but a year ago?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I will.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Does the gentle-
man propose to complete this building?
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I propose
to give them $15,000 more. I do not propose
even to follow the estimate of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who only requires in his esti-
mates $25,000, and yet the gentleman from
Iowa acknowledges here in the face of the
House that the building is to cost $89,000
more. He asks me will 1 break the contract.
Sir, I say that any contracts made under such
circumstances are illegal and void, and if they
are not it would be far better for the interests
of the Government to repudiate them and
have to pay damages than to permit this thing
to go on. I would ask gentlemen where we
are to laud when we make appropriations for
these works and the Treasury Department
pays no attention whatever to our laws, but
goes on indefinitely and constructs just such
buildings as it pleases and then comes in here
and demands of us poor, weak serfs to sanc-
tion their outrageous and illegal acts?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment and move to
reduce the appropriation to $89,000. 1 am
willing to vote for a bill-^-sucli an one as will
probably come from the Committee on Appro-
priations—which will justify an exhibition of
economical virtue such as the gentleman from
Illinois displays on this floor from day to day.
But, sir, the gentleman himself, in proposing
this bill, countenances and approves the very
act which he conies in here to denounce. If
the making of this contract was unlawful, if
it was an outiage, if it was a thing unfit to be
done, why does lie propose to appropriate
$15,000 in order to carry on the work?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To pre-
serve the work. That is all.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. To preserve the
work on a building the walls of which are half
completed! I suppose the gentleman from
Illinois would shed the building in and let it
remain there, with $85,000 expended, to be
of no more use or account to the Government;
and that is economy! The gentleman is urg-
ing this committee to throw away $85,000 and
let the building go to the mples and bats, in-
stead of going on in good faith, under the sys-
tem which the Government has pursued for
years, and completing the building in accord-
ance with the contract raade. The gentleman
from Illinois says that the Treasury Depart-
ment only asked for $25,000 in the original
estimates. That is true; but that was before
all the facts in relation to this building had
been placed before the Treasury Department.
After the complete estimates were put in his
possession the Secretary sent a letter to the
Committee on Appropriations, which has been
read to this committee, asking, in behalf of the
interests of the Government, the appropriation
of a sum which will complete the building,
and thereby save a rental of $5,000 a year to
the Government. The gentleman proposes
that we shall go on paying this rent of $5,000
year after year, and then close in this unfin-
ished building by an expenditure of $15,000
more for that purpose—a building which
is utterly useless and utterly worthless to the
Government without completion. Now, let
the gentleman's colleague on the Commit-
tee on Appropriations bring in a bill to stop
for the future the making of contracts beyond
the appropriations voted by Congress, and I
shall most cheerfully vote for it; but f do not
wish to have all of the gentleman's indignation
vented upon this case when like cases have
been running through a series of years, accord-
ing to the uniform practice of the Government.
I will venture to say that the gentleman's cus-
toin-house at Galena was not completed for
the amount of the first appropriation, and I
have yet to learn, and he has yet to state, that
that case causcd the amount of indignation
which he has manifested here to-day. 1 with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise for the purpose of clos-
ing debate on this paragraph. [Cries of " Oh
no," and "Votenow."J Well, ifthequestion
can be taken at once, I withdraw the motion.
[Cries of " Agreed."}
The question was on Mr. Dodge's amend-
ment, to strike out "$15,000" and insert
" $89,008" in lieu thereof in the following par-
agraph :
For the construction of a court-house at Dos Moines,
Iowa, $13,000.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes G:i, noes ?>4.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause was read :
For the construction of a court-house at Madison,
Wisconsin, $25,U00.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move to amend this
clause by striking out "$25,000" and inserting
"$50,000." I do not think it necessary for
me to say much in support of this amendment,
as the argument of my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Wilsox] upon a similar case applies fully to
this case.
Madison is the capital of the State of Wis-
consin. In 1857 Congress appropriated $50,000
to commence a court-house and post office in
that city; but owing to the fact that the site
first selected proved to have a defective title—
and the rod tape that pervades all these De-
partments took three years to ascertain that
tact—the construction of the building was not
then begun. The war of the rebellion com-
menced soon after the fact about the defective
title was discovered, and during the war our
people did not apply for the appropriation.
After the war closed I applied to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to have the appropria-
tion applied to the purpose for winch it was
intended. He said the amount appropriated
was too small to begin the building with, unless
the citizens of Wisconsin would donate a proper
and suitable site for the building. I wrote home
to my constituents on the subject, and they
promptly obtained and donated a site for this
purpose worth $14,000, and the building has
been commenced.
Now, if the amount asked for by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, 350,000, is appropriated
I for this purpose, the walls of the building will
! be completed, and the roof put on by the 1st
{ of November next. Ever}'one at all acquainted
! with building knows that there ajre but two
stages when a building can safely be left over
winter; the first, when the foundation is com-
pleted as far as the water-table, and the other
when the walls are covered in. This building
is- now completed as far as the water-table.
We want this appropriation in order that the
walls may be completed this year, so that the
roof can be put on, and the building be placed
in a condition in which it can be safely left
over the winter. It is no economy on the part
of the Government of the United States to be
four years in completing a building of this kind.
I ask to have appropriated only the sum
which the Secretary of the Treasury says is
necessary for this purpose. That estimate is
based notupon mere guess-work, notuponspec-
ulation, but upon accurate calculations made
by the supervising architect. And I will say
of him and his work that we have never had
a building erected in the city of Madison,
either by public or private enterprise, the
foundations of which have been laid so care-
fully as those for this building. I know that
he has placed his estimates at the lowest figure,
and that they can be relied upon. If this
building is to be completed we must have the
amount appropriated which the authorities
have asked for. This is the second appro-
priation only which we have ever asked from
the Government of the United States for the
erection of public buildings of any kind, and
I hope it will be granted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that there is any use in my attempting to
oppose this amendment. I will not say—for
that, perhaps, would not be in order—that there
is any combination between Philadelphia, Mad-
ison, Des Moines, and Springfield, by which
the majority of this House are to be got to vote
away $246,000. I will not suggest that such
is the case. But I desire to ask gentlemen
whether or not they think it is right and proper
and just to vote away this large amount of
money when, as I declare, there is no neces-
sity for it; when no interest of the Government
demands it. The amount which the Commit-
tee on Appropriations propose to appropriate
for the Madison court-house is $25,000, which
is all that can be advantageously expended
there until the next fiscal year.
Mr. HOPKINS. Then the gentleman sets
up his judgment against the judgment of the
Secretary of the Treasury, backed by the
calculations and estimates of the supervising
architect ?
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. Yes, I do
set up my judgment against that of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. I have a right as a Rep-
resentative of the people to do so. I do not
propose to be governed by the judgment of
the Secretary of the Treasury. 1 examine for
myself, and then I act for myself. The Com-
mittee of the Whole has increased the appro-
priations reported by voting $89,000 for Des
Moines, $75,000 for Philadelphia, $50,000 for
Madison, Wisconsin, and the same amount for
Springfield, in my own State, making in all
$204,000, which we are asked to vote away for
these purposes; but an increased appropria-
tion for Cairo, in my own State, is voted down.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I am very
glad that my colleague [Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois] does not include Cairo in the "com-
bination" of which he speaks. I suppose the
reason is that the amendment with reference
to Cairo was voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. LoganJ are not
in order, unless he moves to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word.
Now, sir, this Committee of the Whole has
voted down an amendment proposing to appro-
priate $50,000 for the completion of a neces-
sary Government building at Cairo ; and a few
moments afterward it adopts an appropriation
of $89,000 for another building of similar char-
acter in another place. Now, this is a pro-
ceeding which I do not understand, If it is
