1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3525
eluded between the United States and any Indian
tube, by which the title of such tribe to their lands
shall bedtvested, the sameshall beconveyed directly
to theUnited States,and shall thenceforward besub-
ject to the authority of Congress in the same manner
as all other public lands.
Mr. TAFFE. I object to the consideration
of the resolution.
MONUMENT TO GENERAL SEDGWICK.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 129) donating certain
captured ordnance for the completion of a
monument to the memory of the late Major
General John Sedgwick, with a view to put it
upon its passage.
Mr. BROOKS. I shall object to taking
from the Speaker's table any Senate bills that
succeed the gold contracts bill; but as this
precedes that bill I do not object.
The joint resolution, which was read, re-
quires the Secretary of War to place in charge
of Major General H. G. Wright, Major General
Frank Wheaton, Major General George W.
Getty, and Major General Truman Seymour,
th ree bronze cannon, captured by the sixth
Ariny corps in battle, for the construction of a
statue of the late Major General John Sedg-
wick, to be placed on a monument erected to
his memory by the sixth corps of the army of
the Potomac.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first, second, and third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLDtEllS HONORABLY DISCHARGED
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 1316) for the relief
of soldiers honorably discharged from the ser-
viceof the United States; which was read afirst
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
j. he latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF A SUIT.
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a joint resolution (H. II. No. 311)
to remove a suit from the circuit court of Frank-
lin county, Arkansas, to the circuit court of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alexander's saw bayonet.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask unanimous consentto
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Henolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquireinto the expedienoyofadopt-
ingt'orusein the infantry regiments of the United
States Army Colonel F. W. Alexander's saw bayonet,
patented in 1864, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I now insist upon the
regular order of business.
The House, undertheorder heretofore made,
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blaine in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. 11. No. 1284) tochange
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on an appeal from a decision of the Chair.
The Chair luled out of order an amendment
moved by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike,J to insert after section one hundred and
seven the additional section which will be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
SEC. — . And be it- further enacted, That upon all
interest aii«ing from bonds of theUnitedStates there
shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of ten per-
cent. on the amount of such interest, and the Treas-
urer of the United States, and such subordinateot&cers
as shall be chargedwith the paymentof saidinterest
shall assess and collect the duty hereby levied.
Mr. PIKE. Before the Chair again submits
the question to the committee, I desire to ex-
plain that I made an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, not for the purpose of antagoniz-
ing the Chair upon a question of order, but as
the only way of getting this proposition before
the Committee of the Whole. At this stage
of the session there is no way of presenting
this matter, either in Committee of the Whole
or in the House, unless in connection with this
bill. It was for that reason that 1 appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. After having assisted in
getting the general bill out of the way.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
grounds of his decision. A few days ago the
House had under consideration in Committee
of the Whole a general tax bill. After pro-
ceeding with its consideration for some time
the House suspended further action upon the
general bill and instructed the Committee of
Ways and Means to bring in a specific bill
relatingtodistilled spirits, tobacco, and banks.
The Committee of Ways and Means, in pur-
suance of those instructions, prepared and
reported a bill bearing this specific title : "A
bill to change and more effectually secure the
collection of internal taxes on distilled spirits
and tobacco, and to amend the tax on banks."
That bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with pre-
cisely the same restrictions and limitations as
those under which the Committee of Ways and
Means acted in preparing the bill. The Chair
rules that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union is no more competent to
enlarge legislation embraced in this bill than
was the Committee of' Ways and Means in pre-
paring it originally. On that ground the Chair
rules the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] to be out of order. From
that decision an appeal is taken ; and the
questiou is, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of this committee V"
Mr. UPSON, i move that the appeal be
laid on the table.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order, as the Committee of the Whole has no
table. The Chair will further state, that while
this amendment would of course be m orderin
connection with a general tax bill, if this pro-
vision be decided to be in order, then any
amendment whatever, throughout the whole
domain of taxation, would also be in order
upon this bill, and it would be impossible to
limit it to the objects for which it was prepared.
The question was taken upon sustaining the
decision of the Chair; and upon a division
there were—ayes 98, noes 21.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Telleis were not ordered.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The CHAIRMAN. There were two or three
amendments reserved last night, the first being
that of the gentleman from West Virginia [Mr.
Hubbard] to section ninety-one.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia^ I move
to amend section ninety-one by inserting after
the word "boxes," in line three, the words "
or packages;" so as to read:
That from and afier the passage of this aet all
cigars shall be packed by the manufacturers in boxes
or packages not before used for that purpose, ice. ^
By the adoption of this amendment, this bill
will correspond in this respect with the law as
it now stands, under which the cigar manu-
facturer has the privilege of packing his cigars
in boxe-i or packages. Thus the cigar manu-
facturer will have t'ni tame privilege allowed
to manufacturers of tobacco and oiiuff under
the present bill, under which they eau pack
their tobacco and anuff in packages.
I am ad vised by the assessor of cigars in the
district which 1 represent that if such an
amendment, as I pro rose be adopted there will
be no more opportunity lor fraud than the manu-
facturer will have under the bill as it now stands.
Common cigars sold, before the war, at. from
two dollars to two dollars and filty cents per
thousand, and if there were no internal taxes
upon the article, would sell now at three and
a halt or four dollars per thousand. Tho man-
ufacturers believe that if they be required to
pack these cigars in boxes the effect will be
simply to add a very considerable percentage
to the price ; and they regard the requirement
as altogether unnecessary. I trust that the
amendment may be adopted, so that the man-
ufacturers of cigars may have the same privi-
lege allowed by this bill to manufacturers of
tobacco and snuff, and may pack their cigars
in boxes or packages at their option.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, this is
simply a proposition to break up the whole
provision in regard to the tax on cigars. We
propose to collect the tax by meaus of stamps
on the boxes. The gentleman proposes to
allow cigars to be sold iu bundles or packages,
with no limitations as to what the packages are
to be or how the stamps are to be affixed.
This is one of the subjects upon which we had
the cigar makers, tobacconists, &c., before us ;
and it was agreed all round that in order to
collect the tax by stamps—the system which
theyail wanted—itwould be necessary to define
what should be a box, how much a box should
contain, and everything- else necessary for the
security of the revenue. 1 hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The next amendment
in order is that reserved by the gentlemau from
Iowa, [Mr. Pmce.]
Mr. PRICE. 1 move to amend section
ninety-three by striking out the following
proviso:
Provided, That from and after the passage of this
act the duty on all cigars imported into the United
States from foreign countries shall be two dollars per
pound and twenty-live per cent, ad valorem.
The effect of this proviso is to reduce the
tariff on imported cigars. By striking out
this proviso, as my amendment pioposes, we
shall leave the tariff on foreign cigars just what
it is now. I am opposed to reducing the tariff
upon imported cigars ; I propose to leave it as
it now is; so that if foreign cigars are imported
into this country they shall pay the duty im-
posed by the existiug law.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, my only-
desire is the House shall know what is proposed
and then submit it. The tax on domestic
cigars is five dollars a thousand and on foreign
cigars three dollars per pound and fifty per
cent, ad valorem. Cigars at the time of import-
ation weigh only twelve pounds. They run
down to eight or nine when they are dry, and
up to fourteen when very green. At fourteen
it would be forty-twodollars in gold or $58 80
iu currency. Fitly per cent, ad valorem or
$42 40 in gold, the average price in Cuba, is
twenty dollars in gold or 5>2ti 26 in currency.
Thus cigars coming from Cuba pay $84 80,
and from that down to seventy-six dollars.
Now, sir, what has been the consequence?
The tariff is so high that it has defeated itself.
Instead of being a protection to the domestic
manufacturer, it has stimulated smuggling in
all variety of cunning to get imported cigars
into the country without paying duty. It bas
m a great degree injured and interlered with
the domestic trade. In the interest of the
home manufacture I think it better to adopt
the provision of the bill. If the committee
think differently, they will refuse to adopt this
provision.
Mr. MYERS. I rise to a point of order,
j This portion of the paragraph which it is pro-
| posed tostuke out I hold not to be in order, as
i it is not germane to this bill. 11ns is si tax
| bill, and that provision is in relation to the
tariff. ,
I The CHAIRMAN. It was not reserved
