2502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
these officers out, nor was bis name mentioned
as of those who were to be retained. He knew
nothing of the order for four or five months,
he being in the field in good faith rendering
service to the Government. He was in con-
stant service and in receipt of his pay until it
was discovered that his name was not among
those who were retained.
Mr. BOSS. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. PILE. Certainly.
Mr. ROSS. What authority had General
Fremont to appoint a civilian as an officer?
Mr^ PILE. I presume this order of Gen-
eral Frfimont and this action of General Fre-
mont appointing provisional officers was with-
out any direct warrant of law. I know of no
law giving him that authority; yet it was in an
early part of the war when department com-
manders from very necessity issued these com-
missions, and the men to whom they were
given entered upon their duty and did the ser-
vice which their commissions called for, and
the disbursing officers of the Government paid
them. Nearly every department commander
in the country exercised this authority and
commissioned these officers, to a greater or
less extent, so far as I know. I know that it
was done at Memphis, at New Orleans, and at
various other places, even at a still later period
of the war.
This man, whatever may have been the
technical authority, the legality or illegality of
his commission, when issued under the author-
ity of the department commander it was suffi-
cient authority for him, and under it he entered
the Army of the Union and periled his life, ren-
dering good service to the country. Therefore,
sir, I think he ought to be paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that this man's
commission was issued by General Fremont.
Now, is not the gentleman himself aware of
the fact that a great many of the men to whom
commissions were issued by General Fremont
during the hundred days he commanded in the
West never rendered any service at all? Does
he not know that Mr. Simon Stevens, appointed
to the commission of major, and Mr. K. N.
Corwin, of Cincinnati, Ohio, holding a stiil
higher commission, never did any duty ? These j
commissions were scattered broadcast, and the j
innumerable persons who held them rendered j
no military service. In the fall months of 1881
General Fremont had an army of officers,
from brigadier generals down to lieutenants,
round his headquarters, with commissions like
that held by this man.
Mr. PILE. I know that General Fremont
issued a large number of commissions which
he had no authority to issue. I know that a
large number of officers were appointed by him
who did no service, and who ought not to have
been paid and have not been paid, and I would
be the last man to ask this Congress or any
Congress of which I was a member to pay them.
Those men that hung around headquarters and
towns and cities and did no service ought not
to be paid. But this is not such a case. He
was appointed by General Fremont and has
the letter of authority appointing him, dated
August, 1861. He was ordered on duty in
Kentucky. Some twenty or thirty orders, all
of them issued in the field by General C. F.
Smith and other officers with whom he served,
show that service was rendered by him in the
field at the front in the presence of the enemy.
He was not in any town, city, or village, loaf-
ing or idling away his time, but was render-
ing service to the country and periling his life
to defend it. Some twenty of these original
orders were preserved. After the paymaster
refused to pay him he collected and preserved
the original orders, which are on file before the
committee and have been examined by them.
They are the orders of officers under whom he
served, directed to him at the front in the pres-
ence of the enemy.
Mr. HOLMAN. Onefurtherquestion. There
was a countermanding, I believe, of some of
these orders made by General Frfemont by the
War Department or some sufficient authority.
For what period after the issuing of the order
does the resolution propose to pay this officer?
Mr. PILE. The order that the gentleman
refers to simply directed that this class ot
officers, except such as were retained by com-
petent authority, should be mustered out. The
question is about the competent authority,
as to how this man was retained. He was at
the front in the service. Those who were
hanging around St. Louis were discharged,
but in the confusion and imperfection of the
papers at military headquarters at that early
period his name was overlooked, and he was
neither discharged nor was an order issued
retaining him in service.
Mr. HOLMAN. Were not. all the officers
dismissed except those regularly appointed?
Mr. PILE. No, sir, they were directed to
be mustered out. Many of them had been
mustered in, and the order of the War Depart-
ment directed that they should be mustered
out, and orders were accordingly issued mus-
tering thera out. But this man was not mus-
tered out and no order was made retaining
him. His case was simply ignored. I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to make a motion
to recommit the resolution, with instructions
to bring in a general bill providing for all who
were irregularly appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that will not be done.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, is there a
quorum present?
The SPEAKER. That can be decided on
the passage ot'the bill; the point will then arise.
Mr. C1IANLER. Would not a count be
necessary?
The SPEAKER. It will, if upon the pas-
sage of the bill any gentleman desires it. The
Chair does not understand that the gentleman
desires to shut off debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division oil
seconding the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until the next
morning hour for private bills.
john m'ilvaine.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the
case of John Mcllvaine.
The SPEAKER. Without leaving copies?
Mr. GARFIELD. Without leaving copies.
Mr. ROSS. I object, unless copies are left.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then let copies be left.
Leave to withdraw was accordingly granted,
copies being left.
action of missouri delegation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, I under-
stand thegentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] will not further object to my making a
personal explanation that 1 asked leave to make
some time ago.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. As the gentleman prom-
ises to be a good boy and a clever fellow here-
after, I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the gentleman will be allowed five minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yesterday morning, on
the presentation of the resolution by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,]
I was not in my seat, and was not aware of the
action on the matter until I saw the Globe this
morning. When I entered the Hall this morn-
ing the same question was before the House
upon the resolution introduced by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.] The
House, by a vote taken by yeas and nays, re-
fused to entertain that resolution as a question
of privilege. The impression may go abroad
and be received by the country that the refusal
to receive that resolution was at the instance
of the delegation from Missouri, who had signed
the letter which was read at the Clerk's desk.
I am not satisfied that that impression should
so go abroad, and I wish to state here for my-
self, and I believe I speak for my colleagues
who signed the paper referred to, that we
desire the fullest investigation, not only into
the facts con tained in that letter, but, of all the
facts in relation to the matter referred to in the
letter. We ask that a committee of this House
may be appointed for that purpose. And I will
say here that there are other facts within my
own knowledge and within the knowledge of
many others that will enter largely into the
question of the privileges of one Senator, the
Senator referred to. We desire that it should
all be investigated. We will not only inter-
pose no objection to the investigation, but we
will render it every aid and assistance that the
House and the committee may require, to the
end that a full investigation may be had and
all the facts in connection with the matter may
go to the country. We know very well that we
have nothing to fear from that investigation.
We know very well that we have neither done
nor said anything dishonorable in connection
with this matter or anything that will not bear
the light before this House and the country.
Hence, I say, we interpose no objection to a
full investigation of the facts.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
oie to ask him a question ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know of the
gentleman if he thinks that it was right and
proper for the whole delegation of the State
of Missouri on the other side of the House to
call upon one of the Senators who was then
considering a case judicially and ask of him in
his judgment to withhold his vote upon one of
the questions before the court?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In view of the circum-
stances that preceded the writing of that letter
I say it was, and I say it most emphatically;
and those circumstances will be brought out
by the investigation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then the gentleman, I
suppose, bases that remark upon the fact that
such was the state of the negotiations between
him and the Senator or such a state of facts
existed between them as justified it. But on
principles of justice and right, without regard
to the individuals themselves, was it proper
for them to interfere with the decision of the
court when this question was pending before it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I apprehend that the com-
mittee that will be appointed by this House—
if one shall be appointed at all—will give their
opinion upon that question, and that the House
will either sanction or dissent from the opin-
ion of the committee. I want the House to
pass on that very question in the light of all
the facts that an investigation may elicit.
Mr. HIGBY. I would ask the gentleman
if he did not think that such an intercession as
they made was proper if they supposed there
was going to be a corrupt decision ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 a
say-
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order.
I ask that the words of the gentleman from
California in regard to the action of the Senate
be taken down.
The SPEAKER. The reporter is not ex-
actly certain as to all the words, as the gen-
tleman from California was not distinctly heard;
but the Clerk will report them as taken down.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it not the privilege
of the gentleman from New York to repeat the
words to which he excepts ?
The SPEAKER. He has the right to repeat
the words; but it is customary for the words to
be taken down from the notes of the reporters
for the Globe.
_ Mi\ CHANLER. I will waive any such
right if the gentleman from California will re-
state the words exactly as he uttered them,
to the best of his ability.
HIGBY. I asked the question if he
did not think that such intercession as they
made through that letter was right if they sup-
posed there was to be a corrupt decision.
Ihese were the words.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks those
words do not come within the parliamentary
law, and for this reason: that the Senate of
the u nited States, forming a part of Congress,
is sitting for the trial of the impeachment, and
am not prepared to
