94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
effect of itself the object to bo accomplished, espe-
cially so far as its operation is infra-territorial, but
is carried into execution l>y the sovereign power of
the respective parties to the instrument.
" In the United States a different principle is estab-
lished. Our Constitution declares a treaty to be the
law of the land. It is consequently to be regarded
in courts of justice as equivalent to an act of the
legislature whenever it operates of itself without the
aid of any legislative provision. But when the terms
of the stipulation import a contract, when either of
the parties engage to perform a particular act, the
treaty addresses itself to the political, not the judi-
cial department; and the legislatuie must execute
the contract before it can become a rule for the court.
And Judge McLean, of the seventh circuit,
decided as follows:
' 'A treaty under the F ederal Constitution is declared
to be the supreme law of tho land. This, unques-
tionably, applies to all treaties where the treaty-
making power without the aid of Congress can carry
it iuto effect. It is not, however, and cannot be the
supreme law of the land when the concurrence oi
Congress is necessary to give it effect. Until this
power is exercised, as where the appropriation of
moi.ey is required, the treaty is not perfect. It is
not operative in tho sense of the Constitution, as
money cannot be appropriated by the treaty-making
power. This results from the limitations of our Gov-
ernment. The action of no department of the Gov-
ernment can be regarded as a law until it shall have
all the sanctions required by the Constitution to
make it such. As well might it be contended that
an ordinary act of Congress, without the signature
of the President, was a law, as that a treaty which
engages to pay a sum of money is in itself a law.
"And in such a case the Representatives of the peo-
ple and the States exercise their own judgments in
granting or withholding the money. They act upon
their own responsibility, and not upon the responsi-
bility of the treaty-making power. It cannot bind
or control the legislative action in this respect, and
every foreign Government may be presumed to know
that so far as the treaty stipulates to pay money the
legislative sanction is required.''
Now, I say again, for the information of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Pruyx,] that this
exact point was decided in 2 Peters, in the case
of Foster et al. vs. Neilson.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, and Mr.
FARNSWORTH addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] is entitled to the Boor,
and will state to whom he yields.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
bukn] for a moment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire, before the
gentleman from Wisconsin proceeds, to put a
question to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] Suppose that the President,
■with the advice and consent of the Senate,
makes a treaty with an Indian tribe, that treaty
providing for the payment of annuities; is
not such a treaty the law of the land before
Congress has voted appropriations to pay those
annuities?
Mr. BUTLER. If I understand the ques-
tion of my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth, ] it is whether the annuities can be paid
before Congress makes an appropriation to pay
them. _
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; my ques-
tion is, whether such a treaty is not a law of
the land before Congress appropriates the
money to pay the annuities.
Mr. BUTLER. It is not an operative law
of the land. That is the exact point decided
in 2 Peters.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, as to the validity of a treaty which
requires legislation to carry it into effect I
wish to call the attention of the House to some
precedents. I find that this very question
arose at the time of the consideration of Jay's
treaty in 1794. That treaty required legisla-
tion for its execution. President Washington
was called upon by the House of Representa-
tives for information in regard it, and he
refused to give it, taking the ground which is
now taken by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevens.] The House, however,
overruled him by a vote of nearly two to one,
and adopted this resolution:
"Resolved, Thatitbeingdeclaredby thesecondsec-
tion of the second article of the Constitution that' tho
President shall have power, by and with the advice
and eonscnt of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
that two thirds of the Senators present concur,'the
House of Representatives do not claim any agency
in making treaties, but that when a treatv stipulates
regulations on any of tho subjects submitted by the
Constitution to the power of Congress it must depend
for its execution as to such stipulations on a law or
laws to be passed by Congress; and it is the consti-
tutional right and duty of the House of Representa-
tives in all such cases to deliberate on the expediency
or inexpediency of carrying such treaty into effect,
and to determine and act thereon as in tlieir judg-
ment may be most conducive to the public good."
This resolution was adopted in 1794 by the
very decisive vote of 57 to 35, Mr. Madison,
Mr. Gallatin, and many other distinguished men
being in Congress at the time and voting for
the resolution.
This question was also discussed at the time
the treaty for the acquisition of Louisiana came
up for consideration, when the proposition to
pay for Louisiana was before Congress. The
whole question was at that time gone over ;
and the friends of that treaty admitted that
the House had a perfect right to refuse the
appropriation if they deemed it proper to do so.
Mr. Randolph, who was one of the strongest
advocates for the treaty and the appropriation
to carry it out, used this language:
" Does not the President of the United States sub-
mit this subject to Congress for their sanction? Does
he not recognize the principle, which I trust we will
never give up, that no treaty is binding until we pass
the laws for executing it; that the powers conferred
by the Constitution on Congresscannot be modified or
abridged by any treaty whatever; that the subjects
of which they have cognizance cannot be taken in
any way outoftheirj urisdiction ? In this procedure
nothing is to be seen but a respect on the part of the
Executive for our rights; a recognition of a discre-
tion on our part to accord or refuse our sanction.
Where, then, is the violation of our rights?"
So far as the precedents go, I think that
they do not sustain the position of the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. STE-
vens.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a question of
order: whether the present discussion is ger-
mane to the question before the House, or in
other words, whether the whole subject as to
the power of this House with regard to treaties
is brought before the House for consideration
at the present time on the motion to refer?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The motion to refer always
opens the whole question for debate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If that be so, I suggest
to my colleague [Mr. Washburne, of Illinois]
that he withdraw the demand for the previous
question, so that we may have this question
settled now upon full discussion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
so soon as the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] shall have concluded—and he has
already occupied about the whole of the brief
time I yielded to him—to give five minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] I
propose then to demand the previous question
and let the House decide whether the debate
shall go on. If the House desires the discus-
sion to proceed further I shall be perfectly
content.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do
not desire to occupy the attention of the House
any further. It was merely with the view of
answering the remarks which fell from the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that
I sought the floor at this time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
always been of the opinion that the treaty-
makingpower could notregulate the commerce
of the country or interfere with anything of that
kind which the Constitution has not given to
them, but wherever the subject-matter is within
their jurisdiction and they have made a perfect
treaty which has been ratified we are bound to
carry it out, and if it creates a debt and we do
not pay it one year we will another. Congress
has nothing to do with the making of treaties
except to carry them into effect if made in pur-
suance of the Constitution by the treaty-making
power.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
yield for five minutes to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK Mr. Speaker, so far as the
question of reference is concerned the rule,
1 think, makes that clear. The first clause
of the rule refers this, among all other appro-
priations asked for by Executive communi-
cations, to (he Committee on Appropriations.
The second part of the rule only defines how
they are to perform their duty; that is, they
are to keep an appropriation under a treaty
separate from other appropriations.
I speak only to a question which we must
come to when the report of a committee comes
in—the question how far we are bound to carry
out unquestioningly this treaty made by the
President and the Senate; and I speak now
because I utterly protest against the doctrine
which lias just been announced, thattheamount
stipulated to be paid by this treaty with Russia
has become, like any regularly contracted obli-
gation, a debt binding on the United States.
I protest against the asserted power of the
President and Senate to bind this House of
Representatives hand and foot, so that when
they agree for payment to be made under any
treaty we on our part are not to consider the
propriety of making the appropriation. Gen-
tlemen in quoting the Constitution have omit-
ted an important clause:
"This Constitution and the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made or which shall be made under
the authority of the United States, shall be the
; supreme law of tho land."
That is the language of the Constitution.
Shall be the supreme law of the land if "made
. under the authority of the United States."
Mr. Speaker, this brings us to consider a
! question which underlies the whole subject.
| What treaties may the President and the Sen-
! ate make as " under the authority of the Uni-
ted States?" What is the United States? A
State, a nation. But a State consists of three
elementary or component parts: a people, a
territory which they inhabit, and an organized
government within the limits of that territory
for that people. When the President and Sen-
ate make treaties the intendment of the Con-
stitution, as I read it, is that those treaties
must relate to matters which lie within the
authority given to them by the United States.
What concerns the United States as an exist-
ing Government, they may treat of; and within
that limit, perhaps, make "supreme law;"
but when they go outside of this and seek
to disturb or change any one of these element-
ary ingredients of the United States, then the
whole power and authority of the Government
in all its functions and coordinate departments
must be exercised and consulted to give valid-
ity and assent to such change. If they change
our country, if they change our people, if they
undertake by treaty to change our form of
government, they are not making treaties under
the authority of the United States, but are
passing beyond the scope of their agency.
The President and Senate might make a treaty
to buy a Japanese island for $1,000,000,000,
and according to the doctrine taught here,
that $1,000,000,000 would have to be paid with-
out question, for the President and Senate
agreeing to such treaty it becomes, as is claimed,
a part of the law of the land, the supreme law
of the land, and creates a debt we are bound
to pay. They might agree to make all the
Japanese by such a treaty citizens of the Upitcd
States, thus disturbing another of the ele-
mentary properties of the State, the people of
which the nation is composed, and we should
be bound to consent to it. I protest now against
every doctrine of that sort, and may desire to
be heard more at length when we come to dis-
cuss the treaty itself. I am not called upon now
to declare what my vote on the proposed appro-
priation may be, but I will never support it on
the ground of obligation on the House of Repre
sentatives which has been assumed. We are
not concluded, and cannot be, by the action of
the President'and Senate, nor precluded from
our own consideration of and judgment upon
the whole character of the negotiation they have
made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, renewed
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ingersoll
and Mr. Ross were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 40.
