1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
far as he is concerned—to add to the beauty
ot' this structure in that mast beautiful city of
the State of Illinois, by appropriating this
additional sum.
Mr. BURR. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the amount $50,000. I
do so for the purpose of saying that while I do
not know the history of the early commence-
ment of this building, nor am I familiar with
the means resorted to to induce the author-
ities that be to undertake the work, yet 1 do
know that its completion is a matter of great
importance to the people of that region, as well
as a matter of strict economy to the Govern-
ment. As my friend from the capital district
[Mr. Cullom] has suggested, the post office, the
land department, and all the various branches
and machinery of the governmental depart-
ments can be accommodated in this building
when it shall be completed. The amount being
paid to-day for rent in the city of Springfield
for Government purposes is more than ten per
cent, upon the amount required to finish the
building. The building contemplated is not
one of those fine structures which are built for
the embellishment of cities. It is not one that
would gracethe city of Boston or be an honor
to the city of New York. It is simply a plain,
substantial building, such as is requisite for
national purposes, and necessary for the ac-
commodation of those concerned in adminis-
tering the affairs of the Government in the
State of Illinois, and particularly in that'part
of the State. I may remark here, in passing,
that this building is located on a corner lot, and
that running upon two sides of that lot are two
of the main avenues of the city which are to-
day obstructed by blocks of marble and other
building materials lying around ready to be
adjusted in the structure if there were means
oil hand to pay for labor, but which are to some
extent going to waste and receiving damage by
lying in the streets instead of being placed in
tbeir appropriate positions.
Now, I am not particularly in favor of the
amendment to the amendment which I have
offered. I think the amount requested by my
colleague from the capital district is modest,
just, and necessary, and the increase asked for,
of only $10,000, ought not certainly to meet
with opposition upon this floor, and more par-
ticularly from my colleague from the Galena
district, [Mr. Waphburne,] who, I am sorry
to say, is too much in the habit of opposing
appropriations without inquiring whether they
are right and proper, or whether they are waste-
ful expenditures of public money.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 trust, since the increase
has been voted in the last three cases, that the
increase asked for by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cullom] will, without further debate,
be granted, and that the other gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Burr] will withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. BURR. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Cullom was
then agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise for the purpose of
closing debate.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RAUM. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after line two hundred and
two:
For construction of post office and custom-house
at Cairo, Illinois, $19,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make
the point of order that the same proposition
has been acted on by the committee onee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is not the same proposition
as the committee acted on before.
Mr. RAUM. It is with a great deal of difn-
dence that I offer this amendment, because the
committee, with a great deal of unanimity, a
few minutes ago voted down an amendment
which I offered appropriating $50,000 for this
purpose; but I do trust that gentlemen will
consider the importance of this work and that
this amendment will be adopted.
Now, sir. this post office and custom-house,
as I remarked a while ago, is in process of
construction. It is well advanced. All the
bricks for the completion of the building are
now upon the ground; all the lumber is there
upon the ground ready to be put into the build-
ing; and it is estimated that $100,000 will
complete the building. It has been intimated
by my colleague, [Mr. Washburne,] who has
charge of this bill, that the Committee on
Appropriations will probably recommend an
appropriation of $25,000 in the deficiency bill.
Why, sir, $25,000 will be of no consequence
toward the construction of this building. It
will not prosecute the work for two weeks. It
is just as well that no appropriation shall be
made as that the sum of ¥25,000 shall be ap-
propriated. If it is the intention of Congress
to complete this building—and I say to gentle-
men that it is a necessary building for the
wants of the Government at that place—let us
go forward and make a reasonable appropria-
tion to continue the work during the balance
of,this fiscal year and during the fiscal year
ending in 1869.
Now, 1 want to call the attention of this
committee, and of the country to the import-
ance of the city of Cairo as agreat commercial
center. I say to gentlemen that Cairo is one
of the rising cities of this Union.
Mr. UPSON. Has it risen above high water
yet? [Laughter.]
Mr. RAUM. Cairo was the only point in
that region that was above high water during
the great freshet of last year. It is the groat
focal point in the West for the building up of
a large commercial city. Last year there were
four thousand eight hundred and thirty-two
steamboats that arrived at and departed from
the city of Cairo ; four hundred thousand tons
of freight were shipped from that place ; and
seventy-eight thousand passengers passed over
the railroad there, besides those who arrived
and departed on the nearly five thousand steam-
boats that landed there. Although Cairo lias
now but about twelve thousand inhabitants, it
has an immense commerce which is increasing
day by day, and year by year. And when we
finish the great line ol' railroads designed to
come in at that point, I predict that within five
years it will have a population of fifty thou-
sand. I ask members to deal with this matter
in a just and liberal manner, and to adopt
this amendment, which, in my opinion, is just
and right in every sense of the term.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
oppose this amendment. This committee have
once already voted upon and rejected sub-
stantially this same amendment. 1 think the
amendment of the gentleman [Mr. Raum] will
not accomplish the object he says he has in
view. The Treasury Department does not want
the money for the next fiscal year, but wants
what it is to have before the 1st of July next.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Raum; and upon a division there
were—ayes 35, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Mr. SPALDING called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Raum and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tollers
reported that there were—ayes 54, noes 42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For fitting up futures and furniture for the north
wing ot'irea.-.uiy building, Ijiii.OOO.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out that
paragraph. I propose to get back all ^ the
money we have been voting away if my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Washbukxe] will help me.
We have increased the different appropriations
contained in this bill some $208,000. These
items in this part of the bill may be all right,
but they look very singular to me. 1 ,ask
members to pay attention while I read two or
three of these items. The one I have moved
to strike out is, " for fitting up fixtures and
furniture for the north wing of Treasury
building, §25,000." Then there is this one a
little further down, "For the north wing of
the Treasury building and the approaches,
including fittings and fixtures, $175^000."
" Fittings and fixturesthe same words that
are in the other item. And not satisfied with
that, we have in the very next item, " For
repairs of the east front and incidental repairs
of the entire building, $15,000." "The
entire building" of course includes the noi'th
wing. Those sums, together with the item of
$25,000 for the vaults of the north wing of the
Treasury building, make $240,000 for this
north wing, or just $32,000 more than we have
just voted away to Pennsylvania, Iowa, Illi-
nois, and Wisconsin. But that sum has been
distributed over those several States for the
erection of substantial buildings, utilitarian in
their character and purpose.
It is now proposed by this bill to expend
$240,000 for these palaces; not one palace
only, but a hundred of them—large rooms,
forty by sixty, with elegant mirrors reaching
from the floor to the ceiling, with probably one
clerk in each room. There is probably not a
constituent of any member on this floor who
would indorse that expenditure if he fully an-
derstood its purpose. Why all the cavil we
have heard here about completing public build-
ings in the different States of the Union which
are absolutely necessary, and the expenditure
for completing which, 1 undertake to. say, will
be a saving to the Government, because the
interest upon the sum required for that purpose
will be less than we are now paying for rents?
We have been wrangling for the last hour aud
a half, by the clock, over those appropriations,
while it is now proposed to take $240,000 from
the Treasury to build about a hundred palaces,
with their " approaches, fittings, and fixtures."
If 1 do not succecd in this amendment 1 pro-
pose to add to these items the words "tinselry
and frippery." There is plenty of room in that
building for the transaction of all the business
connected with that Department. Rooms there
which are now occupied by a single officer
would accommodate twenty clerks just as well
as not. With these facts before me I have
made the motion to strike out this appropria-
tion of $25,000, and I intend to follow it up
by moving to strike out all these other items
relating to the Treasury building.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
utterly indifferent as to what the committee
may do in this matter. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] supports an appropriation
of $8lJ,000 for a building in Iowa to carry out
a contract which has been made without any
authority of law. But when we have before
us an appropriation for finishing an important
public building here at the seat of Government
he is against it. I leave the question to the
committee. I care nothing about it.
Mr. BLAINE. I am not so indifferent about
this matter as the acting chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Wasjiburne,
of Illinois.] For the purpose of saying a word
or two on this question 1 move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. _
Now, sir, in regard to these public buildings
in the different States, it has been argued that
by completing those buildings the Government
will save large expenses in the form of rent.
But, sir, the item of rent in those cases is a
mere bagatelle compared with the amount to
be saved in that way by the completion of this
Treasury building. This north wing, when
completed, is to furnish accommodations for
the internal revenue department, now occu-
pying a building for which the Government
pays an annual rent of $28,000. What would
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] have
ns do ? Would he have us leave the Treasury
building just as it stands?
It is undoubtedly true that we have spent
millions of dollars on public buildings in Wash-
ington. This Treasury building has undoubt-
edly cost a large sum of money ; but it is one
of the most magnificent buildings 111 the world.
The idea of stopping the progress of the work
