i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25m
the Chair thinks it is still the Senate, although
presided over by the Chief Justice. The rule
expressly prohibits any remarks of an offensive
character toward the other branch of Congress;
and although these words are hypothetical, the
Chair thinks they do not come within the par-
liamentary law, and are out of order, the pre-
sumption being in the mind of the gentleman
from California that the Senate could make a
corrupt decision.
Mr. HiGBY. That was not the intent of
the language i used. It was whether the Mis-
souri members acted upon the supposition that
there might be a corrupt decision. I did not
charge anything of the kind.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bexjamin] has made no such
charge.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks^ that
remarks of that character in the Senate, in re-
gard to the action of the House of Represent-
atives, would be ruled out of order by the
Presiding Officer there, on the ground of the
comity between the two branches of Congress.
Mr. CHxlNLER. Will the Chair direct that
the rule of the House be carried out in this
case?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia has taken his seat.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Allow me to say further
that the members from Missouri alluded to
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge,] and whose names are appended to the
paper which has been read, had no idea in the
world that the Senator therein spoken of wouM.
act corruptly, or that any influence at all, be-
yond what the evidence disclosed, was brought
to bear upon him. I state here that we ex-
pressly negatived the idea that any such influ-
ence had been brought to bear. We charge
nothing corrupt upon him; nothing in the
world.
It will be ascertained in the course of the
investigation, if one is had, why that letter was
written, who were the parties to it, and the de-
sign of it. I knew nothing of it myself until
it was presented to me by one of my colleagues
and I was requested to sign it. At the same
time my colleague stated that the Senator him-
self requested the signatures of the members
of the Missouri delegation in this House and
the presentation of the paper to him ; thai it
was signed at his instance, and got up at his
request, and for his benefit.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the House to allow
me to make a single remark in reference to
what the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
jamin] has said.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a' privileged
question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Willthegentlemanyield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not now.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
■IMPEACHMENT TRIAL CORRUPT PRACTICES.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have been directed by
the managers on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives, in the matter of the impeachment
of Andrew Johnson, to report the following
preamble and resolution for consideration at
this time:
Whereas information has come to the managers
which seems to them to furnish probable cause to
believe that improper or corrupt means have been
used to influence the determination ofthe Senate upon
the articles ot impeachment exhibited to the Senate
by the House of Representatives against the Presi-
dent of the United States: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That for the further and more effi-
cient prosecution of the impeachment of the Presi-
dent the managers be directed and instructed to
summon and examine witnesses under oath, to send
for persons and papers, to employ a stenographer,
and to appoiritsub-oommitteestotake testimony,the
expenses thereof to be paid from thecontingent fund
of the llouse.
Mr. CIIANLER. I rise to a question of
order. I would inquire of the Chair if we have
any power to try Senators ?
The SPEAKER. So far as the point of
order goes made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Chancer,] the Chair sustains it.
Mr. ROSS. That is the effect of this reso-
lution.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not the effect of
the resolution at all. I call the previous ques-
tion on the preamble and resolution.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
These managers were appointed by this House
to conduct the prosecution against the Presi-
dent on the part of the House. The managers
having discharged their duty, they have noth-
ing more to do. Judgment has in part been
rendered by the Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I.s it in order for the gen-
tleman to argue that proposition ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I am not arguing it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ROBINSON. The managers having
discharged their duty, they have nothing more
to do with the case than counsel have to do with
a case after it has been submitted to the court.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order upon two grounds. The first is,
that the managers have not yet discharged their
duty in the case, for the case has not yet been
fully decided. The second ground is, that in
presenting the case to the Senate the House
expressly reserved to itself the right to take
further action.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to another point
of order, that the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] charges cor-
rupt motives upon the part of the Senate, and
this House cannot entertain such a proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that point of order; that is a question for
the House to determine.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to appeal from
the Chair on my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is too late
to take an appeal, another point of order hav-
ing been made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the Chair enter-
tain the point of order made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Chakler?]
The SPEAKER. He does not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order
involving the same question. I make the
point that, as this resolution reflects upon the
Senate, it is not proper that it should be enter-
tained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
If there be no further points of order the
Chair will state that this resolution is open to
the same objection made to the resolution of
the gentleman from Wisconsin himself, that
there is no direct charge of corruption. It
uses almost the same language, "that it ap-
pears," "that reports have been made,"
"that it appearing that .corruption has been
used," &c.
The rulings in regard to questions of privi-
lege have been uniform so far as the Chair has
examined them. Vague charges cannot be
considered as questions of privilege, but spe-
cific charges alleging corruption upon the re-
sponsibility of any member can be. The
Chair therefore stated to-day to the gentleman
from Wisconsin that while his resolution was
not a question of privilege, as it recited that
whereas it appeared there was a corrupt pur-
pose on the part of certain gentlemen of the
delegation from Missouri to influence the Sen-
ator from Missouri, still if the resolution had
made the direct charge of corruption on his
.responsibility as a member, for which he would
be responsible to the House if it proved not
true, the Chair would entertain that as a ques
tion of privilege.
The Chair decides that the managers, under
the order of the House, have the right to report
resolutions, not as a question of privilege, but
as a matter of right. This resolution is open
to the same objection as to its consideration
which has been repeatedly made of late under
the rule to be found on page 71 of the Digest.
If there be objection to its present considera-
tion the question then will be put to the House
whether it shall be considered or not.
Mr. CHANLER. The ruling of the Chair
as to corruption being used in forming a decis-
ion in the court of impeachment does not come
within the ruling which affects and attacks one
of the coordinate branches of the Government.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will repeat the
ruling that he made before. The gentleman
cannot change the language of the Chair by
quoting it as he does.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not wish to 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will sus-
pend. If the gentleman will look at the Globe
lie will find that the decision of the Chair is in
the same language that the Chair hasjuststated
it. He decided that vague charges of corrup-
tion cannot be entertained as questions of
privilege, and the Chair now reaffirms that
decision ; but he has also decided that the
managers have the right to present for- the
consideration of the House whatever proposi-
tion they may see fit, and the House of Rep-
resentatives has also the right to say whether
they will or will not consider it. The gentle-
man has the right to say the House shall not
consider it if he thinks it ought not to be con-
sidered.
Mr. CHANLER. I make that motion,and
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a state-
ment.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. Is
there objection?
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to make his statement.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio a question.
Mr. MUNGEN. I do not want any Star
Chamber tribunal organized here.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAKER. Is the question whether the
House will consider this resolution at all, or
consider it as a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House now consider it?
Mr. BROOKS. How long a time have these
managers the right to make these reports?
The SPEAKER. Until the impeachment
is ended.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it not now ended?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The report of
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole
was that two thirds of the Senate not having
voted for the eleventh article, the Chief J uatice
declared the President was acquitted on that
article, and that thereupon the Senate, sitting
for the trial of the President, adjourned until
the 26th of May. The trial is not ended.
Mr. PHELPS. I listened very carefully to
the resolution when it was read, and it dis-
tinctly charges that corrupt considerations
have entered into the verdict of the Senate.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to debate.
Mr. PHELPS. Is not that out of order?
Mr. BINGHAM. It contains no such in-
sinuation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
the gentleman from Maryland is presenting
an argument. If he is of the opinion he has
indicated he has his remedy by his vote.
Mr. ROBINSON. I wish to ask a parlia-
mentary question.
Several Members. Question!
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
and objection is made.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 26, not voting
84 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Delos K. Ashley,
James AI. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Beaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair. Broomall. Butler,
Cake, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Covode,
tiulloin, Donnelly, liriggs, Eggleston, Bla, iiliot,
Pernss, Ferry, Fields, Gariielii, Gravely, iiafsey,
Harding, Migby, Hooper. Hopkins, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, n imam
La,wrence, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Mftynard,
JleClurg, Mereur, Moore, Myers, Newcomb, 0 Aeili,
Ortb, Perham, Pytcrs, Hie,/Jang, Polsley, Price,
Raum, Sawyer, Schenek, Seofield, Shanks, A&ion £.
Stevens, 'Ihaddeus Stevens, iatle, ihornas, Xiow-
bridge, Twioheii, Upson, Lurt Van Horn, \Vard.
Eiibu B. Washburne, Henry J). Washburn, ^ llliam.
B. Washburn, Thomas TV imams, James Ij. Wilson,
and Windoru—70.
