96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Buckland, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Dodge, Ela, Ferriss, Hawkins, Higby, HuL-
burd, Hun ter, J udd, Kolley. Ke'.sey, Ketchain, Laflin,
Lincoln. Loijan, Loughrid^c, McCarthy, Mercur,
Mullms, Myers, Sunn, I'crliain, Pike, Plants,
Schenek, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
Upson, Van Aornain, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elihu B. Washburne, Wclker, William Williams,
JamosF. Wilson, John T.Wilson, and Woodward—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Blaine, Brooks,
Butler, Church ill, Corn ell, Covode, Dawes, Egpieston.
Eliot, Finney, Fox, Griswold, Halsey, Ilarumg, nui.
Hooper, Richard D. Hubbard, Kitchen, Lynch, Mar-
vin, McCullnugh, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Morrissey, Newcorab, Phelps, Pile, Poineroy, llauin.
Robertson, Scoficld, Sclye, Shcllabargcr, Smith,
'Thaddcus Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
Twichell, Burt Van Ilora, Ward, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Woodbridge—48.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask leave for the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Van Trump] to print
some remarks he has prepared upon the sub-
ject of impeachment; they relate only to the
constitutional question involved in that sub-
ject.
Mr. BROOMALL and others objected.
cotton tax.
Mr. CARY. I ask unanimous consent to
withdraw sundry petitions in relation to the
repeal of the tax on cotton, which I presented
the other day and had referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I ask this for the
purpose of having the same presented in the
Senate, where the bill relating to that subject
is now pending.
No objection was made, and leave was accord-
ingly granted.
supplies of naval timber.
Mr. CHANLER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
hereby is, directed to furnish to this House at an
early day tabular statements of the amount and
value of seasoned timber fit for building vessels of
war now stored in each of the dock-yard3 and navy-
yards of the United States.
Also, to inform this House by a similar statement,
of the amount and value of green timber which has
been bought by the Navy Department for the con-
struction ol vessels of war, and tor other purposes,
during each year from 1860 up todate.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
now proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
kepaiks of president's house.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the following resolution of the Senate :
Resolved, That the joint committee on the part of
the Senate appointed at the last session to examine
accounts for repairs of Executive Mansion, consist-
ing of Mr. Harlan and Mr. Nobton, be, and they
are hereby, reappointed.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the Speaker
be directed to appoint the committee on the
part of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER accordingly appointed as
said committee on the part of the House
Messrs. Spalding, Beaman, and Glossbrex-
ner, being the committee of last session.
pay of congressional officers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following resolution of the Senate:
Resolved, That the joint committee on the part of
the Senate appointed at the last session to revise and
fix the pay of the officers of the two Houses, consist-
mgof Mr. Fessenbe-v, Mr. Sherman, and Mr. Bccka-
lew, be, and they are hereby, reappointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that a committee on this subject on the part of
the House be appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER accordingly appointed
Messrs. Woodbridge, Ecklet, and McCul-
i-ough as the committee on the part of the
House, being the committee of last session.
quorum of supreme court.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 163, being '"An act declar-
'"S what shall constitute a quorum of the
Supreme Court;" which was taken from the
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
equal rights in district of columbia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 141, being "An act for the
further security of equal rights in the District
of Columbia;" which was taken from the table
and read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that this bill
be now put udoii its Dassage. I am informed
that it is precisely like a bill that was passed
by the House at the last session.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reporting of
the bill in full.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that the word "white" wherever it occurs in
the laws relating to the District of Columbia or
in the charter or ordinances of the cities of
Washington or Georgetown, and operates as a
limitation on the right of any elector to hold
any office or to be selected and to serve as a
juror, be repealed; and it is declared unlawful
for any person or officer to enforce or attempt
to enforce such limitation after the passage of
this act.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill is in the
precise language of one which was passed by
the House at the last session, and therefore I
have asked that it be put at once on its passage.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing, and read the third time.
The question then recurred on the passage
I call for the pre-
of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa.
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 38, not vot-
ing 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnel), James M.
Ashley, Bailey,Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,Ben-
jamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Broomail, Buekland, Bntler, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes,
•Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston,
Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gar-
field, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins, Holman,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, lngersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, lvellcy,
Kelsey.Ketcham, Koontz,Laflin, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, Mercur, Moorhead, Mull ins, Myers, Newcomb,
Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perhain, Peters, Pike,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, ,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. j
Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washbnrn, Ilenry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas ,
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John I
T. Wilson, and Windom—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Richard D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones. Kerr, Knott,
Mallory, Marshall, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross,
Sitgreaves.Taber, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood,
and Woodward—38.
NOT VOTING-j-Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Barnuni, Blair, Cake, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cor-
nell, Covode, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Griswold, Hill,
Higby, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kitchen,
George V. Lawrence. Loan, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Cullough, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Morrissey, Pile,
Pomeroy, Raum.Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger,Spald-
ing, Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Twichell, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Woodbridge—44.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and also moved that the j
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
trial of albert m. d. c. lusk.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatiblewith the
public interest, the record of tue trial by military
commission, under the provisions of the reconstruc-
tion acts, of Albert M. D. C. Lusk, of Louisiana, in
New Orleans, in August last, for the murder of a
negro boy; also copies of all papers connected with
or relating to the case; also a statement of his action
thereon.
revenue and expenditures.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to offer a resolution, and
to occupy not more than ten minutes, perhaps
not more than five, in explaining my reasons
for offering it. The resolution, which has
already been read to the House, is as follows:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House the
amount of revenue annually collected by taxation
should not exceed $300,000,000; that the Committee
of Ways and Means be instructed to report a bill so
modifying internal taxation as to reduce the rev-
enue from internal taxes and the tariff duties to a
sum not exceeding $300,000,000; and that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations be instructed not to exceed
that amount, including*!#* interest on the publio
debt, in the appropriations r«j/orted to the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman in-
troduce it for the purpose of action now?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
make a few remarks and leave it to the action
of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have a resolution on
the same subject which I should like to have
read and considered by the House at this time.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know that there
will be any objection to the gentleman from
Massachusetts being heard.
Mr. PRUYN. I have no objection, pro-
vided some person on this side of the House is
allowed to speak in reply for ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. PRUYN. I do not. If the gentleman
is heard some one on this side ought to be heard
in reply.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move to
suspend the rules so that I may have the priv-
ilege of addressing the House for ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, it has always been considered that
this House held the purse-strings of the nation
and should determine the amount of money
that the people be called upon to furnish
for the use of the Government, as well as the
mode in which it should be furnished. Upon
this theory the practice is based of originating
all money bills in the House of Representa-
tives.
During the recent war of the rebellion Con-
gress was necessarily obliged to depend on
the Departments for information as to the
amount of money that would be required by
the Government. But the time has now returned
when it becomes the duty of this House to
judge and determine the amount of money that
should be required for the purposes of the
Government. With the assistance of the able
reports from the several Departments which
have been laid before the House there can be
no difficulty in possessing all the information
to form a just conclusion in regard to the
amount that should be drawn by taxation from
the people.
The first effective step to keep down the
expenditures of the Government and to secure
an economical administration is to limit the
revenues to the sum required for that purpose;
and never was this more important than at this
time, when the industrial interests of the coun-
try are oppressed almost beyond precedence
by the continuance of those heavy burdens of
taxation which they cheerfully bore while the
war rendered them nscessary, but which the 4
people now claim to be no longer necessary.
It appears by the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury that therevenue forthe year end-
ing 30th June, 18GT, was $490,000,000, and he
estimates the revenue for the year ending 30th
June, 1868, at $417,000,000, and for the year
ending 30th June, 18G9, $381,000,000. The
expenditures for 1807 were $346,000,000, and
are estimated for 18C8 at $393,000,000, and for
1869 at $372,000,000. The Secretary of the
Treasury adds, however, that he is hopeful—
" That Congress will take means to largely reduce
expenditures jn all branches of the service, so that a
steady reduction of the debt may be continued."
If the internal revenue laws are enforced tha
