1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2505
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence after to-day was
granted to Mr. Ferry, Mr. Halsky, Mr. Hub-
baud of West Virginia, Mr. Mallory, Mr.
Wasiiburx of Indiana, Mr. Shanks, and Mr.
Broomall.
impeachment corrupt practices.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to lay the preamble and reso-
lution upon the table, upon which the gentle-
man from New York [ilr. Robinson] has
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 10, nays 86, not
voting U3 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chanlcr, Getz, Golladay, Holman.
Johnson, AtcCurmick, Piielps, 1'ruyn, llobiubon, and.
Wooavv'urd—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
Icy, ,J juics At. Ashley,Hailoy,Baker, Banks,Bearnan,
Bcatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwell, Broomall, Butler, Cake, Reader AY. Clarke,
Cobb, Uoburn, Govodc, Cullom, Donnelly, Driggs.Kg-
glesi-on, Kla, Eliot, Eernss, Kerry, J?ields, (xarlield,
Gravely, Halsey, Harding, Xligby, Hooper, Hopkins,
liunter, Ingeraoll, Juhan.Kelsey, Kcteham. Kitchen,
lvoontz, Lallin, William Lawrence, Loughridge,
Lynch, Malloiy, Maynard, McClurg, Mercar, Moore,
Myeid, jN'eweomb, O'JSTeill, OrtU, Perham, Peters,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Polslcy, Price, Itaum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schenck, iScohcld, Shanks, Aaron jb\ Stevens,
Tatle, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbiidge, Twicbell,
Upson, Ward, Elihu B.Washburne, Henry B.Wash-
burn, Willi,!in B.Washburn, Thomas Williams,Wil-
liam Williams, James P. Wilson, and Windom—8G.
IN OX VO'i'IN G—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Ar-
nell, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnura, Beck.Boyer,
Bromwell, Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Gary, Churchill,
Sidney Olaike, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, l)ixoil, Bodge,
Bckiey, lllldrkljje, Parnsvvorth, Kinney, Pox, Gloss-
bienner, Gnswold, Grovcr, llaight, Hawkins, Hill,
Hotehluss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Kicliard L>. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jenckes,
Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kerr, Knott, George V. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Marshall, Marvin,
McCaithy, McCullough, Miller, Moorhead, Morgan,
Morrell, Morrissey, Muliins, Mungcn, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Jfunn, Paine, Poland, Pomeroy, Randall, Ross,
Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, 'X'haddous Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Stone, Tabcr, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Aernam, Van Aukon, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.
Washbuin, Welker, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.Wil-
son, Wood, and Woodbridge—93.
So the preamble and resolution were not
laid on the table.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] allow me to make a sug-
gestion to him. Let this question go to a
select committee, or at all events to a commit-
tee which will have upon it some representa-
tive of the minority of this House. It is a
mockery to send this to a committee which has
no member upon it of the Democratic party,
which we claim to represent a majority of the
people of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist upon my demand
for the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 75, no 1; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the rule be read requiring members to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule, alter which the Chair will appoint tellers.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"Everymemberwhoshallbe in theHousewhenthe
question is put shall give his vote unless the House
shall excuse him."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, as
he has often stated, that he cannot compel
members to vote, as they are required to do
by their own rules. If members refuse,to
vote, they are in contempt of the House of (J
Representatives and of their own rules. No
quorum having voted on the last vote, the
Chair will-appoint tellers, and requests every
member to vote.
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Broomall were ap-
pointed to act as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 82, noes 14.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon the adoption of the preamble and
resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon that question I Call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 14,
not voting 87 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham. Kitchon.
ICoontz, Latlm, William Lawrence, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McOiurg, Meruur, Moore,
Myers, Neweomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perharn,
Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Price, liaum,
Robertson, lawyer, Schenck.Seoiield, Shanks, Aaron
K Stevens, ThuddousStevcns, Tatic,Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Xwichell, Upson,Burt Van Horn, Ward. Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James ¥. Wilson, and Windoin—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Getz, (xlossbrenner, Hol-
man, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Knott, Mungen, Nichol-
son, Phelps, .Robinson, lioss, Sitgreaves, and titcw-
art—14.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, J&urr, Oary, Chanler,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dawes,
Dixon, Dodge, Eokley, Eldridge, Parnsworth, Fin-
ney, i(ox, Golladay, Uriswold, Grover, Haight, Haw-
kins, Hill, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Chester D.Hubbard,
liichard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jenckes,
Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kerr, George V. Lawrence,
Liuooln, Loan, Logan, tylarshall, Marvin, McCarthy,
McCormick, McCullough, Miller, Moorhead, Morgan,
Morrell, Morrissey, Mullin's, Niblack,Nunn, Poland,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, liandall, Selye, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stokos, Stone,
Taber, Taylor, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, liobcrtT.Van Horn, Van
Trump, Van Wyek, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Welker, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—87.
So the preamble and resolution wereadopted.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order, that the vote has not been taken on the
preamble.
The S PEAKER. The Chair stated the ques-
tion to be on the preamble and resolution,
and they were read together. No gentleman
called for a division of the question, and it is
now too late to raise the point.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had disagreed to the concurrent
resolution of the House providing for an ad-
journment from the lGth to the 25th instant.
LKAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. TWICHELL asked and obtained in- 1
definite leave of absence on account of sick- j
ness in his family. I
Mr. HOTCHKISS, Mr. TAFFE, and Mr. I
CAKE asked and obtained indefinite leave of ;
absence. i
And then, on motion of'Mr. WASHBURNE, 1
of Illinois, the House (at four o'clock and ten ;
minutes p. m.) adjourned. j
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 15 citi-
zens of Wayne county, Indiana, praying ft
reduction in the expenditures of the different
,'departments of the Government.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of S. H.
Edwards and others, citizens of Guilford, Ver-
mont, praying Congress to establish a line of
steamships between the United States and the
Republic of Liberia.
By Mr. TAFFE : The petition of B. F. Per-
kins and others, citizens of Nebraska, asking
an amendment of the homestead law so as to
secure certain portions of the public land occu-
oied as homesteads as sites for school-houses.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 18, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday's legislative pro-
ceedings was read and approved.
.message srom tue house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 237) to revive and extern}
certain acts of Congress relative to land claims
in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 1075) to authorize adjudi-
cation of claim No. 45 in the report of the sur-
veyor general of the Territory of New Mexico :
A bill (IT. R. No. 1080) for the relief of
Edward B. Allen;
A bill (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of
Robert L. Lindsay;
A bill (H. R. No. 65) for the relief of Wil-
liam McGarrahan; and
A joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 266) to author-
ize the enlargement of the Hygeia Hotel at
Fortress Monroe.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to law, a state-
ment of contracts made by the quartermaster's
department during the month of March, 1868;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, communicating a letter
of Major General Canby, and its inclosures,
relating to an ordinance of the South Caro-
lina convention providing for the assembling
of the General Assembly, the temporary or-
ganization of each house, the installation of
Governor and the Lieutenant Governor, and
the continuation of the president of the con-
vention in office until after installation for the
purpose of administering oaths; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, communicating a cor-
rected copy of the constitution framed by the
Virginia convention, as furnished by Brevet
Major General J. M. Schofield, commanding
the first military district.
Mr. WILSON. I move the reference of that
document to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose it ought to be
printed, and I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed, if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON. Not the documents with it,
but the constitution.
Mr. DRAKE. The constitution is the only
i document.
j COAST SURVEY REPORT.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
! the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
; Treasury, communicating, in obedience to law,
! a report of the Superintendent of the United
j States Coast Survey, stating the operations and
1 progress in the survey of the coast during the
: year ending November 1, 1867.
i Mr. ANTHONY. I oiler the usual resokt-
' tion for the distribution of that document:
! Uewlyed, That there he printed two thousand ez-
: tra copics of the report of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey for 1867, of which one thousand copies
i shall be for the use of the Senate, and one thousand
\ copies shall be for distribution by the Superintend-
I ent of the Coast Survey.
j That resolution under the rule goes to the
; Committee on Printing. It has, however, been
| considered by the committee; and I am in-
! strueted to ask for its present consideration
j and passage. It provides for the printing of
| the usual number that has always been voted.
I The resolution was considered by unani-
1 mous consent, and agreed to.
