1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
between three and four acres of land, and for
heaven's sake I would like to know -where it is
to be extended to, [laughter,] and which end
it is proposed to begin at. [Laughter.] Each
end is finished and paid for by the tax-ridden
people. But, if the gentleman from Illinois
will tell me where he is going to begin, per-
haps I will vote with him. Talk about your
furniture at the Treasury ; for God's sake look
over your heads if you want to see extrava-
gance. [Laughter.] I tell you, go on with
your extravagance, and it will lead to repudia-
tion. The people have got something to say
about this matter, whether they will pay these
taxes. They will pay them provided economy,
prudence, and justice are subserved, but not
otherwise.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washeurxe] will explain
this matter. The inquiry of my colleague
[Mr. Seyle] is a very pertinent one; why it is
proposed to expend $100,000 more upon this
Capitol. I hope the gentleman will inform
the committee where it is proposed to expend
that money. If it is merely to keep a lot _ of
men gathered and clustered about this Capitol
merely to draw pay and eat up the ยง100,000,
then I presume the committee will not feel it to
be their duty to vote this amount. If the money
is really necessary for any purpose we ought
to know it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
care about enlightening the gentleman at all
if the enlightenment I give him will induce him
to vote for the bill as it stands. I was opposed
* to this appropriation, and I hope it will be
stricken out.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I hope so too, since
no one can give us any information about the
matter. We are called upon to appropriate
$100,000, we know not for what. The evi-
dence of our senses is that it is not necessary.
My colleague [Mr. Seyle] says that he has
taken time to go round this building, long and
tedious as the journey may be, and he cannot
find where $10*0,000 more can be expended.
I hope the apppropriation will be voted down,
as no one can tell where the money is to go.
The question was taken on Mr. Selye's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I move to strike out lines
two hundred and fifty-six and two hundred
and fifty-seven, which are:
For continuing the work on the new Dome of the
Capitol, $5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
will be agreed to. Let it go to Des Moines.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DODGE. That is the place I propose
to put it.
Sir. PRICE. It is a good place for it to go to.
Mr. BLAINE. I merely desire to say that
I think these appropiiations for the Capitol
ought not to be stricken out. If the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Selve,] who is a
practical man, will go down to the steam mar-
ble works here he will see where the $100,000
are to be swallowed up, and whether we put the
appropriation in this bill or not it has got to
come, or the Capitol will remain unfinished.
We may as well look the fact in the face that
this Capitol is a vastly expensive building and
somebody has got to pay the bills. If you can
find anybody besides Congress who will do it
I hope you will do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the_ gentle-
man state what work on the Dome is to be
continued? Work on the Dome! I should
like to know from the Committee on Appro-
priations what work on the Dome is uncom-
pleted' My understanding is that the Dome
is already completed; and the next paragraph
of the bill is :
For the annual repairs, such as painting, glazing,
keeping roots in order, also water pipes, pavements,
and approaches to public buildings, $15,000.
Now, is this for the commencement of the
renovation of the inside of the Dome tliat_ I
have heard talked about, which is to result in
taking out the entire lower portion ot the inside
of the Dome and engaging in an improvement
of the plan of the Dome which will cost us sojne
two or three hundred thousand dollars before
we are through ? Is that the scheme ?
Mr. BLAINE. No; it has nothing to do
with that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, what is it for?
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will go up
to the Dome, which is rather a tedious opera-
tion, he will find that the work is not yet com-
pleted according to the design. Has the gen-
tleman been there this session?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Not this session.
Mr. BLAINE. Then the gentleman ought
not to have asked his question with such an
air of confidence.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I only asked it to
get information from the Committee on Appro-
priations, and I assert that the gentleman has
given us no information.
Mr. BLAINE. We got our information
from the architect of the Capitol extension,
one of the most reliable, trustworthy, and eco-
nomical officers that the Government has any-
where, and if we cannot take his estimates we
cannot take anybody's. I am not a practical
architect and I do not know where the money
is to be expended. I only know that Mr.
Clark, the architect of the Capitol extension,
deems these appropriations absolutely essen-
tial. Of course, it is of no more interest to me
than to any one else.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I presume from
what the gentleman says that he has not been
to the top of the Dome.
Mr. BLAINE. No, not at all, and I do not
propose to go.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I made that perilous voy-
age up the Dome a few days since and I do not
remember seeing anything unfinished there.
Mr. BLAINE. Probably the gentleman had
a swimming in his head, he got up so high, so
that he could not tell what was around him.
Mr. VAN WYCK. If we continue to ap-
propriate tens and hundreds Ot thousands of
dollars in this way, our heads will swim more
by and by.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Dodge, to strike out " for continuing the work
on the new Dome of the Capitol, S5,000."
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Smithsonian Institution:
For the preservation of the collections of the ex-
ploring and surveying expeditions of the Govern-
ment, $1,000.
, Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out "SI,000" and
inserting " $0,000." 1 apprehend that the Com-
mittee on Appiopiiatious'had not, probably,
looked in the history of this annual appropria-
tion to the Smithsonian Institution for taking
care of these collections of the Government
when they concluded to report this sum. I hosr-
collections were kept in the Patent Office build-
ing up to 1857, and were then much smaller
than they are now. An annual appropriation
of $4,000 for the purpose of taking care of these
collections, was made from 1842 to 18-57. In
1857, the room occupied for that purpose in
the Patent Ofiice building was needed for other
purposes, for models, &c., and these collec-
tions were then removed to the Smithsonian
building where they have since been kept. An
annual appropriation of $4,000 for their preser-
vation was made from 1857 to last year, when
the sum was increased to $10,000. These col-
lections have been very largely increased ; they
have been doubled, in fact they have been
quadrupled, since they were removed to the
Smithsonian building; and the expense of
taking care of them has been very largely in-
creased in consequence of the general increase
of the prices of labor, fuel, and everything that
goes to make up that expense. _ Even if the
amount of labor had not been increased in
consequence of the increase of the collections,
the appropriation which from 1842 to 1800 was
$4,000, ought to be increased to at least $6,000.
The fund of the Smithsonian Institution,
whatever it may be. is a-fixed sum, and in
consequence of the great increase in the prices
of everything, it is not now worth more than
half as much to the institution as it was for-
merly. A very large portion of the income
from the fund of the institution, for the last
two years, has had to be expended in refitting
and repairing the building, rendered necessary
by the destructive and ruinous fire that occurred
there in 1805. It seems to me there can be no
question but- what the appropriation for thiss
purpose should be at least $0,000.
Mr. UPSON. Who has the disbursing of this
money, and what account is ever rendered to
any one of the manner in which it is expended ?
Mr. POLAND. It is disbursed under the
care of Professor Henry, one of the most pru-
dent men in the country, and it is all reviewed
by the Board of Regents.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations thought that $1,000
a year was about as much as the people of this
country desire to pay to preserve the collec-
tions of the exploring and surveying expedi-
tions of the Government. The amount appro-
priated heretofore has been much larger, as
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
has said. 1 had a conversation this morning
with Professor Henry, who stated to me how
this appropriation was to be used. From what
he told me, I am willing to admit that there
should be appropriated a much larger sum than
the committee have reported in this bill, though
not so much as $0,000, as the gentleman from
Vermont has proposed. The professor himself
expressed himself satisfied with $4,000; the
usual annual appropriation for this purpose.
Mr. POLAND. It maybe true that Pro-
fessor Henry did not desire to have the friends
of the Smithsonian Institution get into a con-
troversy with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washhurne,] for he knew too well how much
was involved in that; and, " to buy his peace,"
as lawyers say, he agreed to take $4,000 instead
of asking for $6,000. He tells me, and I have
no doubt tells the gentleman, that $6,000 is
needed, and that ho ought to have it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stood that he would be entirely satisfied with
$4,000. And I will say that, instead of losing
anything by any controversy with me, he would
ccrtainly obtain an additional amount here by
getting into any such controversy. Will the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] con-
sent to modify the amendment by making the
amouut $4,000?
Mr. POLAND. No, sir.
Mr. PltUYN. Mr. Chairman, I move j>ro
forma to amend the amendment by making
the amount $7,-500. I am prepared to corrob-
orate in all substantial particulars the state-
ment made by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland.] It is quite impossible that
these collections can be taken care of for a less
sum than five or six thousand dollars. They
occupy the large hall of the Smithsonian Insti-
tion, the best part of the whole building. The
rent of such a room anywhere else in this city
would cost as much as the appropriation asked
for. If the gentleman from Illinois will agree
to an appropriation of $5,000, I will modify
my amendment so as to name that sum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
$4,000 is the usual appropriation', and I see no
reason why, in the present condition of our
finances, we should increase it.
Mr. PRUYN. I withdraw my amendment;
1 but I hope the committee will agree to vote at
I least $0,000 for this purpose. . _
! Mr. SELYE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
j oppose the amendment. I would like to know
of what this institution consists. I would like
the gentleman from New lork [Mr. PllUYN]
or the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. 1 oland ]
to tell us how many of his constituents ever
saw this institution, or ever will see it, or ever
want to see it? [Laughter.] It is enough to
make any man or woman sick to visit that in-
stitution. [Laughter.] No one can expect
to get any benefit from it. I am opposed, sir,
to taxing my constituents $7,000 a year to keep
up any such institution.
Mr. POLAND. In accordance with what
