THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
ions of the Constitution relating to impeach-
ment. The power of removal is expressly
conferred by the Constitution only in cases of
impeachment, and then upon the Senate, and
not upon the President. The electors may
elect a President and Vice President, but the
Senate only can remove them. The President
and the Senate can appoint judges, but the
Senate only can remove them. These are the
constitutional officers, and their tenure and
mode of removal is fixed by the Constitution.
Allother officers are created by law. Their
duties are defined, their pay is prescribed, and
their tenure and mode and manner of removal
may be regulated by law.
The sole power of the President conferred by
the Constitution as to officers of the Govern-
ment is the power to appoint, and that must be
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. Does the power of appointment imply
the power of removal? It is conferred by two
clauses of section two of article two of the
Constitution, as follows:
"He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senato, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided tor, and which shall be established by law;
but the Congress may by law vest the appointment
ol such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments.
"The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate by granting commissions which shall exffere
at the end of their next session."
If the power to remove is incident to the
power to appoint, it can only be coextensive
with the power to appoint. In that case, during
the session of the Senate, the removal must be
"by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate." By any other construction the im-
plied power would defeat the express power.
In all arguments on this subject it is assumed
that the power to remove an officer must exist
somewhere; that removal by impeachment
could not have been intended to be the only
mode of removing an officer, and therefore the
power to remove must, from the necessity of
its exercise, be held to exist in some Depart-
ment of the Government, and must be implied
from some express grant of power. By this
reasoning some have implied the power to re-
move from the power to appoint, and a dis-
tinction has been made between a removal
during the session of the Senate and one made
during the recess. If the power to remove is
derived from the power to appoint, then the
President during the recess may exercise it,
and may then fill the vacancy by a temporary
appointment. But, if this argument is tenable,
he cannot remove an officer during the session
of the Senate without they consent. Then they
share with him in the power to appoint, and
in all the power that is derived from the power
to appoint. Therefore, the removal of one
officer during the session of the Senate, except
in and by the appointment of another, or by
the consent of the Senate, would be clearly
unconstitutional, unless the power to remove
is derived from some other than the appoint-
ing power.
In this case the removal of Mr. Stanton is not
claimed by the President to be derived from
the appointing power; but it is asserted as a
distinct exercise of an independent constitu-
tional and legal power incident to his executi've
ollice or conferred upon it by law. In the
early discussions on this subject, especially by
Mr. Madison, the alleged power of the Presi-
dent to remove all officers atpleasure was based
upon the general clauses already quoted con-
ferring executive authority. If this is tenable
all limitations upon his power of removal are
unconstitutional. A constitutional power can
only be limited by the Constitution, and yet
Congress bus repeatedly limited and regulated
the lemoval of officers. Officers of the Army
and Navy can only be removed upon convic-
tion by court- martial; in some eases the assent
of the Senate is required, and ill others the ten- !
ure of office is fixed for a term of years. A
careful examination of the debate of 1789 on
the organization of the Executive Departments
will show that while a majority of the House
decided that the power of removal was with the
President yet they were not agreed upon the
basis of this power. The debate was only as
to heads of Departments, as to whom there are
peculiar reasons why they should only hold
their offices at the pleasure of the President.
The Government was new ; thePresidentcom-
manded the entire confidence of all classes and
parties, and the wisest could not then foresee
the rapid and vast extension in territory and
population of the new nation, making neces-
sary a multitude of new offices, and increasing
to a dangerous degree the power, patronage,
and influence inherent in the executive office.
Who can believe that if the great men who
were then willing that Washington should re-
move his heads of Departments at pleasure
could have foreseen the dangerous growth of
executive power would have been willing by
mere inference to extend his power so as to
remove at pleasure all executive officers. This
power unrestricted and unlimited by law is
greater and more dangerous than all the exec-
utive authority conferred upon the President
by express grant of the Constitution. His
command of the Army and Navy is limited by
the power of Congress tb raise armies and
navies, to declare war, and to make rules and
regulations for the government of the Army
and Navy. His power to pardon is limited to
cases other than of impeachment. His power to
appoint officers and make treaties is limited by
the consent of the Senate. Surely when these
express powers, far less important, are so care-
fully limited by the Constitution, an implied
power to remove at pleasure the multitude of
officers created by law cannot be inferred from
that instrument. If so the implied power
swallows up aud overshadows all that are ex-
pressly given. What need he care for the Sen-
ate wherf he may remove in a moment, without
cause,"all officers appointed with their consent?
What need he care for the law when all the
officers of the law are instruments of his will,
holding office, not under the tenure of the law,
but at his pleasure alone V The logical effect
of this power, if admitted to exist under and
by virtue of the Constitution, is revolution.
However much respect is due to the decision
of the first Congress, yet the actual working of
civil government is a safer guide than the
reasoning of the wisest men unaided by ex-
perience.
Their judgment that the head of a Depart-
ment should be temovable by the President
may be wise, but the power to remove is not
conferred by the Constitution, but, like the
office itself, is to be conferred, created, eon-
trolled, limited, and enforced by the law.. That
such was the judgment of Marshall, Kent,
Story, McLean, Webster, Calhoun, and other
eminent jurists and statesmen, is shown by
their opinions quoted in the argument; but
they regarded the legislative construction as
controlling for the time the natural and proper
construction of the Constitution. The legisla-
tive construction given by the first Congress
has been gradually changed. Army and Navy
officers have long been placed beyond the un-
limited power of the President. Postmasters
and others have a fixed term of office. Various
legislative limitations have been put upon the
power and mode of removal. The Comptroller
of the Currency holds his office for five years,
and can only be removed by the President
upon reasons to be communicated to the Sen-
ate. Finally, when the derangement of the
revenue service became imminent, and the
abuse of the power of removal produced a dis-
graceful scramble for office, the legislative
authority asserted its power to regulate the
tenure of civil offices by the passage, 011 the I
2d of March, 1807, of the tenure-of-civil-office ,
act. That this measure is constitutional, and j
that it is in the highest degree expedient, we i
have asserted by our vote for the law. The j
President had the right to aemaudof us a review i
of this opinion under,the sanction of the special
oath we hare taken. Aided by the very able
argument in this cause, and by & careful review
of the authorities, I am still of the opinion that
the Constitution does no.t confer upon tile
President as a part of or as incident to his
executive authority the power to remove an
officer, but that the removal of an officer, like
the creation of an office, is the subject of legisla-
tive authority, to be exercised in each particular
case in accordance with the law.
I therefore regard the tenure-of-office act as
constitutional and as binding upon the Presi-
dent to the same extent as if it had been
approved by him. He has no more right to
disregard the law passed according to the Con-
stitution without his assent than a Senator
could disregard it if passed without his vote.
The veto power is a vast addition to executive
authority, and experience has shown the neces-
sity to limit rather than extend it. But, if in
addition to his veto power he may still disre-
gard a law passed over it, or discriminate
against such a law, his veto becomes absolute.
No such doctrine is consistent with a repub-
lican form of government. The law, when
passed in the mode prescribed, must be binding
on all or on none. He who violates it violates
it at his peril. If, therefore, the removal of
Mr. Stanton is within the penal clauses of that
act the President is guilty not only of-an
impeachable but an indictable offense. He
cannot excuse himself by showing that he
believed it unconstitutional, or that he was
advised that it was unconstitutional. If a cit-
izen assumes that an act is unconstitutional
and violates it he does it at his peril. He may
on his trial assert its unconstitutionality, and
if the court «f last resort in his case pronounces
the law unconstitutional he will be acquitted.
He takes that risk at his peril. If the law is
held constitutional his belief to the contrary
will not acquit him. Ignorance of the law does
not excuse crime, and he who undertakes to
violate it on the pretense that it is unconstitu-
tional—thus setting up his opinions against that
of the law-making power—must take the con-
sequences of his crime.
The same rule applies much stronger to the
President when he violates a law on the claim
that it is unconstitutional. He is not only
bound to obey the law, but he is sworn to exe-
cute the-law. In resisting it he violates his
duty as a citizen and his oath as an officer.
If he may protect himself by an honest opinion
of its unconstitutionality, then all his responsi-
bility ceases. lie may assert it on his trial like
all other persons accused of crime, but the
court having final jurisdiction of his ease must
decide this question like all others, and if that
court affirms the law his guilt is complete.
In this case the President knewthat a breach
of this law by him could only be tried by the
Senate. His pardoning power exempts him.
from all punishment, except by and after im-
peachment. His case can only be tried by the
Senate, and it is a court of last resort. His
violation of this law might enable others to get
the opinion of the Supreme Ceurt, by creating
rights or claims to office ; but his offense could
not be tried before the Supreme Court, but
must be tried before a court that in its legisla-
tive and executive capacity had already thrica
considered this law and held it valid. A vio-
lation of it, then, on the pretext o. its unconsti-
tutionality, would be in the face of these well-
considered judgments of the court that alona
was competent to try his cause, and would be
in the highest sense willful, deliberate, and pre-
meditated.
It remains to consider whether, under the
law as it existed on the 21st of February, 18G8,
the removal of Mr. Stanton was authorized,
and this involves only the construction of two
acts, namely:
1. The act entitled "An act to establish an
executive Department, to be denominated the
Department of War," approved August 7,
1789; and
2. The act of March 2, 1867, entitled " An
act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices." ,
