3530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'June 26,
the tax upon deposits, to double the tax upon
Government deposits, and to make the banks
pay three percent. As to Government deposits
i have nothing to say. It is for the Secretary
ot' the Treasury to make such arrangements as
he thinks will behest for the interests of the
country. If he thinks he can get three per
cent, it is very well. He cannot get four per
cent. lie cannot manage to get five. If the
banks are to pay at the rate the committee
recommend it will be impossible for them to
pay the tax upon the Government deposits.
Therefore, if the Secretary of the Treasury is
now getting, as I understand, in certain quar-
ters interest upon Government deposits, the
effect of this will be only to reduce the interest.
Now, as to the local banks in New York : in
the town in which I live the local tax is from
three and a half to four per cent, and the tax
for Government, and local purposes is from six
to eight, and sometimes rans up to ten percent.
The effect of this legislation upon the banks
will be to drive them there to reorganize under
the general hanking law ofNewYork. Some
have contemplated this during the past year.
They will do better under the general banking
law of New York than under the law of Con-
gress. For the reasons assigned by my col-
league T hope this provision will be stricken out.
Mr. ING15US0LL. I wish to state there
is no law compelling the banks to receive
deposits from the Government. It is at their
option. If they do not wish to do so they
need not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
asked to yield to the gentleman from Ohio, who
wishes to correct some figures. I yield if it
does not come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It will come out of the
gentleman's time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move,
on page 129, to strike out the words "beyond
the average amount invested in United States
bonds." Those words in this bill exceptUni-
tcd States bonds held by the banks as part, of
their capital from taxation, and allow the hanks
by investing their capital in United States bonds
so far to escape taxation. Therefore I desire,
if we can, to meet thequestion whether weshall
begin to tax these United States bonds in the
hands of these institutions. I desire to test
the sense of the House on this proposition
precisely.
Mr. Chairman, we have come nowtoa place
where we can try the question nakedly and
alone, how much we have of real meaning when
we say we are in favor of taxing bonds.
Air. PRUYN. They are taxed as part of the
capital.
Air. BUTLHlt, ot Massachusetts. If they
are then this will not do any harm. This bill
provides taxation only of the capital invested
beyond the average amount invested in United
States bonds. By striking out these words we
allow capital invested in United States bonds
to be taxed. When the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Maine was before this House this
morning we found ninety-eight members voted
against any proposition to tax United States
bonds; but I observed they all voted on a side
issue, which might not involve the main one.
I >vish nowto make the taxingof United States
bonds held by banks the straight issue, bold,
direct. I do not mean, if I can help it, to
have any doubt what the question is; but it
(*halt go out as the voice of this House whether
we are willing or not to tax United States bonds
in the hands of banks, for if you will not tax
them in the hands of banks you will not tax
them anywhere. There are no widows and
orphans or savings institutions here now on
which to avoid the question—none of that
dodge. Plain cold steel, gentlemen ; walk up to
it. Let us have it understood. Let us plainly
ascertain what the majority of the House mean
to do on this question. I want gentlemen to
understand distinctly what we are about. There
is no double meaning here; no shelter. Any
gentleman who votes against this amendment
votes not to begin here when he has a ehance
to tax United States bonds. Any one who votes
for this amendment votes to begin to tax United
States bonds and relieve the industry of the
country of its burdens. Who votes against it,
votes to allow the bondholder to hold his bonds
without bearing his proportion of the public
burden.
Mr. BENTON. I rise not for the purpose
of opposing the amendment, but 
Mr. POMEROY. 1 rise to oppose the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to oppose th&amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pomeroy.]
The CHAIRMAN. That is not pending.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee will rec-
ollect when this subject was under discussion
in the old bill I was unfortunate in not being
able to take part in the discussion, being chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole. Now,
when I took the floor this morning I begged
of the committee before proceeding to amend
this section, to vote upon the question whether
they would entertain the subject of bank taxa-
tion in the manner in which it has been brought
before the committee, as an addition to this
bill in relation to the tax on distilled spirits
and tobacco. Now, sir, I impugn the motives
of no person connected with the resolution
instructing the Committee of Ways and Means.
It was properly introduced, and was properly
passed; but I say it was done at a time in the
morning immediately after the reading of the
Journal, when gentlemen were crowding around
the desk with resolutions and other matters
which they were eager to have introduced, and
in the confusion few members knew what the
resolution meant. Now, I attack no man's
motive. The committee are technically right
in reporting this bill. But I submit, as a ques-
tion of courtesy to the House, whether we
should still continue to consider in connection
with whisky and tobacco, a subject so highly
incongruous as that of the taxation of banks.
Now, sir, I call the attention of the com-
mittee to the extent to which the banks are now
taxed. There is already a license tax on banks
of two dollars per thousand. There is an
additional tax of five per cent, on profits.
There is a tax on circulation of one per cent,
per annum. There is a tax of one half per
cent, on deposits. Then there is in addition
to all this a tax for the whole band of Depart-
ment detectives who are constantly traveling
over the country examining into the condition
of the banks, whose expenses and salaries the
banks have to pay. In addition to that there
is no interest ill the United States which, for
local purposes, is taxed as clean and hard as
that ot banks. Their capital is known in every
locality, and the tax which is assessed upon
that capital is collected.
Now, I have no reason to believe that the
taxes on banks in my locality are any more
severe than those of the average of the country
banks. Under existing law the tax is over six
per cent, on the cash capital in central and
western New York. And yet that tax is paid,
and there is no pretense of fraud on the part
of any of those institutions in the payment of
their taxes. Now these banks are dragged
into this bill for the purpose of having^an
additional tax imposed upon them. Under
this bill you propose to tax their circulation
$6,000,000, being an increase of §3,000,000.
You propose a tax on individual deposits of
$5,287,794, being an increase of $2,643,880.
You propose to tax Government deposits
$728,750, being an increase of $007,292. I
make this calculation on the basis of the bank
returns in April last, at a period of the year
when the deposits are ordinarily the lowest. I
make the_aggregate increase of tax on banks
$0,2ol,1 t'Z over the present tax imposed bv
the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. I move to strike out the
last word. As I understand it the objection
made to the introduction of the sections in this
bill in reference to banks is that it was not
understood by members when the resolution
of instruction was passed that this subject was
included. Bat I presume the resolution is to
be treated like other resolutions _ introduced
and passed without objection. It is not to be
presumed that a resolution of this importance,
introduced in the business hours of the House,
is to be smuggled through without the notice or
attention of this body. I think that would be
a pretty extreme presumption for any man to
make here. I take it, then, that this subject
was properly enough before the Committee of
Ways and Means, and that they have properly-
enough reported thia section to the House. I
go further, and I take the ground that if there
is any interest in this country that can afford
to bear its share of the burdens of taxation it
is the very interest now under consideration,
the banking interest of this country. It has
been demonstrated here to my satisfaction, and
I believe to the satisfaction of the majority of
the House, that larger profits are made in the
banking business in this country than in any
other business. Gentlemen talk here about
the depressed condition of the banks. Why,
sir, it has been stated upon this floor over and
over again that they make from fifteen to
eighteen or twenty per cent, profit annually,
and no man has stood up here and introduced
any figures or facts or arguments to refute the
statements made by those who claim that these
enormous profits are made by the banks. I
believe that the country banks make much less
profit than the city banks, which are favored
with large deposits. I think the taxation pro-
posed to be imposed on deposits is too small,
it ought to be increased, and, perhaps, the tax:
on circulation should be diminished, because
the country banks are almost entirely deprived
of any advantage from deposits, and their cir-
culation is what they have to rely on for their
profit, and it is for the accommodation of the
people.
[ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that upon this sec-
tion the gentleman from Massachusetts will sea
the advantage of obtaining a more direct vote
than his proposition would indicate. I offer
the following amendment:
After the word "bonds." in the eighteenth line,
insert the following:
And a tax of sixteen and two thirds per cent, on
the interest annually accruing on the bonds pf the
Unito.i States held or deposited by such bank, with
the Treasurer of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment presents the
question directly whether the committee intend
to impose any tax on bonds held by the national
banks or not. Heretofore the Committee of
the Whole have decided that the bonds shall
not be taxed for any purpose. But the ques-
tion is now, shall these bonds held by the banks
be taxed. The proposition that these banks,
are overtaxed, so urgently pressed by the friends
of the banks is the most remarkable proposi-
tions ever submitted to a body of intelligent
gentlemen. The banks overtaxed ! Here are
the banks with near eight hundred million
dollars capital, having $360,000,000 of bonds,
$300,000,000 of circulation, and $70,000,000
of surplus fund, and gentlemen come forward
here with figures to show the large taxes they
pay. Certainly they do pay very considerable
taxes ; but they have near eight hundred mil-
lion dollars of capital on which those taxes are
to be paid. So that when gentlemen talk of
the enormous sums paid, they should take
into consideration the enormous capital and
the unexampled privileges possessed by these
banks. They should consider the power of
these banks, not only of controlling the entire
moneyed affairs of the country, but of reaping
unexampled profits. The entire tax proposed
by this bill on the circulation of the banks is
tvvo per cent.; this, with the amount paid for
license for banking, say $200 a year, and one
half of one per cent, on their surplus capital,
is the tax they pay. They pay on their indi-
vidual deposits the small tax of one half of
one per cent., but this has no connection with
their circulation. They pay these ineonsid-
