2506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18^,
order of business.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Committee
on Appropriations be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of Senate bill No. 170, to
provide for deficiency of expenses incurred in
the survey of Indian reservations, and that it
be taken up for consideration. I have con-
versed with the chairman of that committee.
He is not now iu his seat; but the committee
have considered it informally, and there is no
objection in that committee—as I learn from
him and other members of the committee—to
the passage of the bill; and some of my con-
stituents are very much interested in it, and I
should be very glad if the Senate would con-
sent to take it up.
• The PRESlDJSNT^iro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to take
it up at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to present
some memorials.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not object to memo-
rials coming in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object. Let us go on
with the regular order of business. We shall
get along faster by adhering to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One objec-
tion carries it over at this time.
Mr. HARLAN. Would not my motion to
discharge the committee be in order?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
after the morning business is through. By a
new rule the morning business must be taken
in its order.
laws of colorado.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the laws passed by the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Colorado ; which
were referred to the Committee on Territories.
leave of absence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am requested by the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr.giiimes,] whoisabsent
from illness, to move that he have indefinite
leave of absence, as the period of his ability
to return to the service of the Senate is uncer-
tain. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that Mr. Grimes, the Senator from Iowa, have
indefinite leave of absence.
Mr. CONNESS. Is that in order until peti-
tions are disposed of?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question of
privilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a
privileged question, I suppose.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of un-
derwriters and merchants of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, requesting that no means be adopted
by Congress to lessen the full efficiency of the
Coast Survey; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
He also presented four memorials of officers
of the Army, protesting against the passage of
the bill which deprives all retired officers of
the_ Army of their longevity or service rations;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CATTELL presented a memorial of
Robert Shoemaker, president of the Philadel-
phia Drug Exchange, praying the reduction of
the tax on distilled spirits to fifty cents per
gallon; which was referred to the'Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented five memorials
of underwriters and merchants of Portland,
Maine, protesting against the adoption of any
means that will lessen the efficiency of the
Coast Survey; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of the Wis-
consin River Valley railroad ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART presented the petition of
Valentine H. Voorhees, praying compensation
for services rendered as second lieutenant from
March 1 to November 30, 1864; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY presented the memorial of
Joseph Nock, praying the passage of a law
requiring all patentees and assignees of patents
to cause to be stamped or engraved on every
patented article offered for sale the date of the
patent; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CONNESS presented a petition of citi-
zens of California, praying for an extension of
mail route No. 14725 from Havilah to Inde-
pendence, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, in favor of the estab-
lishment of atri-weekly mail route from Cheys-
tal Peak, Nevada, to Summit, in California ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, praying that the lands of
the Mendocino Indian reservation may be sub-
ject to settlement and preemption ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
Robert Gibson, praying compensation for sub-
sistence stores supplied to the Army of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
George Sibbald, asking an appropriation to
aid him in testing an invention in the nature
of a caloric engine ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Catharina
Eckhardt, praying that her eldest daughter be
admitted to the benefit of the pension act of
July 25, I860 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Washington, praying for the appointment of a
board of colored commissioners of education ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
bills introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 483) relative to the repayment of fees paid
on canceled homestead entries; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution, re-
ceived from the House of Representatives, were
severally read by their titles and referred as
indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 237) to revive and ex-
tend certain acts of Congress relative to land
claims in the State of Missouri—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 1075) to authorize adju-
dication of claim No. 45 in the report of the
surveyor general of the Territory of New Mex-
ico—to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 1080) for the relief of
Edward B. Allen—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of
Robert L. Lindsay—to the Committee on
Claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 266) to
authorize the enlargement of the Hygeia Hotel
at Fortress Monroe—to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
william m'garrahan.
The bill (II. R. No. 65) for the relief of
William McGarrahan was read twice by its
title.
Mr. STEWART. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that bill will go to
the Committee on Priv.ate Land Claims. The
bill relates to a certain Mexican grant in the
State of California. It is a private question
in all respects. Besides, the Committee on
Private Land Claims is composed in part of
some of the most distinguished lawyers in this
body. If some of them were not present, I
would mention their names. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims
Mr. STEWART. I hope that that motion
will not prevail, because this case involves the
review of a decision of the Supreme Court.
The bill came from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in the House of Representatives, and it
seems to me very proper that it should be ex-
amined by the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate. No doubt there are some very good
lawyers upon the Committee on Private Land
Claims; but the questions to be determined in
this matter are of a legal character, and were
examined in the House by the Committee on
the Judiciary. I think that the Committee on
the Judiciary of the Senate is the proper com-
mittee to take jurisdiction of it.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I regret
that my friend from Nevada insists on se'nding
this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary. It
is a question upon the merits of which I will
say that I have not come to any opinion what-
ever, and I only desire that it shall have the
fullest and most thorough investigation; and
according as the committee to which it shall be
sent shall report so shall be my vote upon it.
My friend, I understand, is very directly and
positively against the bill, and he proposes to
send itto a committee of whichhe isa member.
I hardly think that that is just the thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
California be kind enough to state again what
the bill is?
Mr. CONNESS. It is a bill for the relief of
Mr. McGarrahan. involving the title to a Mex-
ican grant in the State of California. The case
has gone through the courts, and a decision
has been made against the title represented by
the party in whose favor this bill is. I was
under the impression when that decision was
made that it was a righteous one; I do not
know to the contrary now; but Mr. MrGar-
rahan comes to Congress claiming that he has
been very badly treated in the case, and that
the facts, when fully investigated, show that
his title was a good one; and he asks to be
allowed to perfect his title by paying the Gov-
ernment of the United States $1 25 an acre for
the amount of land within the grant; and upon
its reference to the Judiciary Committee of the
House and full investigation that body passed
the bill. Knowing that the Judiciary Com-
mittee of this body has a great deal of work to
do, and knowing also that there is a Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims in this body,
which has for its members such Senators a3
the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
and my friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,]
and the Senator from Michigan, now absent.
[Mr. Howard,] and believing that they will
give it a close, thorough, and full investigation.
I prefer its reference there, not because my
friend from Nevada belongs to the Judiciary
Committee and may vote against the bill. I
say that in justice to him, for I have no feeling
on that subject; but I wish the reference to the
Committee ou Private Land Claims, because I
believe it will get there such an investigation
within a reasonable time as it ought to have.
Besides, I think my friend ought to allow the
Senators from the State of California to Lave
something to say about their own business.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
propg*CTo interfere with any jurisdiction of my
from California, and I do not wish to be
r aced in a position of desiring to bring before
he Judiciary Committee, or any committee of
which I am a member, a measure to which 1
™ thoroughly opposed. The Senator has
truly stated that I am opposed to this bill,
thoroughly opposed to it, believing that the
Supreme Court was entirely right; but my rea-
son for making the motion to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary is this: it is a
I11'1, for the relief of \\ illiaru McGarrahan, not
indicating at all by its title the nature of the
