1.868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3531
erable taxes while the whole country is laboring
under heavy taxation, more on an average than
two per cent, without any privileges from the
Government. They pay less on their capital
than any other business of the country pays, and
yet you have graciously and freely given them
$300,000,000 of capital. A small capital of
$60,000,000 excited the apprehensions of An-
drew Jackson, but he could scarcely have com-
prehended the power of $800,000,000 of united
capital. Talk about the excessive taxation of
the banks! Their power even in this Congress is
illustrated in being able to command such argu-
ments in their defense. Their power is not easily
resisted, however virtuous may be the intentions
of the gentlemen. Who has not seen the effects
of the blandishments of wealth and power?
You pay them their six per cent, interest in
gold upon their bonds, purchased with paper
greatly under par ; you keep their bonds safely
at the risk of the Government; you give them
$300,000,000 of money and guarantee its sol-
vency—money which they loan to your citizens
at from six to fifteen per cent, interest; you
have enabled them, after making large divi-
dends annually, to accumulate $70,000,000 of
surplus fund in three years ; and now, when,
for all these extraordinary bounties, you pro-
pose to increase the tax on their circulation
from one to two per cent, and impose one per
cent, only on their bonds, which is sixteen and
two thirds per cent, on the interest, their indig-
nation is actually unbounded. I affirm that there
is no interest in this nation that is so lightly
taxed, considering the amount of capital in-
volved, as the banks, without reference to the
enormous privileges and exemptions which
they enjoy under our legislation. The Gov-
ernment, for their $300,000,000 of bonds, gives
these banks $300,000,000 of currency, actually
makes the money for them and pays the sala-
ries of the officers who manage their bureau,
and on this they are now paying but one per
cent.; and when a proposition is made to in-
crease the taxation to two per cent., the whole
financial interests of the country seem to be
brought to bear to defeat it.
I trust, Mr. Chairman, that this question
will not be dodged. If gentlemen intend in
good faith to tax the securities, here is the
place to begin to tax them—in the hands of
the bankers, persons who of all others are most
able to pay taxes, and on whom, in view of the
extraordinary benefits you have conferred, you
may most justly impose a reasonable tax. I
trust the gentleman from Massachusetts will
withdraw his amendment so that the question
on this proposition may be directly taken. If
we strike out the words which the gentleman
proposes to strike out, the banks will still pay
no tax on their bonds, the tax must be directly
imposed or not at all. Those words stricken
out, and the banks are still exempt from this
taxation. If the voice of the country is heard,
these bonds, especially in the hands of the
banks will be taxed. If the intelligent con-
victions of the whole land are to control the
action of Congress, these banks will be re-
quired to pay a tax, not simply in proportion
to their wealth, but in proportion to the* enor-
mous bonus which they realize under the re-
markable system of legislation which we have
heretofore adopted. Capitalists should con-
sider that a free people will not patiently sub-
mit either to great inequality of taxation or
to extraordinary favoritism in legislation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE. Mr. Chairman, I would not say
a word on this subject, but that I desire to call
attention to one effect which I fear this legis-
lation would produce upon the banks, partic-
ularly in my own section of the country—a
matter which I have not thus far heard men-
tioned in this debate, I fear that if this addi-
tional tax be imposed upon the banks its effect
will be to drive money in large amounts to the
great cities, rendering the money market more
stringent in the interior cities of the West. _ If
this should be the effect, then such legislation
will injure instead of benefiting the class of
persons whose interacts, as I understand the
arguments of gentlemen favoring the proposi-
tion, it is intended to advance.
Every person conversant with the method of
moving the produce of the West to market
knows that the price of that product is affected
one, two, and three per cent, by the condition
of the money market; that the price of the
grain that must be moved to the East is not
only regulated by the demand and supply, but
is also affected to the extent of one, two, and
three per cent, by the amount of money that
is on hand to move it, the rate of interest, and
the readiness with which money accommoda-
tions can be secured. Now, one of the evils,
as I understand, of our present financial con-
dition, is that in the great money centers, in
the large cities, there is a surplus of capital,
while in the West and in the interior there is
a stringent money market. If this increased
tax upon circulation and deposits will, as I
think it will, bear so heavily -upon the smaller
banks of the West as to promote the still
further accumulation of money in the large
centers and render the money market more
stringent in the West, then the class of persons
intended to be benefited—the laborer, the
farmer, the producer, whose taxes this propo-
sition is intended to lighten by imposing addi-
tional taxes upon the banks—will be subjected
to an increased burden by reason of the de-
creased price which they will get for their prod-
ucts. To this single consideration I wished
to call the attention of the committee. I yield
the remainder of my time to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say only a few words, principally in reply to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
lek,] who challenges to a cold-steel encoun-
ter the advocates of the proposition to strike
out this section. He maintains that inasmuch
as the banks pay no interest upon their bonds
there must be some kind of war instituted to
bring them to that point. I would like to
know whether the gentleman lias ever con-
sidered this question: when a corporation puts
$100,000 worth of bonds into the Treasury of
the United States, taking out $90,000 of cir-
culation, and is taxed ujpon that $>90,000 one
per cent, under the old law, or two per cent.,
as this bill proposes, does not the bank pay a
tax on the bonds it puts in there? It holds
the circulation in lieu of the bonds, and in that
way pays tax upon the bonds. This idea does
not seem to have occurred to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; it
never did.
Mr. PRICE. Well, that is honest. The
gentleman says it never has occurred to him.
So I was right in my impression. I presume
the gentleman will now change his opinion in
reference to this matter. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, when inter-
rogated as to the increase of taxation contem-
plated by this section, stated it at about four
million dollars. My friend from New York
[Mr. Pomeroy] has demonstrated, as I think
conclusively, that the amount of increase will
be over six million dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on Mr. HolMan's
amendment to the amendment, it was not
agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] for the purpose of making
one or two statements in relation to the taxation
of United States bonds. There seems to be a
little difficulty about this matter of taxation.
When I introduced the proposition this morn-
ing it was not in order because of some rule
or other; and ninety-eight gentlemen, it seems,
either because they were really opposed to
it or for the laudable purpose of upholding
the rule, concluded to vote against my prop-
osition. It seems now that propositions relat-
ing to the banks are in order, because during
the morning hour, or at some other time,
a resolution was, in some surreptitious way,
adopted instructing the Committee of Ways
and Means to embrace this subject in the bill.
And yet it is complained that banks ought not
to be taxed, even if in order, because the order
itself ought not to have been adopted.
_ But I do not propose to discuss bank taxa-
tion just now. I wish to call the attention of
the House to a more important matter, and as
this House is at least three fourths Republican
I desire to remind my party friends of the re-
sponsibility of the party legislation that falls
upon them. I presented this amendment this
morning, and it was based upon the reasons
which I beg leave to submit to the House :
Sep —. And be it further enacted, That upon all
interest arising from tho bonds of the United St3tes
there shall bo levied, collected, and paid a duty of
ten percent, on the amount of such interest, and the
Treasurer of the United States and suchsubordinate
officers as shall be charged with the payment of such
interest shall assess and collect the duty hereby
levied.
The reasons why I propose this method of
taxation are these:
1. It is the English method. We are ex-
ceedingly sensitive on this question of bond
taxation, and while many demand an unfriend ly
and au unreasonable rate of taxation as com-
pared with the taxation of other property,
there are others who shrink from all taxation
as if it where a species of repudiation. Pol
the benefit of such I cite the English example,
feeling satisfied that if we keep within the pale
of the present English law on the subject we
shall not lay ourselves liable to this charge.
The income statute of 5 Victoria is very
elaborate, occupying a hundred and twenty
pages, with minute details of different subjects
of taxations and modes of collection.
Schedule B provides that upon incomes from
landed estates—and from this source some of
the largest English incomes are derived—there
shall be levied "two and a half pence upon
every twenty shillings of value."
Schedule C is as follows :
"Upon all profits arising from annuities, dividend",
and shares of annuities payable to any person, bodv
politic or corporate, company or socioty, whether
corporate or not corporate, out of any publio rev-
enue, there shall becharged yearly for every twenty
shillings of the amount thereof the sum of seven
pence, without deduction."
During the Crimean war, in 1854, the tax was
increased fifty per cent., and in 1855 it was
again increased until it got to be sixteen penco
ou the debt and eleven and a half pence on
landed income. After that war it fell back and
was again increased last year in order to pay
the expenses of the Abyssinian war. During
the Napoleon wars the tax was two shillings in
the pound or ten per cent, of the amount of
interest. The mode of collection is provided
in sections twenty-four to twenty-eight inclu-
sive of the same act. Section twenty-four reads
as follows:
"Tho governor and directors of tho Bank of Eng-
land shall bo commissioners for executing this act,
for the purpose of assessing and charging the duties
hereby granted ia respect of all annuities, dividends,
and shares of annuities payable out of the revenue
of the United Kingdom to any persons, corporations,
or companies whatsoever, and which shall have been
intiusted to said governor and company for pay-
ment."
The other sections make similar provisions
in case of Bank of Ireland, South Sea Com-
pany, East India Company, and commission-
ers for the reduction of the public debt. The
effect of these English statutes is:
1. A larger tax is assessed upon the holders
of property in the public debt than upon the
holders of landed estates.
2. Every holder of the debt, whether resi-
dent in Great Britain or not, is assessed.
3. As a portion of the public debt of Eng-
land is in terminable annuities, to that extent
the principal of the debt is taxed, and that
whether the holder resides in Great Britain or
abroad. Leon Levi, one of the most. eminent
of Enalish writers on finance, mentions this
speciality of British taxation.
4. As the payment of the interest of the debt
is intrusled to the banks of England and Ire-
land, the East India and the South Sea Com-
