18(57.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
twice l'v its title, rvferred to the Committee on
Uu- .luduKuy. and ordered to bo printed.
Mr V, I l.M >N ;il-o asked, and by unanimous
I'l'-.i^eat o1.tamed. leave to introduce a bill |S.
IT.1 to facilitate the settlement ot the
iiei oants of dij-bursins* officers: which was read
twice hv its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
Imi' rilatins* to United States notes ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
.Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
iS. No. lt>l > to establish certain post roads in
the State of Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory: which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Ltoads.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution i S. R. No. 741 in relation to consular
appointments; which was read twice by its
tu.e, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
llKCONSTRrCTIOX ACTS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the consent of
the Senate to be allowed to offer an amend-
ment to the bill (S. No. 102' to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," passed
M-rch INm, and the several acts amenda-
tory thereto.
1hi- PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment may be received informally.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill to which the
amendment which I now present is proposed
was introduced by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. [Mr. Wilson".] I wish to have
this amendment referred to the Committee on
the .ludiciary and printed. It is very short,
but it contains a very important proposition.
In making this motion to refer I desire sim-
ply to state that the bill introduced by the
Senator from Massachusetts is probably one
ot' the most important bills which has been
presented at the present session, and is per-
haps tho most important bill that will come
belore Congress for con.-ideration at the pres-
ent SP~.Mon: a bill to amend the acts of recon-
struction as they are applicable to the States
of the South. The proposition offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts is a very import-
ant one, providing that the constitutions to be
adopted in those States shall be adopted, not
by a majority of the registered voters, but by
a majority of the actual voters. To that bill
1 propose an amendment in the shape of a
proviso, providing that the persons who do
not possess the qualifications required by the
laws and constitutions of the several States
previous to the rebellion, in order to be per-
mitted to vote ht any election for the ratifica-
tion of a constitution or of oilicers under it, shall
be po? c -=ed of one of the following qualifica-
t-oiif-: first, shall have served in the Army of
the United States for the period of one year
or more: or second, shall be possessed of
Hiliitieiit education to enable him to read the
Constitution of the United States, and to sub-
scribe his name to an oath to support the same ;
or third, shall be possessed of a freehold estate
in his own right or the right of his wife of the
value of 8230.
Mr. President, if the measure of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is to be pressed upon
the consideration of Congress, as I have no
doubt it is, this proviso is a very important one
to be adopted, which possibly might bring
peace to that distracted country if Congress
should be disposed to adopt it. I shall not now
go into the consideration of the question, but
1 simply state that I believe the bill offered by
him is very important. It anticipates a fact
which undoubtedly is likely to occur, that the
constitutions being formed are not to be adopted
by a majority of the registered voters. It is open-
ing the que-tion anew, and as a matter of course
when that question is reopened it is ull-import-
ant that Congress should take a position which
the people of the country will be able to sus-
tain. I move that my proposed amendment
be printed.
•The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON. Before the matter passes
from the Senate I wish simply to say that the
amendment I moved to the law, by the bill
referred to by the Senator from Wisconsin,
was merely to Strike out that very strange pro-
vision we put into the law requiring a majority
of all the voters registered to vote at the elec-
tions. I thought then it was a provision which
must operate against the friends of reconstruc-
tion, and it looked at one time as though it
would be fatal to immediate reconstruction in
some of the States. There are, however, nine
States that have voted for conventions and
have elected their delegates.
1 am satisfied that everything pertaining to
reconstruction has gone on exceedingly well,
tar better than any member of either House
had a right to expect; that the elections have
been fair and orderly, as much so as in the
other States ; that as a general rule the con-
ventions are conducting themselves quite as
well as other conventions do, and I have
undoubting faith that they will make good con-
stitutions and that those constitutions will be
adopted, whether we pass the amendatory bill
introduced by me or not. It is possible that
in one or two of the States the friends of
reconstruction may fail, but I doubt whether
they will fail in any.
1 have no doubt that before the close of this
session of Congress eight or nine of those
States wili be represented in both Houses.
The great measure of reconstruction needs no
essential change, especially in the direction
indicated by the Senator from Wisconsin. I
thought it was a great mistake to put in the
provision to which I have alluded, and I should
like to see it stricken out. It was my own
judgment also that it was a mistake to disfran-
chise anybody. I thought the amendment put
on the original bill by the House of Represent-
atives, which provided for disfranchisement
of a small class of persons, was a mistake,
and I have never entertained any other opinion
about it. I believe fully that that provision has
operated to prejudice people's minds against
the reconstruction measure; but the work of
reconstruction is going on, its success is a cer-
tainty, a fixed fact, is sure of triumph in spite
of all that may be done against it anywhere.
It is to me a matter of the most profound
gratification that the work is going on so well,
that it will be completed, that those States
will soon be represented in these Chambers;
and i hope the prosperity of that section of
the country, and the peace and repose of the
whole country, will follow and soon be manifest
to the people of all sections of the country and
all classes of the people.
Mr. CONNESS. I trust as this is a great
subject, and has been so called by both Sena-
tor.-., that they will be magnanimous enough to
allow other Senators to have something to say
about it and something to do with it, and that
the bill presented by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts will be allowed to come
up in its regular order for discussion, and come
here without being prejudged or the necessity
for it or the contrary declared by the eminent
author of the bill. This business is one indeed,
as they have stated, of great consequence, and
I feel a small degree of responsibility for the
vote that I cast on it. I shall be ready to
review the case and vote again when the ques-
tion comes up legitimately and the bill is under
consideration.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia certainly does not mean to say that I
have gone into a discussion of the merits of
the bill. I have simply said that it was a very
important measure, and I supposed that the
Senator from Massachusetts in introducing the
bill meant something. I do not know from the
purport of his present speech whether he really
means to insist upon the passage of his bill or
whether he means to abandon it. I supposed
that he was in earnest, that he meant some-
thing in introducing a bill so important; and
therefore taking him to be in earnest, as I sup-
posed he was, because I had a right to suppose
it, I am very much in earnest when I propose
this proviso to his bill. That is all I desired
to say, without discussing the merits of the
separate propositions. When that question
shall come legitimately before the Senate I
hope that I may have an opportunity to bo
heard, and certainly I have no desire to pre-
vent other Senators from being heard on the
question.
Mr. DAVIS. I think, Mr. President, that
much of the great good that has come to the
country in the last six months has resulted
from the previous great evil that had been
done. If it was my theory of morals that evil
should be done that good might come of it I
would want the bill to which the Senators havo
referred to pass. The great issue, and the
greatest issue that has ever been before the
people of the United States, is now looming
up in all of its grand proportions, and that is,
whether the Government of the United States
shall be a white man's Government or a negro
Government, and the thunders of the vast ma-
jority of the American people pronounced in
the recent elections have already decided that
question. Sir, the Government of this country
was made by white men, it has always con-
tinued to be a white man's Government from
the beginning, and will be to the end ; and
those who seek to establish a contrary power
of government in this country will find them-
selves crushed into dust. If the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts and the advo-
cates of negro government want that question
to be decided by the people unmistakably let
them bring out their Fred. Douglass as their
next candidate for the Presidency ; and where
would he and his followers, negroes or whites,
be? Driven like chaff before the whirlwind
of American indignation.
Sir, the people of America have'already
decided that a miserable white minority of less
than one fifth of thepeopleof the United States,
with all the negroes in it, shall never appoint
a President for the white men of the United
States. The white men of the United States
will rally in the proportion of three fourths or
four fifths of the white people of America to
decide this important point: that a negro
electoral vote, appointed by negro govern-
ments, forced by usurped power upon the peo-
ple of the southern States, shall never appoint
for them a President of the United States.
When the time comes and that grand issue is
to be met from North to South, from East to
West, in every part of the United States will
gather the white people, the hosts of the Cau-
casian race, and they will put this mushroom
negro power that has loomed up in such large
and monstrous proportions in the last year or
two under their feet, and its allies will be
driven into political and social nonentity. Sir,
if my desire for the overthrow of the Repub-
lican-Radical party, which is the strongest de-
sire that ever nestled in my bosom, was now
to guide my decisions I would wish that this
bill and every other atrocity to foist the negroes
into the mastery of our country and of our
Government should be brought up and passed
by the forms of law through Congress.
I hope that the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will press his measure. If the ma-
jority here are disposed to force it through the
Senate and the other House of Congress upon
the white people of America, I want it done.
That will be the great test, and I want that test
to come quickly, promptly. If I am to be a
slave with my white countrymen under tho
regime and the government that will thus bo
established I cannot know it too soon; but I
have no apprehension that that will ever be my
deplorable destiny.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, from the
remarks that have just fallen from the Senator
from Kentucky one would suppose who did not
know anything about tho fact that the Union
