THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
respectively for and (hiring the term of the President
by whom they may have been appointed and forone
month thereafter, subject, to removal by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate."
What is a fair and legal construction of this
section ? L irst. That the tenure of civil offices
generally should be left as in the original bill,
but a special provision should be made for the
tenure of heads of Departments. Second.
That the President appointing a head of a De-
partment should not, during his term, without
the consent of the Senate, remove him. Third.
Uiatafter thirty days from the expiration of
the term of the President who appointed a
head of a Department, the office of the latter
would expire by limitation. To this extent,
and to this extent alone, did the Senate con-
ferees agree to change the existing law. The
general clause prohibiting removals of civil
officers is confined to those who have been ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. The special clause prohibiting
removals of Cabinet officers is that those who
have been appointed by a President during
his term shall not be removed without the con-
sent of the Senate.
The distinction is kept up between heads of
Departments and other civil officers, and the
only limitation upon the power of the Presi-
dent already conferred by law is, that having
appointed such an officer he shall not remove
him during Jiis term, without the advice and
consent of the Senate. In all other respects
the law of 1789 remains unaltered.
Was, then, Mr. Stanton appointed by the
President during his term of office? If not,
he holds his office under his original commis-
sion and tenure, and not under this act. If
he is included in this act its effect is to declare
his office vacant April 4, 1865, for that was
thirty days after the expiration of the term of
the President who appointed him. No such
absurd purpose was intended. The plain pur-
pose was to leave him to stand upon his then
tenure and commission and to allow each Presi-
dent for each term to appoint his heads of De-
partments, with the consent of the Senate, and
to secure them in their tenure during that term
and thirty days thereafter, unless the Senate
sooner consented to their removal. If the pur-
pose was to protect Mr. Stanton against re-
moval why select the language that excludes
him ? He was not appointed by this President
nor during this presidential term. How easy,
if such was the purpose, to say that "heads
of Departments holding office or hereafter ap-
pointed should hold their offices," &c. To
hold that the words inserted were intended to
warn the President not to remove Mr. Stanton
upon peril of being convicted of a high misde-
meanor, is to punish the President as a crimi-
nal for the violation of a Delphic oracle. It
impugns the capacity of the conferees to ex-
press a plain idea in plain words.
1 can only say, as one of the Senate conferees
under the solemn obligations that now rest
upon us in construing this act, that 1 did not
understand it to include members of the Cab-
inet not appointed by the President, and that
it was with extreme reluctance and only to
secure the passage of the bill that, in the face
of the voles of the Senate, I agreed to the re-
port limiting at all the power of the President
to remove heads of Departments. What I
stated to the Senate is shown by your records.
Oneof'your conferees [Mr. Buckalew] refused
to agree to the report. Another [Mr. Wil-
liams] thought that a case of a Cabinet officer
refusing to resign when requested by the Pres-
ident was not likely to occur. I stated ex-
plicitly that the act as reported did not protect
from removal the members of the Cabinet ap-
pointed by Mr. Lincoln, that President John-
son might remove them at his pleasure; and I
named the Secretary of War as one that might
be removed. I yielded to the opinion of the
Senate tiiat no limitation should be made upon
the power of the President, to remove heads
of Departments solely to secure the passage
of the bill. I could not conceive a case wlierg
the Senate would require the President to pei-
fSl't'l'LKMHXT—2<J.
form his great executive office upon the. advice
and through heads of Departments personally
obnoxious to him, and whom he had not ap-
pointed, and, therefore, no such case was pro-
vided for. You did not. expressly assent to this
construction, but you did not dissent. If either
of you had dissented, I leave to each Senator to
say whether, in the face of his previous vote,
he would have approved the report. This con-
struction of the law, made when this proceed-
ing could not have been contemplated, when
the President and each member of his Cabinet
were supposed tft believe the act unconstitu-
tional, made here in the Senate as an explan-
ation for my yielding so much of your opinions,
is binding upon no one but myself. But can I,
who made it and declared it to you, and still
believe it to be the true and legal interpreta-
tion of those words, can I pronounce the Pres-
ident guilty of crime, and by that vote aid to
remove him from his high office for doing what
I declared aud still believe he had a legal right
to do ? God forbid!
A Roman emperor attained immortal infamy
by posting his laws above the reach of the
people and then punishing their violation as a
crime. An American Senator would excel
this refinement of tyranny, if, when passing a
law, he declared an act to be innocent, and
then as a judge punished the same act as a
crime. For this reason I could not vote for
the resolution of the 21st of February, and
cannot say "guilty" to these articles.
What the President did do in the removal
of Mr. Stanton he did under a power which
you repeatedly refused to take from the office
of the President—a power that has been held
by that officer since the formation of the Gov-
ernment, and is now limited only by the words
of an act the literal construction of which does
not include Mr. Stanton. This construction
was put upon the act by the Cabinet when it
was pending for the approval of the Piesident.
In my judgment it is not shaken by the ingen-
ious arguments of the Managers.
The original exception was in the body of
the section ; it was inserted by the conferees in
a modified form, as a proviso at the close of
the section. The first clause relates to all civil
officers, except heads of Departments. The
second clause relates to heads of Departments
and no other officers. The first clause ex-
pressly excepts the officers named in the pro-
viso, and also those described in the fourth
section. To consider both classes of officers
as within both clauses of the section is, it seems
to me, an unnatural and forced construction
of language, and certainly, when construed on
a criminal trial, is too doubtful upon which to
base criminal guilt.
It follows, that as Mr. Stanton is not protected
by the tenurc-of-civil-oflice act, his removal
rests upon the act of 1789, and he, according
to the terms of that act and of the commission
held by him, and in compliance with the nu-
1 merous precedents cited in this cause, was
lawfully removed by the President, and his j
removal not being contrary to the provisions ;
of the act of March 2, 1867, the first, fourth, j
filth, and sixth articles, based upon his removal, 1
must fail. |
The only question remaining in the fust |
eight articles is whether the appointment of j
General Thomas as Secretary of War ad In-
terim, as charged in the second, third, seventh, j
and eighth articles is in violation of the Con- j
stitution and the laws, and comes within the ;
penal clauses of the tenure-of-otlice act, and ;
was done with the intent alleged, if so, the i
President is guilty upon these articles. This,
depends upon the construction of the clauses j
of the Constitution already quoted and of the
several acts approved February 13, 1 705, Feb- ■
ruary 20, 1803, and the tenure-of-office act. j
Under the Constitution no appointment can !
be made by the President during the session 1
of the Senate, except by and with the advice ,j
and consent of the tjunate, unless of such infe-
xior officers as Congress may by law invest in !j
the President alone. II
By the act of February 13, 1795> it is pro-
vided—
"That in ease of vacancy in the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secre-
tary of the Department of War, or of any officer of
either of the said Departments whose appointment
is not in the head thereof, wherehy they cannot per-
form the duties of their said respective offices, itshail
be lawful for the President of the United States, in
case he shall think it necessary, to authorize any
person or persons, at his discretion, to perform tlio
duties of the said respective offices until a successor
be appointed or such vacancy be filled: Provided,
That no one vaeancy shall be supplied in maimer
aforesaid for a longer term than six months."
A grave question might arise whether this
act is constitutional; whether the head of a
Department is an officer whose appointment
even for a time might be delegated to the Pres-
ident alone during the session of the S'euate.
Its existence unrepealed would relieve the
President from all criminal fault in acting
upon it; but it is in derogation of the plain
constitutional right of the Senate to partici-
pate in all important appointments, and if
abused would utterly destroy their power. This
act applied only to the three Departments then
existing, and was only intended to apply to
vacancies existing, and not to vacancies to be
made. Its sole purpose was to provide for a
temporary vacancy until the constitutional
mode of appointment could be exercised, and
could not infringe upon or impair the right of
the Senate to participate in appointments, la
the Statutes-at-Large it is designated as " ob-
solete ;" and is, in fact, superseded by the act
approved February 20, 1863, (vol. 12, p. 656.)
This act, in its title, shows its plain object and
purpose. It is entitled "An act temporarily
to supply vacancies in the Executive Depart-
ments in certain cases." It provides—
"That in case of the death, *esignation, absence
from tlio seat of Government, or sicknessof the head
of any executive Department of the Government, or
of any officer of either of the said Departments whose
appointment is not in the head thereof, whereby they
cannot pertorm the duties of their respective offices,
it shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ize the head of any other executive Department, or
other officer in either of said Departments whose
appointment is vested in the President, at bis discre-
tion, to perform the duties of the said respective of-
fices until a successor be appointed, or until such
absence or inability by sickness shall cease: Pro-
vided,'Lhut no one vacancy shall be supplied in man-
ner aforesaid for a longer term than six months.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacicd. That all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed."
This act, together with the clause of the Con-
stitution providing for vacancies during the
recess, provides for all cases of' vacancy ex-
cept the one of removal during the session of
the Senate, and that is left to be exercised as
a part of the constitutional power of appoint-
ment by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. This act is complete in itself, aud
by its second section repeals the act of 1795,
and all other acts providing for temporary ap-
pointments. It is in harmony with the Con-
stitution, for it avoids the doubtful power con-
ferred by the act of 1795, of appointing a new
officer without the consent of the Senate, but
delegates to another officer, already confirmed
by the Senate, the power temporarily to per-
form the duties of the vacant place.
Under the authority of this act in the case
of the vacancies provided for the President
might have authorized the head of any other
executive Department to perform temporarily
the duties of Secretary of War, and the coun-
try would have had the responsibility of a high
officer already approved by the Senate, in
that event no new officer would have been ap-
pointed, no new salary conferred, no new ngent
of unauthorized power substituted in the place
of an officer of approved merit, no mere instru-
ment to execute executive will would have been
thrust in the face of the Senate during their
session, to hold the office in spite of the con-
stitutional power of the Senate and against
their advice and consent. Under this aot the
President had no more power to appoint Gen-
eral Thomas Secretary of Wat\«rZ interim than
he had to appoint any of the leadei s of the late
rebellion. General Thomas is an officer of the
