450
SUPPLEMENT TO
Army, subject to court-martial, and not an offi-
cer of the Department, or in any sense a civil
or Department officer.
'Did the act of March 2, 1867, confer this
authority? On the contrary, it plainly pro-
hibits all temporary appointments except as
specially provided for. The third section re-
peats the constitutional authority of the Presi-
dent to fill all vacancies happening during the
recess of the Senate by death or resignation;
and that if no appointment is made during the
following session to fill such vacancy, the office
shall remain in abeyance until an appointment
is duly made and confirmed; and provision is
made for the discharge of the duties of the
office in the mean time. The second section
provides for the suspension of an officer during
the recess, and for a temporary appointment
during ike recess. This power was exercised
and fully exhausted by the suspension of Mr.
Stanton until restored by the Senate, in com-
pliance with the law. N o authority whatever
is conferred by this act for any temporary ap-
pointment during the session of the Senate,
but, on the contrary, such an appointment is
plainly inconsistent with the act, and conld not
be inferred or implied from it. The sixth sec-
tion further provides:
' "Thatevory removal, appointment, or employment
made, had, or exercised contrary to the provisions
of this act, and the making,signing,sealing, counter-
signing, or issuing of any commission or letter of
authority for or in respet to any such appointment
or employment, shall be deemed, and are hereby
declared to be, high misdemeanors, and, upon trial
otid conviction thereof, every person guilty thereof
shall be punished by a fine not exceeding $10,000, or
by imprisonment not exceeding five years, or both
said punishments, in tho discretion of the court."
The language is plain, explicit, and was in-
serted not only, to prohibit all temporary
appointments except during the recess, and in
the mode provided for in tho second section,
but the unusual course was taken of affixing
a penalty to a law defining tho official duty of
the President. The original bill did not con-
tain penal clauses; but it was objected in the
Senate that the President had already disre-
garded mandatory provisions of the law, and
would this; and, therefore, after debate, these
penal sections were added to secure obedience
to the law and to give to it the highest sanction.
Was not this act willfully violated by the
President during the session of the Senate?
It appears from the letter of the President to
General Grant, from his conversation with
General Sherman, and from his answer, that
he bad formed a fixed resolve to get rid of Mr.
Stanton and fill the vacancy without the advice
of the Senate. He might have secured a new
Secretary of War by sending a proper nomina-
tion to the Senate. This he neglected and
refused to do. lie cannot allege that, the Sen-
ate refused to relieve him from an obnoxious
minister, lie could not say that the Senate
refused to confirm a proper appointee, for he
would make no appointment to them. The
Senate had declared that the reasons assigned
for suspending Mr. Stanton did not make the
case required by the tenure-of-office act, but 1
affirm as my conviction that the Senate would
have confirmed any one of a great number of
patriotic citizens if nominated to the Senate.
4 cannot resist the conclusion, from the evi-
dence before us, that he was resolved to obtain
a vacancy in the Department of War in such a
way that he might "fill tho vacancy by an ap-
pointment without the consent of the Senate
and in violation of the Constitution and the
law. This was the purpose of the offer to
General Sherman. This was the purpose of
the mppointment of General Thomas. If ho
had succeeded as lie hoped he could have
changed his temporary appointment at pleasure,
and thus have defied the authority of the Sen-
ate and the mandatory provisions of the Con-
stitution and the law. I cannot in any other
way account for his refusal to send a nomina-
tion to the Senate until after the appointment
of General Thomas. The removal of Mr.
Stanton by a new appointment, confirmed by
the Senate, would have complied with the
Constitution. The absolute removal of Mr.
Stanton would have created a temporary
vacancy, but the Senate was in session to share
in the appointment of another. An ad interim,
appointment without authority of law, during
the session of the Senate, would place the
Department of War at his control in defiance
of the Senate and the law, and would have set
an evil example, dangerous to the public
safety—one w-hich, if allowed to pass unchal-
lenged, would place the President above and
beyond the law. f
The claim now made that it was the sole de-
sire of the President to test the constitutionality
of the tenure-of-office act, is not supported by
reason or by proof. He might, in August last,
or at any time since, without an ad interim
appointment, have tested this law by a writ of
quo warranto. He might have done so by an
order of removal, and a refusal of Mr. Stan-
ton's requisitions. He might have done so by
assigning a head of a Department to the place
made vacant by the order of removal. Such
was not his purpose or expectation. He ex-
pected by the appointment of General Sherman
at once to get possession of the War Depart-
ment, so when General Thotnas was appointed
there was no suggestion of a suit at lav/ until
the unexpected resistance of Mr. Stanton, sup-
ported by the action of the Senate, indicated
that as the only way left.
Nor is this a minor and unimportant viola-
tion of law. If upon claim that the tenure-of-
office act was unconstitutional, he might re-
move an officer and place his instrument or
agent in possession of it, he might in the same
way and by the same means take possession
of ail the Executive Departments, of all the
bureaus, of the olliccs of the Auditors, Comp-
trollers, Treasurer, collectors, and assessors,
and thus control, by his will, tho purse and the
sword. He know that his power was contested,
and ho deiied it. It is clearly shown that, his
purpose was deliberately formed and deliber-
ately executed, and the means for its execution
were carefully selected. I therefore conclude
that the appointment of General Thomas was
a willful violation of the law in derogation of
the rights of the Senate, and that the charges
contained in the second, third, seventh, and
eighth articles are true.
The criminal intent alleged in the ninth
article is not sustained by the proof. All the
President did do in connection with General
Emory is reconcilable with bis innocence, and
therefore I cannot say he is guilty as charged
in this article.
The tenth article alleges intemperate speeches
improper and unbecoming a Chief Magistrate,
and the seditious arraignment of the legislative
branch of the Government. It does not allege
a specific violation of law, but only personal
and political offenses for which he has justly
forfeited the confidence of the people.
Am I, as a Senator, at liberty to decide this
cause against the President even if guilty of
such offenses. That a President in his personal
conduct may so demean himself by vice, gross
immorality, habitual intoxication, gross neg-
lect of official duties, or the tyrannous exercise
of power, as to justify his removal from office
is clear enough; but the Senate is bound to
take care that the offense is gross and palpable,
justifying in its enormity the application of the
strong words "high crime or misdemeanor."
And above all, we must guard against making
crimes out of mere political differences, or the
abuse of the treedom of speech, or of the ex-
hibition of personal weakness, wrath, or im-
becility. We do not confer the office of Presi-
dent, and inaynot take it away except for crime
or misdemeanor. The people alone may con-
vict and condcmn for such offenses. The Sen-
ate may not trespass upon the jurisdiction of
the people without itself being guilty of usurpa-
tion and tyranny. Better far to submit to a
temporary evil than to shalfe the foundations
of the civil superstructure established by the
Constitution by enlarging our jurisdiction so as
to punish by removal from office the utmost
latitude of discussion, crimination and recrim-
ination, which, so long as it is unaccompanied
by unlawful acts, is but the foolish vaporing of
liberty.
The House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress refused to rest an accusation
upon these speeches, and so of the present
House, until other acts of a different character
induced these articles of impeachment. We
must pass upon this article separately, and
upon it my judgment is that it does not allege
a crime or misdemeanor within the meaning
of the Constitution.
The great offense of the President consists
of his opposition, and thus far successful oppo-
sition, to the constitutional amendment pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, which,
approved by nearly all the loyal States, would,
if adopted, h-ave restored the rebel States, and
thus have strengthened andrestored theUnion
convulsed by civil war. Using the scaffoldings
of civil governments, formed by him in those
States without authority of law, be has de-
feated this amendment; has prolonged civil
strife ; postponed reconstruction and reunion;
and aroused again the spirit of rebellion over-
come and snbdued by war. He alone, of all
the citizens of the United States,'by the wise
provisions of the Constitution, is not to have a
voice in adopting amendments to the Consti-
tution ; and yet he, by the exercise of a bale-
ful influence and unauthorized power, has de-
feated an amendment demanded by the result
of the war. He has obstructed as far as he
could all the efforts of Congress to restore law
and civil government to the rebel States. He
has abandoned the party which trusted him
with power, and the principles so often avowed
by him which induced their trust.
Instead of cooperating with Congress, by
the execution of laws passed by it, he has
thwarted and delayed their execution, and
sought to bring the laws and the legislative
power into contempt. Armed by the Consti-
tution and the laws, with vast powers, he has
neglected to protect loyal people in the rebel
States, so that assassination is organized all
over those States, as a political power to mur-
der, banish, and maltreat loyal people, and to
destroy their property. All these he might
have ascribed to alleged want of power, or to
difference of opinion in questions of policy,
and for these reasons no such charges were
exhibited against him, though they affected the
peace and safety of the nation. When he adds
to those political offenses the willful violation
of a law by the appointment of a high officer
during the session of the Senate, and without
its consent, and with the palpable purpose to
gain possession of the Department of War,
for an indefinite time, a case is made not only
within the express language of the few a high
misdemeanor, but one which includes all the
elements of a crime, to wit: a violation of ex-
press law, willfully and deliberately done with
tlie intent to subvert the constitutional power
of the Senate, and having the evil effect of
placing in the hands of the President unlimited
power over all the officers of the Government.
This I understand to be the substance of the
eleventh article. It contains many allegations
which I regard in the nature of the induce-
ment, but it includes within it the charge of
the willful violation of law more specifically set
out in the second, third, seventh, and eighth
articles, and I shall therefore vote for it.
The power of impeachment of all the officers
of the Government, vested in the Senate of
the United States, is the highest trust reposed
in any branch of our Government. Its exer-
cise is indispensable at times to the safety of
the nation, while its abuse, especially under
political excitement, would subordinate the
executive and the judiciary to the legislative
department. The guards against such a result
are in the loye of justice inherent in the people
who would not tolerate an abuse of power, and
also in the solemn appeal each of us have made
to Almighty God to do impartial justice in this
cause. We dare not for any human consider-
