3582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
panies, and the commissioners for the reduc-
tion of the debt, the effect of putting_this tax
into their hands to assess and collect is nearly
the same as it would be in our case to deduct
it from the coupons. I have in my amend-
ment followed the idea of the British statute
and charged the Treasurer with these duties.
5. Schedule C provides for payment of tax
'• without deduction." , In case of other prop-
erty it is provided by the statute that income
up to a certain amount is not taxed. In our
case all incomes tinder $1,000 are not taxed.
The English limit is somewhat less.
It is evident that my proposition is clearly
within the English example. It should be
remembered that the larger portion of the Eng-
lish debt is but three per cent., while almost
the whole of ours is at six per cent. A tax of
ten per cent., as in Pitt's time, on the English
holder, would leave hiin but two and seven
tenths for interest, while in our case it would
leave five and two tifihs—just double.
2. A proposilion was made the other day by
the gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. HuiS-
B.uinJ to tax the debt one per cent, and collect
by means of the officers of the internal reve-
nue department. It, was similar to the tax I
proposed in December last and bears a near
analogy to the taxation of State bonds under
State authority. That proposition failed by a
vote of-14 to 52, and, as in a fuller House it
would probably share the same fate, instead of
lenewittg it, I propose the English method,
which has the advantage of certainty both in
assessment and collection.
3. There is no other method of taxation ex-
cept this I propose or the one rejected by the
House. It has been suggested many times
that the present bonds may by and by be taken
up from the proceeds of new bonds which shall
be expressly made taxable by State authority.
But this cannot be done. Congress has no
authority under the Constitution to issue such
bonds, and should they do so, and the bonds
be taxed, the Supreme Court would pronounce
the tax unconstitutional.
In the case of Van Allen vs. The Assessors,
3 Wallace, 585,) 18G5, the court sa^s:
"It is oaid Congress porsesses no power to confer
upon a State autnority to be exorcised which has
been exclusively delegated to that body by the Con-
stitution, and consequently that it canuotconl'er upon
a State the sovoreign right of taxation, nor is a Slate
competent to receive a grant of any such power from
Congress. We agree to this. But as it respects a
subjee-matter over which Congress and the States
may exerciso a concurrent power, but from tlio exer-
cise of which Congress by reason of its paramount
authority may exclude the States, there is no doubt
Congress may withhold the exercise of that authoiity
and leave the States tree to act. An example of tins
relation existing between tlicFederal and Stato Gov-
ernments is found m the pilot laws of the Stares and
the health and quarantine laws. The power of taxa-
tion under the Oonstituiion, as ageneial rule, and
as has been repeatedly lceognized in adjudged cases
in this court, is a concurrent power. Tho qualifica-
tions of this rule are the exclusion of the States irom
tlic taxation of tho means and instruments employed
in the exercise of the functions of tho li'euerai Gov-
ernment."
This opinion sets at rest all questions of
local taxation of United States bonds, and as
our Democratic friends have been inthe'habitof
complaining that Congress in exempting these
bonds from taxation has not dealt fairly by the
towns and cities in which they are held, I beg
them to notice that this opinion was not given
hy a Republican, nor by any of the recent Dem-
ocratic converts on that distinguished bench,
but byamemberof thecourt whose Democracy
has always been of the most unquestionable
character, Judge Nelson, of New York.
It was entirely a work of supererogation for
Congress to provide that the bonds should not
lie taxed by State authority, and as the clause
in the loan law has caused so much discussion
it was a blunder to insert it. The whole effect
of it was to declare what the law was, and the
result would have been the same had it been
left out.
Several objections are made to this taxation.
1. It may be said that if this tax is levied
and collected this year another and a larger
one may be levied and collected next year.
True. And the same thing may be said of every
other tax on the list. The English tax has
ranged from seven pence to twenty-four pence
in the pound. Ours may do the same. We tax
the foreign and domestic holder of our railroad
bonds five per cent, on his income and deduct
it fiom the coupon. We have taxed him ten
per cent. We have power to tax him twenty.
The only assurance the holderof such property
can have is in the good sense aud honesty ot
the taxing power.
2. It is said the foreign Governments do not
tax their own debts. The statement is entirely
incorrect. I have already given the English
example. The Governments on the Continent,
so far as I have been able to learn, do the same
thing. It is not infrequent to see complaints
in the English newspapers of the amount of
foreign taxation of Government stock held by
British subjects. If we allow the property in
our bonds to be untaxed we shall be alone
among the Governments of the world. I doubt
if any other Government, having a well-con-
sidered system of taxation, fails to tax this
specics of property.
3. Many of the holders of the bonds are
people of moderate means. Trae again, but
what of it? Our whole system of taxation,
whether by means of a tariff or the internal
revenue, gathers taxes from such people, and
from them mainly. The largest holders of
bonds in this country are banks, insurance
offices, trust companies, and savings-banks.
A considerable amount is held abroad, and the
remainder is scattered everywhere. None of
the very poor hold bonds, and although our
tariff and internal taxation is obnoxious to the
objection that it taxes anybody who consumes,
whether of food or clothing, no matter how
poor he is, this tax is not liable to that objec-
tion, because none who are really poor will be
affected by it.
-1. But it is said we agreed not to tax. That
is not so. We not only did not agree not to
tax, but we have always taxed. We com-
menced at one and one half percent, and went
up to ten, and now have fallen back to five.
The difficulty with previous and present tax-
ation is, that we have failed to collect. The
method I propose is not only for a reasonable
tax, but it insures its collection.
5. If it be alleged that a part of the prop-
erty is held abroad, and therefore should not
be taxed here, I reply that might be a good
objection if the attempt were to tax the prin-
cipal. But it is not. It taxes only the income.
If it be said that this distinction ia shadowy, I
reply that it is the distinction upon which the
whole income tax rests, as decided by the
Supreme Court in the celebrated carriage ease.
And while it may well be that we should not
tax a bond held abroad any more than a ship
owned abroad, we may tax the income if it be
in this country, because it is earned under the
protection of our laws and comes in its pay-
ment within our jurisdiction.
It is to be hoped that while we tax everything
else higher in this country than under almost
any other Government, we shall not place our-
selves in the singular position of being nearly
alone among the Governments of the earth in
the exemption of the best property in the coun-
try from all Governmtmtburdens. Thefourth
of the Chicago resolutions very well says :
" It is due to the labor of the nation that taxation
should be equalized and reduced as rapidly as
national faith will permit."
If the amendment is adopted, the amount
obtained from this source should be between
twelve and thirteen million dollars.
Mr. BENTON. I desire to say in reply to J
the remark made by the gentleman awhile ago,
that of those who voted to sustain the decision
of the Chair, at least three fourths did so with-
out intending to express any opinion on the
gentleman's proposition, but because they
believed the decision of the Chair to be correct. I
Mr. YvASHBUKN, of Massachusetts. I j
desire to move an amendment in order to sub- j
mit some remarks on this subject. j
The CIIAIRMxVN. The pending amendment I
is to strike out certain words. I
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. 1 move
to strike out "one fourth of one per cent."
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to this amendment. I want to strike
out one fourth of one per cent, a month upon
Government deposits. It was offered by mo
and considered in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union when this tax bill
was up before. I hope it will now be adopted.
The position of this question is this: by the
internal revenue law you oblige every collector
in the country to deposit the money he collects
daily with the Government depositories. In
order that the House may understand the mat-
ter I will state the circumstances in my own
district. After we passed the law to which I
have referred the collector of my district was
bound to make his deposits daily in a United
States depository. There was none, however,
within twenty miles. He violated the law if
he did not deposit his money there daily.
That bank came to the conclusion to refuse to
become a depository, saying the trouble of
doing the business was not compensated for at
all. The law provided the collector should
make his deposits daily, and the bank was
compelled to give him triplicate certificates of
deposit, one for himself, one to be sent to Wash-
ington, and one to be preserved. All this made
great tiouble for the bank, and they refused
the deposits, saying they were not worth the
trouble.
The law, as I have said, provided that be
should deposit the money he collected daily.
I endeavored to get the bank there made a
depository. It was done. The collector de-
posited daily, and the Treasury called for cer-
tificates daily. There was all thj trouble of
making out all these triplicate certificates.
What is the anomaly of our position to-day?
At the other end of the Capitol the chairman
of the Committee on Finance has submitted a
proposition to abolish all tax upon all deposits
in banks, and urges it as in the highest interest
of the country. Yet, sir, we are here now
proposing to increase the tax upon deposits
of banks, the deposits of every little bank
throughout the country, when every collector
is compelled daily to make his deposits in
these banks. We are asked to tax the banks
three per cent, upon these deposits. They
are more trouble than they are worth. The
gentleman says they are not obliged to receive
them. What is the result? Pass this into
law and you will wind up every deposit bank
in the country. Then where are we? You
have collectors. They make collections daily.
What are you going to do with the money ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I understand
the argument of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to be this: because the chairman of
the Finance Committee of the Senate is against
this tax therefore we ought not to pass it.
We are here to act upon our own judgment.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance
has reported a great many bills which have
failed.to pass the Senate. Because he has
reported a bill is no reason why we should
adopt it. I think the Bouse will agree to no
such principle in our legislation. I see there
is upon the Speaker's table one of 1ms bills
requiring contracts to be made in gold, making
the poor in the country the pioneers in specie
payment. I do not think we are bound by
that. I am sure I am not. I introduced a
proposition to tax deposits of the Government
in national bunks. 1 did it for the reason I
gave at the time, that the Secretary of the
Treasury was depositing Government funds in
a few dead banks to enrich them, while the
Government was paying them a percentage to
bank upon. I stated then and state now, one
of his pet banks in this city has had from six
to thirty millions of Government money upon
deposit for which no interest was paid, wiiile
the Government was paying interest at six per
cent, upon its collaterals.
A Member. What bank is it?
