1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
here by the circumstances of the rebellion
during the war.
Let me state another fact. The Government
of the United States is not much the creditor
of the city of Washington. Lands donated to
the Government by the original proprietors of
the city have been sold and the money has
gone into the Treasury of the United States to
the amount of more than a million dollars.
Mr. LAWJBBNCB, of Ohio. Mr. Chair-
Let me state another
man 
Mr. INGERSOLL.
faet.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Very well.
Mr. INGERSOLL. For the past five or
six years there have been thousands of tem-
porary sojourners in this city, men who have
been brought here by the war and who have had
the protection and assistance of the authorities
here. That has been the reason for this addi-
tional expense.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I haveonly
to say, in reply to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Inoersoll,] that if it had not been for
the location of the capital here the place where
this city is located would have been a desert.
The location of the capital here has made this
' place what it is.
Mr. INGERSOLL. So much the greater
necessity, then, for this appropriation.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, to strike out " $211,-
050" and'to insert "$100,000'' in the follow-
ing paragraph:
Metropolitan police:
For salaries and other necessary expenses of the
Metropolitan police lor the District of Columbia,
8211,050: Provided, That a further sum, amounting
to $105,525, shall bo paid to the said Metropolitan
police force by the cities of Washington and George-
town and the county of Washington, (beyond the
limits of said cities,) in the District of Columbia, in
the proportion corresponding to the number of pa-
trolmen allotted severally to said.precinct3; and the
corporate authoiities of said cities and thelevy court
of said county are hereby authorized and required to
levy a special tax, not exceeding one third of one per
eent., to bo appropriated and expended tor said pur-
poso only, for the scrvice of the fiscal year ending
June 30,1S6U.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Expenses of the collection of revenue from sales
of public lands:
For salaries said commissions of registers and re-
ceivers of public moneys at sixty-six land offices,
§244,800.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out "$244,800,"
and inserting '• $100,000." We have sixty-six
land offices, and we have one register and re-
ceiver in each office, with a salary of !j>o00 a
year, consequently nearly $200,000 of the sum
proposed to be appropriated by this clause is
for commissions. Now, I do not think this
committee will vote any such sum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Michigau [Mr. Driggs] will ex-
amine the estimates he will find stated in detail
the amounts which, under existing laws, make
up this sum. ■
Mr. DRIGGS. Howis the amount made up?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ This
amount includes the salaried and commissions
to which these officers are entitled under the
law. We have to estimate somewhat in regard
to the amount to be allowed for commissions.
But if there is any more appropriated than is
necessary to pay the commissions, it will not
be lost. . ,
Mr. DRIGGS. What commissions? The
commissions are paid by those who locate the
lands I hope my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It the
gentleman will examine the estimates, he will
see every single item o 1 the amount which the
Committee on Appropriations have proposed
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Driggs ; and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Surveying the public lands:
For suivcying the public lands m Minnesota, at
rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal milcj for
Standard lines, seven dollars for townships, and six
for section lines. $10,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I was requested by the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wisdom,]
who is now confined to his room by indisposi-
tion, to move to amend this paragraph by strik-
ing out '• $10,000" and inserting "$20,000."
I therefore make that motion. He tells me,
as also does one of the Senators from that
State, that this amount is really needed in order
to have lands surveyed to supply settlers who
are coming in there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] is de
tained from his seat by sickness, and has an
interest in this matter, I will not object to the
amendment; it can be voted upon in the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read:
For surveying the public lands in Dakota Terri-
tory, including the lands along theKed River ot the
North, at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile tor standard lines, seven dollars for tovTnslup,
and six dollars for section lines, $15,000.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out tv$15,000" and in-
serting "$20,000." In order to make these
surveys it is necessary to run base lines, and it
will take the whole amount proposed by the
committee to do that. I would not ask for
this increase if itwasnot absolutely necessary
in order to provide for the settlers who are
coming into the Territory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations thought they were
very liberal in giving the amount named here.
Mr. SPALDING. It is only $5,000 more
than is contained in the bill, and I think we
should give it.
Mr. DODGE. The committee propose to
give $15,000 to survey lands in Dakota Teiri-
tory ; one portion to be surveyed is three hun-
dred by two hundred miles, while another por-
tion is three hundred by one hundred and fifty
miles. _
Now, the amount proposed will survey fifteen
townships one hundred miles square. 1 under-
take to say the amount named in the bill will
not be sufficient for both that portion of the
Territory east of the Missouri river and that
west of the river. The committee has proba-
bly paid no attention to the portion^ west of
the Missouri river; but iii^that section there
are already some twenty or thirty thousand
inhabitants; and I believe that before the
close of the year there will be at least one
hundred thousand there. A pressing necessity
exists for these surveys. The appropriation
reported will suffice only for running one base
line east of the Missouri river.
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether a large part of the Territory
west of the Missouri river is not to be embraced
within the limits of a new Territory?
Mr. DODGE. Even if that be so, there is
no appropriation in this bill for surveying these
lands.
On agreeing to the amendment there were
aves 34, noes 23 ; no quorum voting.
" Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
fibld reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No.
818, making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the 3*ear end-
ing June 30, 1809, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
municipal officers ix k1sbel states.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Jlexolved, That the General of the Army be directed
to communicate to this lloase copies of all corre-
spondence in his office in relation.to the removal ot
the city council of New Orleans, and copies ot all
correspondence not lieretofoie furnished m jolation
to the city council of Jefferson city, Louisiana.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
ALEXANDRIA CANAL.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by' unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 831) relating to
the Alexandria canal; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
custom-house building, new york city.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to suspend work on the new clock and
weather-vane on the custom-liouso at New .York
city until be reports to this House tho estimated
expense of the same.
Mr. JENCKES. I object.
improvement of navigation.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Wisconsin, in relation to the project
of connecting by navigable channels through
the Fox and Wisconsin rivers the waters of
the Mississippi with the waters of Lake Mich-
igan ; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr- RANDALL,
(at four-o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
r15he following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BA.RNUM: The petition of Mun-
son Hawley and others, of Bridgeport, district
of Fairfield, praying for an appropriation for
the construction of a building to be used as a
custom-house and post office at Bridgeport,
Connecticut.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: A memorial of Wil-
liam H. Angel, George Maloney, and 27 others,
against oppressive taxes.
By Mr. FERRIS: The petition of 115 citizens
of Glen's Falls, N. Y., praying for a reduction
of the Army and Navy and for other reforms.
By Mr. HOLMAN : The petitionof R. H.
Swil't and others, citizens of Franklin county,
Indiana, praying that a pension be granted to
Mrs. Ann Coskey, widow of James Coslcey, a
soldier of the war of 1812.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: A memorial of H.
G. Anderson, A. W. Pinckney, W. Cockle,
W. B. Lyon, Lewis Howell, and 200 others,
business men in the city ot Peoria, Illinois,
demanding great redaction in the expenses of
the Government and a corresponding reduc-
tion in the taxes.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of the Art-
ists' Fund Society of Philadelphia and numer-
ous artists, praying for a specific duty on works
of art and a revision of the duties on the ma-
terials employed by artists.
By Mr. LAFL1N : A memorial of J. 1.
Helmick and 05 others, asking a leduction of
the expenses of the Government, and to stop
the revenue-cutter system. _ ,
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of citizens
of Hammonton, New Jersey, setting forth that
the lighthouse and Government property at
Absecom inlet and Atlantic City, New Jeise),
are endangered by encroachment of the sea, and
praying action on the subject.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of Charles H.
Doerflinger and others, of Milwaukee, for an
amendment of the Constitution abolishing the
office of President of the United States.
Also, the petition of John Muschauer and
others, cigar manufacturers, of Milwaukeej re-
lating to the lax upon cigars.
By Mr. PHELPS: A memorial from the
South Baltimore Coal Oil Works, in relation to
the prevention of frauds upon the Government
by manufacturers of coal oil.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of David
Y. Lovell, of company E, seventeenth Maine
volunteers, for bounty.
