1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 28, 18C8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Ghat, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives yesterday were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
The bill (H. It. No. 650) to amend the act
of 3d of March, 1805, providing for the con-
struction of certain wagon roads in Dakota
Territory—to the Committee on Territories.
The bill (H. R. No. 725) supplemental to an
act approved July 14,18(52, entitled "An act to
establish certain post roads''—to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 814) declaratory of the
meaning of a certain clause in section ninety-
four of the act entitled "An act to provide in-
ternal revenue," &c., passed March o, 18(35—
to the Committee on Finance.
OBSTRUCTIONS TO ITAR110RS.
ThePRESIDENTjpro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
95) authorizing the Light-House Board to place
warnings over obstructions at the entrance of
harbors or in the fair-way of bays and sounds.
The first amendment was to add the following
as an additional section :
Sue. 2. And be it further resolved. That the Socre-
taiy of War is hereby directed to appoint a board of
competent engineers, to consist of not less than threo
persons, to examine tho condition of tho wreck of
the steamer Scotland, now in the waters of tlio har-
bor of tho city of New Yoxk, and ascertain whether
the same is dangerous to navigation, mid to report
thereon at as early a day as possible, with a particu-
lar estimate of tho cost of tho removal of said wreck.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 will merely remark that
it is rather singular to appoint a board of engi-
neers of the Army to determine whether a
wrecked vessel lying in a channel-way is an
obstruction to navigation. I do not interpose
any objection to it; but it does not belong to
Army engineers to settle such questions as that.
Mr. MORGAN. It will be recollected that
a year ago a bill was passed appropriating
$100,000 to remove this ship, the Scotland,
and that subsequently, on the suggestion of the
War Department, that law was repealed. It
is now proposed to ascertain in the same man-
ner whether this vessel is or is not an obstruc-
tion, and the expense of removing it. It seems
to me to be very proper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 suggest to my
honorable friend from Iowa, that it does par-
ticularly belong to the War Department. It is
in the nature of a survey for harbor improve-
ment, and that question always go to the engi-
neering department connected with the War
Department.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; that is a mistake.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With due def-
erence to my honorable friend, he will allow
me to say the practice is invariable in the Com-
mittee on Commerce, under wliosejurisdiction
these cases go. Everything touching a harbor
or river improvement 
Mr. GRIMES. Not the surveys, however.
The surveys are made by tho Coast Survey of
all the harbors.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg that my
honorable fiiend will excuse me. All improve-
ments, the removal of obstructions, and every-
thing of that sort in harbors always go to the
engineering corps of the War Department.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the question
here. The question is to determine whether a
certain thing is an obstruction or not, and now
it is proposed that the War Department shall
settle that rather than those who are in the
habit of navigating vessels, and can determine
whether or not there is water-way enough on
each side of that obstruction for the commerce
of the city to pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is simply an
obstruction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to add to the title
of the joint resolution the words "and for
other purposes.'"
The amendment was concurred in.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in
relation to tlie project of connecting, by navi-
gable channels through the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers, the waters of the Mississippi with the
waters of Lake Michigan ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
lie also presented a petition of William II.
Banta, praying that a grant of land be made
to Rev. Floyd Farrar, of Grass Valley, Cali-
fornia ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of the
Union League Clnb of the city of New York,
praying that a medal be struck in bronze to
commemorate the preservation of the Ameri-
can Republic, to be presented in the name of
tho American people to every ollicer, soldier,
sailor, and marine, who, by service and an hon-
orable discharge, has earned such a tribute,
and to the children of those who have fallen in
defense of the country ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
a petition of Benjamin Rodgers, of Hawkins
county, Tennessee, praying to be allowed pay
as second lieutenant of company M, eighth
Tennessee cavalry, from July L'5, J8U3, to Sep-
tember 7, 18U5 ; which was refened to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of the,
Legislature of Wisconsin, in relation to the
project of connecting, by navigable channels
through tho Fox and Wisconsin rivers, tlie
waters of tlie Mississippi with the waters of
Lake Michigan; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
. Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of hon-
orably discharged ofliccrs of the Army, resid-
ing in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, protesting against
the passage of the bill prohibiting the payment
of commutation for otlicers' servants; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of honorably
discharged oflicers of the Army, residing in
Columbia city, Louisa county, Iowa, protesting
against the passage of the bill prohibiting the
paymentof commutation for officers' servants;
which was referred to tho Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and tho Militia.
He also presented the petition of E. Lock-
wood, agent forCharlesRoselield, praying that
the claims of Charles Rosefield may be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
lie also presented the petition of John W.
Byram and others, of the city of Washington,
trustees of Union Chapel, praying that they
may bo authorized to mortgage certain prop-
erty for church purposes; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Easton, Pennsylvania, praying that the
present national-banking system be not abro-
gated or materially changed; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying that the surviving sol-
diers and sailors of the war of 1812, with tlie
widows of such as have deceased, or may here-
after die, beplaeed on the pension-rolls; which
was referred to the Commit'.ee on Pensions.
Lie also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, in favor of such
a change in the tariff duties upon foreign works
of art and artists' materials as will tend to the
protection and fostering of native art and
artists; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Cheboygan county, Michigan, pray-
ing that the Cheboygan river, on the straits of
Mackinac, be dredged .out, so as to afford a
safe and commodious harbor, such as is needed
for the commerce of the upper lakes; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mi\ YATES presented a memorial of late
oflicers of the Army, protesting against the
passage of the bill prohibiting the payment of
commutation for pay of officers' servants;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FOWLER presented a petition of late
officers of the Army, praying that the benefits
of the act approved March 3, 1865, may be
further amended, so (hat the three mouths'
pay proper may be given to certain officers
discharged from the service after April 9,
18G5 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
the American Philosophical Society of Phila-
delphia, one of the oldest of the learned soci-
eties of our country, in which they set forth
that there is reason to believe that the north-
western territory, recently ceded to the United
States by the Russian Government, possesses
resources in productions and naval facilities of
much greater value and importance than has
heretofore been supposed, the early develop-
ment of which, by explorations in geodesy and
natural history, is deemed to be of high im-
portance to the interests both of science and
of commerce; and, therefore, they ask the
earliest possible action for the commencement
and execution of proper examinations upon
the coast and within the territory of Alaska
by the officers of the Coast Survey and others
of competent au'd scientific ability and expe-
rience ; and they pray that adequate means
may be adopted to make the explorations of
the Government productive in the interests of
science as well as those of commerce, and t.ho
extension of the area of freedom and civiliza-
tion. This memorial is signed by the president
and secretary of the society. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. (!C0) restoring lands to market
along the line of the Pacific railroad and
branches, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (II. R. No. 15-1)
in relation to the settlement of the accounts
of certain oflicers and agents who ha^ve dis-
bursed public money under the direction of the
chief of engineers, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, reported a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 115) to abolish the present
Bureau of Statistics and transfer the duties
thereof to the Special Commissioner of Rev-
enue; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT JOHNSON.
Mr. HOWARD. The select committee of
seven, to whom was referred the message of
the House of Representatives respecting the
impeachment of the President of the United
States, have had the subject under further con-
sideration, and have instructed me to report,
in further discharge of the duties incumbent
on them, a series of rules for the regulation
of the proceedings of the high court of lra-
i peachment; and I now presentthat report and
! ask that it may printed.
j _Mr. SUMNER. I should "like to ask my
l friend when he proposes to proceed to thecou-
j; sideration of those rules?
|j Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that I shall
ji move to take them up for consideiation to-
l; morrow at the earliest possible moment.
