SUPPLEMENT TO
. the necessity of construing a law passed by one
Hoose with a different intention from that
which animated the other. I am, of course,
left to determine the true intent and meaning
of the law by the law itself, giving to its lan-
guage its ordinary legal scope and signification.
Coming thus to the consideration of the first
section of the act, (which alone is material to
this inquiry,) it will be observed that it does
not deal with the incidents of offices, but with
the franchises of persona. It regulates tenures,
not terms, of office, it is only the opposite
view, which has no sanction in the statute, that
can lead to a misconception of its scope.
The word tenure comes to us from the law
of real estate:
"The thing holdcn is styled a tenement, tho possess-
ors tenants, and the manner of their possession a
tenure."—2 Bla. Com., 60.
Webster defines the word as follows:
" Tenure: the act or right of holding as property.
Manner of holding in general."
It is a right or title pertaining to a person,
and as such is treated throughout the statute.
The body of the section comprehends " every
person holding civil office,'" and is restricted
■only by a single exception, namely, the persons
described in the proviso as holding their offices
during the term of the President by whom they
were appointed. The counsel' for the Presi-
dent (page 1099, Impeachment Trial) quotes
the proviso:
" Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, ot War, of the Navy, and of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and tho Attorney General,
shall hold their offices respectively," &c.
And adds:
"That does not mean tho mon; it means the offices
shall havo that tonuro."
This certainly sounds like absurdity. The
Secretary of State or of War is not an office
but an officer; a person holding an office. An
office has no tenure ; the possessor of an office
has that " manner of "possession," that "act
or right of holding," that "'manner of hold-
ing," which is a tenure. The absurdity be-
comes apparent if we read the proviso accord-
ing to the construction of the ingenious counsel
for tho President;
" Tho offices of Secretary of State, of War, &a„ shall
hold their rojpcctive oilices," A-e.
It follows, therefore, as suggested by one of
the Managers, thai it is immaterial whether
we consider Mr. Stanton as holding his office
during the term of the President by whom he
was appointed or not; all agree that he was
holding the office; if within the term of the
President by whom ho wns appointed he is
embraced in the proviso ; if not within such
term, he was a "person holding civil officc,"
and protected by the body of the section.
If, now, I turn to contemporaneous construc-
tion to ascertain the meaning of the law, I find
such a construction given both by the execu-
tive and legislative departments of the Govern-
ment. Whatever the President or his Cabinet
may have thought before the final passage of
the act of its effect upon Mr. Stanton, a period
arrived within a few months after its passage
when it became necessary for Mr. Johnson to
give it a practical construction. He informs
us that he proceeded with great and anxious
deliberation, and the evidence before us demon-
strates that he arrived at the conclusion that
Mr. Stanton was within the act.
On the 12th of August, 1807, the President
suspended the Secretary of War from office, in
conformity with the provisions of the act. By
the same authority he appointed General Grant
Secretaiy ud interim, lie notified the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of his action, citing the
act by name as the authority for such notifi-
cation. He sent in his reasons to the Senate,
pursuant to the law, and, as he informs us.
hoped for the concurrence of the Senate and
the removal of the Secretary, in accordance
with the law.
It is too late now to do away with the effect
of til is executive construction by the assertion
that a power of suspension has been discovered
in the Constitution which has never been exer-
cised and never thought of before since the
foundation of the Government.
Upon the presentation of the President's
reasons for the removal of the Secretary the
Senate gave a legislative construction to the
statute. It proceeded-in exact conformity with
the terms of the law; it. considered the reasons;
it debated them; it refused to concur in them,
and sent notice thereof to the President. I am
not aware that a single Senator in that debate
suggested that Mr. Stanton was suspended by
virtue of the Constitution, or that he was not
embraced in the protection of the tenure-of-
office act.
Upon, then, a fair consideration of the de-
bates accompanying the passage of the act,
upon the proper construction of the language
of the act itself, and upon the contemporaneous
construction given to it by the executive and
legislative branches of the Government, I find
Mr. Stanton to be embraced within the pro-
visions of the first section.
. I find, therefore, the act to be valid, and that
it includes Mr. Stanton in its protection against
the presidential power of removal without the
consent of the Seriate.
I find that the President lias deliberately
broken this law, and, by its express terms, has,
in so doing, committed a high misdemeanor.
It is urged, however, that the offense is not
complete because the criminal intent was ab-
sent. It is said that the law was broken to test
its constitutionality. To this the obvious an-
swer is, he who breaks a law for this purpose
must take the risk of its being held to be con-
stitutional by the proper tribunals. In this
case the Senate is the proper tribunal for the
trial of the question, and it affirms the consti-
tutionality of the law.
Put 1 do not find, in fact, that it was the
intention of the President to try the constitu-
tional question. The means adopted were not
adapted to that end. Upon the removal of
Mr. Stanton the latter could havo no remedy
in the courts, and the President, though time
and opportunity have been ample since the
passage of the law, has never attempted to
initiate legal proceedings himself.
The evidence in this case exhibits the real
intent with perfect clearness. The declarations
of the President at different periods during the
last two years, as proved before us; his in-
termeddling with the southern Legislatures in
opposition to Congress, as shown by the Ala-
bama telegram ; his conversation with Wood,
unfolding his purpose of distributing a pat-
ronage, whose emoluments exceed twenty-
one million dollars a year, for the purpose of
creating a party hostile to the measures of
Congress—-all these demonstrate a fixed and
uneonstitutionaUlesign to "defeat" and "pre-
vent" the execution of tho laws. Grant that
ho was honest in all this, and that he believed
that the laws ought to have been defeated. So
were Charles I and James II honest in then-
ideas of the royal prerogative ; but those ideas
brought one to the block and cost the other his
crown. In this country the Legislature is the
organ of the people, and the laws are the peo-
ple's will. For the Executive to set his own
will in opposition to the will of the people,
expressed through Congress, and employ the
powers vested in him for other purposes to that
end, is repugnant to the whole spirit of the
Constitution.
Yet the evidence leaves no doubt that such
i has been tho persistent course of the President
1 or moic than two years. In this course Mr.
Stanton had become a formidable obstacle to
the designs of Mr. Johnson. The message of
the latter of December 12, 1807, communicat-
ing the reasons for the suspension of the Sec-
retary, and the answer to the first article of
impeachment, disclose the irreconcilable na-
ture of their differences, and, as is evident
from the President's letter to General Grant,
these differences culminated soon after the pas-
sage of the supplementary reconstruction bill
ot March 23, 1867. From the time of the pas-
sage of that bill the possession of the Depart-
ment ot War would confer vast influence either
in favor of or against the whole system of re-
construction adopted by Congress, according
to tho views of the possessor. Mr. Stanton
was known to favor that system, as the Presi-
dent himself declares in the letter to General
Grant.
And herein I find the intent of the Presi-
dents this removal of the Secretary an intent
to defeat the will of the people already crystal-
lized in:o law, and substitute his own will in-
stead ; an intent unlawful, unconstitutional,
and revolutionary, and which, breaking out
into overt act, in the removal of Mr. Stanton,
gives to that act a deeper tinge of guilt than
attaches to any mere violation of a penal
statute.
Complaint has been made because upon this
question of intent the Senate refused to hear
the testimony of Cabinet officers as to the ad-
vice given by them to the President. I can-
not conceive of any proposition more danger-
ous to the stability of our institutions than that
the President may shield himself from impeach-
ment for high crimes and misdemeanors behind
the advice of his Secretaries. Apart from tho
common-law objection of irrelevancy, such evi-
dence should be excluded upon the gravest con-
siderations of public policy.
Upon this review of the law and the testi-
mony I find that the President is guilty of a
high misdemeanor as charged in the first arti-
cle of impeachment.
It is a necessary result of this opinion that
I also find him guilty of high misdemeanors as
charged in the second, third, eighth, and elev-
enth articles of impeachment. I do not think
it needful to elaborate the legal and logical
connection, as it will be obvious to any careful
reader of the articles themselves, keeping in
mind that the construction suggested by the
Chief Justice is applied to the eleventh article,
as before stated.
OPINION
OP
HON. WILLIAM P. FESSENDEN.
The House of Representatives have, under
the Constitution of the United States, presented
to the Senate eleven distinct articles of im-
peachment for high crimes and misdemeanors
against the President. Each Senator has sol-
emnly sworn, as required by the Constitution,
to "do impartial justice according to the Consti-
tution and the laws," upon the trial. It needs
no argument to show that the President is on
trial lor tho specific offenses charged, and for
none i^ier. It would be contrary to every
princijife .of justice, to the clearest dictates of
right, to try and condemn any man, however
guilty he may be thought, for an offense not
charged, of which no notice has been given to
him, and against which he has had no oppor-
tunity to defend himself. The question then is,
as proposed to every Senator, sitting as a judge,
and sworn to do impartial justice,- "Is the
President guilty or not guilty of a high crime or
misdemeanor, as charged in all or either of the
articles exhibited against him ?''
The first article of the series substantially
charges the President with having attempted
to remove Edwin M. Stanton from the office of
Secretary of War, which he rightfully held, in
violation of law and of the Constitution of the
United States. Granting that an illegal and
unconstitutional attempt to remove Mr. Stan-
ton in the manner alleged in the article, whether
successful or not, is a high misdemeanor in
office, the first obvious inquiry presents itself,
whether under the Constitution and the laws the
President had or had not a right to remove that
officer at the time such attempt was made, the
Senate being then in session. To answer this
inquiry it is necessary to examine the several
provisions of the Constitution bearing upon the
question, and the laws of Congress applicable
thereto, together with the practice, if any, which
has prevailed since the formation of the Gov-
ernment upon the subject of removals from
office.
