102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Johnson, President of the United States, do
hereby proclaim and make known to all rebels
that 'the so-called reconstruction acts are as
plainly unconstitutional as any that can be
imagined,' and are therefore null and void;
that those acts ' bind you hand and foot in
absolute slavery that you are wrongfully sub-
jected to ' a strange and hostile power;' that
i am not bound to execute laws which are
unconstitutional ; and that, though for pru-
dential reasons I deem it best to keep up the
appearance of executing them, yet 1 hereby
grant and proclaim full and universal amnesty,
in advance, of all penalties for any acts of vio-
lent. resistance by you to these laws."
Mr. President, honor and truth forbid that
I should knowingly bring a false charge against
even the presidential night-mare that crouches
upon the heaving breast of this nation ! Not one
leather's weight would I unjustly add to the
awful account he has to render—an account
such as 1 would not have charged against me
for all tlio wealth and honors and power of
earth. But where is the difference in spirit
between this supposed proclamation and the
message which was read in this Hall a week
ago? If I saw a difference I would acknowl-
edge and show it; but I see none in that re-
spect. A wide difference I admit there is
between the legal effect of the two, but not in
their spirit; nor, as I believe, in their intent.
And now, sir, in the full view of the people
of the United States, I ask, what would this
• Senate, what would the House of Representa-
tives, what would the country say and do had
the President actually issued a proclamation
in those words' Would we be content to sit
here in silenc^ver such an insult to the two
Houses of Congress and to the nation they
represent? Are we so used to presidential
shoulder-hitting that we will neither fend off"
nor strike back? Not so, sir—with pride and
reverence I say it—not so has brave, loyal,
radical Missouri taught me.
Sir, I have earnestly questioned myself—not
as an individual, or as a citizen, or as a parti-
san, but as a Senator of the United States—as
to how I should treat in debate so grave and
unprecedented a violation of propriety and
duty on the part of the nation's Chief Magis-
trate. Should I denounce him in such terms
as this crowning outrage of a long series would
justify, what good would come of it? So far
as he is concerned, about as much, I Suppose,
as if I were to spend the same length of time
in belaboring a double-skinned rhinoceros;
and so far as the Senate or country is concerned,
none at all. Were I, if competent, to paint in
deeper and darker colors than have ever before
depicted his faithlessness to himself, to his pre-
vious history, and to his declared principles
and purposes; his treachery to those who, lay-
ing aside party preferences, magnanimously
elevated him, for the sake of his exceptional and
pronounced loyalty, to the position whence,
through an inscrutable Providence, he wastrans-
terred to the seat of power; his abandonment, !
in the very hour of its straitness and perplex-
ity, of the cause of the Union he had so vocif-
erously professed to love ; his disregard of the !
Constitution he boasts of ever carrying about
with him, and leaves with everybody as he !
goes, till he has left it all behind; aud last, i
but by no means least, his cruel abandonment
of the oppressed and lately helpless race to
which he vauntingly proclaimed himself a 1
Moses; what would it amount to? The Senate ■
knows it all by heart; the country knows it all i
utl nauseam; it has all passed into the sewers
of history; and why fish it out? Not in any I
such way did I deal with this matter in draft-
nig this resolution j not so do I propose to deal
with it now.
As far as possible I leave out of view the
man and deal with the thing. 1 treat it in the
resolution, and propose to treat it here, as a
grave and weighty subject of constitutional
law, whose intrinsic importance springs not
roin the man, but from the great oihee he
nolus, and from the use he has made of that
ottice to buffet a coordinate branch of the Gov-
II eminent, and to weaken before the people the
constitutional force and influence of its acts.
' I do not speak for our justification against
aspersion, nor for the maintenance of mere
dignity, but for the vindication of the rightful
authority of the two Houses in which abides
the supreme power of this nation, and for the
defense of that Constitution which makes both
President and Congress, and by which, at last,
both President and Congress must stand or
fall. In this spirit I will now proceed to con-
sider, as briefly and compactly as I can, in the
order in which they arise, the several proposi-
tions advanced in the resolution.
The first is that the President in declaring
in his annual message to the two Houses of
Congress at the present session that the acts
heretofore passed by those Houses in relation
to the reconstruction of the insurrectionary
States "are not only objectionable for their
assumption of ungranted power, but many of
their provisions are in conflict with the direct
prohibitions of the Constitution," and that
those acts are "as plainly unconstitutional as
any that can be imagined," has transcended
the just limits of his constitutional preroga-
tive to "give to the Congress information of
the state of the Union, and recommend to
their consideration such measures as he shall
judge necessary and expedient."
Observe, sir, the wholly unqualified char-
acter of the words he used—"assumption of
ungranted power," "in conflictwith the direct
prohibitions of the Constitution," "as plainly
unconstitutional as anythat can beimagined."
No suggestion of a doubt as to the right or the
propriety of his addressing such language to
Congress; no recognition whatever of the pos-
sibility of mistake on his part; no intimation
of any room for appeal from his fiat; but rude,
dogmatical, defiant dash of the offensive words
into the teeth of Congress; as if he had said,
You, Senators and iiepresentatives, arrogate
to yourselves authority which does not belong
to you ; you have done things which the Con-
stitution directly prohibits your doing ; nothing
can be imagined more unconstitutional than
your acts ; you are buta mere band of usurpers,
ignorant of the very A B C of the Constitution;
1 alone know what the Constitution is and
what you have a right to do."
That, sir, is an unexaggerated paraphrase of
the language which this President has had the
audacity to address to this Congress. There
! is not a Senator on this floor, there is not a
i man living, who can show when or where any
' other President ever dared so to flout the body
| which wields the power of the American peo-
| pie. I will not stop to discuss the question of
politeness, decency, or dignity, but will look
only at that of official prerogative. Whence
gets he the right to send such words to us?
I Will it be contended that he has a right to say
! to us anything he pleases? Is there really
no limit anywhere to be found to presidential
insolence toward Congress? If there is not,
then, indeed, is ours a pitiable condition ; then,
indeed, is exhibited to the world the anomalous
spectacle of a body wielding the sovereignty of
a mighty nation defenseless against the assaults
of one whose duty it is as an individual to obey,
and as an officer to obey and execute its laws.
Will it be said that the Constitution requires
him to "give to the Congress information of '
the state of the Union," and that it is there- I
fore his duty to tell them that in "the state of j
the Union'' he finds that they are usurpers, and j
that laws which tliey had passed over his veto '<
are mere nullities ? To give information is to
impart knowledge; aud is it to be supposed 1
that the Constitution meant that his denuncia-
tions of what Congress had done, done with
deliberation, and notwithstanding previous sim-
ilar objections from him, were to be regarded lj
as imparting knowledge to them on the state 'I
of the Union? If so, then have the people !
sent here a body of men from all parts of the
country whose highest distinction is ignorance
ol their own duties and of the Constitution, j
and placed in the presidential chair one whose
most important vocation is to be their peda- |j
gogue. No, sir, the Constitution gives life to
no such absurdity, and his audacious words to
Congress find no warrant in liis constitutional
duty to give it " information of the state of the
Union."
But it will doubtless be urged that under
: the constitutional injunction to him "to recom-
mend to their consideration such measures as
he shall judge neccssary and expedient" he
may say to Congress anything he sees fit and
we cannot help ourselves. Let us examine
and see if indeed this be so. AVithout, hesita-
tion I admit that he may recommend to Con-
| gress upon the ground of expediency the
repeal of any law upon the statute-book; for
expediency in legislation is a changing thing,
governed by circumstances which are ever
changing. For the present purposo and for
: the sake of the argument merely I will assume
' that he may recommend such repeal upon the
ground of the want of constitutional authority
j in Congress to pass the law. Do I hereby
| concede the whole case? Very far from it.
1 Observe the language of the resolution, "has
1 transcended the just limits of his constitutional
| prerogative." Suppose that he has a right to
! recommend the repeal of a law because he
1 regards it as unconstitutional, the question
i whether in so doing he transcends the just
ij limits of his prerogative depends upon how he
! does it and the circumstances under which it is
done. As to the how, I reiterate my previous
! position that he has no right to do it in such a
j way as to emasculate the moral force of the
law as a binding obligation upon men, anil to
l invite resistance or hostility to it. No greater
assault can be made by an executive officer
upon the law-making power and the force and
j obligation of all law than for him to head the
hue and cry against the validity of a statute
which it is his duty to execute. And such an
■j assault is all the more heinous when there is
an already existing spirit of insubordination
which will by it be intensified, and may by it
be quickened into actual and active opposition
if not open rebellion. And such was the pre-
cise condition of a large portion of this coun-
try when in this message he hurled his denun-
ciations of the reconstruction acts at the two
Houses of Congress.
Every word of those denunciations has
sounded in rebel ears like the trumpet of
resurrection from under the power of a vin-
dicated Constitution and a triumphant Union.
Every word of them has tended to teach rebels
that Congress is a band of reckless and tyran-
nical usurpers. Every word of them has said
to rebels, " Come unto me, Andrew Johnson,
all ye that are weary and heavy laden under
the burdens of this arrogant band of usurpers
called Congress, and I will give you rest."
And now, sir, if it is within " the just limits
of his constitutional prerogative" thus to de-
nounce the power to which he, like all other
I men in this land, is subject, where is the out-
most verge that he will mark to that preroga-
! tive ? Y\ hat is to come next ? Who here can
tell ? Who knows that this is the last step he
meditates? What is the meaning of his "de-
j liberating much" upon, and discussing in his
message the question, "how far the duty of
the President to 'preserve, protect, and de-
; lend the Constitution' requires him to go in op-
posing an unconstitutional act of Congress?"
What reason was there for his talking about
"executive resistance to an act passed ac-
cording to the forms of the Constitution by
the supreme legislative authority?" What
has that Congress done, or proposed to do,
to call for his dark hint of "forcible meas-
ures, orsuch as might lead to force?" And
what possible justification exists for his inso-
I lent declaration, "that cases may occur in
j which the Executive would be compelled to
I stand on its rights [against Congress, of
course] and maintain them, regardless of all
consequences?" Sir, low as maybe our esti-
mate of the man who sends such words to us,
they are, as the words of a President, omi-
nous. To my view they are the guarded and
insidious expression of a more than half-
