2510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
point. It clearly leaves the State of Michigan
at liberty to build another road between differ-
ent towns running in a different direction.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it seems
to me that my honorable friend from Vermont
is laboring under a great misapprehension if
he supposes there is anything contained in the
House amendment which would convey these
lands absolutely to the State of Michigan,
whether the railroad is built or not within the
time prescribed. I think it has no such effect,
and if gentlemen will give their attention to
the statutes I think I can satisfy them of it.
All the grant is contained in the original act
of 1856, and the words which grant the lands
are, ''That there is hereby granted to the State
of Michigan to aid in the construction of rail-
roads" alternate sections of land, six to the
mile, and one of the railroads for which this
grant is "from Little Bay de Noquet to Mar-
quette and thence to Ontonagon," with a pro-
viso that the road is to be constructed and
completed within ten years.
The State of Michigan has granted the lands
to a company to build the road, and the road is
not built. Now, Michigan and the railroad
company both ask Congress to extend the time,
and Congress have passed an act by which they
declare not that they grant any new lands, but
that the lands already granted shall not be
forfeited on account of the road not being com-
pleted within the time specified in the statute
of 1856, and then the Senate have added one
proviso, and the House have added another.
Tke Senate made a provision that this exten-
sion of time should be confined to two certain
roads that are mentioned within this aet, and
now the House add a proviso that if the com-
pany to whom the State of Michigan have
already granted the right to built this railroad
shall tail to do it the State of Michigan may
give it to another company, which shall build
it under this "said grant." What grant?
The grant contained in the act of 1856—a
grant to build the road and to receive for the
building of the road six sections of public land
on each side. This provision is not a provis-
ion which grants ; it is a proviso of limitation.
The grant is all contained in the act of 1856,
and there is no further power given in this
except the extension of time, and the further
power given to the State of Michigan, that if
this one company to whom she has promised
the grant shall fail to comply Michigan may
give it to another company; but this other
company takes no grant beyond the powers
which are contained in the original act except
as to time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
from Wisconsin if the act of 1856 does not
provide that on a non-compliance with the
conditions of the gift by the railroad company
the land shall revert to the United States?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It does.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask what the reason is
for making any change from that provision?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is no change
made from theprovision. The lands will re-
vert to the United States unless the railroad
be completed within the time to which we ex-
tend the period in which the company is to
build the road. These lands do not go abso-
lutely to the State of Michigan ; that is not the
construction of these acts ; they only go to the
State of Michigan conditioned that the road
be built within a certain time. Hero is the
original grant requiring it to be built within ten
years from 1856; but. now they come in and
ask Congress to extend the time. The Senate
passed this bill, extending the time to 1872,
and declaring that there should be no forfeiture
of the lands under the original act if the road
were completed by 1872. To that extension of
time the Senate imposed one proviso, and now
the House imposes another, to wit: that if the
company to whom the grant has already been
made shall not go on and build ten miles this
year the State may declare it forfeited and
give it to another company who will go on and
build the road within the time, so as to secure
the building of the road by 1872; and if the
road is not built by 1872, by the terms of the
original act—and there is nothing in these
provisoesio the contrary—the lands will revert
to the United States.
Mr,. EDMUNDS. "Will my friend permit
me to"ask him a question, as he seems to have
great facility in answering ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to know what
these last words in this House proviso mean,
" may be granted by the State of Michigan to
some other company in the same manner as
if the said grant was now for the first time
made to said State of Michigan."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to my hon-
orable friend what I think that language
means. It means that the said grant" may
be transferred to another company. What
grant? It is this: the act of 1856 provided
that " there be granted to the State of Michi-
gan, to aid in the construction of railroads,"
one of which was "from Little Bay de No-
quette I o Marquette, and thence to Ontonagon,"
lands in alternate sections, "for six sections
in width on each side of said roads," describ-
ing this road and others, with a proviso that
they sliall bo built within ten years. That pro-
viso that they shall he built within ten years
is by the act which passed the Senate amended
so as to extend the time as to this road to 1872,
making, instead of ten years from the original
grant, sixteen years; and the proviso that it may
be given to another company is only on condition
that the company to whom the grant is already
made shall fail to do it. The State may then
step in and give it to another company to com-
ply with the terms of the act, precisely as if the
grant was now made to the State of Michigan
for the period, if you please, of six years.
Michigan can grant it to one company or grant
it to another, or, if one company fails, take it
away from that company and give itto another,
extending the time not at all beyond six
years. My friend cannot claim that there is
any extension of time beyond 1872 in these
words. It is all limited.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin if he will not consent that this
bill, with the various amendments, shall go to
the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
will allow me to say that I am not in charge
of the bill. My colleague can answer the
question. I think it can be disposed of in a
moment. ["Vote," "Vote."]
Mr. HOWE. I think we had better take a
vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we can dispose
of it in a very few moments.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Iowa, the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
thinks it is important that 
Mr. HARLAN. I am not, I will inform my
friend, chairman of that committee, nor am I
a member of it; but it occurred to me, as there
was a conflict of opinion among the ablest law-
yers of the Senate, that it would be well to
refer the matter to a committee.
Mr. HOWE. We will settle that in a very
few minutes.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to make a further
suggestion. I have a bill that I desire a vote
upon, which I think will not elicit debate ; and
there is another bill of great importance to be
pressed ; and, as there is a conflict of opinions
as to the meaning of phraseology, I think it
best to settle it in committee. I will not,
however, press my motion if the vote can be
taken soon.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we can vote in
five minutes. I think there is nothing more
to be said.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will submit a motion
that this bill be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. I think that is the most rapid
way.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. It is a
clear case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know nothing about
the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony. Edmunds, Fessendcn,
J?relinghuysen, Harlan, Morton, Sherman, Willey,
"NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew.Cnttoll, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Conness, Davis, Dixon. Doolittle, Ferryj Hen-
derson, Howe, Johnson, MeCreery, Morgan, JNorton,
Kamsey, Boss,-gprague, Stewart, Sumner. iiptou,
Trumbull, Victors, Wade, Williams, and lates—2t>.
ABSENT.—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cole, Cor-
bett, Cragin. Drake, Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks, How-
ard, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pat-
terson of Arew Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee.
Pomeroy,Saulsbury, Thayer, andVan Winkle—19.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Doolittle] says that what he wants,
if I understand him, is that these lands at the
expiration of the time, 1872, shall revert to the
United States unless the road is built. That,
he thinks, is the construction of it now—that
certainly is what the original House bill said ;
and now all that my amendment proposes to
do is to say exactly that; to say that if they do
not complete these spaces of road of ten miles
in a year, at the end of the time granted, the
land shall revert to the United States. What
I propose to add in the place of what is said
in the House proviso is the words, "the said
lands shall be forfeited to the United States,
as provided in section one of this act, at the
expiration of said time." That is exactly, if I
understand my friend from Wisconsin, what he
says he wants and what he thinks the language
means now. If it does mean that now, where
is the objection to adding words which shall
make it certain ? We have had recentexperi-
ence, and we shall have a good deal more if
things go on, of the danger of leaving uncer-
tain language in a bill when you can provide
words that will make it certain; because, if you
do that thing, a year or two hence the Congres-
sional Globe will be looked at to find out what
the law means instead of the statute itself.
Now, I put it to my friend from Wisconsin,
where is the objection, on his own statement,
to saying in distinct terms that if this company
fails to build its ten miles a year in the regular
way up to the last time, 1872, if that be the
year, the lauds shall then revert to the United
States, just as the section of the House bill as
it was sent to us in the first place said; just as
we agreed to it; just as it stands in the section
now, and just as all the laws have provided?
If there is any objection to it I should like to
have it stated. 1 understood him to say that
that is what it means now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do un-
derstand that the lands will revert to the United
States if the road is not completed at the end of
1872. The House of Representatives have put
on the bill this amendment, which will author-
ize the Legislature, in case the company from
year to year fail to construct any one section ot
ten miles, to forfeit the rights of the company
to whom the grant has been given, and to give
the grant to a new company; and I suppose
the House put that proviso in for the purpose
of enabling the State of Michigan to compel
the building of the road, as if one company do
not build it they can give it to another. That
Isuppose to be the purpose of that amendment,
and, the amendment being thai, it seems to my
it is perfectly right and proper to pass the bill
as it comes from the other House. If an
amendment is now added, it must go back to
the House again, and it is doubtful if there is
any quorum of the House. There are various
reasons why it is desirable to finish legislation
of this kind at some reasonable time. I un-
derstand that the true construction of ail the
acts and amendments put together is not
to extend the grant to the State of Michigan
beyond 1872.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr, President, the Sen-
