1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
formed purpose of mischief, put forth to feel
whether the pulse of Congress would flutter,
ami whether that of the rebels of the South
and their Democratic and other allies in the
North beats full and strong for the "forcible
measures'1 which for months past we have
heard of in the whisperings of the air, but upon
which we now know from himself he has
•• deliberated much, and felt extremely anx-
ious to reach a proper conclusion." Sir, put
it all together, and see whether in the light of
calm and deliberate judgment it means, or can
mean aught else than if he had said in so many
words, '-Could I but see the end assured as I
would have it, you band of usurpers should
be driven from the Capitol at the point of the
bayonet.:'
13ut- it may, and I suppose will, be said
that at last, when you have made the most
and worst of it, he has but expressed his opin-
ion, and that he, as well as anybody else, is
entitled to his opinion and to express it as a
ground for his recommendation of the repeal
of those acts. But I hold it not true that he
has merely expressed an opinion: he has
asserted a fact. The constitutionality or un-
constitutionality of a law is as much a fact as
its existence, and is just as capable of being
asserted. The assertion either way may be
right or wrong, but still it is an assertion of
feet. Had the President, in recommending
the repeal of those acts, addressed Congress in
some such terms as these: "I have heretofore
expressed to you the opinion that the recon-
struction acts are unconstitutional, but you
nevertheless passed them over ray objections.
Though still of that opinion, I acknowledge
the supreme authority of Congress, and hold
them, as long as they stand on the statute-boob,
to be valid laws, and will faithfully execute
them ; but I recommend you to reconsider
your decision, and if you can adopt my opinion
repeal them," nobody would have seen in such
a mode of renewing his objections anything
but an expression of opinion which, however
unauthorized, as I will presently attempt to
show, would not probably be regarded as a fit
subject for reprehension. But between that
and the language used in this message there is
a manifest difference—just the difference which
all men recognize between an expression of
opinion and a hard, stubborn, overbearing
assertion of fact, which was beyond doubt
expected, if not designed, to make upon the
southern rebels and their northern sympathizers
and allies the distinct impression that the un-
constitutionality of those acts was no longer
open to discussion as a matter of opinion, but
had been crystalized into a fact. The differ-
ence between the two is as that between firing
a gun with a blank cartridge and firing it with
a double-shotted charge. Head the message,
and test the accuracy of this version of it;
and having found it accurate can you hesitate
to declare that in thus asserting as a fact the
unconstitutionality and therefore the nullity of
these acts while they still stand unrepealed he
'• has transcended the just limits of his consti-
tutional prerogative ?"
The next proposition of the resolution is:
That the use of such language by him. in his offi-
cial charactcr, is, in our judgment, calculated to der-
ogate from the rightful authority of the law-making
euted."
faithfully exe-
ih:it the two Houses of Congress are the
law-making power of this land, or, in the lan- i
guuge of this message, "the supreme legisla- j
tive authority," need not be enforced as a prop- I
osition of constitutional law here or elsewhere; ,
the Constitution settles that. But it does seem
necessary to teach some people that all men |
in the nation, especially officers of the Gov- |
eminent, and, above all, the President of the
United States, are under direct obligation to |
uphold the rightful authority of this supreme
Legislature. And it also seems necessary to :
teach a good many people that whatever acts ,
are passed by that body must be held bv all S
men to have been passed in the exercise of its |
rightful authority until otherwise declared by
the body itself or by the supreme judiciary of
the nation. Tom, Dick, Harry, Andrew, or
Jeremiah may question and discuss the expe-
diency or constitutionality of any of its acts—
for we are but men, and like other men may
err—but whoever holding an executive office
under the Government says or does aught with
the purpose of exciting hostility or disaffection
to the law-making power itself derogates from
its rightful authority. Especially is this true
when the act or word proceeds from the Presi-
dent of the United States. More especially is
it so when he brings a direct and unqualified
accusation against Congress of violating the
Constitution. And most especially is it so
when the accusation is made at a time when
Congress is struggling with a mighty evil, and
i can get no help from the President but that
which he is compelled reluctantly to give, and
when he stands before the nation as the avowed
antagonist of Congress, so far as he dares to
be, and as the acknowledged champion of those
upon whom bears the legislation which he
declares to be "as plainly unconstitutional as
any that can be imagined." Such is the pos-
ture of affairs in this country now.
Sir, Congress is still struggling with the
rebellion. The day has not yet come when it
can be said to be at an end. True, as the
President says, '1 the executi<% of the laws
is not now obstructed or oppiSed by phys-
, ical force;" but why not? Simply because the
physical force that we have is more than the
rebels could muster. Were it otherwise, an-
other week would not pass before the torch
of war would be passed from hill-top to hill-
top through all rebeldom. The fire of a burnt
j edifice is not put out when the edifice falls; but
j long after the live coals are there, needing only
fuel to break out again in flames. So with the
South to-day. But even if not so, still the
rebellious, blood-thirsty, revengeful spirit is
there; and there, too, is a once enslaved but
now emancipated race of four million Ameri-
can citizens, whom their former masters would
to-day, if they could, reduce again to a practi-
cal slavery, differing only in name from that to
which the American nation gave the death-
blow. Who stood between that race and that
practical reenslavement? Did this President?
No, sir; no! Left to him and his policy they
were as helpless and hopeless as a lamb in the
jaws of a famished wolf. He deserted them
in their extremity; and where could they look
for help but to the Senators and Representa-
| tivesofthe great people that had disenthralled
| them? They did look to us; they stretched
! out their hands imploringly to us ; they called
to us out of the depths, and we saw and heard ;
and, sir, to the immortal honor of the Ameri-
can Congress, we answered them—answered
them by spreading the segis of the Constitu-
tion between them and l^ie storm-cloud of
! oppression and wrong that hung over them,
j and by enacting, in spite of this President's
1 veto, laws which secured to them not only
freedom but the civil and political rights of
free citizens. Under those laws there has
been exhibited one of the most remarkable
developments which human history has re-
I corded. That enfranchised people, belonging
to a race which this President says "have
shown less capacity for government than any
other race of people," and "a constant tend-
ency to relapse into barbarism wherever they
I have been left to their own devices," have
| taken hold of the work of self-government as
j no people ever did before who had been like
them suddenly released from a condition of
slavery and disfranchisement and lifted to free-
dom and enfranchisement.
j As they exhibited during the war a patient
forbearance to their enslavers, a self-restraint
which is the world's marvel and admiration to-
day, and will be in future ages, and a devotion
to the Union which resisted all terrors and all
blandishments, so now they are displaying a
sagacity, a strong though uncultivated sense, a
firm and resolved purpose, a wise and prudent
I moderation, and an understanding of the true
principles of republican government as far
above the " poor white trash " about them as
the political status of the latter was above theirs
when the negro was but a slave and a chattel
and the poor white trash was a freeman and a
voter. And though the President of the United
States affirms it to be " admitted that the blacks
of the South are so utterly ignorant of public
affairs that their voting can consist in nothing
more than carrying a ballot to the place where
they are directed to deposit it," yet it is a
luminous and pregnant fact that they always
know which ballot makes them men and which
would make them, for all practical purposes,
slaves. And it is not less remarkable, and far
more pregnant of the future supremacy of loy-
alty in that region, that they always know which
is the ticket of liberty and Union and which
is that of slavery and disunion. And here, sir,
is the sting. The power of disloyalty, rebel-
ism, and caste in that region is to be ground
into the dust under that long black heel which
political ethnologists of the Democratic stripe
point to in derision as the infallible sign of the
negro's inferiority ; and with the help of the
black man State governments, loyal to the Con-
stitution and the Union, are to be soon erected
where, but for his enfranchisement, they would
not have been established for a generation to
come, if ever.
Now for the point. While this great work,
unprecedented in human annals, is going on,
and the future peace of the nation hangs upon
the success of this conversion of a race of
slaves into enfranchised citizens and of the
effort to lay new foundations of government in
the South, whose corner-stones should rest, not,
like that of the rebellion, upon what Alexan-
der H. Stephens called "the great truth that
the negro is not equal to the white man," but
upon the great and living principle that before
the law all men are equal, all are white ; and
when the mighty current of events was sweep-
ing away all the barriers of pride, and oppres-
sion, and aristocracy, and rebelism, and caste,
as resistlessly as Sherman's grand march to
the sea swept away the rebels in his path,
then comes like a thunderbolt from the Pres-
ident of the United States the proclamation
that the laws enacted by Congress, upon which
this great deliverance rests, are unconstitu-
tional, null, and void!
And now, sir, let Senators, in the light of
their knowledge of the past seven years' his-
tory and of the present condition of the South,
consider the effect of these words in that re-
gion. Effect there they were designed to have,
and must have. Will they promote there the
work provided for in these laws? Will they
tend to break down rebelism and subdue the
fiery spirit of insubordination there ? Will they
encourage and strengthen loyalty and patriot-
ism there? Will they remove obstacles to
reconstruction there? Will they promote the
Union cause there? To ask these questions is
to answer them. You, and I, and all of us, and
all the country, know that not one of them can
be truthfully answered in the affirmative, but
every one must be answered in the negative.
Sir, the simple, incontestible truth is that this
denunciation of the action of Congress can
have no other effect than to embarrass the work
of reconstruction; to plant obstacles where
the President should have smoothed the way;
to feed the spirit of rebelism and incite in-
subordination where he should have discoun-
tenanced, and, if need be, suppressed both ; to
stir up feud where he should have inculcated
peace, and to teach rebels that there is no
punishment for violent resistance to the recon-
struction acts while the pardoning power is in
his hands.
The next proposition of the resolution is,
"that, as between the Congress and the Presi-
dent, the former is the exclusive and final
judge, in the first instance, of the conformity
of its acts to the Constitution." This necessa-
rily resultsfrom the supreme legislative author-
ity of Congress. Over its legislative action the
President has, by the Constitution, not the
least power, except that when a bill is pre-
