1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
148 T
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to print will be entered, no objection being
made.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 398) to establish the right of way for a
ship-canal on Lake Superior, Michigan ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Cotomittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 399) to incorporate the National Society
forthe Prevention of Cruelty to Animals; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
400) granting a pension to Maria Raftery,
widow of Patrick Battery, corporal company
H, thirty-third Massachusetts infantry volun-
teers ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 401) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 402) for the removal of causes in certain
cases from the State courts to the United States
courts ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
403) in relation to testimony in the Court of
Claims ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 116) relating to the islands of Si.
George and St. Paul; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee oil Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF PATENT EXTENSIONS.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 813.
Mr. CONNESS. There is unfinished busi-
ness belonging to yesterday morning that I
desire very much to get a vote upon. I hope
the Senator will allow that to come up lirst.
Mr. WILLEY. This will not take three
minutes, I think. If it leads to debate I will
give way.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 313) requiring per-
sons applying to Congress for the extension
or renewal of patents to give public notice
thereof.
It provides that whenever any patentee of
any invention or discovery, or his legal repre-
sentative, shall desire to make application to
Congress for the extension or renewal of the
patent for such invention or discovery beyond
the term of its limitation, he shall, before
making such application, cause to be published,
for four weeks successively, in one of the prin-
cipal newspapers of the city of Washington, and
also in one of the principal newspapers pub-
lished in the State wherein such invention or
discovery is most extensively used, a notice of
such application and of the session of Con-
gress when the application will be made.
Mr. J OHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber who is to select the paper? Would it not
be better to let the Department itself select the
paper? ^
Mr. WILLEY. The Department has noth-
ing to do with applications of this character.
It'is where an application is to be made to
Congress for the extension or renewal of a
patent by Congress, and of course it msst be
submitted to the discretion of the party making
the application; and whether the notice was
sufficient or not must ultimately be submitted
to the judgment of the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office or of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. As far as the committee
is concerned and as far as the Senate is con-
cerned, the provision will be complied with if
the advertisement appears in any of the news-
papers. My idea is that there ought to be
some one newspaper selected for the purpose,
so that parties who may be interested in the
extension of the patent may know where to go
to find such a notice. If, however, the hon-
orable member thinks the bill proper in this
form, I shall make no objection.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not see how any par-
ticular paper could be designated, for the law
is designed to be perpetual and papers are
not. There are a great many of them in ex-
istence, and I think the object designed to
be accomplished by this bill will be accom-
plished by publishing the notice in any princi-
pal newspaper in the city of Washington and
in the State where the invention is most ex-
tensively used. The object is to give notice to
the parties interested in any invention, that they
may also appear before Congress with their re-
monstrances. Our experience on the committee
has shown us that parties, as quietly as possi-
ble, seek to present applications for renewals
and take those interested in the improvement
in the country by surprise, and get an exten-
sion through Congress without notice to the
country or those interested on the other side.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not opposing the
bill. I do not wish the honorable member to
understand me as opposing it. I think the
object uf it is all right. The only question is
whether there ought not to be some mode of
selecting the paper in which the notice is to
appeal'.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the provision
of the bill?
Mr. WILLEY. That the notice shall be
published in one of the principal papers in the
city of Washington and also in-one of the prin-
cipal papers published in the State in which
the invention is most extensively used.
Mr. CONKLING. The point that more espe-
cially strikes me is this: which is the State m
which the invention is most extensively used?
Probably, in most cases, that State which con-
tains the greatest number of people. Very
likely the State of New York is that State in
which the great majority of inventions are most
extensively used. Unless it is determined by
population I do not know by what it is to be
determined nor by whose discretion it is to be
determined. I do not mean to make any sug-
gestion in opposition to the bill, but I suggest
to the honorable Senator that perhaps it would
be more satisfactory to fix that in some way
which he deems most prudent.
Mr. WILLEY. That was under the consid-
eration of the committee. It would be impos-
sible to designate now any particular paper that
would accomplish the purpose; ana whether
the law has been substantially complied with
must be judged of by the Senate when the matter
comes up for consideration. It must be shown
that notice according to this bill has been
made; and if the Senate or Congress are satis-
fied that it was not published in one of the
principal newspapers, thus substantially failing
to comply with the requisition of the law, of
course they will take action accordingly.
Mr. CONKLING. I think in the State of
New York there cannot be less (at a venture)
than fifty newspapers, any one of which is en-
titled to be called one of the principal papers.
Now, if a person wishing to make an applica-
tion of this sort is at liberty to go into the
central part of the State in which I live, and
publish in a newspaper there—which is cer-
tainly one of the principal papers of New
York, his notice, it may be just as effectual
for the people concerned as if it were not
published at all; whereas if a provision was
made that, in every month and in every year a
notice should take place in a certain paper,
every man interested in such things would know
that he must direct his attention to that paper,
whether he looked at it for any other purpose
or not. It seems to me that there is some-sub-
stance in the alteration proposed, and that it
would be very difficult for Congress to say, ,iji
the language of the Senator, whether this law
had been complied with or not. If they should
find it had been substantially complied with,
it would be nevertheless, in many eases, a com-
pliance utterly fruitless of good ahd of the
security intended by the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to ask the Senator
from West Virginia if he had not better let
this bill lie over to-day, in order that this point
may be accommodated?
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope not.
Mr. WILLEY. I think the Senate is ready
to vote upon the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have received several
letters on this subject from my constituents,
who are considerably interested in mechanical
pursuits. There have been numbers of patent
extensions pushed through Congress without
any sort of notice to those who are most inter-
ested in the use and manufacture of the article
affected by them, and the present law affords
great facility to do that. A paper in this city
might be designated by an order of the Secre-
tary of the Senate, or by any other officer of
the Senate, or by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Patents. The Senator from West
Virginia might insert a provision of that kind
in the bill, to meet the objection of the Sena-
tor from New York, which I think has some
ground for it.
Mr. WILLEY. If Senators require time to
make any amendment to meet the difficulty
suggested I am very willing that the bill shall
lie over, for the purpose of giving them an
opportunity to do so.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope it will not lie
over, because I think we can just as well pass
it now, if the Senator would accept an amend-
ment. I have not the bill before me; but
where it reads, "in a paper of the State where
the patent is most extensively used," 1 suggest
the addition of the words, " such paper to be
designated by the Secretary of the Senate or
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, in
whichever body the petition may be presented.''
I think that would secure it.
Mr. WILLEY. I have no objection to that.
It will accomplish the same purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not think very
much of the objection when made, although it
was made by my distinguished friend from
Maryland. The object of this bill is to put
Congress on its guard, to see to it that notice
is given; but when a case comes before the
committee of this body are we not willing
to trust that committee to see that this act is
carried out in its very spirit? Senators have
no fear of that. I think the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Rhode Island is
just carrying out the "job" sort of proposi-
tion of the measure adopted in the last Con-
gress, which was intended to secure a little
food to partisan papers. The last Congress
used about the same language, and the object
of that was apparent, and then they doubled
the rate of compensation.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator does me
great injustice. That is not my object, and I
was opposed to that law myself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is evident that this
bill wants some more consideration. I there-
fore move to postpone the present and all
prior orders, to take up Senate bill No. 366,
regulating the presentation of bills to the Presi-
dent and their return.
Mr. FERRY I hope that will not be done.
I do not think that the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Rhode Island_ is either
necessary or expedient. The bill in its present
shape was maturely considered in the commit-
tee, and was intended to remedy a universally
acknowledged evil—the presentation of peti-
tions for the extension and renewal of patents
to Congress, and slipping them-through Con-
gress without the knowledge of the parties
interested therein. The mode of giving notice
