1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2511
ator from Wisconsin has stated this case pre-
cisely as it stands. Not one inch of these
lands accrues to the State of Michigan until
the road is built. As the road is built the
lands accrue to the State of Michigan, and at
the end of the time to which this grant is ex-
tended of course they revert to the United
States if the road be not constructed, because
they never come in possession of the State of
Michigan until the road is built. I hope the
vote will be taken now, and that the amend-
ment of the House will be concurred in.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the House of
Representati ves.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not
prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. IIOWE. Let the amendment be read.
ThePRESIDENTp?'0 tempore.. Theamend-
ment to the amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] proposes to strike out
of the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives the words "it shall be lawful for the Le-
gislature of the said State of Michigan to declare
the grant of land to said company to be for-
feited, and to confer the said grant of land upon
some other company in the same manner as if
the said grant was now for the first time made
to said State of Michigan," and in lieu thereof
to insert "the said lands shall be forfeited to
the United States, as provided in section one
of this act, at the expiration of said time."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is a little diffi-
cult to understand exactly the meaning of the
amendment attached to the bill by the House
of Representatives. I should judge that, so far
as the time is concerned, the State would have
as much time to construct the road after it
declares a forfeiture as it had when the original
act was passed. Suppose in 1869 the com-
pany named in this bill fails to complete ten
miles of road, and the State declares the grant
to that company forfeited, then I understand
that the State may give this land to another
company, and that company will have the same
time from that date for the completion of the
road as the State had from the time when the
original bill was passed.
Supposing that to be the meaning of the
amendment, I do not know that I have any par-
ticular objection to it; because 1 do not con-
ceive it to be very material as to the time in
which these roads are constructed, further than
that they ought to be constructed as soon as
they conveniently can be for the good of the
public, and there ought to be inducements for
the construction of the roads with all possible
expedition, and tnere ought to be penalties in-
curred if a company to whom lands are com-
mitted does not construct the road with as much
dispatch as possible.
So far as the other question made by the
Senator from Indiana is concerned, it seems to
me that the amendment may be construed as
the Senators from Wisconsin say; but it would
be much more definite if the words ''for the
same purpose" were inserted in that amend-
ment; so as to read "in the same manner and
for the same purpose as specified in the original
act." Then, of course, if the Legislature?^
that State, in case the company now construct-
ing the road should forfeit the lands, should
confer the grant on another company, they
would be bound to use the lands for the same pur-
pose for which the present company are bound
to use them ; and I would much rather have
that amendment made to this section proposed
by the House, if there be no objection. Of
course that requires further action by the
House ; but this amendment as it stands now
is indefinite, both as to time and as to object,
and if there be any way in which more particu-
larity can be attained 1 should think it would
be very desirable, for as it now is it leaves this
question open 1o a lawsuit that may hereafter
arise between the conflicting companies under
the legislation of the State.
Mr. POMEROY. I only wish to reply in a
word to the Senator from Oregon, that if this
line of road is not completed the State can-
not take alternate sections and use them for
the construction of any other line, because
the alternate sections are from a definite line,
anS they will not know what sections to take
if they build the road somewhere else. There
is no alternate section to count from a given
line, unless there is a line and unless a road
is on that line. We cannot take a land grant
where the sections are not named. The grant
is only of alternate sections from a given line,
and you cannot take those sections unless
there is a line by which to designate the sec-
tions. Therefore these lands cannot be used
for a road anywhere else.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish to
say a word in reply to my friend from Oregon,
and I shall occupy the time of the Senate but
for a moment. This original act did not give
these lands to the State of Michigan for the
benefit of any specific railroad company, as
would seem to be implied in this last House
proviso, which is to give the State of Michigan
the right to dispose of them to some other
company. It gives them to the State of Mich-
igan for the purpose of constructing a partic-
ular line of railway from one point to another ;
that is to say, so far as this part of the act is
concerned, a railroad from Marquette to Onton-
agon in that State. That was our grant to
the State of Michigan, of land for a purpose
and not of land for a party.
Now, the House of Representatives come in
with this last proviso after we have passed
their original bill providing for extending the
time within which this purpose shall be accom-
plished, still leaving it to the State to select
their own agents to do it with, and providing
that if a particular company do not make nse
of that grant within a specified time then the
State of Michigan shall have a right to dispose
of the land to some other company at her free
will and pleasure.
My friend from Oregon, therefore, will see
that his remarks do not apply to the case as it
really exists under the original grant. And all
I ask the Senate to do is to provide that when
at last they reach the ultimate period of time
which Congress has consented to go to for the
devotion of these lauds to the purpose, Con-
gress shall then have it in its power to provide
what shall be done with the lands ; and that,
my friend from Wisconsin says, is exactly what
he wants to accomplish, and hence I hope he
will vote for my amendment.
Mr.CHANDLER. I do notwish to occupy
the time of the Senate, but the State of Michi-
gan has no power to use one inch of the land
except upon that particular line. All there is
reserved in this bill to the State is that if
their agent does not do this work she may
select another. But should the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont prevail, then I
should desire that the bill might be defeated.
The lands cannot be taken except upon that
particular line, and not an inch of them can
be taken except when the road is completed.
This simply gives the State of Michigan power
to compel that company who now have the
grant to build the road, or, if they fail, to give
it to some other company.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
.Senator one question for information. How
much time will the State of Michigan have in
which to complete this road from the time of
the forfeiture of this grant to the company
that is now engaged in the construction of the
road? Suppose in 1869 this company fails to
make ten miles of road, and the lands then
revert to the State under this amendment,
how long from that time will the State have
in which to complete the road ? That is the
question.
Mr. CHANDLER. Eighteen months—a
year and a half.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is that all?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is all. Sir. I ask
for a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont to the amendment of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin or the Senator from
Michigan how much time was allowed for the
construction of this road when the grant was
first made in 1856?
Mr. CHANDLER. Ten years.
Mr. MORTON. I ask whether if this grant
is now to be considered as having been just
made to a new company by the State of Mich-
igan that company will not have ten years
within which to complete it?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir. The time is
extended eighteen months; one year and a half
only.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Edmunds,
Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Morgan, Morton, and Wil-
liams—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Orasdn, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Har-
lan, Henderson. Howe, Johnson, McCreery, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Rnmsey, Ross, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull. Van Winkle,
viekers. Wade, Willey, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cole, Corbett,
Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire. Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Stew-
art. Thayer, and Yates—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, as one
of this small and hopeless minority, I beg now
to ask a question of the Senator having this
bill in charge and having special knowledge.
Is it the understanding of the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] that the amendment,
as it is, confines the ultimate application of
this land to the construction of a road between
the termini now existing?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I have not the slightest ques-
tion about it. The Senator from Maryland,
who has looked at the phraseology, has not the
slightest doubt about it. The chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands says the same
thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask the Senator
whether there is any objection to inserting in
the amendment words appropriate to render
that meaning visible and unmistakable?
Mr. HOWE. All the objection I see to that
in the world is, that if we experiment with new
words there will be danger of meeting objec-
tions from somebody. If the Senator from
New York would look at the phraseology used
in the amendment and say that it was possible
for the State of Michigan to apply that land to
a new grant, then, he being a lawyer, I should
admit there was propriety in trying some other
words and seeing whether they were objected
to ; but I cannot think, if he will look at this
language, that he will see it is possible to have
any doubt.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Wis-
consin, by informing me that he has no doubt
himself and that the Senator from Maryland
has no doubt, presents to me an alternative
which I certainly ought not to accept when he
proposes that I should presume to differ from
such-authority; and it seems to me that it is
not practically very important that any mem-
ber of the Senate should feel more or less con-
fident on this subject. Certainly for abundant
caution words can be inserted there which
admit of no mistake whatever and will be open
to no criticism except thai they are surplusage.
Now, if by the insertion of these words the con-
currence of the Senate can be obtained and no
right shall be impaired, I do not see why we
should not amend in that way; and therefore
I beg the Senator from Wisconsin, who knows
so much more about it than I do and who can
make the suggestion in better form than I can,
to propose, without striking anything from the
bill, to insert after the language, whatever it
may be, allowing the State ot Michigan to re-
dispose of these lands, a proviso that that ulti-
mate devotion of the lands shall be to this
