3536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Pomeroy, to strike out "one sixth"
and insert <kone twelfth " in the clause relating
to the tax on circulation; so thatportionof the
section would read:
And a tux of one twelfth of one per cent, each
monthupon the average amountof circulation issued
by any bank, association, corporation, company, or
person.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and it was agreed to upon a division—
ayes 02, noes 44.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend this sec-
tion by inserting after the clause relating to a
tax upon circulation the following:
And a tax of sixteen and two thirds per cent, on
the interest and inteiest coupous accruing on all
bonds issued by the United States and held bv such
bank, and deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States to secure the circulation of such bank and
deposits.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to a point of order,
that this amendment is not germane to the
section under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and does so because this sec-
tion relating to banks, an amendment proposing
a tax upon the bonds held by banks, is germane
and in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holmax] will better accomplish
his purpose by making the proposed tax twenty-
five or thirty-three and a third per cent.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman is in
favor of such a tax he can move it.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Holman ; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 49, noes 63.
Before the result of the vote was announced
Mr. Holman called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered j and Mr. Wilson, of
Iowa, and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 55, noes 02.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Morrell,] who is not now in
his seat, desired to have an amendment offered.
I move, therefore, for him, to amend this sec-
tion by adding to the clause relating to the tax
on circulation the following:
Provided, That this shall not apply to any porson,
bank, association, company, or corporation which
is in liquidation, and which has not issued any notes
for circulation for a period of more than one year.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " one year" and
inserting u two years."
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment j and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Schentck; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 42, noes 43; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered} and Mr. Giiiswold
and Mr. Mayvard were appointed.
The committee againdivided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 64, noes 36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend this
section by striking out all after the enacting
clause, and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
That thereshallbe levied, collected, and paid a tax
of one fourth of one percent, each month on the aver-
age amount of all deposits of public money in the
possession of any bank, association, or person to the
credit of the Treasurer or any collector or disbursing
officer of the United States; which said bank, asso-
ciation, or person is within fifty miles of the Treas-
ury or any Assistant Treasurer of the United States.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
renew the amendment I offered some time
since, to strike out of the clause relating to the
-tax on capital the-words u beyond the average
amount invested in United States bonds."
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts j and,
upon a division, there were—ayes 43, noes 58.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered , and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Schenck were ap-
pointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 47, noes 54.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend this sec-
tion by adding to it the following :
Provided further, Tnatno public funds belonging
to the United States shall bo deposited in anv bank
where the treasury or assistant treasury exists within
five miles of the collection office where such moneys
are received, or for a longer period than seven da >s
when the troasury or assistant treasury exists more
than five miles and less than fifty miles from the
place of collection.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Barnes; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 50, noes 40.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers.
The question was takenupon ordering tellers;
and there were twelve in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was accordingly agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
strike out the section, as amended.
Mr. SCHENCK. As we are spending a,
great deal of time on these amendments, I ask
that the vote be now ^aken upon the motion to
strike out the entire section, of course reserving
the right to move amendments afterward, if
the motion to strike out should not be agreed to.
The question was taken upon the motion to
strike out the section as amended; and, upon a
division, there were—ayes5G, noes 50.
Mr. KELSEY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Logan and
Mr. Pomeiioy were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes f>G, noes 53.
So the motion to strike out the section was
agreed to 
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 109. And be it further enacted, That every
national banking association. State bank, or State
banking association, corporation, company, or per-
son engaged in the business of banking, shall pay a
tax of ten per cent, on the amount of notes of any
person, .State bank, or State banking association, or
of any State, town, city, or other municipal corpo-
ration, used for circulation and paid out by them, and
such tax shall bo assessed and paid in such mariner
as shall be prescribed bylaw, and by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue: Provided, Thatthissec-
tion sh<tll not apply to banks, persons, or institutions
which are in liquidation and which have not issued
any notes for circulation for a period of more than
one year.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by striking
out this section. It is simply a reenactment
of the present law, and is not necessary to be
inserted now that the preceding section has
been struck out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 110. And be it further enacted, That when any
tax is imposed, and the mode or time of assessment or
collection is not provided for, the same shall be estab-
lished by regulation of the Commissionerof Internal
Revenue; and the Commissioner is authorized to
make all such regulations, not otherwise provided
for, as may become necessary by reason of any change
of law in relation to internal revenue made by this
act.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend by inserting the following as a new sec-
tion :
And be it farther enacted. That in every case where
it becomes necessary to ascertain the amount of an-
nual or monthly sales made by any person on whom
a special tax is imposed by this actor to ascertain the
excess of such sales above a given amount, such
amounts and excesses shall be ascertained and re-
turned under such regulations and in such form as
shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and in any ease where the amount of the
tax has been increased by this act above the amount
before paid by any person in that behalf, such per-
son, except retail dealers, shall bo again assessed and
pay the amount of such increase from the taking effect
of this act; andin any casewhere the amountof sales
or receipts has been understated or underestimated
by any person, such person shall be again assessed
for such deficiency, and shall be required to pay the
same, with any penalty or penalties that may by law
have accrued or be chargeable thereon.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
Is that amendment germane to the biil ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is. It refers to spe-
cial taxes "imposed by this act,," and is there-
fore in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
inserting the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted That tbereshall be levied,
colJcctcil, and paid a tax of one fourth of one por
cent ioh month on the average amount or all de-
posits of public money in their possession above the
sum of S25,000 to the credit of the Treasurer or any
disbursing officer of the United States m any bank
or banking association.
On the amendment there were—ayes 49,
noes 63.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 111. And be it further enactedt That where not
otherwise distinctly expressed or manifestly incom-
patible with the intent thereof, the word person,"
as ufaed in this act, shall be construed to mean and
include a firm, partnership, association, company, or
corporation, as well as a natural person; and words
of the masculine gender, as applied to persons, to
mean and include the feminine gender; and the sin-
gular number to mean and include the plural num-
ber; and the w ud "State" to mean and include a
Teriitory and District of Columbia; and the word
"county'' to mean and include parish, district, or other
equivalent territorial subdivision of a State.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 112. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed: Provided, That all the pio-
visions of said acts shall be in force tor levying and
collecting all taxes properly assessed or liable to be
assessed, or accruing under the provisions of former
acts, the right to which has already accrued, or which
may hereafter accrue, under said acts, and for main-
taining and continuing liens, fines, penalties, and
forfeitures incurred under and by virtue thereof.
And for carrying out and completing all proceedings
which have been already commenced or that maybe
commenced to enforce such fines, penalties, and for-
feitures or criminal proceedings under said acts, and
for the punishment of crimes of which any party
shall be or has been found guilty: And provided
farther, That no office created by the said acts and
continued by this act shall be vacated by leusou of
any provisions heicin contained, but the officers
heretofore appointed shall continue to hold the said
offices without reappointment until their successors*
oi other officers to perlorm their duties, respectively,
shall be appointed as provided in this act: Andj>ro-
videdjurther, That whenever the duty imposed by
any existing law shall cease in consequence of any
limitation therein contained before the respective
provisions of this act shall take effect, the same duty
or tax shall be, and is hereby, continued until such
provisions of this act shall take effect; and where
any act is hereby repealed, no duty or tax imposed
thereby shall be held tocease in consequence of such
repeal until the respective corresponding provisions
of this act shall take effect.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill with the amend-
ments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment takes
precedence of the motion to rise.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting the following as a new
section:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be levied,
collected, and paid a tax of one half of one per cent,
per annum upon the avemge amount of the deposits
of money other than public money of the United
States subject to check or draft, or represented by
certificates of deposit or otherwise, whether payable
on demand or at some future day, with any person,
bank, association, company, or corporation engaged
in the business of banking, and a tax of three per
cent, per annum on the average amount of all de-
posits of public money in their possession to the
credit of the United States ; and a tax of one half of
one per cent, per annum upon the capital of any
bank, association, company, or corporation engaged
in the business of banking beyond the average
amount invested in United States bonds; and a tax
of one percent, per annum upon the average amount
of circulation issued by any bank, association, cor- *
poration, company, or person, including as circula-
tion all certified checks, and ail notes and otherobli-
gations calculated or intended to circulate or be
used as money, but not including that in the bank
or redeemed and on deposit for said bank; and a true
and accurate return of the amount of circulation,
deposit, and capital, as aforesaid, and of the amount
of notes of persons, State banks, and State banking
associations, and of States, cities, towns, or other
municipal corporations paid out by them duiing the
previous month, shall be made and rendered monthly
by each of them to the assessor of the district in
which such bank, association, corporation, or com-
pany may be located, verified by the oath or affirm-
ation of such person, or of the president or cashier
of such bank, association, corporation, or company,
