104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
sented to him for his approval he may disap-
prove and return it to the House in which it
originated. At that point his agency in legis-
lation terminates. Up to that point he has a
right of opinion and judgment upon which he
may properly base official action. If he con-
sider the bill unconstitutional, and return it
to the House where it originated, and more
than one third of that or the other House coin-
cide with him, the bill fails ; but if two thirds
of both Houses differ from him and pass the
bill again, it becomes a law.
And now, Mr. President, we come to the
very gist of this whole question of executive
prerogative ; and I am constrained by the best
reflection 1 have been able to bestow upon the
subject to take a position which, so far as my
information extends, has not before been taken,
but which I see not how to avoid. In the earlier
portion of my remarks, in discussing another
point, I assumed, for the then present purpose,
and for the sake of the argument merely, that
the President might recommend to Congress
the repeal of a law on the ground of want of
constitutional authority in that body to pass
it. I now deny not only that he has any right
under the Constitution to make any such rec-
ommendation, or any right to any opinion, as
President, adverse to the constitutionality of
any law passed by Congress ; but is concluded
as President on that subject by the judgment
of Congress in passing the act; and that what-
ever opinion he may have after such passage
must be simply that of an individual, and not
of the President.
This seems to me to result, by invincible
necessity, from the very fact that Congress is
"the supreme legislative authority" under the
Constitution. Take the case of an act passed
by that body and approved by the President.
Such an act necessarily conveys in its very
passage the judgment, formally entered of
record in the archives of the nation, that Con-
gress had constitutional authority to pass it.
No executive officer of the Government, from
the President down, has any right, as an officer,
to any other judgment or opinion than that so
entered of record; but every such officer is not
only bound by it, but must officially make it
his own. Take, then, the case of an act passed
by the constitutional majority of both Houses
over the President's objections. No one will
question that, as an act, it is just as much a
lav/ as if it had been signed by the President, j
and therefore is just as much a judgmeut I
passed by the supreme legislative authority
upon the question of its constitutional power .
to enact the law. And if the President's ob- 1
jection to the bill as presented to him should
be, as in the case of the reconstruction acts,
that there is no constitutional power to enact
it, then is it, in my view, beyond the possibility
of successful question that the judgment of
that supreme authority has been, so far as he
is concerned, finally and conclusively rendered i
and entered, and that, too, a second time after a
rehearing and reargument.
And now, sir, as long as that judgment stands
unreversed, either by the supreme legislative
authority itself or by the supreme judiciary of j
the nation, I unhesitatingly say that no exec-
utive officer in the nation has any conceivable !
right to dispute or question the constitution-
ality of the law; nor any right, as au officer,
to any other judgment or opinion than that it
is fully, clearly, to every intent, and beyond
all doubt, constitutional. He is, as an officer,
absolutely precluded, barred, silenced on that !
point. Recognize any other doctrine and you
unsettle the whole basis of the constitutional
power of the supreme legislative authority of
the nation. If the President may, as Presi-
dent, express the opinion that an act passed
by Congress, with or without his approval, is
unconstitutional, why may not any other exec-
utive officer under the Government; and if
one, or two, or twenty, why not all? And if the
President may, as President, denounce such
an act as "in direct conflict with the Constitu- h
Hon,' "asplainly unconstitutional as any that I
can be imagined,'' why may not all the exec- I.
utivc underlings from Maine to the Pacific do
likewise? Has he an exclusive privilege of
such denunciation, or any such privilege at
all? If so, whence does lie derive it? From
the Constitution ? Show me the article, sec-
tion, sentence, line, or word which gives it to
him, directly or inferentially. I deny that it
can be found. I deny that there is any such
solecism there as is conveyed in the idea that
the supreme legislative authority can be so
defied by its mere ministers. As well talk
of the arm disputing the volition of the will.
I could, Mr. President, enlarge upon this
topic by way of argument and illustration; but
it is sufficient for the present purpose thus
briefly and distinctly to state the conclusions
at which I have arrived. They are my cloar
and definitive judgment on an important con-
stitutional question, in regard to which I have
consulted no partisan animosity, prejudice, or
bias, but simply the true nature of our form of
government and the provisions of our Consti-
tution. Upon such a question I cannot con-
sent to twist the Constitution out of shape to
suit a temporary or a partisan purpose. If the
conclusions I have reached should be concurred
in by the Senate then there can bo no difficulty
in passing this resolution, or even one couched
in stronger terms. For, sir, if it le true that
the President has no right to express an official
opinion adverse ^o the constitutionality of an
act of CongreMpflssed over his objections urged
on that ground, much less to denounce it in
the unmeasured terms which he has employed
in this message, then it follows that the Presi-
dent of the United States has used his high
office to thrust before us the private opinions
of Andrew Johnson, who, as an individual, is
no more to us than any other man that walks
the streets of the city of Washington; and,
indeed, a good deal less than many others daily
to be met there. Is not such a use of his office
a direct "departure from official propriety?''
Is it not a "breach of official obligation?' -" Is
it not in derogation of the rightful authority of
the law-making power of the nation? In fiict,
might it not justly be treated as a direct breach
of the privileges of the two Houses of Con-
gress?
That it is all this I have no remaining doubt,
and I trust the Senate has none. If so, but
one question remains, whether, admitting it
all, it justifies and calls for reprehension from
us. I hat it does I have as clear a conviction
as on any other point I have discussed. How
can wo pass it by and be true to our high posi-
tion as a part of the body which wields the
supreme legislative power of the American
nation? Is it to be henceforth understood that
Congress can be brow-beat, objurgated, de-
nounced, and insulted in State papers that are
read over the whole civilized world, and that
it has not self-respect enough to vindicate its
constitutional privileges?
Sir, for one I cafinot forget that this is the
Senate of the United States; and what nobler
or more august name is to be found among
the Governments of earth? I would preserve
its august character in the sight of this nation
and of the world by a calm, dignified, and
constitutional assertion of its rightful preroga-
tives against executive encroachment when-
ever and however attempted. If the Senate
should agree with me in this course, the les-
son is taught oncc for all to this President
and to his successors that not with impunity
can the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress
assembled be made the subject of executive
insolence. If, however, the Senate should differ
from me I shall, while regretting it, still have
the consciousness of having done what came
home to me as a duty to the high trust reposed
in me by a noble State, to the Congress in
which I am honored with a seat, and to the
country I try to serve with sincerity and fidelity.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, there are
many things in the speech of the honorable
member from Missouri which I think should
not bo passed unnoticed by those who enter- ■
tain opinions different from his own. Unless ,
j the Senate feel fatigued—and if they do, in
lj that respect they are in the condition in which
I feel myself—I will proceed at once; but I
presume it would bo more agreeable to the
body that the subject should be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator desires it,
I 'will move the postponement of this subject
until the day after to-morrow. To-morrow is
already set apart for a special order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. GRIMES. What special order?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] has a special order for
to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. His bill was not made
a special order, but the Senator from Vermont
gave notice that on that day he should like to
speak on his own bill, and by common con-
sent it will undoubtedly be given to him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move then to postpone
the further consideration of this resolution
until the day after to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no personal ob-
jection, if it is the pleasure of the Senate, to
. postpone it until the day after to-morrow. I
would prefer not to go on now for the reason
I have just stated ; but if the Senate prefer
that I should proceed at onec I will do so as
well as I am able.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to postpone the further consideration of this
subject until Thursday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Dcccmbcr 10, 18G7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. 13. Bovntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
j united states tonnage.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting a communication
from the Assistant Secretary of State inclos-
ing a letter from Mr. James Birkhead. for-
merly a leading merchant of Rio Janeiro,
explaining the cause of the diminution of the
tonnage of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
salaries of inspectors, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of the 5th instant, a
report of expenditures for salaries of super-
vising and local inspectors, &c.j which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
uiilief of american seamen.
'Ihe SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of
March 2, 1799, a report relative to the relief
and protection of American seamen^ which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
columbia hospital for women, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a report of the directors
of the Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-
in Asylum ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
