2514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ury. This embraces several tracts of land. It
embraces what are known as the Cherokee
neutral lands, and there is in the Treasury
oojv, and has been for nearly two years,
"I^SjOOO from the proceeds of the sale of those
ands. It also embraces a tract of land on the
east end of the Osage reservation. Sales of
those lands have been made to a sufficient
amount to pay the whole amount included in
this appropriation bill.
Then, with regard to another item, the second
section of the bill, being an amendment which
was agreed to by the Senate some time since,
a considerable portion has been paid out of the
proceeds of the sale of the lands, which induced
the Senator from Kansas to make the amend-
ment which he has suggested. There is no
mode of paying the money included in the last
amendment suggested by the Senator from
Minnesota for paying for the Omaha reserva-
tion. It is a direct appropriation from the
Treasury, and there is no means of restoring
it to the Treasury again; but ultimately the
whole of the residue will be paid from the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the lands that belong to
the Indians.
Mr, EDMUNDS. Do I understand my
friend from Iowa to mean that this appropria-
tion, all of it, is now payable out of the pro-
ceeds already received, except the amendment
offered by the Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir; not the whole
of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What I asked was to
get what share of it was being advanced by the
Government now and what share is already
received from the proceeds of sales, which, by
the contracts, are to furnish the money to pay
with.
Mr. HARLAN. All that part of it included
in the original bill is now in the Treasury as
proceeds from the sales of the lands, as I un-
derstand from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, and they are receiving from
day to day from the sales of the lands to cover
the expenses included in the second section
of the bill. A part of it has been received and
part has not been, but is coming in as proceeds
of the sales of lands. For the last section I
believe nothing ever will come in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much money do we
appropriate, then, for which as yet we have
received nothing?
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose about thirty or
forty thousand dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And that money by the
contract with the contractors was payable
out of the proceeds of the sales of the lands,
was it ?
Mr. HARLAN. The contracts run in this
way, to be paid out of the proceeds of the sales
of these lands unless sooner appropriated by
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then Congress was not
obliged to appropriate ?
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all, if they choose
not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
in Committee of the Whole. Shall the vote
be taken on the amendments collectively or
separately. [ "All together.'' ]
The amendments 'Were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
personal explanation.
Mr. HARLAN. I rise to a personal expla-
nation, and I ask the general consent of the
Senate to make it. I desire the Secretary to
read a paragraph from the newspaper which I
send to the desk.
Mr. POMEROY. What newspaper?
Mr. HARLAN. The Baltimore Sun.
Mr. CONNESS. Is it an editorial or cor-
respondence?
Mr. HARLAN. Correspondence.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the
Baltimore Sun of to-day:
" Whiio the doubt and anxiety existed on Friday
night about the position of. Senator Willeyupoh
impeachment Senator IIaet.an telegraphed Bishop
Simpson, of Philadelphia, in these words: 'I fear
Brother Willey is lost.' To which the bishop.re-
plied : * Brother Willev professes to be a Christian.
Brother Wili.ey has a soul to be saved. He cannot
barter away bis soul und imperil the country. Pray
with Brother Willey.' And it is said Brother Har-
lan prayed with Brother Willey."
[Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I have never,
since I have had the honor of occupying a seat
here, noticed anything said of myself in the
newspapers, and I would not now if I alone
were referred to. I do not refer to this now
on account of my friend from West Virginia,
[Mr. Willey,] for he knows, as I do, that there
is not a word of truth in this statement; but I
wish to say a word in justice to the eminent
gentleman referred to by this correspondent of
the Baltimore Sun. I have had no communi-
cation, either orally or in writing or by tele-
graph, with that distinguished citizen since the
impeachment investigation began, and never
on that subject at any time or place.
Mr. JOHNSON. You do not suppose any-
body believes it?
Mr. HARLAN. I supposed no one did believe
it; but I feared it might wound his feelings.
national life insurance company.
Mr. PATTERSON,'of New Hampshire. I
move that the Senate take up Senate bill No.
286 and act upon it at this time. It will take
but a few moments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 286) to incorporate
the National Life Insurance Company of the
United Stales of America.
The Chief Clerk commenced the reading of
the bill, but was interrupted by
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before thefurther read-
ing of the bill I move to postpone its consid-
eration with a view of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the bill which I indicated this
morning, to admit the State of Arkansas to
representation in Congress. I have sought all
the morning to obtain the floor to move to take
up that bill. There certainly was a disposi-
tion on Saturday to take action upon it, and
there is every reason why we should act upon
it. The bill that is now under consideration
is for the incorporation of a company. There
can be no special urgency about it. It may
wait. But there is an urgency that a Legisla-
ture assembled at Little Rock, in Arkansas,
and awaiting our action, should have some
recognition. We informed the people of Ark-
ansas that if they would organize a State gov-
ernment in conformity to certain conditions
which we proposed, we would recognize that
State government. They have undertaken to
form one, have been engaged in it for months,
have called a convention, have formed a con-
stitution, have submitted that constitution to
the people, and it has been ratified. The Le-
gislature has assembled. It has elected Sen-
ators and has also ratified the constitutional
amendment. Now, can we refuse to take
action in regard to that state of things ? The
House of Representatives have acted. They
have sent us a bill upon the subject. It was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It has been reported back by the committee
favorably. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] the other day sought to pass the bill
without a reference at all, such was the ur-
gency ; and now, after it has been referred and
considered and reported upon, I do not know
what excuse there is for non-action.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us get a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I move to post-
pone the bill under consideration and proceed
to the consideration of the bill which I have
indicated.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
trust that will not be done. The bill which I
have called up has been a long time upon our
table. I reported it some six weeks or two
months ago from the Committee on the District
of Columbia. The parties who are interested
are deeply concerned to have the bill passed at
once. It will take but a few minutes dis-
pose of it, 1 think. It cannot lead to much
discussion, if any; and I suppose the gentle1
man from Illinois knows very well that the bill
which he urges is of such a nature that he will
hardly get it through in one or two days. It is
not to be passed in a hurry; it is not- to be
passed in an hour ; he will find opposition to
the bill; and it seems to me that we might as
well pass this little bill and then take up his
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In reply to that sug-
gestion I desire to say, if there is opposition
let us meet it. There has always been oppo-
sition to these reconstruction measures. But
if there is to be opposition to this bill, to last
an hour or two hours, or a day or two days,
for one I am ready to begin at once. Let ug
see what the opposition is. If the bill is not
perfect, perfect it; but let us commence it and
adhere to it until we finish it. I certainly think
it is a measure that Congress is committed to,
to give consideration to at least; and I will
say that the Senator from New Hampshire is
bound to support it. I have no opposition to
the bill which he has called up. I would not
have made this motion if I could have obtained
the floor to move to take up the bill before. I
have made several efforts this morning to ob-
tain the floor, but was unfortunate; and this
is the only way by which I could submit the
motion to the Senate. It seems to me that we
are committed before the county. The con-
dition of things in Arkansas is such, as we
understand it, that disorders prevail; the peo-
ple do not know what government to recog-
nize; do not know whether this Legislature
which is assembled and has elected Senators
is the legitimate Legislature of the State; that
Legislature is waiting; the members elected
by the people to the House of Represent-
atives and by the Legislature to this body
are here in Washington. What reason can
be given for non-action on this bill? In my
judgment it affords no reason to say that this
measure will encounter opposition. I have no
reason to suppose that there will be any less
opposition to-morrow than to-day; and having
been from the beginning earnestly in favor of
an early reconstruction of these States, believ-
ing it the most desirable and important busi-
ness upon which Congress can enter, for one
I am unwilling to lay it aside on the suggestion
that opposition is to be made to it.
During the course of Mr. Trumbull's re-
marks a message was received from the House
of Representatives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief
Clerk, returning, in accordance with the re-
quest of the ^Senate, the resolution providing
for a recess olV^ongress from the 16th to the
25th instant. \
Mr. DRAKEAI think, sir, that in the mat-
ter of the resolutiVywhich has just been re-
turned to us by thiMfouse of Representatives
there is a very good and sufficient reason why
the motion of the Senator from Illinois should
not prevail at this moment of time. I ask
him, therefore, to withdraw his motion for the
moment to let us determine what our action
shall be upon this resolution just returned to
us. If we shall not agree to the resolution,
then we shall have full opportunity for taking
up the bill to which the Senator from Illinois
refers ; and if we do agree to it, of course that
bill ^cannot be taken up now with any advantage
during the remainder of this day's session. I
ask the Senator from Illinois to withhold his
motion lor the moment until we can determ-
ine what we will do about that resolution.
Mr. IRUMBULL. That would only be
taking the vote in another form. Let us take
up the bill to admit Arkansas. or take the vote
upon that motion. If that is voted down, then,
ot course, the Senator from Missouri can call tip
his motion. If the Senate takes up the Ark-
ansas bill it will be an indication that they are
disposed to go on with it, and, of course, that
they will not adopt the resolution referred to.
Ihe PKES1DENT pro iempmt. The ques-
tion is on postponing the bill now before the
senate until to-morrow.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, I
