106
lim CONGRESSIONAL OLOBBi
December 10j
MICHIGAN AND WISCONSIN LAND (JliANTS.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back House joint resolution
No. 91, concerning certain lands granted to
railroad companies in the States ot' Michigan
and Wisconsin, with, the recommendation that
it do pass.
The Clerk read the joint resolutioti in extenso.
The first section provides that a failure to grade
twenty miles of the roads within two years from
the passage of the act entitled- "An act to ex-
tend the time for the completion of certain
railroads to which land grants have been made
in the States of Michigan and Wisconsin,"
approved on the 3d day of March, 1865, and
twenty miles additional thereof in each year
thereafter, as required by said act, shall not
cause any forfeiture or reversion to the United
States of any lands granted to the said States
or either of them to aid in the construction
of the railroads described; provided, that said
companies or either of them shall fully com-
plete their said railroads in the manner required
by law on or before the 31st December, 1872,
at which time a failure shall forfeit the lands
to the United States.
The s«cond section further provides that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to
cause a patent, in due form of law, to be issued
to the Chicago and Northwe$ern Railway Com-
pany, in pursuance of a resolution passed by
Congress granting the same to the State of
• Wisconsin, ajjproved April 25, 1862, and aa
act of the Legislature of Wisconsin, approved
June 16, 1862, granting the same to said com-
pany for eighty acres of land of the Fort
Howard military reserve, as the same was sur-
veyed and approved by- said commissioner on
the 11th of June, 1864.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Michigan does not propose
to pass this joint resolution under the previous
question. I wish to meet the further grant of
land to railroads at the threshold. I want the
bill fully considered before I am called npon to
vote on it.
Mr. DRIGGS. I am entitled to the floor,
and if the gentleman wants any information
he. can ask me any question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Perhaps
the House will force me to that. But I desire
to see whether the House will permit a gentle-
man who holds the floor from a committee to
hold it to the exclusion of every one else
except at his pleasure.
Mr. DRIGGS. I have not called for the
previous question, and I do not hold the floor
oftener than the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Nor to as
much purpose.
Mr. DRIGGS. I have presented this joint
resolution by the unanimous vote of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. It is simply a bill
extending the time for two years to the Chicago
and Northwestern Railroad Company to com-
plete the road from Green bay to Escanaba.
1'hey ask no additional lands, and there is
no grant involved in the joint resolution. They
propose to complete the road by 1872 or forfeit
all the lands to the Government.  
There is another clause in the bill which
provides that the Government shall issue pat-
ents to this railroad company for lands granted
by act of Congress in the Fort Howard reser-
vation for depot purposes merely. The com-
pany are in possession of the ground erecting
their depots, and now the commissioner cannot
issue patents without additional legislation.
The bill is all right; thereis no catch about it!
The committee have unanimously reported it.
If the gentleman wants any information my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins] is famil-
iar with the subject and probably he will en-
lighten him. I will waive the demand for the
previous question to allow the gentleman from
Illinois to say a word.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. • I was in
hopes the gentleman would not call the pre-
vious'question on this bill without permitting
the subject to be considered by the House at
length, and letting us determine now the policy
we are going to pursue in regard to these grants,
and whether we are going to give additional
privileges to railroads that have already got
these grants.
In the first place Congress made a grant for
the purpose of building this road. Instead of
building it as the company should have done
they have neglected to do it, and now they come
and ask that we will keep this amount of land
out of the market two years longer for their
benefit. Instead of permitting settlers to come
in and purchase the land or take it under the
homestead act this joint resolution proposes to
give it to this railroad company in opposition
to the interests of the people. I do not know
what reason can be given why this extension
should be made to this company which has had
such a vast grant. I am opposed to it, and I
hope the House will now, when these bills come
in, in the firstinstance, put a stop to this system
of extravagance, which is unparalleled in the
history of the world. I desire members of the
House to read the report of the Commissioner
of the Land Office and of the Secretary of the
Interior in regard to the empires which have
been granted away to these corporations and
taken away from the people.
Mr. DRIGGS. How long does the getitle-
man want to speak?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How long
does the gentleman propose to allow me?
Mr. DRIGGS. Ihe gentleman says he does
not know any reason why this should be Ex-
tended. I can give him the reasons.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The rea-
sons the gentleman has given are not satisfac-
tory to me, and I trust they will not be satis-
factory to the House.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will tell the gentleman, if
he does not know, why this grant should be
extended. This road runs one hundred and
twenty miles through a wilderness. The com-
pany have already built a very long road from
Escanaba, at the head ofGreenbay,'toNegana,
some sixty-five miles. In consequence of the
immense amount they have done, and the diffi-
cult country through which the road passes, they
require a little additional time, and this bill
works a forfeiture if they fail. I now demand
the previous question. t
The previous question was seconded—ayes
63, noes 33.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the bill on the table, and on that I call the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 111, not voting
41; as follows:
YBASr-Messrs. Adams. Baker,Bingham,Broomall,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Coburo, Cook, Cullom,
Dawes, Dixon, Ela, Garfield. Harding, Holman,
Johnson, William Lawrence, Logan, Marvin, Mc-
Cullough, Mercur, Moorhead, Mulling, Randall,
Ross. Schenck, Scofield, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stewart, Taylor, Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, and Wood—35.
NAxS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Arnell,
Delos R.Ashley, James M.Ashley, Bailey, Banks,
Barnes, Barnum, Beamaa, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Boutwell, Boyer,_ Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Cake,
Cary, Churchill, kidney. Clarke, Cobb, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Elidt,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields, Fox, Getz, Qlossbrenner,
X (II ilo it v/ i vXl, i, oil loo J x lulUOf A v af \JI vl/ll) VJI lUOuvl v UiX CI |
Golladay, Haight, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkias, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jones, Judd, Julian, Kel-
sey. Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, Morgan,
Morrell, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants,
Polsley, Price, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Saw-
yer, Shanks, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Ta-
ber, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Van Au-
ken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader
C. Washburn. Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, James F.Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodward—111.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Axtell, Bald-
win, Blaine, Blair, Bromwell, Butler, Cornell, Co-
vodei Ferry, Finney, Gravely, Griswold, Grover,
Halsoy, Hulburd, Jenckes, Kelley, Kitchen, Loan,.
Miller, Moore, Morrissey, Peters, Phelps. Pike, Pile,
Poland, Pomeroy, Raurn, Selye, Shellabarger, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Thomas,Twichell, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyok, and Woodbridge—41.
So the House refused to lay the joint reso-
lution on the table.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will now yield for a mo-
ment to my friend from Indiana, [Mr, Julian,]
the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How can
the gentleman do that after the previous ques-
tion has been seconded?
The SPEAKER. Because the gentleman
; reported the joint resolution and is entitled by
( the rules to one hour to close the debate.
Mr. DRIGGS. If the gentleman objects I
will uot give way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan is entitled to one hour.
Mr. DRIGGS. I would prefer that the vote
should be taken without further consumption
of time, but I will yield to the phairman of
the committee if he desires it.
Mr. SPALDING. I prefer to hear from the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. JULIAN. I have but a word or two
to say with reference to this proposition. The
House will bear mo witness that I have uni-
formly withstood all extravagant and. improper
legislation on the subject of railroad land grants.
This, however, is a measure simply extending
the time a year and a half to a road which the
parties are in good faith doing their utmost to
complete. They ask no additional grant of
lands, but only an extension of time. They
have built over two hundred miles of the road
already, as I understand, and in.granting what
is asked we shall simply conform to the ordi-
nary policy of Congress in like cases.
The joint resolution also provides for the
execution of a patent for eighty acres of land
under a law of Congress of 1862, which inad-
vertently failed to provide for it. The tract is
already granted by the Government, to be used
as a depot for the road, apd the provisions to
which I refer only carries out the intention of
Congress as clearly .expressed in the act of
1862.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
friend from Indiana be good enough to have
the la w read which he proposes to have amended
in this indirect way?
Mr. JULIAN. I would have no objection
if I had the law before me, but I have not.
But the fact is as I have stated. It is simply
to correct a defect in the law of 1862, and carry
out the obvious intention of Congress. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the chair-
*man of the Committee on Public Lands one
question. I wish to know if we renewed this
grant in 1865, or whether the original grant
was made at that time ? I recollect voting upon
it at one time.
Mr. JULIAN. My recollection is that the
grant was made in 1856 or 1857.
Mr. SPALDING. And renewed in 1865?
How many times has it been renewed ?
Mr. JULIAN. I am not able to say certainly
whether it has been renewed or not. I know
of no renewal.
Mr. DRIGGS. I now insist on the vote.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether there are any more public lands in the
State of Michigan.
Mr. DRIGGS. If there are none it cannot
affect this measure, for it grants none.
Mr. ROSS. I supposed from the grants
which have been made to the State within the
last four years that there were no more there.
Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman should dis-
tinguish between a measure that appropriates
lands and cine that appropriates none.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for a moment to make
an explanation.
Mr. DRIGGS. No, sir; I insist on the
question.  
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on the passage of the joint
resolution, and I call the attention of the House
to the second section of the act which it is pro-
posed to amend.
