SUPPLEMENT TO
thing, but th*6 most temporary character to the
kppbihtm.ent. To hold, that in act of such a
character, prohibited by n'o law, having the
sdtfction ot long practice necessary for the
transaction of',business, and which the Presi-
dent, might' Veil "be j,uitified in believing au-
lit fisting lafr, was a high misde-
meanor jitiiifyirig the removal of the President
of the united States from office, would, in my
judgment, be, in itself, a monstrous perversion
of justice, if not of ifeelf a violation of the Con-
stitution.
The first two articles failing, the third, fourth,
fifth, sixth, seventh, aad eighth must fail with
them.
The third differs from the second only in the
allegation that the President appointed Lorenzo
Thomas Secretary ad interim, without the as-
sent of .the Senate, that body being then in
session and there being no vacancy in said
office. The answer to this allegation is, first,
it ws^ not an appointment requiring the assent
of the Senate, but a simple authority to act
temporarily; and second, there was a legal
vacancy in the office existing at the time.
Of article four it is sufficient to say that
there is no evidence to sustain it. There is
nothing bearing upon it except the idle vapor-
ing of Thomas himself of what he intended to
do; and he testifies under oath that the Presi-
dent never authorized or suggested the use of
force. What was said by Thomas was said
out of doors, not to Mr. Stanton, nor commu-
nicated, to him by message. The interviews
between General Thomas and Mr. Stanton
were of the most pacific character. The reply
of Mr. Stanton when the letter of the Presi-
dent was delivered to him was of a nature to
repel the idea of resistance, and the testimony
of General Sherman shows that the President
did not anticipate resistance.
It is essential to the support of this fourth
article, and also of article sixth, that intim-
idation and threats should have been contem-
plated by the parties chaigcdwitli the conspir-
acy, under the act of July 31, 1801. Those
failing, the charge fails with them in both
articles.
As to the fifth and seventh articles, the at-
tempt is made to sustain them under a law of
Congress, passed February 27, 1804, extend-
ing the criminal laws of Maryland over so
much of the District as was part of that State.
Inasmuch as the common law was, so far as it
had not been changed by statute, the law of
Maryland, and conspiracy a misdemeanor, the
President is charged with a misdemeanor by
conspiring with Thomas to do an act made
unlawful by the act of March 2,18G7. This is
the only interpretation which I am able, with
the aid of the arguments of the Managers, to
place upon these articles. Granting the po-
sitions assumed as the foundation for the
charges in these articles, they must fail if the
act which the President proposed to do was a
lawful act, and he did not propose to accom-
plish it by unlawful means. The removal of
Mr. Stanton is the means proposed in order to
prevent him from holding his office, as charged
in the fifth, and to take and possess the prop-
erty of the United States in his custody, as
charged in the seventh article. The right to re-
move him, therefore, disposes of both articles.
Outside of any of these considerations, I
have been unable to look upon either of'these
four articles as justifying a charge of conspir-
acy. The legal idea of a conspiracy is totally
inapplicable to the facts proved. The Pres-
ident, if yon please, intends to remove a per-
son from office by an open exercise of power,
against the provisions of a law. contending that jj
he has a right so to do, notwithstanding the j
law, and temporarily to supply the vacancy I
thus created. He issues an order to that effect, i
and at the same time orders another persouto I
take charge of the office, who agrees to do so. j
How these acts, done under a claim of right, j
can be tortured into a conspiracy, iu the ab- !
sence of any specific provision of law declar-
ing them to be such, is beyond my compre-
hension.
Article eight is disposed of by what has been
said on the preceding articles.
Article nine is, in my judgment, not only
without proof to support it, but actually dis-
proved* by the evidence.
With regard to the tenth article, the specifi-
cations are .sufficiently established by proof.
They are three in number, and are extracts
from speeches of the President ou different oq-
casions. It is not pretended that in speaking
any of the words the President violated the
Constitution, or any provision of the statute or
common law, either in letter or spirit. If such
utterance was a misdemeanor, it must be found
in the nature of the words themselves.
I am not prepared to say that the President
might not, within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion, be guilty of a misdemeanor in the use of
words. Being sworn "to preserve, protect,
and defend the Constitution," if he should in
words persistently deny its authority and en-
deavor by derisive and contemptuous language
to bring it into contempt and impair the respect
and regard of the people for their form of gov-
ernment, he might, perhaps, justly "be con-
sidered as guilty of a high misdemeanor in
office. Other cases might be supposed of a
like character and leading to similar results.
It remains to inquire what was the character
of the words proved.
Those spoken on the 18th day of August,
1866, contained nothing calculated to impair
the confidence of the country in our form of
government or in our cherished institutions.
They did not contain severe reflections upon
the conduct of a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment. They were not an attack upon Con-
gress as a branch of the Government, but upon
the conduct of the individuals composing the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. He did not speak of
Cohi/i-css generally as "hanging upon the verge
of the Government, as it were,1' but of a par-
ticular Congress, of which he spoke as assuming
to be "a Congress of the United States, while
in fact it is a Congress of only a part of the
States," and which particular Congress he ac-
cused of encroaching upon constitutional rights
and violating the fundamental principles of
government.
It may be remarked that those words were
not official. Tliey were spoken in reply to an
address made to him by a committee of his
fellow-citizens—spoken o/the Congress and not
to it. The words did not in terms deny that it
was a constitutional Congress or assert that it
had no power to pass laws. ITe asserted what
was true in point of fact, that it was a Congress
of only a part of the States. Granting that
the words spoken would seem to imply that he
had doubts, to some extent, of the true char-
acter of that Congress and the extent of its
powers, solongas several States were excluded
from representation, he did not, in fact or in
substance, deny its constitutional existence ;
while in all his official communications with
that Congress ho has ever treated it as a con-
stitutional body. Is there another man in the
Republic, in office or out of office, who had not
on that daya perfect rightto say what the Pres-
ident said ? Would any one think of punishing
any member of Congress for sayingout of doors
precisely the same things of the body of which
he was a member? Is the President alone
excluded from the privilege of expressing his
opinions of the constitution of a particular Con-
gress and of denouncing its acts as encroach-
ments upon "constitutional rights" and the
" fundamental principles of government? " In
process of time there might possibly be a Con-
gress which would be justly liable to the same
criminations of a President. In such a case
is he to remain silent, and is he forbidden by
the Constitution, on pain of removal from office,
to warn the people of the United States of
their danger?
It is not alleged that the President did not
believe what he said on this occasion to be
true. Whether he did or not is a question
between him and his conscience. If ho did,
he had a perfect moral right so to speak. If
he did not, his offense is against, good morals,
and not against any human law. There is, in
my judgment, nothing in these words to prove
the allegation that the President's intent in
speaking them was to impair and destroy the
respect of the people for the legislative power
of Congress, or the laws by it duly and consti-
tutionally enacted, or to set aside its rightful
authority and powers. If the word's were de-
signed to bring that particular Congress into
contempt, and to excite the resentment of the
people against it, however much I may dis-
approve bqth words , and intention, I do not
think them an impeachable offense.
The remarks contained in the second and
third specifications present themselves to my
mind in the same light. They, too, contain
severe reflections upon the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress ; nothing more. I have not been able to
discover any menaces or threats against Con-
gress, unless they are found in the declaration
that he would veto their measures ; and this,
I think, must in fairness be taken as applying
to measures of a certain, character, of which he
had been speaking. The speeches at Cleve-
land and St. .Louis, though highly objectionable
in style, and unbecoming a President of the
United States, afford nothing to justify the
allegation that t.hey were menacing toward
Congress or to the laws of the country. To
consider their utterance a high misdemeanor,
within the meaning of the Constitution, would,
in my view, be entirely without justification.
So highly did the people of this country esti-
mate the importance of liberty of speech to a
free people, that, not finding it to be specific-
ally guarantied in the Constitution, they pro-
vided for it in the first amendment, to that
instrument. "Congress shall make no law
abridging the freedom of speech." Undoubt-
edly there are great inconveniences, and per-
haps positive evils, arising from the too frequent
abuse of that freedom; more, perhaps, and
greater from an equally protected freedom of
the press. Butthe people of the United States
consider both as essential to the preservation
of their rights and liberties. They, therefore,
have chosen to leave both entirely unrestrained,
subjecting the abuse of that liberty only to
remedies provided by law for individual wrongs.
To deny the President a right to comment
freely upon the conduct of coordinate brandies
of the Government would not only be denying
him a right secured to every other citizen of
the Republic, but might deprive the people of
the benefit of his opinion of public affairs, and
of his watchfulness of their interests and wel-
fare. That under circumstances where he was
called upon by a large body of his fellow-citi-
zens to address them, and when he was goaded
by contumely and insult, he permitted himself
to transcend the limits of proper and dignified
speech, such as was becoming the dignity of
his station, is matter of deep regret and highly
censurable. But, in my opinion, it can receive
no other punishment than public sentiment
alone can inflict.
If I rightly understand the accusation con-
tained in the eleventh article it is substantially
this:
" That,, on the 18th day of August, 1866, the Presi-
dent, by public speech, declared, in substance, that
the Thirty-Ninth Congress was not a Congress of the
United States, authorized to cxercise legislative
power, thereby intending to deny that the legisla-
tion of said Congress was valid or obligatory on him,
except so far as he saw fit to approve the same, and
thereby denying, and intending to deny, the power
of said Thirty-Ninth Congress to propose amend-
ments to the Constitution,"
And " in pursuance of said declaration ' the
President, on the 21st day of February, 18G8,
attempted to prevent the execution of the act
of March 2, 1867:
First. By unlawfully attempting to devise
means to prevent Mr. Stanton from resuming
the functions of Secretary of War, after the
Senate had refused to concur in his suspension.
Second. By unlawfully attempting to devise
means to prevent the execution of the appro-
priation act for the support of the Army for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868.
And that further, in pursuance of said decla-
ration, he unlawfully attempted to prevent the
