1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am as anxious as the Senator from Illinois to
have Arkansas come into the Union as one of
the States and be represented here, provided it
can come in properly; and I trust that it will
meet with no opposition in the Senate when it
is properly presented; and I trust especially
that it will find no opposition from the Senator
from Illinois ; but the bill which I have called
up might have been passed during the time in
which he has been speaking here and urging
his bill. It will not take five minutes to dis-
pose of this bill, and the parties interested are
exceedingly earnest that it should be passed.
Let us get it out of the way and then take up
the bill of the Senator from Illinois; it will
then be unobstructed.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois states that it is important that the
bill admitting the State of Arkansas should be
passed as soon®3 possible, and his statement
is to me sufficient evidence of the truth of the
fact alleged by him ; but I would say to him
as a practical man that, in my judgment, the
bill would become a law at an earlier period
if it should be postponed until next week and
not acted upon now. He knows perfectly well
that if the bill is now brought up before the
Senate it will require some consideration.
There will be, I presume, no factious opposition
to it; I have no disposition to make any; but
of course it is a bill which will require exam-
ination and discussion. It will take a day or
two probably to pass it at the shortest. Then
it goes to the President. He has ten days
within which to consider it, if he sees fit to
take them. What he will do I do not know;
but I have no doubt that if this bill were to be
postponed until next week and then passed, as
it probably would be after not more than one
day's examination, it could immediately be-
come a law and the State of Arkansas could
be admitted, and those evils of which the Sen-
ator speaks could at once come to an end. In
my judgment he will accomplish the purpose
which he has in view at a more early day by
allowing this subject to pass over for a week.
The Senator must know perfectly well—it
cannot have escaped his attention—that the
question alluded to last week, mentioned as an
important question by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson",] the ques-
tion whether Senators from Arkansas, provided
they are admitted on this floor, can become
members of the court of impeachment, is a
question which may be raised.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course they can be.
Mr. DIXON. I know there are Senators
here who think they cannot be prevented from
voting; that they would have a right to take
the oath as members of that court of impeach-
ment. There are Senators who do not think
they ought to do it; who think it would be an
improper and indelicate act, but still that it
would be out of the power of the Senate to
prevent it. That is the opinion, I know, of
some Senators. Under these circumstances it
does seem to me it is not safe to press the
measure at this time, and I think the Senator
will gain nothing in point of time by doing so,
but, on the contrary, would produce a favor-
able practical result by postponing it until
next week.
Mr. CONNESS. The jhonorable Senator
from Connecticut has proved to his own satis-
faction, if not to that of others, what I
thought was an impossible proposition, that
the way to hasten the passage of a bill was to
postpone it, not to take it up. I had thought
sometime since, after this discussion went on,
that the Senate ought to be allowed to vote
upon it; that they sufficiently understood
whether they should go on with the considera-
tion of a bill to organize a corporation in the
District of Columbia or take up a bill to ad-
mit a State to representation in Congress;
and I hope we shall be allowed to vote upon
that proposition. I am in favor of taking up
the Arkansas bill and working upon.it. When
it shall be taken up it may be temporarily
laid over to consider this adjournment resolu-
tion and let the Senate vote upon that. Then
the Arkansas bill will be the order of business
until it is finished, and when we adjourn to-
day, if we meet to-morrow it will be the
business in order then, and if we adjourn for
a week it will be the business in order when
we meet then.
The question of whether the Senators from
this new State should vote upon the trial that
has just passed or is yet pending has been,
as I think, very irregularly intruded upon the
Senate heretofore, and the honorable Senator
from Connecticut continues it to-day, although
it is an established fact that the admission of
those Senators could make no change what-
ever in the result. Besides, it is almost im-
possible that they should get here at all or be
received until that vote shall have been taken.
I hope that that view of the case will be kept
out of the discussion entirely. Nobody con-
templates such a thing.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator says it is im-
possible that the votes of those two Senators,
if they were admitted and sworn as members
of the court of impeachment, should affect the
result. I desire to inquire of him how it is
impossible that those votes should affect the
result ?
Mr. CONNESS. I refer the Senator, for
I will not repeat them, to the remarks of the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] when this
subject was last up. I think they were con-
clusive in the ease.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator will find that it
is false arithmetic when he comes to look at it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the bill under considera-
tion until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe now that the
two propositions that are antagonized to each
other are a proposition in reality, though not in
form, for an adjournmentoverfora week, which
the honorable Senator from Missouri intends to
bring forward, and the proposition to take up
the Arkansas bill and proceed to its consider-
ation. Now, sir, I should like to know why,
when we have once settled this matter of an
adjournment, and I thought upon a very full
discussion, that took up several hours, if I
recollect aright, the proposition for adjourn-
ment over is again brought forward. What is
the object of it? It was sufficiently stated on
Saturday that the business of the body was
very much in arrear. Everybody knows that
it is very late in the season. Everybody knows
that we are considerably behind the House of
Representatives in our business, and that if
we would get through in any decent season we
must be doing business. The idea that we
cannot do business this week on account of the
excitement of our minds, and that we can do
it next week, when we shall have had an addi-
tional dose of excitement, is a little remark-
able to me. I am apprehensive that we shall
have just as much excitement next week as we
have had this and as we have now. If this
matter of impeachment is to go forward with
an adjournment from week to week, acting
upon one article and then adjourning over for
another week to act upon another article, and
so on to the end of the eleven, 1 apprehend it
will take some time before we get through with
the business sufficiently to get rid of the excite-
ment under which we are said to be laboring.
Now, sir, I hope that we shall proceed with
the business of the Senate. I am in the con-
dition that the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Stjmner] described himself to be
the other day, and that is, always opposed to
these adjournments over. We had one at the
beginning of the session for ten days or a fort-
night: I do not remember the length of it.
Mr. MORTON. Twentv days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Twenty days. That
was to adjourn over the Christmas holidays.
Mr. CONNESS. Sixteen days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And we now propose
at this very late period, in the latter part of
May, to adjourn over again. When are we to
conclude business, or are we to conclude noth-
ing at all? Everybody knows that the Calen-
dar is encumbered now just as much as it ever
was at a long session with most important bills.
Hardly any of the appropriation bills have
passed this body. I do not consider myself
particularly responsible about it one way or the
other, for I have been here in my seat every
day and ready to proceed with business; but
gentlemen must consider that we are getting
into very warm weather, and that it is important
to make progress in the business of the country.
What will be the result if we continue to act
in this way'? Why, sir, we all know we have
a presidential election coming on in the fall.
Very soon members will be anxious to be at
home. It is hard enough to do business in the
long session preceding a presidential election
at any time ; and now we have got to be so late
in the session that gentlemen will find them-
selves exceedingly crowded, and the result will
be that all the important legislation of this ses-
sion will go over, and we shall do none at all,
substantially. We may pass the appropriation
bills, because it will not do to adjourn until
they are passed ; but if there is anything else
of any consequence that gentlemen have on
hand they will find that business cannot be
attended to.
I hope, Mr. President, that we shall adhere
to the resolution we adopted on Saturday, and
that is, refuse to adjourn, if for nothing else
for appearance sake, to look as if we were dis-
posed to do something in the way of business
for the benefit of the country, whether we are
or not; at any rate to hold out the appearance
tof a disposition to labor and to let things stand
before the country in their proper shape.
As to this Arkansas bill, I am not particu-
larly interested in its being taken up to-day or
at any other day. I think we ought to act
upon it. But, sir, as it pleases some gentle-
men to refer to me as an obstructionist always,
I should like to see how the anti-obstructionists
vote in this business. We have been told that
it is very important to act upon the bill for the
admission of Arkansas, and I accede to the
importance of it. My honorable friend from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] madeamosteloquentspeech
here the other day on the subject of acting
now, instantly, on the admission of Arkansas
without a moment's delay ; and we have heard
from gentlemen time after time the extreme
importance of getting these States into the
Union just as quick as possible. I should like
to see some action in that direction, and not
an adjournment over for a week the moment
we touch the point where there caii be some
action. Why, sir, it has been said, I have no
doubt with very great truth, that the condition
of these Statts is such as requires that they
should be under a regular government at once,
have a government in operation, in force. We
know that there can be no protection afforded
by any government until it is admitted into the
Union and recognized as the legal and consti-
tutional government of the State, and every
day that that is put off they are left precisely in
the same condition that they are now. Why
not, then, take up the bill, if gentlemen are so
anxious, and act upon it?
As to the other question which my honorable
friend from Connecticut suggests, I have no
apprehension about it one way or the other. I
should not envy the condition of that member
of the Senate who should propose to admin-
ister the oath as a member of the court of
impeachment to either of those gentlemen if
they should come here as Senators from Arkan-
sas. Still less should I envy the condition of
any one who proposed to take the oath and to
act as a member of the court under such cir-
cumstances. It may be. We see strange things
every day, and that may present itself; but I
have no apprehension about it, for I have ncit
the slightest question there is no power, no
constitutional right of any kind, that would
allow members, admitted under such circum-
stances, after a trial was had and over, passing
into a judgment, to vote ; and I have no appre-
hension that any man will so commit his rep-
utation, if it is of any value to him, as to pro-
pose himself to take the oath under such
circumstances.
