3540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
States may receive the same benefit as now
enjoyed by relatives of soldiers as regards
bounty, asked to be discharged from_ its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee ou Naval Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (8. No.
202) for the relief of Captain Phelps Paine, of
Illinois, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Segar, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
575) for the relief of Joseph Segar. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of llobert Gib-
son, for relief for damages done to his farm by
United States troops in 18G4 and 1805, have
had the same under consideration, and have
come to a conclusion to report a bill granting
relief to some extent; but the petitioner desires
that no report should be made, and asks leave,
under these circumstances, to withdraw his
papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor moves that the committee be discharged,
and that the petitioner have leave to withdraw
his papers.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the debate the other
day on the proposition t« regulate the publica-
tion of advertisements in this District, I stated
that the Clerk of the House of Representatives
was authorized to select, and did select, the
two newspapers in which. the advertisements
were published. The Clerk calls tny attention
to the fact that in this I not only misunderstood
the law, but, perhaps, did injustice to him. I
lind by reference to the law—and at his request
I make the statement—that these papers were
selected as the two newspapers in the city of
Washington having the largest circulation, as
required by law, and he had no part in the
selection of these papers except in compliance
with the law. I make this statement at his
request. I certainly did not wish to do that
very excellent officer any injustice.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the IIouso had passed a bill (H. II. No.
1284) to change and more eflfectually secure
the collection of internal taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and to anient the tax pn
banks, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
670) relating to the district courts of Utah
Territory; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
577) to amend an act entitled uAn act to ex-
empt certain manufacturers from internal tax,
and for other purposes," approved March 31,
1868 ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on B'inanee.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 578) to regulate trade between the
United States and the British North American
provinces, and for other purposes ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 579) to establish a new land district in the
State of Nebraska ; whieh was read twice by
its title, referred to the CommJttee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIA51 HENltY OTIS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the consent, of
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 279, for
the relief of Mr. Otis, of Indiana.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from
Indiana whether it is likely that this bill will
occupy much time in discussion ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think not.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very anxious this
morning to call up Senate bill No. 256, relating
to the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. Ialso desire to give notice
that I am very anxious to call up a bill this
morning.
Mr. HOWARD. I will make r.o objection
to taking up the bill of the Senator from In-
diana, if he assures us that it will consume very
little time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot make any
assurance as to what other gentlemen may
think of this bill. The Committee on Claims
thought it all right, and made a unanimo'us
report in its favor, and I think it is right. That
is all I can say.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
279) for the relief of William Henry Otis, the
pending question being on concurring in the
amendment read as in Committee of the Whole,
to strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause and in lieu of the words stricken out
to insert the following :
Thnt the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to pay, or cause to
be paid, to William Henry Otis, of Indianapolis, in
the State of Indiana, the sum of $3,000, in full con-
sideration for growing crop, fencing, and fruit trees
destroyed upon, and damages done by the United
States troops in and to forty-five and a half acres of
land belonging t.o the said William Henry Otis,
know as Camp Burnside, iyingand being adjaeentto
the said city of Indianapolis, while said la.nd was
occupied by said troops from the year 1861 to the
year 1806.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is a report ac-
companying the bill, which will make a better
explanation than anything I can say, and there-
fore I call for its reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I beg pardon. I had
forgotten that the report was read before. It
need not be read again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no recollection
of the report having been read before. .There
was a statement made about this bill, and at
the request of (he Senator from Illinois it went
over. 1 should like to hear the report read
to know how much it involves.
The Chief Clerk commenced the reading of
the report of the Committee on Claims, and
after having proceeded for some time,
Mr. CONKLING. If this report is being
read, as I believe it is, on my motion, I desire
to say that I have looked at the bill, and I see
that the amount is reduced from over twenty
thousand dollars to $3,000, and as there is
some relief in that I do not insist on the fur-
ther reading of the report. I shall vote against
the bill, but inasmuch as about eighteen thou-
sand dollars has been deducted I am willing to
waive the reading of the report.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to know
how much we are giving for these damages.
What is the sum appropriated?
The Chief Clerk. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. HO WARD. The claim was nearly thirty
thousand dollars.
Mr. CAMERON. And he got over four
thousand dollars rent, I understand.
Mr. HOWARD. The authorities paid him
about four thousand 'dollars fur rent.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not see that we
ought to pay any more.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,,
Mr. SHEiiMAN. I ask that the tux bill be
taken up, read a first, and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change and
more effectually secure the collection of inter-
nal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and
to amend the tax on banks, was read twice by
its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have already been considering the bill
while it was under consideration in the House.
I ask leave of the Senate for the menjberg of
the Committee on Finance to sit during the
sessions of the Senate.
Leave was granted.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO,
Mr. YATES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 11.
Mr. CONNESS. What is that?
Mr. YATES. The Colorado bill. We can
get a vote upon it now, 1 think.
Mr. CONNESS. It will be impossible to
dispose of that now.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. N. 11) to admit
the State of Colorado into the Union, the
pending question being on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Territories, to add
the following as an additional section :
Sec. 4. And be it further unacted, That it shall be
tho duty of the acting Governor of the Territory of
Colorado, as soon as practicable after the passageof
this aot, by proclamation, to call a general election
to choose membersof theStateLegislature and State
officers to fill the places of all whose terms of office
shall have expired under said constitution. Said
election shall be held, and the legal voters registered
under the laws now in force in said Territory. Th©
time for holding said election shall be fixed not more
than ninety days after the passage oi this act, and
the time for the meeting of tho legislature at the
capital of the Territory and the installation of the
State officers shall be fixed not more than thirty
days after said election, by said proclamation. All
the officers so elected shall continue in office until
the commencement of the next constitutional ternj
of their offices respectively; Provided, That before
being- admitted to representation in Congress, tbe
Legislature so elected and convened shall ratify tho
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
known as the fourteenth article; and also the funda-
mental conditions herein imposed. And in ease gaid
Legislature shall refuse to ratify said amendment
and said conditions, this act shall be null and void*
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting a substitute, which I ask to have re&d.
I will state that my amendment consists of a
proposition to pass an enabling act to author-
ize the Territories of Montana and Colorado
to form constitutions and State governments
preparatory to their admission as States into
the Union.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the amendment of the Commit-
tee being to perfect the original bill is first in
order. After that the substitute can be pro-
posed. The question now is on agreeing to
the amendment of the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Illi-
nois if he will not consent to amend the amend-
ment so as to provide that this act shall be
void either in case the Legislature refuses to
ratify the amendment, or in case the Legis-
lature refuses to he admitted or to vote for
admission ; ho as to take the sense of this
Legislature that is to be elected upon the ques-
tion of admission.
Mr. SUMNER. I will suggest to my friend
to put that in legislative shape.
Mr. HOWE. I move to insert after the
word " conditions," in the last lino of the
amendment, the words 11 or shall decide against
being admitted into the Union;" so that the
clause will read :
And in case said Legislature shall refuse to ratify
said amendment and said conditions, or shall deevl©
against being admitted into the Union, this aet shall
be null and void.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
