458
SUPPLEMENT TO
To decide otherwise would be to say that the
Presidenthas the absolute and unlimited power,
at all times and under all circumstances, to re-
move from and appoint to office, and that so
much of the Constitution as provides that the
President "shall nominate, and by and with
the adyieeand consentof the Senate appoint,"
is of no effect. Nothing would be necessary to
annihilate all participation by the Senate in
appointments, except to call the appointee, in
case of removal, an officer ad interim.—that is,
an officer to hold until.it suits the purposes of
the President to send a nomination to the Sen-
ate to which it is willing to agree.
Untiring and exhaustive researches on be-
half of the President do not_ show, and I
venture to assert that not one single instance
can be found in the history of the Government,
where the head of a Department has been re-
moved and a successor appointed while the
Senate was in session without the advice and
consent of that body. Nothing is clearer to
my mind than that the power of the President
over the offices of the country during the ses-
sion of the Senate is one thing, and his power
during the recess of the Senate is another and
a different thing.
When the Constitution says that the Presi-
dent mayfill up all vacancies that may happen
during the recess of the Senate it certainly
confers upon him a power which he does not
possess and cannot exercise while the Senate
is in session.
When removals have been made during the
recess of the Senate it has been argued that
vacancies made in this way have happened ;
therefore they could be filled temporarily by
the President; but now it is proposed, by build-
ing one inference upon another, to include a
session as well as a recess, and so abrogate
the authority of the Senate and invest the Exec-
utive with absolute aud despotic power. I am
very certain that the practice of removals and
temporary appointments stands upon that clause
of the Constitution which refers to the recess
of the Senate, and in my judgment it is not
only a total departure from the precedents, but
a plain violation of the Constitution, to make
one of its sections which applies exclusively to
a recess apply also and equally to a session of
the Senate.
Congress, if it should try, could not delegate
any such power to the President. Congress
may vest the appointment of certain inferior
officers in the President alone, in the courts of
law, or in the heads of Departments ; but Con-
gress can no more vest the power in the Pres-
ident of removing and appointing the head of
a Department without the advice of the Senate
than it can vest the power in the President to
make a treaty without the concurrence of the
Senate.
The practice of the Government has not been
inconsistent with this view of the Constitution.
Pickering's case, in 1800, is cited, but there
the removal and nomination to the Senate were
simultaneous acts. President Adams did not
attempt to make any appointment.
Some cases of ad interim appointments to
provide for casualties have been produced, but
no ease can be found where the President, uno
Jlatu, removed and appointed the head of a
Department while the Senate was in session
without its consent.
President Johnson cannot say that he was
mistaken as to this point, for, in addition to
what he must have learned from many years of
public service, he declared in a speech which
lie delivered in the Senate on the 10th of Jan-
uary, 1861, in the most emphatic manner, that j
the President had no such power as he has ex- !
excised in the removal of Stanton and the j
appointment of Thomas. j
i do not find that the act of 1789 or subse-
quent acts upon this subject have ever been
so construed as to warrant the executive acts
in question, and they could not be so construed
without ignoring the clear distinction which the
Constitution makes between a recess and a
«ession of the Senate. Concerning the decis-
ion of 1789, which is made the head and front
of the defense in this case, it may be said that
it was brought about by the arguments _ of
James Madison in the House and the casting
vote of Vice President Adams in the Senate,
both of whom at the time expected to fill the
executive office, and both of whom, it has been
said, looked upon a contrary decision as ex-
pressing a want of confidence in the then ad-
ministration of Washington. Most, if not all,
of the distinguished legislators and judges of
the nation, such as Webster, Clay, Calhoun,
Kent, Story, and the Supreme Court of the
United States, with Marshall at its head, have
affirmed the incorrectness of that decision, and
experience has demonstrated its mischievous
and corrupting tendencies and effects. Web-
ster, commenting on this decision, and speak-
ing of the framers of the Constitution, in
1835, said:
"I have tho clearest conviction that they looked
to no other mode ot displacing an officer than by irn-
pcaehmcnt, or by the regular appointment of another
person to the same place."
I think it wholly unnecessary to discuss the
acts of 1792, 1795, and 1863, because they have
been swept out of existence by the tenure-of-
office act of March 2,1867. This is established
by the application of two familiar rules of law.
One is, that the act of March 2,1807, embraced
and provided for the temporary and perma-
nent appointment and removal of every officer
whose appointment is vested in the President
and the Senate; and the other is, its clear re-
pugnancy to all preceding legislation on the
subject.
Great effort has been made to show that the
removal of Stanton and the appointment of
Thomas were unimportant infractions of the
statute, and therefore the President ought to
be acquitted.
Adopting the views of the President that this
Senate is a court, and finding that the accused
has committed an act which the law declares
to be a high misdemeanor, then it follows, ac-
cording to all misgoverning judicial tribunals,
that a judgment for conviction must be given,
no matter what Senators may think of the wis-
dom of the law or the nature of-the offense.
Much of the argument for the defense proceeds
upon the ground that the President has a right
to decide for himself as to the constitutionality
of an act of Congress. Whatever may be the
correct view of this question, it must bo admit-
ted that if tho President violates a penal law
of Congress he does so at his peril. When
impeached for such an act, if the Senate upon
the trial holds the law to bo unconstitutional
and void, he must, ot' course, be acquitted;
but if the Senate holds the law to bo constitu-
tional and valid, it must necessarily convict.
Any public officer or private citizen may test
the validity of a criminal statute by its viola-
tion, but in so doing he undertakes to suffer its
penalties, if, upon his trial, it is upheld and
enforced by judicial authority.
To allow any person not acting judicially
when arraigned for crime to plead, in bar of
the prosecution, his mistaken opinion of the
justice or validity of the law, would be to de-
liver over the land to anarchy and crime.
Two questions only as to this law are before
the Senate. One is, Is it constitutional? and
the other is, Has it been violated by the Pres-
ident? Webster said, in one of his great
speeches, that "the regulation of the tenure
of office is a common exercise of legislative
authority, and the power of Congress in this
particular is not at all restrained or limited by
anything contained in the Constitution, except
as to judicial officersand I am very sure that
the Senate, after having three times decided
by more than a two-thirds vote of the mem-
bers present each time that the tenure-of-office
act is constitutional, will now regard that ques-
tion as res adjudicata.
Has the President broken any of the pro-
visions of the act? Nobody denies that the
body of tho first section, which provides that
i every person appointed to office by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate shall
hold until his successor is in like manner ap-
pointed and qualified, embraces the Secretary
of War; but an attempt is made to construe
the proviso to the section so as to exclude that
officer from the protection of the act. To
maintain this construction reliance ^-chiefly
placed upon some remarks of Senat^gSHER-
man, in connection with the bill. I presume,
on this account, it maybe proper for me to say
that I introduced the original bill, and had the
honor, to be chairman of the committee of
conference by whom this proviso was reported.
When the bill passed the Senate the heads of
Departments were expressly excepted, but the
House of Bepresentatives amended it by strik-
ing out that exception, and the conference
committee agreed to the House amendment,
with a modification as to the time during which
such officers should be under the protection of
the law. There was no suggestion or intima-
tion in the committee that the act did not ap-
ply to Mr. Johnson's Cabinet, and the only
purpose of the proviso was to put a limitation
upon the holding of Cabinet officers, and that
is its fair construction.
Great stress has been put upon the words
"except as herein otherwise provided" just
preceding the proviso, but the fact is that these
words were in the bill before the proviso was
attached and refer to the fourth section, and,
therefore, instead of being an exception, the
proviso is a mere qualification of the general
words of the section. I do not see how it is
possible to conclude that Mr. Stanton is not
protected by the body of the section or the
proviso. If he is within tho proviso, then he
has a right to hold for one month after the end
of some presidential term, and cannot in the
mean time be removed without the consent of
the Senate. That is the time expressly fixed
by the proviso when a Secretary ceases to be
under the protection of the Senate, and it
makes no difference whether the present is
Lincoln's or Johnson's presidential term. If
Mr. Stanton is not affected by the proviso,
then he is necessarily within the body of the
section, for that includes every officer in the
United States appointed by and with tho advice
and consent of the Senate, which is exactly
Stanton's case.
The idea that this act took effect two years
before it was enacted, so as to remove anybody
from office at that time, is a simple absurdity.
Considerable discussion has taken place as to
whether or not the present is Mr. Lincoln's
or Mr. Johnson's presidential term. This, as
it seems to me, is an unimportant but not
doubtful question. When the Constitution
speaks of the term of the President, it means
a definite period of four years, not an uncer-
tain time dependent upon the death, resigna-
tion or removal of the person who takes pos-
session of the office; and therefore the pres-
ent'is Mr. Lincoln's term, unless there can be
two presidential terms between the 4th of
March, 1865, and the 4th of March, 1869.
Let us look at the second section of the
tenure-of-office act. That provides that when
any officer appointed as aforesaid, that is, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
is suspended, and the Senate do not concur in
the suspension, such officer shall forthwith
resume the functions of his office.
E. M. Stanton was appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. lie was
suspended. The Senate did not concur in his
suspension. It was then his right and duty
forthwith to resume the functions of his office ;
but the President would not allow him so to
do, for ho not only cut off all official relations
with Mr. Stanton, but appointed, received, and
recognized another person as Secretary of War.
What quibble can be found to excuse this plain
violation of the law ? Admitting, for the sake
of argument, that the President could legally
remove Mr. Stanton, then I deny that he could
legally appoint Thomas ad interim, for the
reason that the second section of the tenure-
of-office act declares that upou the suspension
