THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Mr. CONNESS. If the honorable Senator
•will allow me to say so, nobody in this body
has yet suggested sueh a thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am answering the
honorable Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes; and it will be ob-
served, if the Senator will permit me to say it,
that ali the suggestions which have been made
on that subject have come from a certain side
of that case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely; and I am
saying that I do not believe that any sueh prop-
osition will be made. I cannot believe it for a
moment. I do not impute it to anybody. I
said 1 should not envy the position of any mem-
ber of this court who should propose such a
thing, and still less should I envy the position
of any man who should propose himself to act
in such a case as that. Why, sir, the country
would cry shame upon the very suggestion of
the proposition. 1 have not the slightest ap-
prehension of anything of the kind.
Therefore, if Senators are desirous that the
State of Arkansas should come in here, as I
am and as I suppose we all are, why not take
up that bill and act upon it, instead of pro-
posing at once to adjourn over a week, and
have no question or delay in the matter; or if
Senators do not choose to take up that bill—1
do not speak of that particularly—take up some
other; take up this question of the organization
of an insurance company in the District of
Columbia, which is so important that my hon-
orable friend from New Hampshire thinks no
delay can be had upon it because the gentle-
men interested in it want to be active in their
insurance business?
Mr. CONNESS. And the Senator has a
jail to construct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have got a bill here
that would have saved the country some thou-
sands of dollars if it had been passed before,
when it was defeated by one objection and I
could not bring it up, and that is, for the erec-
tion of a jail in the District of Columbia. .We
are losing time every day, if we are to proceed
with it. It is under contract; the contract
has been delayed ; and we have a bill here to
set that right and to proceed with that matter
at once. I have asked the Senate once to
consider it. I propose to ask them again.
We can do it this week. Our minds are not
So dreadfully excited that we cannot pass a
good bill for the erection of a jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and also the bill of my friend
from New Hampshire for the organization of
an insurance company in the District of Co-
lumbia. We can pass them both this week,
notwithstanding this intense excitement which
it is said unfits us for business ; and I dare say
there are several other bills as important as
either that we could act upon if we will not
take up the case of Arkansas and act upon
that. Therefore, I appeal to Senators again
to go on with the business of the session and
let us do something at any rate, or manifest a
disposition to do something at least.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the bill under considera-
tion until to-morrow.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What bill is that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. "A bill
to incorporate the National Life Insurance
Companjr of the United States of America."
Mr. DIXON. I have only one word to say
in regard to the subject to which I alluded,
called forth by the comments of the Senator
from California. I was not the first to intro-
duce it. It was introduced by a Senator who
knows better than I do what is proper in this
body ; and inasmuch as he had introduced it I
made some remarks following him ; but I
thought, I must confess, that it was perfectly
proper for him to say what he did and for me
to say what I did about it.
I agree entirely with the Senator from Maine,
who has just spoken, that there would be no
right on the part of members admitted as mem-
-bers of the Senate subsequent to this time to
•be sworn as members of the court of impeach-
ment. I agree with him that it wouM be a
shame and a disgrace, and it would be so con-
sidered by the whole people of this country;
but still, as a legal question, I do know that
there are Senators in this body, able and dis-
tinguished men and lawyers of ability, who
think that if these Arkansas gentlemen were
admitted as Senators of the United States
there is no power here to refuse thcra the
oath ; and moreover there are some Senators
who believe they would be compelled to act.
That being the ease, it seems to me improper
that such a question as that should ever be
raised; but still 1 am so far satisfied with the
declaration of the honorable Senator from
Maine on this subject of his opinion, and so
far believing that that opinion would, to a very
great extent, control the opinion of the Senate,
I am, for myself, willing to drop that subject.
I have accomplished the purpose that I had in
view.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very glad that the
Senator is willing to drop that subject. I was
just about to say that 1 had thought the days
of belief in ghosts and hobgoblins had passed
away; that in this day of railroads and steam
it was no place for belief in them; but the
honorable Senator froin Connecticut seems to
be frightened at the ghosts of two Arkansas
Senators, and he will continue to discuss them.
I hope we have heard the last of that subject.
I do not know why it should have been intro-
duced at all.
Mr. DBAICE. I do not feel that it would be
proper at this moment of time to respond to
the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Maine, for the question upon which the most
of his remarks were made is not now before the
Seriate. The question simply is, whether the
bill presented by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, which was in process of being read, shall
be laid aside to take up the bill which the Sen-
ator from Illinois proposes to take up, and upon
that I appealed to the Senator from Illinois to
withhold his motion until we could act upon
the matter of the resolution returned to us from
the House. The Senator from Illinois did not
see fit to accede to that request; and now the
simple question is, whether the Senate will de-
cline at this moment to sustain the resolution
of the Senator from Illinois in order to enable
us to determine a matter of mere proceeding
between the two Houses, which is now lying
upon the table; and the Senator seeks to sup-
plant the action upon that, as I understand it,
by taking up the Arkansas bill and to throw
out the'bill of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, too. I do not wish to discuss the mat-
ter. I am perfectly ready to vote upon the
proposition of the Senator from Illinois, and I
think the sooner we vote upon it the better, for
the reason that I understand it is extremely
difficult to keep a quorum in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and we had better act upon the
other proposition speedily and let them know
what we say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The opin-
ion of the Chair is, that these double motions
are not in order. Postponing one bill for the
purpose of taking up another is well enough in
argument, but I believe there is no rule for it.
The question is on postponing the bill now
under consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For the purpose I an-
nounced.
Mr. DIXON. The Senate will excuse me
for saying one word more. The Senator from
California, when he was up the last time but
one, said that the subject was introduced by
what he was pleased to call " the other side,"
I suppose meaning those who voted 
Mr. CONNLSS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I did not say "the other side."
Mr. DIXON. That was the substance, per-
haps not the very words; but the idea was that
they introduced it.
Mr. CONNESS. I said "a certain side."
Mr. DIXON. That he said in reply to the
Senator from Maine. Now, I wish to remind
the Senator from California that two of the
leading newspapers of the country which have
taken up this subject and assumed to them-
selves the power of judging in this case," and I
will name them—the New York Tribune and
the Washington Chronicle—have both, if I am
not very much mistaken, suggested the idea
that these Senators should be admitted, and
that they should be sworn as members of the
court of impeachment and act upon.this case.
Mr. CON NESS. It is very evident that the
honorable Senator has been frightened from
some source or other. I am very sorry to find
that at this time his fears are so much stronger
than his courage.
Mr. DIXON. I do not claim to have the
courage of that Senator, but I have sufficient
to do my duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. This discussion shows
the folly of attempting to arrange the order of
business by a motion to postpone, because this
motion to postpone, if it is carried how, would
lead to a struggle between tti® other motions,
both of which would be pressed upon us, one
by the honorable Senator from Illinois and the
other by the Senator from Missouri. Now, if
there is no objection to the passage of the bill
before us, it does seem to me the most ordeily
way would bo to dispose of the bill in which
the Senator from New Hampshire takes an
interest, and which is undoubtedly for a good
object, the organization of an insurance com-
pany. I see no objection to going on and
passing that bill. We should have passed it
in one fourth the time which has been occu-
pied in debating the motion as to whether we
shall take lip two other subjects.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is always the
case.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is always the case on
a motion to postpone a bill, unless it is made
in antagonism to the bill itself. If a Senator
is opposed to a bill a motion to postpone is a
legitimate mode of opposition ; but where ail
are willing to have the bill pass it seems to me
a motion to postpone to take up another bill
creates confusion. I am in favor of the bill
the Senator from Illinois desires to take up.
and wish to vote upon it, and should like to
vote upon it this evening; but it seems to me
the better way would be to go on and finish the
bill before us, and then vote with hiui to take
up his bill, and stand by it.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. Mr. President, a long
practice in the Senate since I have been here
has prevailed to move to postpone one bill for
the purpose of taking up another, and it has
been understood that when the one bill was
postponed the other would come up. I do not
think ordinarily the two motions have been
put, but doubtless they may be. There was no
other way to get a vote upon taking up the
Arkansas bill. The Senator from Ohio says
he will vote to take it up when this bill is dis-
posed of. I sought to get it up when the bill
was disposed of which the Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Chasdi.ee] had in charge, but tha
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Ham.ax] obtained the
floor and moved to take up another hill. I
waited until that was through. I struggled for
the floor again, but the Senator from Xew
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] obtained the lioor
and moved to take up another bill. If 1 wait
until that is through the Senator from ML-.souri
[Mr. Drake] will move to take up another sub-
ject. There is no assurance that we can ever
get at a bill under such circumstances, and in
order that the Senate might indicate by its
vote whether it was disposed to consider ttie
bill in reference to Arkansas 1 moved, as the
only means by which I could get the floor, to
postpone the bill before us after its reading had
been proceeded with for some time. As 1 was
entitled to the floor upon that bill, after obtain-
ing the floor I moved to lav it aside, and an-
nounced the purpose to be'to take up the bill
for the recognition of the State government of
Arkansas. Now, it is for the Senate to decide
whether it will postpone the bill before it or
not, my purpose being to call up the bill for
the recognition of the State of Arkansas, whioh
1 suppose will be the next question, if this
motion prevails, provided the Chair should
think it necessary to put the additional motion.
