1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3541
Mr. FERRY. I desire to propose an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the fourth sec-
tion reported by the committee, following
immediately, I suppose, the amendment jnst
made. That came m at the end of the fourth
section.
Mr. HOWE. Not at the end, but near the
end.
Mr.. FERRY. I propose to insert at the end
of the fourth section reported by the committee
the following:
And the said Legislature shall proceed according
to law to the election of Senators in Congress, if said
Legislature shall decide in favor of the admission of
said State.
Mr, RAMSEY. That is all right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee, as amended.
Mr. DAVIS. I will offer an amendment to
the amendment. After the word "constitu-
tion," at the end of the sixth line, I move to
insert the words u and which Legislature shall
on assembling proceed to choose two Senators
to the Congress of the United States."
Mr. YATES. That is already provided for
by an amendment adopted a few minutes ago.
Mr. DAVIS. It must have been adopted
while I was out. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. As I have not been able
to see this amendment as it stands, I wish to
inquire of the honorable Senator having the
measure in charge whether there is any provis-
ion, in case the amendment and bill be adopted,
by which tho people are to be enabled to vote
upon the constitution or to amend it if they
wish?
Mr. YATES. If the Senator will examine
the last section—section four—-he will see that
it is the duty of the Governor of the Territory
by proclamation to call a general election of
members of the State Legislature and State
officers, and this Legislature, when chosen, is
to decide the question whether the State shall
be admitted upon the constitution heretofore
adopted, and also upon the question of ratify-
ing the constitutional amendment and the con-
ditions attached to this bill. If they decide in
favor of the constitutional amendment and
those conditions they come in, and if not, this
act is null and void.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems, then, Mr.
President, that no provision is made for the
adoption or rejection of this constitution, or
its amendment if the people see fit to amend it.
I am aware thatthere might be agood practical
objection, if the bill were in such form as to
provide for the admission without the holding
of a popular election, to requiring a vote upon
the constitution ; but I submit to the honorable
Senator, as the bill already requires a popular
election to choose a Legislature, what is the
objection to inserting a provision that at that
same election the people shall agree or dis-
agree to this constitution? I know there is a
conflict of understanding as to what has hap-
pened in the Territory touching the ratification
of the constitution. It is asserted on the one
hand that a vote was given recently which con-
structively affirmed in some way the wish of
the majority to adopt this constitution and be
admitted under it, but that is stoutly denied
011 the oilier side. Now, I suggest that to
avoid all difficulty, as there is to be an election
by the people preceding the admission, the
constitution itself ought to be submitted at that
election. Why not? It will make no added
trouble*; and! inquire of the Senator whether
any objection occurs to him to submitting the
constitution to the popular vote.
Mr. YATES. 1 will state to the Senior
that there seems to be no objection in the Ter-
ritory on the part of any person or any party
to the constitution. The only question is
■whether the Territory should be admitted as a
State. There was some objection on the part
of some persons to the members-elect to the
Senate taking their seats, but that objection is
now obviated by the amendment which has
been offered by the Senator from Connecticut.
There is no sort of objection to the constitu-
tion, and I believe the Senator himself would
agree to it. In all the communications before
the committee, and in the various petitions and
memorials, there has been no objection what-
ever to the constitution. By the bill as we
have now amended it the whole question is
submitted to the Legislature, and they can
come in or not as they see proper, adopting the
conditions proposed and the constitutional
amendment. That is the sum and substance
of the amendment we propose.
Mr. CONKLING. Conceding the force of
what the Senator says, I beg to make a sug-
gestion to him. I have read this constitution ;
1 have no fault to find with it on its face. It
is true, however, that a constitution was formed
regularly in the Territory of Colorado, which
constitution was rejected by the people. In
saying this I state what is a historical fact. A
constitution was framed in the Territory by a
regularly constituted authority for that purpose,
and that constitution was rejected by the pop-
ular vote of the Territory. Then another con-
stitution, to wit: this constitution was framed
irregularly by a corivention informal, if you
please—I do not wish to apply too strong a
word'—a convention not assembled in accord-
ance with the usage and the understanding
applicable to such things. Now, the Senator
says that nobody in the Territory objects to it.
That is a mixed question, a question composed
of a great many uncertain elements. All sorts
of representations have been made as to the
particular questions upon which votes were
taken and the particular understandings which
prevailed during those elections. I submit to
the Senate that if this constitution is satisfac-
tory to the people of the Territory of all parties,
and if a popular election is to be held with a
view to choosing a Legislature that is to select
Senators and to adopt fundamental compacts,
it would be very harmless, and I think wise, to
include in that election a vote on the constitu-
tion. It would be a mere pro forma vote, as
the Senator supposes; but considering the
inception of this constitution, considering the
want of regularity in itsorigin, I think it would
round out this proceeding and make it much
more complete to allow the popular vote to be
taken upon the constitution than to assume
that it is satisfactory to the people of the
Territory.
As I have said, I would not press the sug-
gestion if it involved the holding of an election
for that purpose alone ; norshould I be iuduced
to do it if it involved delay ; but I beg Sen-
ators again to remember that it involves neither.
It makes no added trouble. It is nothing but
the provision of an additional ballot-box, at
which the same electors shall deposit their
votes upon this question as well as upon the
others, which, at the election already provided
for, are to be submitted.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say to the
Senator from New York that I do not think
the amendment of the committee as it is
printed provides for a general election. _ It
provides only for an election to fill uj5 vacancies.
Mr. FERRY. But as some of them are
State officers it will require a general election.
Mr. CAMERON. it may have been gotten
up for that purpose, but if so, it ddes not meet
the object. The provision is :
That it shall be tho duty of the acting Governor
of the Territory of Colorado as soon us practicable
after tho passage of this act, by proclamation, to call
a general election to choose members of tlio bfcate
Legislature and State officers to till the places of
all whose terms of office shall have expired under
said constitution.
I propose to strike out the words "to fill the
places of all whose terms of office shall have
expired," and then it will be a general election
in truth and in fact. It is not now. Under
the clause as it stands you would bring together
the members of the Legislature that were
elected three years ago, if they could be found.
Of course some of them will be gone. Some
are living in distant Stales probably. But they
will be brought together for a special purpose
under this act. Surely the chairman of th%
Committee on Territories did not intend to pasS
a section which would have one meaning to
himself and one to the public. Therefore I
take it for granted that he will agree with me
in striking out the words I have indicated.
Mr. YATES. I see no objection to that.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I shall take buff
a moment in what I have to say, and what I
have to say on this subject will be directly in
reply to the Senator from New York. This
constitution was adopted in Colorado in the
manner prescribed by itself; and if this State
be admitted it will have been declared to be
the fundamental law there for some time past.
If the position of the Senator from New York
is sustained we are not here admitting a State,
but we are passing an enabling act providing
that if they will make a constitution or readopt
this they can come in. I submit to the Sen-
ator that that is trifling with the interests of the
people of Colorado. It is not worth while
every time they have a general election in that
State, this year or any other year, to require
them to readopt their constitution. It is
adopted.
We have no objection to the amendmentpro-
pospdbythc Senator from Pennsylvania, so as
to provide for ageneral election of all the State
officers and members of the Legislature. But
I submitthat when this State has been hanging
here for two years it eornes with an ill grace
from the friends of this measure now to insist
that the constitution shall be referred back to
the people. It seems to me entirely useless,
and it is applying a rule to the admission of
Colorado that has been applied to no o!her
State which has been admitted into this Union,
that the people shall readopt their constitution.
Mr.- WILSON. I believe one o'clock has
arrived.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is regularly before the Senate,
being the bill (S. No. 529) establishing rules
and articles for the government of the armies
of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories thinks he can get a vote
in a few minutes on the Colorado bill, I will
allow the regular order to be passed by inform-
ally for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday will be passed
over informally, there being no objection.
Mr. TIPTON. I wish to say in regard to the
question raised by the Senator from New York,
that indirectly, and indeed for all practical
purposes directly, the question of the constitu-
tion will be involved in any vote that shall be
taken for the election of members of the Legis-
lature. If there are two opinions in the State
upon that question those who are in favor of
admission with this constitution will vote for
members of the Legislature to carry out that
view. If there is a party in Colorado opposed
to the constitution they will vote for members
of the Legislature to carry out their views.
Therefore the question in regard to the consti-
tution will be sufficiently brought before the
people by any vote which shall be taken in
Colorado for the election of members of the
Legislature.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] to the amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. CAMERON. I understood the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories to accept
that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be accepted without a vote of the Senate.^
Mr. YATES. J make no objection to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
| agreed to.
| Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand
! precisely how the questiou is now before the
Senate. Is it o« the amendment of the com-
mittee as amended?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I beg to submit
