THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of an officer an ad interim, appointment may
be made, "and in no other case." When
Stanton was suspended, the adinterim appoint-
ment of General Grant was legal; but any ad
interim appointment upon a removal is abso-
lutely prohibited. Vacancies in office can only
be filled in two ways under the tenure-of-office
act. One is by temporary appointment, as
provided in the Constitution, during the recess
of the Senate, and the other is by an appoint-
ment by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate during the session.
One might reasonably suppose that the con-
struction of this act was settled, so far as the
Senate was concerned.
On the 12th of December the President com-
municated to the Senate the fact that, on the
12th of the preceding August, he had suspended
Mr. Stanton, and gave his reasons therefor;
and the Senate, assuming that Mr. Stanton was
within the protection of the tenure-of-office act,
proceeded to consider the President's reasons,
and, under the leadership of the distinguished
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] re-
fused, by an overwhelming vote of thirty-five
to six, to concur in the suspension. Every one
of the majority then understood that the effect
of that vote was to reestablish Mr. Stanton in
his office under the provisions of the tenure-of-
office act.
On the 21st of February, 1868, the President
informed the Senate that he had removed
Mr. Stanton and appointed Adjutant General
Thomas Secretary of War ad interim, and the
Senate proceeded ft consider that communica-
tion, and, after protracted argument, decided,
by a vote of twenty-seven to six, " that, under
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
the President has no power to remove the
Secretary of War and to designate any other
officer to perform the duties of that office ad
interim."
Among those who voted to affirm this
doctrine was the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
Now, after these proceedings, which go upon
the express ground that Mr. Stanton is within
the provisions of the tenure-of-office act, we
are asked to eat up our own words and resolu-
tions and stultify ourselves by holding that the
act did not apply to Mr. Stanton.
President Johnson is also fully committed to
the same construction of the act. On the 12th
of August he suspended Mr. Stanton, a pro-
ceeding provided for by said act, but otherwise
unwarranted by law and unknown to the prac-
tice of the Government.
On the 14th day of August, 1867, he notified
the Secretary of the Treasury, as follows:
" Sie: In compliancc with the requirements of the
act entitled 'An aetto regulate the tenure of certain
civil offices,' you are hereby notified that on the 12th
instant, Hon. Edwin M.Stanton was suspended from
his office as Secretary of War and General U. S. Grant
authorized and empowered to act as Secretary ad
interim.''
He also reported his_reasons to the Senate
for the suspension of Mr. Stanton within twenty
days from its meeting, as required by said act.
Having vainly tried to oust Mr. Stanton by an
observance of the act, he boldly determined
upon its violation by Stanton's removal. This
he admits, but says it was with a view to test
the constitutionality of the act, forgetting, as
it seems, that sueh a question could not possi-
bly arise if the act did not apply to Mr. Stanton.
To argue, in view of these facts, that the Pres-
ident removed Stanton through a mistaken
idea that the law did not apply to him, is tri-
fling with common sense.
Taking the ground of the President that the
present is his presidential term, then, I say, to
all intents and purposes, he has appointed
Stanton Secretary of War. Time and again,
in official communications to the Senate, he
has declared Mr. Stanton to be Secretary of
War, and in his message of December 12, 1807,
iie submitted to the Senate the question as to
whether or not Mr. Stanton should continue to
be Secretary of War, and the Senate confirmed
him in that position ; so that, without the usual
forms, there has been that eoncurrenco be-
tween the Executive and the Senate as to the
Secretaryship of Mr. Stanton which the Con^
stitution contemplates. The commission is
no part of the appointment. The President
cannot hold and treat Mr. Stanton as his Sec-
retary of War for two or three years, and then,
when questioned for an illegal act upon or
through such Secretary, deny his official char-
acter and relations. If he was the President's
Secretary of War for executive purposes he
was such Secretary of War for the purposes
of Congress.
Much discussion has taken place in this case
as to the intent of the President. There is
nothing of this question. His interit was to
transfer the War Department from E. M.
Stanton to some other person of his choice
without the consent and in defiance of the will
of the Senate. This is obvious and undeniable,
and evfery Senator must believe it. The pre-
text that all his proceedings for the removal of
Stanton and the appointment of Thomas were
to get up a law-suit is a shallow and miserable
subterfuge.
One question made is that the President has
not removed Mr. Stanton. Stanton was either
removed or he was not. If he was not re-
moved, then the appointment of Thomas was
a clear violation of the sixth section of the
tenure-of-office act, for it was an appointment
to fill a vacancy where no vacancy existed.
Assuming that the tenure-of-offiee act is
valid, and applicable to Mr. Stanton, then the
President could not remove him.
Suppose Stanton, to avoid conflict under the
orders of the 21st of February, had given pos-
session of the War Office to Thomas. He
would still have been Secretary of War, be-
cause those orders were illegal and void. What
the tenure-of-office law intended to prohibit
and punish was the action of the President as
to removals and appointments without the con-
sent of the Senate, though, of course, such ac-
tion, being in contravention of law, would have
no force. Great effort has been made to show
that the removal of Stanton and the appoint-
ment of Thomas were insignificant acts. They
might possibly be so regarded if there were har-
mony and peace in the country.
Congress has passed laws for the reconstruc-
tion of the States lately in rebellion, and the
execution of these falls within the jurisdiction
of the War Department. The President holds
them to be unconstitutional, and is bitterly
opposed to their existence. Stanton is under-
stood to be friendly to this legislation. He
stands, therefore, in the way of the President,
and his removal and the appointment of an
executive puppet in his place may involve the
lives and liberties of thousands of citizens, and
perchance the peace and integrity of the nation.
During this trial we have been treated to
much from the writings of James Madison.
Arguing about executive power in the Con-
gress of 1789, he said :
" If an unworthy officer be continued in officc by
an unworthy President, the House of Representa-
tives can at any time impeach him and the Senate
can remove him, whether the President chooses or
not."
Speaking again of the President, he says :
"I contend that the wanton removal of meritori-
ous officers would subject him to impeachment and
removal from his high trust."
No man can deny that E. M. Stanton, by
his ability and experience, his patriotism and
personal integrity, is eminently fitted for the
head of the War Department.
Andrew Johnson has removed him because
his unbending loyalty made hira an obstacle
to the President's ambitious and partisan pur-
poses, and appointed to his place a man wholly
incompetent, whose only merit is abject ser-
vility to the will of his master. If James Madi-
son was a judge here to-day he would vote for
impeachment upon that ground alone.
We have been earnestly warned by the Pres-
ident's counsel not to encroach upon the exec-
utive department of (he Government. Con-
sidering that the President u-urped the legis-
lative control and "reconstruction of the States
lately in rebellion; that he has vetoed fifteen
acts of Congress, to say nothing of those he
has pocketed; that he conies now by his con-
fidential counsel to say what he has before said,
that there is no Congress and we are no Sen-
ate; that, without acknowledging our authority,
he appears simply to avoid civil commotion,
and we are prepared to appreciate the modesty
and grace of this admonition.
I am surprised to find so many holding the
opinion that the President is not impeachable
for anything that the law does not declare a
crime or a misdemeanor. Cannot he be im-
peached for a violation of the Constitution ?
Suppose he should declare war or borrow
money or levy taxes without authority of law ?
Is there no remedy ? Suppose, for partisan
purposes, he should veto all the acts of Con-
gress, or in some mad freak pardon all the
criminals of the United States. Suppose by
drunkenness and debauchery he should become
incompetent to performtiie duties of the office.
Is Congress bound to tMpxte wickedness, cor-
ruption, and treachery inthe executive office so
long as there is no violation of a penal statute?
I shall vote for conviction on the tenth
article.
Whenever the Chief Magistrate of this coun-
try, whose wisdom and virtue ought to exalt
the nation, makes a public blasphemer of him-
self, and going about the country in speeches
excites resistance to law and defends mob
violence and murder, I think he ought to be
removed from office.
This is no question of taste or good manners
or of unfriendly criticism upon Congress.
Those speeches were crimes. When they were
delivered they took the wings of the wind.
They were published and read throughout the
turbulent South. They imparted boldness to
violence and revenge, and I have little doubt
that many a poor man is sleeping in a bloody
grave in consequence of those speeches. Offi-
cial duties and relations impose restraint upon
freedom of speech as well as upon freedom of
action.
Supposeajudge ofthe Supreme Court should
go about making speeches and telling the
people that the reconstruction or other acts of
Congress were void, and that he would so de-
cide when opportunity should arise, is there
any doubt that he could be impeached for con-
duct so indecent and so disastrous to the peace
and good order of society?
West H. Humphreys, United States district
judge for Tennessee, was convicted by the unan-
imous vote of this Senate of high crimes and
misdemeanors for what he said in a public
speech in the city of Nashville on the 29th
December, 1860.
Whether Andrew Johnson shall be removed
from office or not is the least question in this
case. Made up as the issues are, to acquit is
to decide that the President may at any time,
irrespective of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, and in open and undisguised contempt
of the authority and will of the Senate, remove
from and appoint to office.
To acquit is to hold that the laws of the
land are not what they are written down in
the statute-books of the country to be, but are
the unwritten and, it may be, unknown will
of one man who happens to fill the executive
officc of the nation.
All courts may take judicial notice of his-
tory, and by what I have a right to know in
this case 1 have been sorrowfully and reluc-
tantly brought to the conclusion that Andrew
Johnson is a bad man ; that the policy of his
administration has been to rule or ruin ; that
he has endeavored by usurpation and the abuse
of his veto to subordinate the legislative power
to his personal views and purposes, and that
his official career and example have been lo
injure, degrade, and demoralize the country;
and I believe that his removal from office will
invigorate the laws, vindicate the Constitution,
and tend greatly to icstore unity and peace to
the nation.
