3542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 27,
to the chairman of the committee this amend-
ment, to be inserted after the word " Territory,"
iu the eighth line:
And at said election there shall be submitted the
question of the ratification of the constitution pro-
posed by said Territory,
The effect of the amendment will be simply
to provide that there shall be an additional
ballot,-box, into which anybody opposed to this
constitution may put his ballot, and those ill
favor of ft may put theirs.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] says
that I am "turning this bill to admit a State into
an enabling act. Why, sir, the other day I
remember that the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Pomeroy,] when this bill came up, was for
having it passed in the morning hour at once,
because, lie said, it was now nothing but an
enabling act; it was not an act to admit a
State. I supposed that was the view ; that the
purpose was to remit the question to the vote
of the people. If that is not the view, I sub-
mit to the Senator why should we displace the
Senators who have been elected ; why provide
for the election of two new Senators; why
provide for displacing the Legislature? We
nave just stricken out the clause confining the
election to the filling of vacancies, so as to
provide for a new organization, an election de
novo. That all goes, I submit, on the theory
that this is an enabling act in substance, and
assumes that the people are to vote upon the
question.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow mo to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. If I understand the bill, the
only difference between it and the bill as the
Senator would have it is that as the bill stands
the decision of the State is to be taken from the
action of a Legislature chosen for the express
purpose of deciding this question, passing upon
the constitution, and saying whether they will
be admitted under it or not; and as he would
have the bill it would be a direct vote of the
people. That would be, perhaps, the most con-
venient, but the Legislature is required to be
convened for another purpose, and I think it
would be safe enough to take the decision of
the Legislature on the question.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
point out to me the language of the bill upon
which he relies, which says that the Legislature
shall pass upon that question?
Mr. TIOW E. The amendment I had incor-
porated, which provides that if the Legislature
decides against the admission the act shall be
void,
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear that amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment referred
k> was to insert after the word "conditions,"
in the twenty-third line, the words "or shall
decide against being admitted into the Union
so as to make the clause read:
And in case said Legislature shall refuse to ratify
said amendment and said condition, or shall decide
against being admitted into tho Union, thisactshail
wo null and void.
Mr. CONKLING. I have two suggestions
to make iu answer to the Senator from Wis-
consin. In the first place, it seems to me it is
a novelty, and an innovation to commit to a
Legislature, and to withdraw from the people,
the province of passing upon the ratification
of a constitution. I think that of itself would
be ground broad enough to base my amend-
ment upon.
Mr. NYE. Let me ask the Senator from
New York a question. Is it not a novel thing,
after a State has adopted a constitution, to call
upou them to readoptit, directly or indirectly?
I submit that it has never been prescribed to
any other State.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, I
answer the Senator. I think it is not an un-
usual thing in this case to do precisely what
he suggests. I did not intend to go into this
debate at any length; but I can give the Sena-
tor many reasons why it is not only not un-
usual, but a very important thing. In the first
place, (here is a great deal of controversy as
to how this constitution was adopted. It is
entirely clear that it was irregular in its incep-
tion. The Senator and I do not differ about
that. That in itself is enough, to distinguish
it from ordinary cases.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
what irregularity there was about it.
Mr. CONKLING. The irregularity was
that it had its origin in a body which had no
authority whatever in the ordinary mode to
propose a constitution. I will not say, as my
honorable friend from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
iui.l] did the other day, that it was proposed
by a mob; because, although that is a good
word, it is a word of various definitions. It
was not proposed by a mob in the sense of a
turbulent assembly, but it was proposed by an
assemblage of men who voluntarily assem-
bled, who assembled of their own motion, in
other words, and that warrants me in saying
that it was irregular. There can be no doubt
about that. But, to go a little further, let me
answer the Senator by asking him a question.
If this is the ordinary case of a constitution
ratified, why is it that we are passing such an
act as this? Why do we propose that Senators
shall be elected afresh, when this so-called
State has elected Senators already ? Why do
we propose that another Legislature shall be
elected, and that we shall submit it to that
Legislature, as the Senator from Wisconsin
proposes in his amendment?
Mr. NYE. I should like to answer the Sen-
ator right there. It is because just such tech-
nical objections as the Senator from New York
is now urging have kept these people out for
more than two years. When this measure-was
up before my honorable friend on my left [Mr.
Sumner] would not go for it because the word
"white" was in the constitution, and away it
went back to Colorado to be submitted to the
Legislature to strike that out; and now that
that is stricken out 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to ask my friend
from Nevada if he was for passing it with the
word "white" in it either? Is that the style
of constitution that he approves of?
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator from
Vermont has ever done me the honor to read
the remarks I made on that occasion his answer
will be found there. I suppose that I am as
orthodox on that question as the honorable
Senator from Vermont; but at that time there
were not half a dozen black people there, and
the enabling act did not require such a provis-
ion, and they had complied with the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The enabling act did
require it.
Mr. NYE. The enabling act did not require
it, if my recollection is correct.
Mr. SUMNER. The enabling act requires
the constitution to be republican.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Itrequired it to be based
on the Declaration of Independence.
Mr. NYE. This is the third time that I
have attempted to get a word in edgeways in
relation to this bill; and as often as I do there
are at least three on me at once to choke me
down. I rose for the purpose of answering
the Senator from New York, who appealed to
me to know why it was we were sending this
back. _ I answer, it is because these technical
objections, such as he now raises, have been
urged against this bill in every form and in
every stage. Now, sir, I desire to repeat wlhat
I said the other day: I care not how a consti-
tution is^ made so be it that the people of a
State ratify it, the Senator and everybody else
is estopped from calling it irregular. The
moment that the people ratify the proceedings
of any body of men and adopt it as their con-
stitution the hour for irregularity is past; it is
the voice of the people. Michigan was admitted
in the same way.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish now to cite against
the Senator the Senator himself. He says this
act is here because, for three years just such
objections as I now make have prevailed in the
two Houses of Congress. Then I cfte against
lum the action of Congress for the last three
years to validate the objections I make. I
know they have prevailed for three years; and
I am free to say I hope they will prevail far
three years longer unless they are removed.
It is a very easy thing, in phrase, to belittle an
objection by calling it technical. It is very
easy to baptize an objection or an argument
technical; but that does not change its char-
acter. Now, let me submit to the Senator
from Nevada the question whether these are
technic.il objections. In the first place is
the origin of this constitution as I have sug-
gested it to him? In the next place is the votes
which have been given pro and con. in the
Territory since—I do not go into them, because
we should differ as to what they meant and
how they are to be interpreted. In the next
place is the fact that Congress has changed
this constitution since it was adopted, or since
it was argued that it was adopted by anybody,
changed it materially and essentially, and now
propose conditions with regard to it. Why,
sir, these are not technical objections. They
are objections which go to the essence of the
constitution itself, and they go to prove just as
much the propriety of submitting it to the
popular vote, as they do of submitting it to the
Legislature.
'1 here is another suggestion I wish to make
to the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] in answer to the suggestion he made to
me. By his amendment the Legislature is con-
fined simply to the "question whether they are
in favor of coming iu at this time under this
constitution or not. That is not the question
that I propose to submit to the people at all.
The people might be in favor of coming in, but
they might disapprove of this constitution, and
vote it down, and take steps to have another
constitution with which they would be content;
whereas, under the provision of the Senator
from Wisconsin, they are not remitted to any
remedy. If the Legislature say, "We do not '
choose to come in under this constitution,"
what then? That is the only question upon
which they have passed. But to the people I
propose to submit the simple question ot the
constitution itself, divested of the question
whether they wish to come in or to remain out.
It is a very different question. Therefore, as
the bill stands, we propose, in the first place,
to commit to the Legislature a question which
I submit peculiarly and universally in practice
and in philosophy belongs to the people them-
selves; and then, in the second place, we pro-
pose to submit that question in such a form
that the^ Legislature is not to pass upon the
constitution independently, but simply to pass
upon the question whether at this time, and
uuder this constitution, and upon these terms,
they are in favor of coming into the Union or
not. *
Now, Mr. President, in the face of these
objections, I cannot hear so far any argument
whatever against this suggestion. Confessedly,
the objection made by the Senator from Con-
necticut is removed. Here is to be an elec-
tion generally, so general that everything in
that State is to depend upon it, including tho
admission of the State and the election of Sen-
ators as well as of the officers of the State.
Thus a full vote is to be brought out; and now
the objection is to allowing the inspectors of
election to provide an additional box in which
the electors may^ cast their votes upon this
changed and modified constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to obtain some in-
formation from the honorable Senatsr from
New York, if he has no objection. He pro-
poses that in (he election contemplated in the
bill the electors of the Territory "shall pass di-
rectly upon the question of ratifying the pres-
ent Constitution. My first question is, whether
it is not an ascertained fact that the majority of
the people of that Territory have already passed
in the affirmative upon that question?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; I answer the
Senator just there, if he will allow me.
Mr. HOWARD. If the majority of the
people ha-ve so voted, what good is likely to
result from the resubmission of the same ques-
tion to the people of the'ferritory ? Was there
