1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1495
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say he was acting
under these laws partially. He seized the
cotton under them undoubtedly. I think he
did not properly administer them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That part of it was right,
was it not, seizing the cotton ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the expenses of that
ought to be paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment does
not confine the payment to that. It says the
incidental expenses in acting under those laws,
and that would cover the incidental expenses
incurred under those laws, properly or improp-
erly, according to the terms of the amendment,
as I understand it:
And for necessary expenses in defending, in the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, such suits
as have been brought against him.
Now, let me ask the Senator from Vermont,
suppose suits are brought against him for an
improper administration of the law, are you
not appropriating money to defend him in
those suits? This money is to defend him
against suits brought against him. Now, take
the technical, nice distinction that the Senator
seeks to draw, and I should like to know if
here is not an appropriation of money to de-
fend him against the suits. The suits are
brought against him, I presume, on the pre-
sumption, at any rate, that he did not act in
strict conformity to the law. So, sir, in my
judgment,, it carries with it a sanction of what
has been done.
I have here the Secretary's own opinion
about captured and abandoned propeity. I
suppose this will not be regarded as outside,
if I may be permitted to read it. Let us see
what he says himself:
Tkeasuky Dkp.ikt.mkxt, June 24,1885.
Sir: I have examined the claims filed by you
together May 15 last, on behalf of John & James
Lynch, MeNaught & Ormond, William Markham,
A. Austell. L. C. Wells, John Silvey, and Margaret
lioyd, ot Atlanta, Georgia, for the release of cotton
voluntarily abandoned by them respectively to the
United States quartermaster on receipts by him.
There is 110 evidence that the property thus re-
ceipted for by the quartermaster was ever turned
over to the Treasury agents, without which action it
is not subject to orders from this Department.
Ayam, in ease it has been transferred to Treasury
agents, the law of March 12, 1863, refers applicants
for the release of abandoned property of every
description to the Couit of Claims.
Who do you think signed that?
h. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
That is the answer he gave on the 24th of
June, 1865, over his own signature. I suppose
that is not outside; and yet he paid out mil-
lions of this money, the claimants for which,
by his own statement; were to be turned over
to the Court of Claims.
But, sir, I did not mean to go over this argu-
ment again, or to express my views in regard
to the law again. I have not assumed, as the
Senator from Maine would have it, that my
construction of the law was necesssarily the
only one that could be given. I have stated
my views. If I have stated them earnestly it
is because I believed in them. I usually am
in earnest. 1 give a reason for the faith that
is in me because it is in me. I read the laws;
I refer to the statutes ; and give the reason for
the conclusion to which I have come. I be-
lieve it to be right. But, sir, I have not as-
sumed, as the Senator from Maine would have
it, that my construction is right and everybody
else is wrong. I have assumed no such posi-
tion. It has seemed to me that my construc-
tion of the law was right. The Senator fiom
Vermont agreed with me as to the proper con-
struction of the law in this particular. We
both agreed, and all agreed, I believe, that
this money ought to be covered into the Treas-
ury. I do not know whether the Senator from
Vermont thinks it ought to have been covered
in long ago. I presume he does. But now
what we disagree about is in keeping^out—ah,
but the Senator from Maine says, " £\o, that is
not it; it is not keeping out"—well, taking out,
.if that is any difference, $100,000 of this same
monev, to be used, as it seems to me, in away
that would give sanction, or at least would give
color, to the uses which have heretofore been
made of the money, as the Senator from Ver-
mont and I both think, in the improper adjudi-
cation of claims by the Treasury Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for three or four minutes only to
reply to the Senator from Illinois. I have
nothing to do with the passage of arms; that
belongs to him and the Senator from Maine.
I only have to do with the propriety of this
amendment. I am sorry that the Senator
from Illinois should have so misrepresented
the scope of it—not intentionally; he would
not do that; perhaps I should rather say mis-
apprehended the scope of this amendment.
He seems to believe that it is leaving outside
of the Treasury, in the pocket of the Secre-
tary, a sum running up to $100,000, as far as it
may be necessary. That is totally incorrect.
Every dollar is to be paid into the Treasury.
Then we merely provide that upon proper
vouchers, according to the general regulations
of the proper accounting officers, the necessary
expenses of collecting this property, settling
the accounts of agents who have honestly and
faithfully administered it, that are not settled,
shall be paid, and we appropriate an indefinite
sum of money, with a limit as the maximum,
for that purpose. The Secretary of the Treasury
has no claim upon this money. He has not in-
curred any expense. He has not been an agent.
Not a dollar of it, under any circumstances, can
go into his hands or into his pocket—not a sin-
gle penny.
As I said before, there are cases where the
agents were honest and faithful. I have one
in my mind, a late constituent of my friend from
Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] a gentleman of
the highest reputation, who was down in North
Carolina, who has a just claim, as he has satis-
fied me, (but I am not the Auditor to pass upon
it; the Auditor will pass upon it at the proper
time,) yet unsettled, for large amounts of prop-
erty that he gathered together and turned into
the Treasury, of three or four thousand dollars
that is due to him. Are we to say that this
man who has faithfully exercised the duties
that we imposed upon him and saved property
to the Government shall not have some appro-
priation made by which the accounting officers
having that matter in charge shall settle his
accounts and pay hiin the little balance that is
due him ? That is only an illustration.
All this appropriation as to the incidental
expenses is for expenses incurred in acting
under the authority of these laws, and not
against their provisions. There have been no
expenses in giving up property. The whole
expenses are in gathering it in ; and whatever
is due and right to bepaid under that branch of
the law, which is in accordance with what both
the Senator from Illinois and myself believe
to have been the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to gather it together, ought to be
paid, and no man can justly say it ought not.
Then the question is, who is to pay it? Are
you to drive all those accounts into a commit-
tee of the Senate or of the House of Repre-
sentatives to be adjusted? We all know that
is not a very safe way; it is not a usual way; it
is not a just way.
Then the amendment provides for defending ;
suits that now exist. But my friend says, '"How j
do we know but what these suits are brought |
for his acting against the law and in violation !
of law, and therefore you are sanctioning i
his defense of suits where he was acting
against the law?" What are the suits brought '
against him for? For giving up anybody's
property? Not that we have heard of; but it .
is for taking it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no evidence of
that. There is no evidence of that before the
Senate. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. The evidence was satis- j
factory to me, and in the very nature ol' the 1
thing—
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has not
been kind enough to furnish it to the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I furnished a good
deal bettor from the investigation of the com- i
mittee than my friend does here in an anony-
mous document that he reads as evidence to
show that the Secretary of the Treasury has
been guilty of complicity in giving up property
or money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not anonymous.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not signed by any-
body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The name is there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see somebody has signed
on a card here "T. J. Mackay."
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I gave his name.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Upon the statement of
Mr. T. J. Mackay, who 1 believe has not been
an acquaintance of the Senator a great while,
has he?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated how I received it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did you ever see him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have seen him. I
communicated with the Preedmen's Bureau to
know if theycould give me any information in
regard to this question who had money and
cotton restored to them. In reply to that com-
munication I was waited upon by the gentle-
man whose name appears there with that paper,
and I was told that this gentleman had been in
South Carolina and was the brother of tha
gentleman who is the president of the State
convention down there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did you ever know him
before?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Then the
Senator is willing, while he criticises the in-
vestigation that we make at the Treasury among
the books and in examining these papers 
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will allow me, I will simply say that I
am very well acquainted with a gentleman
bearing the name just mentioned, and he is a
very respectable, intelligent gentleman, on
whose word I should entirely rely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So am I acquainted with
a Mr. Mackay, but it does not happen to be
this man. This man may be very respectable.
I am not attacking his respectability at all. I
am only illustrating to the Senatorfrom Illinois,
the justice of his criticism upon my conduct in
ascertaining the nature of these suits from an
examination of papers at the Treasury and
from the other necessary fact that suits brought
against him would be, notforgivingupcottonto
claimants, but refusing to do so ; and contrast-
ing it with the evidence upon which the Senator
from Illinois is willing to act, the unsworn
statement, the unsupported statement of a gen-
tleman, however respectable, whom he never
saw before, and who himself, evidently, from
this statement, has no personal knowledge of a
single word that is contained in it. This state-
ment may all be true; but is that the way you
administer justice? Is that the way that you
deal fairly by an officer of the Government or
by any citizen of the United States, be he high
or low ? That is the question. I do not think
it is.
Now, to return to the precise point. My
friend says that we do not know but that we
are sanctioning these proceedings by authoriz-
ing the payments of any mouey to defend suits
that have been brought for seizing property,
because, he says, how do we know but that
the properly was illegally seized? My friend
did not read the last clause of the amendment:
Such suits as have been brought against him or
his agents in the premises.
What premises ? In respect to the seizure
of captured and abandoned property under
authority of law—the laws that provide for it.
Any suit, therefore, that has been brought
against him "in the premises—that is, in re-
spect to his action under the authority of those
laws—he is authorized to expend a proper sum
of money to defend. Is not that right? My
friend was, I will not say careful—my friend
was negligent in not reading the limiting clause
of the last part of the section, which confines
the expenditure in defending these suits to
those suits that have been brought against the
Secretary of the Treasury and his agents under
the authority of these laws and carrying out
