1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3543
any fraud iu the first ratification? Was there
any just ground of complaint in regard to it?
And if there was not, why repeat the same
ceremony?
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, I
deny both propositions submitted by the Sen-
ator. Why? He asks me, in the first place,
is it not true that this constitution, as an ascer-
tained fact, has bSen approved by the people ?
I say no, sir. And for the reason, among
others, that the constitution is changed, essen-
tially changed, by the propositions of this bill.
Therefore, the people have never passed, and
have never had the opportunity to pass, upon
the question. I think that is sufficient to dis-
pose of that.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no reference to the
terms and conditions contained iu this bill
which is now before us. I do not regard them
as a part of the Constitution about which I
made the inquiry. I mean the instrument that
was drawn up by the convention, regular or
irregular, which was afterward submitted as ati
instrument to be known as the fundamental
law or the constitution of this State to the
people of the Territory. Was not that instru-
ment adopted by a majority of the electors?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; that was not
adopted by a majority of the electors. Now,
I beg to tell the Senator why I make that reply
that may sound rather bold to him. We are
told that there are seventy-five thousand people
in this Territory. That is argued strenuously
and insisted upon. There were only six thou-
sand people who cast a vote pro or con. on this
constitution. Now, take the ratio of Vermont,
where I believe the voters are in the smallest
proportion to the whole population ; and what
proportion of the electors voted upon this con-
stitution, I ask the honorable Senator? Take
the ratio as we know it exists in the new Terri-
tories, andpartieulary in the miningTerritories,
where voters, adult males, will average one to
three, and if there are seventy-five thousand
people there, or sixty thousand, or fifty thou-
sand, I ask the Senator where he supposes a
majority of the electors were, when these six
thousand were voting pro and cm. on this con-
stitution? One of the difficult things in this
case, one of the troubles to get over, is the fact
that these votes have been so small, diminished
incessantly for the last four or five years. In
1861, I think was the year, nine thousand six
hundred votes were cast; and from that time the
vote has decreased, never reaching ten thousand
since but once, and then it fell short of the vote
cast six years ago. That is a fact which we can-
not wink so hard as not to see. It appears on
the papers and is conceded on both sides; and
therefore I say to the Senator,when he appeals
to this vote of six thousand on the constitu-
tion he starts a very ugly question, which runs
into matters of fact about which there is a con-
troversy. That controversy I want to cure
and put an end Wo by allowing the people now
to pass upon their constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me—1 do not wish to interrupt him or take
up his time—the result of the election to which
he refers is stated in a certificate which I hold
in my hand, signed by the secretary of the
Territory, the auditor of the Territory, and
the treasurer of the Territory. For the con-
stitution there were three thousand and twenty-
five votes ; against it, two thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy; majority in favor of the
constitution, one hundred and fifty-five. Now,
the question which I put to the honorable Sen-
ator is this : whether there was any ground to
complain that there was any unfairness in that
election ; whether all the electors had not a
fair opportunity to go to the polls and express
their opinions by their votes?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They were under no ob-
ligation to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. That does not answer the
question. Nor has there ever been any casein
which the elector was under an obligation to
ga to the polls. The act of voting is a volun-
tary act. It is the presumption of law. I
need hardly say this to the honorable Senator
from New York, that those who stay away from
an election are held to acquiesce in the result
of the election, and to have voted with the
majority. This is the principle upon which
we acted in regard to Alabama. It is the
principle of the common law in reference to
corporate elections, whether municipal or pri-
vate, as the honorable Senator very well knows.
Now, why make an objection upon the ground
that a portion of the electors stayed away from
'the polls? They had a right to stay away from
the polls.
Mr. CONKLING. With great respect to
the honorable Senator, I deny entirely his
proposition. As wide as is the East from the
West, so broad is the distinction between the
case of Alabama and those other cases and
this. Why? The elections held in the southern
States were under acts of Congress, confess-
edly under the authority of law ; and the Sen-
ator well says that but for special legislation to
the contrary, those who absented themselves
would be held to consent to the acts of those
who attended the polls. What is the case here?
Was there an election at which any man was
bound to attend or else be in default? Not at
all; but men who had no right to frame a con-
stitution assumed to do it, and men who had
no right to submit it to the people for their
ratification assumed to do that; and therefore
no obligation rested upon any human being in
that Territory to go to the polls upon pain of
being held in default if he aid not go.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They did go when the
constitution was submitted to them under the
law, and voted it down.
Mr. CONKLING. And furthermore, as my
friend reminds me, when the constitution was
submitted under the law, they went to the polls
and voted it down, and the only time when they
did not vote it down was when it was submitted
without authority of law and without any obli-
gation resting upon a single elector to go to
the polls, or to have anything taken against
him if he refused to go.
Now, Mr. President, to pursue this for one
moment, and only a moment 
Mr. YATES. Let us have a vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall be through in a
moment, although I can tell the Senator that
I do not mean to allow this bill to pass in a
snatch, for one, if I can help it. When we
are considering it, we may as well make it
right. There has been considerable trouble
about it, and while we are upon it we may as
well have it in the best form that we can get it.
The Seaator from Michigan asked me what
good would come from a second vote. Might
i not retort upon him, what harm is to come,
when an election is to be held and all the
people are to attend to it, from having a bal-
lot-box in which ballots on this point are to be
put ? If nobody is against this constitution,
it is a mere pro forma election ; but if there
be all these clouds hanging over it, then I sub-
mit to him it will be of great use to have the
thing not only " technically" right, to borrow
the expression of the Senator from Nevada,
but right in fairness and in fact, as all con-
ceive.
Now, let us look for a moment at the votes
cast in this Territory and see whether I am
right in what I stated. In 1861 there were nine
thousand five hundred and ninety-seven votes
cast. In 18G2 there were only eight thousand
seven hundred and twenty-one votes cast. In
1864, falling still lower, there were seven thou-
sand four hundred and seventy-six vetes cast;
and when you come to 1S66 there were only
six thousand nine hundred aud ninety-six
votes cast; thus, as I say, continually falling 1
off until we get down to 1866; but in 1807 ;
there were nine thousand three hundred and j
forty-five votes cast. j
Mr. President, upon a record like that, and j
upon an allegation that this Territory has pop- j
ulation enough to entitle it to a Represent- |
#itive in Congress—seventy-five or eighty or i
one hundred thousand—does any Senator wish )
unnecessarily to put the admission of thisStatP j
upon a foundation so precarious and so nar- 1
row as is stated by those six thousaud votes
only cast upon the question of this constitu-
tion, pro and con. ? I admit if, as in the case
of Nebraska, it could be said that it was an
inclement season of the year, the ground cov-
ered with snow, and it would be a great hard-
ship to impose an election upon the people,
there would be great, force in the objection to
doing it; but how can we excuse ourselves ;
and how, I ask the Senator from Michigan,
will the record look, showing that we have
provided for an election, showing that we have
committed to that election every question hut
this, and yet have refused, in the face of the
hundreds of remonstrances that come here
from the Territory, to allow the people once
the opportunity, when they are to be present
art the election, to cast their ballots upon this
question also, as well as upon the others ?
My friend from Nebraska [Mr. Thiter]
asks me if I did not mean Alabama in what I
said about the inclement season of the year.
No, sir; I meant Nebraska. If he will tra-
verse the debate in reference to his own State
he will find that Senators said, " Why ask
them to vote again ? Why impose an election
upon them ? It is an inclement season of the
year, and it will be a great hardship. This
is the only necessity for an election; and you
ought to commit it to the Legislature." I am
distinguishing this ease from the case of the
State of the honorable Senator by saying that
this is no inclement season of the year ; and
whether so or not we provide for ati election;
so that there is to be not the feather's weight
of hardship, or of expense, or trouble added
by providing that that election shall determine
also the validity or the rejection of this con-
stitution. That is my point; and I say again,
and I think the Senator who has this bill in
charge does not disagree with me essentially,
that there being no objection to it except one
which perhaps might be called sentimental—-I
mean one residing in sentiment, in the feeling
suggested by the honorable Senator from
Nevada, that it was putting upon the State in
theory an extra condition to which others had
not been subjected ; I mean sentimental only
in that sense—there being no objection to it, I
say, except one of feeling in this regard, 1 sub-
mit that it will look very suspicious when this
record is made up, that in the face of all these
objections, we have submitted every question
to the people except this vital question, which
throughout has been contested, and which
belongs to them, and which in theory we have
no right to commit to the Legislature, nor do
we commit to the Legislature by the amend-
ment offered by the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if the ma-
jority of the people in the Territory of Colorado
are believed to be iu favor of this constitution,
I should like to know from the friends of this
measure what reasonable objection there can
be to submitting it at this election that is pro-
vided for? It takes no more time ; it does not
put the thing off any further ; and if they are
sure of the result, that the people will vote for
this constitution, I ask what objection there is
to it? If I occupied the position that some
Senators do here, and had been urging this
movement, and felt confident that a majority
of the people of the Territory were in favor of
this constitution, I shbuld certainly be in favor
of submitting <he question at the election that
we are now providing for. There can be no
objection to submitting it except the existence
of a doubt as to what the wish of the majority
of the people of Colorado is. That is the only
objection there can be that l ean possibly see,
the existence of a doubt as to how they will
vote on this constitution.
Mr. President, it is not material to the ques-
tion how this constitution was first framed, it
may have been done by an enabling act, or
without it. That is not material. It may have
been done by a mob, and that may not bs im-
portant. The important question is whether,
after it was framed, it was fairly submitted to
the people and fairly ratified. We know that
