1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
array costing this country per annum the value
of all the land so seized would not be able to
insure peaceable possession for the ten years
contemplated in the fourth section.
But, grant for sake of argument if you like,
that this can all be done as contemplated by
this bill. Why should it be done? For whom
is this free gift of the public lands of this Union
made?
The fourth section declares "that out of the
lands thus seized and confiscated the slaves
who have been liberated by the operations of
the war and the amendment to the Constitu-
tion, or otherwise, who resided in said confed-
erate States on the 4th day of March, 1861, or
since, shall have" these lands. Now, Mr.
Speaker, admit that the two or three hundred
thousand negroes who fought in the Union
Ann}7, under the training and command of
white officers, at the expense of our people
overburdened with taxation, deserve a reward
and recognition for their valor and sacrifices
during the war, what has that to do with the
slaves who resided in the confederate States in
the service of our enemies—in the confederate
army a great majority of them—during the war?
The reward is rather due to the laboring men
of the Union who were not slaves, and will not
be classed with slaves, but who were as faith-
ful to this Union as the most gallant soldier
in our Army ever was.
If you propose to reward the negro slaves of
the southern rebel who stood faithful to his
master until our brave soldiers drove both
slave and slaveholder to submission, and
compelled an unconditional surrender, why,
Mr. Speaker, have not the whole people of the
Union who remained faithful to this Govern-
ment in the day of danger and trial been con-
sidered in this bill? Why this invidious dis-
tinction in favor of slaves and freedmen, to the
insult and neglect of the loyal white men of the
country? Under what claim to truth does this
bill declare, in the preamble, "it is due to jus-
tice" that this act should take effect to endow
land, to clothe, to house, and to feed slaves,
while our public credit is pledged to defray
the expenses of the war which freed these very
slaves? Allow, as the zealous Radicals claim,
that our victories were won by the negro troops;
allow that the white race did not free the black
slave of the South by his valor, suffering, and
fortitude; allow the history of this war to be
a lie as written on the tombs of our gallant
soldiers of the free States who fell on every
battle-field of the South, and left mourners at
every hearth of the North, East, and West.
Allow all this. Still are we to give away the
land of our common inheritance to slaves who
never raised a hand to fight for their own free-
dom ?
"If the war had been between two regular Gov-
ernments, both of which survived the war, the vic-
tors, in the treaty of peace, would require the van-
quished to pay all such damages, as well as all the
expenses of the war. If neither had conquered the
other they would probably be silent and each boar
his own loss. Congress is dictating the terms of peace.
If she does not provide for these meritorious claim-
ants she will be bound in honor to pay them out
of the national Treasury. If she does not, individ-
uals will be wronged and the nation dishonored.
This bill is Very merciful toward a cruel, outlawed
belligerent, who, when their armies were dispersed,
would gladly have compromised if their lives were
saved. Those who will bo affected by this bill will
not exceed seventy thousand, out of a population of
six million whites, for this is a people of aristocrats
and subjects—of a proud nobility and a cringing,
poor peasantry. These seventy thousand persons
own about three hundred .and ninety million acrcs of
land out of the five hundred millions in the confed-
erate States. This, together with the town property,
cannot be worth less than $10,000,000,000. This esti-
mate includes no man's property who was worth
less than 310,000; nor does it include any personal
property, which may, perhaps, swell it to $12,000,000,-
000. The fine proposed would bo but one twentieth
of their estates."—Speech of Mr. Stevens.
economical view.
What will all this cost? What is the value
of the land proposed by this bill to be given to
the slaves of the ten confederate States? In
the present disturbed condition of that section
it is perhaps impossible satisfactorily to answer
this question. An approximate estimate alone
can now be made. The figures offered are taken
from the best available sources:
Department op tiie Interior,
General Land Office,
December 9,1867.
Sir : I am in receipt of your communication, dated
the 6th instant, requesting a statement as to the num-
ber of acres of public land in tho States lately in
rebellion, and the approximate value of those acres
in money. . , .
There are only five of these States in which the
United Statesown public lands. The names of these,
the quantities remaining undisposed of on the 30th
June, 1867, and the money value at $1 25 per acre,
the minimum price, are shown in the first three col-
umns. Tho fourth column indicates the aggregate of
certain swamp selections, claimed under tho swamp
grant of September, 1850, within these States, which
have not been approved. These selections form no
part of other swamp lands, which years ago were
approved to those States, as shown on page 68 of tho
annual report of the General Land Office for 1886.
Acres unsold
Value at
Acres se-
and unap-
$1 25 per
lected as
States.
propriated
acre, the
swamp,
up to 30th
minimum
subject to
June, 1867.
price.
approval.
Florida 
Alabama 
Mississippi.,
Louisiana....
Arkansas....
17,510,371.00 -$21,925,467
6,015,081.32 8,643,S51
4,9:;0,S'J3.56 6,163,610
6,582,811.54 8,228,551
11,757,662.54 14.697,077
889,629.70
476.91S.93
2,002.98
2,948,063.22
1,363,669.80
Total  47,726,852.96 1 $59,653,562 I 5,685,284.63
I am, sir, very respectfully; your obedient servant,
JOS. S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. John W. Chanler, M. C., House of llcpre-
scntatives.
What will the commissioners together with
the trustees awarded for in section four of
this bill cost this Government? It will come
to over one hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars per annum to put the machinery of the
fourth section into operation, allowing that
under the present circumstances and condition
of affairs in the late rebellious States such a
plan is possible.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That out of the
lands thus seized and confiscated the slaves who have
been liberated by the operations of the war and tho
amendment to the Constitution, or otherwise, who
resided in said " confederate States" on the 4th day
of March, A. D. 1851, or since, shall have distributed
to them as follows, namely: to each male person who
is the head of a family, forty acrcs; to each adult
male, whether the head of a family or n<)t, forty
acres; to each widow who is the head of a family, forty
acres; to be held by them in fee-simple, but to bo in-
alienable for the next ten years after they become
seized thereof. For the purpose of distributing and
allotting said land tho Secretary of War shall appoint
as many commissions in each State as ho shall
deem necessary, to consist of three members each,
two of whomat least shallnot be citizens of the State
for which he is appointed. Each of said commis-
sioners shall receive a salary of $3,000 annually and
all his necessary expenses. Each commissioner shall
be allowed ono clerk, whose salary shall be $2,000 per
annum. The title to the homestead aforesaid shall
be vested in trustees for the uso of the liberated per-
sons aforesaid; trustees shall be appointed by the
Secretary of War, and shall receive such salary as he
shall direct, not exceeding $3,000 per annum. At the
end often years the absolute title to said homesteads
shall be conveyed to said owners or to tho heirs of
such as are then dead.
What will the trustee system cost? By this
system proceeds of the sales of the public lands
are to be kept for the exclusive use and benefit
of these slaves and the other blacks who may
now reside in the ten confederate States, and
nominally for the benefit of the pensioners of
the Government and to pay damages done
loyal citizens during the war.
It is utterly impossible to calculate, even
approximately, the cost of carrying out this
portion of the bill, or to estimate the expense
of preserving the right of the grantors under
this act should a military force be required to
assist the officers herein appointed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That out of the
balance of the property thus seized and confiscated
there shall be raised, in the manner hereinafter pro-
vided, a sum equal to fifty dollars for cach home ■
stead, to be applied by the trustees hereinafter
mentioned toward tho erection of buildings on tho
said homesteads for the use of said slaves; and the
further sum of $500,000,000. which shall be appropri-
ated as follows, to wit: $200,000,000 shall be invested
in United States six per cent, securities; and4ho
interest thereof shall be semi-annually added to toe
pensions allowed by law to pensioner* who have
become so by reason of tho late war; ?300,000,000, or
so much thereof as may bo needed, shall bo appro-
priated to pay damages done to loyal citizens by the
civil or military operations of the government lately
called the "confederate States of America."
What will be the probable cost of carrying
out the provisions of this bill by force of arms
should a war of races ensue ? What will it
cost to prevent a war of races if this bill be
enforced by the Secretary of War ? These are
all questions which should be answered before
this bill becomes a law. Of the whole probable
expense to the people of this Union of carry-
ing out this scheme no reliable calculation can
be made and none can reasonably be stated at
this time of confusion in the States to which it
is to apply.
It remains to consider if we can bear this
probable extra expense now ? For an answer
to this question I refer the House and coun-
try to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, who better than any man in
the country ought to know what our liabil-
ities and assets at this time are. He brought
in this bill while chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, and after having served
several years as chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
1 political view—balance of power in congress.
Mr. Speaker, there remains a point in this
debate which seems to me too important to be
passed in silence.
Is there any political object in this bill?
Perhaps not; but I think assertions made by
■ leading Radicals here warrant the supposition
' that some such object underlies the bill. From
a political point of view this bill is one of the
many like measures to create and keep the
negro vote for the Republican party. Having
created the negro constituency by previous
laws, it is now proposed to bribe that constitu-
ency to vote for the Radical leaders.
A Protestant negro constituency in the Afri-
canized southern States is to be pitted ! n the
political arena against the Catholic white im-
migrant at the North, the East, and the West.
Four million blacks are to be bought at the
rate of many hundred millions of money vested
in land grants. The whites are to shift for
themselves; they cannot be bought. They know
how to govern themselves and vote for them-
selves. They know the value of freedom from
long possession, and the power of the ballot
from long use and experience.
Sir, I pronounce this bill to be a monster
of injustice to the living aud an outrage against
the fair fame of the dead heroes of the Union
armies. Suppose this act to become a law.
How are you to enforce it? What will be the
result of such enforcement? Has the gen-
tleman who proposes this measure not seen
enough of bloodshed and civil strife? Can
the land have no rest from the curses which
this rebellion has already put upon her, but
a new cause of bloodied and destruction in
every form must be inaugurated here? Will
the war of races in the South be any less fatal
to our prosperity because we bring it about?
Sir, this bill to me seems a mad, bad, worthless
plan to deluge the South in blood. It can have
no other result. It will cost millions of treasure,
thousands of lives, and years of public distress
in every department of life. The black man
must work for his own living, earn his own
wages, and buy his own land. _ This Govern-
ment has no power and no right to make a
special pensioner of him. If he has not man-
hood enough to thrive by his own industry let
him quit the soil and make room for his betters :
they are coming from every land by thousands
every day and dwell in every city of the North.
The African has no time-honored experi-
ence of the^>ower and value of the ballot, and
scarcely knows where to go with it, and for
whom to deposit it, except a white man shows
him the way. The European brought the right
to vote with him. His ancestors used_ it for
centuries to choose their representatives to
control their governments and to rebuke their
kings. The African savage or the African slave,
whether in America or Africa, knows nothing
about this sacred symbol of individual liberty
