2520
TiiE CON"&RESSIOK Ali GL0M
V
could not speak of the proceedings in the other
11 a '3 ','le Proposition of the honor-
able Senator from Vermont in plain terms.
Nothing has been said disrespectful of that
body. Phe honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vauia_ was proceeding simply to discuss the
question of what this was probably wanted for,
what the object was; and speaking of that ob-
ject and that purpose it is very singular that
in a matter ot an application to us nobody
CS? sPea,k what has been done in the
other House at any time with the matter under
consideration. I submit that the rule lias no
application to the question raised by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
. I^ESIDENT^ro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that it would be a breach of order
to say anything that would cause misunder-
standing or any contention between the two
bodies. I suppose that would not be proper;
but really the rule is only where the House
have made use of certain language, it seems,
or where the votes have been censured, or
something of that kind. I do not think the
Senator from Pennsylvania was out of order
as far as he had gone; and so the objection is
overruled, ilie Senator from Pennsylvania
will proceed.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Mr. President, I was
nearly through with my observations. The
House of Representatives have not informed us,
on the face ot their resolution nor by a message,
of any object for which they desire the copy of
our record ; and the only supposition which can
reasonably be made upon what we know, is that
this inlormation is required lor the purpose
of investigating the Senate of the UnitedStates
or " the influences," as I believe the resolu-
tion expresses it, to which this Senate has
been subjected. They have the official report
"which is published in the Globe and laid upon
our tables daily, the publication of which is
paid for out of the public moneys.
Mr. DOOLI1 TLiii. if the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, in order to get the precise
language of the resolution, I will read it.
3r' S've way for that.
Mr. DOOLUTLE. I will read the preamble.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date?
Mr. DOOLUTLE. It is the Globe laid on
our tables to-day. It is in Saturday's proceed-
ings in the House of Representatives :
"Whereas information has come to tho managers
which seems to thom to furnish probable cause to
ievte « improper or corrupt means have been
used to influence the determination of trie Senate
upon the articles ot impeachment exhibited to the
senate by the House ol Representatives against the
^c.ut of the b nited htates: Therefore,
. Me a resolved, Ihat for tho tui ther and more effi-
cient prosecution of the impeachment of the Presi-
dent the managers be directed and instructed to
summon and examine witnesses under oath, to send
"n? Pa,Pels> t0 employ a stenographer,
/and to appoint sub-committees to take testimony
' funlofthelw!" l° b° PiUd fr°m tbe
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I rise not
because the resolution of this House touches
me in the remotest particular or awakens any
feehngs m my mind other than those of regret
that the House should have gone beyond what
1 think is its appropriate jurisdiction, and have
encroached upon what I cannot but think to be
a prerogative of the Senate, and that is to
vindicate itself and its own proceedings, if it
inks proper, from any imputation which
would affect them injuriously with the public,
i rise to object to tho consent proposed that
these proceedings may be transmitted to the
House in the interests of the body and of no
particular member of it, myself or any other
one. if we are to sit quietly by and allow
everything to tase place which maybe inspired
by temporary hostility or by temporary excite-
ment with regard to the Senate and to its pro-
ceedings, we shall justly incur public reproba-
tion ; we shall fall below the standard which
we ought to maintain for ourselves ; we shall
lower the dignity of this branch of Congress
and we shall have no right hereafter to object
to any impertinence or to any insult which may
f>e directed agaitist the Senate by a member
of the House of Representatives, or by some
MayM
inadvertent,, thoughtless, passionate, or excited
action of the House.
I insist that if there be any cause for an in-
vestigation of this description the information
should be laid before tbe Senate itself, and it
should act, and that we ought to resent or at
least to oppose a transfer of our just authority
and powers in reference to questions of this
kind to the House of Representatives, or to
the President, or to the courts, or to any other
power upon earth. We are competent to vindi-
cate ourselves; we are competent to preserve
pure and unsullied the course of public justice
so far as we are concerned in it, and for one I
am disposed to uphold the dignity and rights
of the Senate. For this object alone have I
spoken.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the remarks
of the Senator from Pennsylvania proceed on
a singular theory; nothing less than this, that
by this inquiry tbe Senate is assailed. What
reason is there to believe that the House have
any such purpose in the inquiry? Nothing
but the imagination of the Senator j nothing
ill the text of the resolution ; and if you look
still further at the debate—and after the allusion
that has been made to the resolution I shall be
justified in calling attention to it—if you look
at the very statement of Mr. Bingham, the
chairman of the committee of managers, you
will find that he stated that it was—-
To seo whether tho rightful power of this If ou;,o
to prosecute impeachment is attempted, wrongfully
and corruptly, to be interfered with and controlled
by uuybody, either by the President or by the Presi-
dent y hired agents 1*'
Mi-. JOHNSON. Is that in the resolution ?
Mr. SUMNER. That is the speech of Mr.
Bixgiiam sustaining the resolution, and I take
it that is the reason of the resolution ; it is to
ascertain whether or not on the part of the
President, the respondent at your bar, or any
agents representing him, there has been an
altera pt which justifies the inquiry of the House.
Now, sir, I have no knowledge of these pro-
ceedings beyond what appears in the report;
nothing at all ; I have heard nobody speak of
it; but looking at the report it seems to me
that it is a proceeding with which the Senate
cannot in any way interfere.
Are we not now engaged in trying tho Pres-
ident of the United States on articles of im-
peachment, and do not those articles conclude
with a statement that the House of Repre-
senfatives reserves to itself at all times here-
after the right to exhibit further articles of
impeachment? Suppose, now, the House have
found that the President, or agents of the
Presklent, have been engaged in an attemptof
a corrupt character, would they not be justified
in making an inquiry into the character of that
attempt/ Would the Senate venture at this
stage to throw itself in the path of that in-
quiry ? ^ We know from the evidence before us
something of the character of the President of
the United Statos ; we know how utterly un-
principled and wicked he is; it is in evidence.
We also know wjiat some of his agents and
representatives, or those who speak in his de-
fense, not, of course, in this Chamber, have
openly said. I have in my hands a brief extract
from the New York World, a paper which I
understand has throughout this trial sustained
the President day by day, insisting that he was
not guilty of those articles on which he has
been arraigned. What does this paper say • a
paper sustaining the cause of the President v
I quote it as a part of history and as showing
the character of some of the President's de"
fenders. It is as follows.
. Mr- President, I desire to
ask if it is editorial.
Mr. SUMNER. Editorial.
Mr. DIXON. Is it editorial?
Mr. SUMNER. I understand so.
Mr. DIXON. I say it is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (to Mr. Dixosr.) You do
IOi< *s 8°"igfco read yet.
World ' fr°m the New York
f a™ fourteen Radical Senators whose
terms of office expire in 1869. Beyond that time
thoy are sure of no political position; so far as they
know now they a.ro certain of no ' paying place.'
Surely as many as eight of these men would fat
rather be sure of a million ench in hand than to
wait for the uncertainty of a $5,000 oEicc by and by-
Let ns buy their votes at their own prise."
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me; I shall be
done in a moment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I want to put yon
right on that point.
Mr. SUMNER. These are words proceed-
ing. from a defender of the President. Are
they not calculated to arouse the inquiry on
the part of the House ?
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Wait one moment. Espe-
cially if the committee of the House are able
to say, as they do in the resolution, that they
report that "information has come to the man-
agers which seems to them to furnish probable
cause to believe''—mark!—"probable cause
to believe that improper and corrupt means
have been used to influence the determination
ot the Senate upon the articles of impeachment
exhibited to the, Senate by the House of Rep-
resentatives against the President of the United
States." Now, on that suggestion of iheHouse
I have nothing to say. I await the result of
the inquiry; but I insist that the Senate at this
stage eaunot interpose itself in the path ot that
inquiry. Whichever way it may end, whether
by the further impeachment of the President
of the United States or in any other direction,
let the inquiry proceed.
Mr. CONN15SS obtained the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts one
question, and that is whether he is one of the
fourteen whose terms expire in 18G9?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has not seen any-
thing of the million, I suppose. [Laughter,!
Mr. SUMNER. I did not vote '• not guilty.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there are several
articles left yet to vote on. [Laughter. J
Mr. SUMNER. I would say, however, to
the Senator from Maine that I am not afraid
of investigation ; I welcome it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose nobody else
here is afraid of it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I have given
my reply to the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CONN ESS. Mr. President 
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will S3y (0 the Sen-
ator from California that I rose to make an
explanation during the speech of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and he requested me to
wait until he was done. I want to make a
reply by way of explanation to his reference
to what he read from the New York World.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from California give way for the ex-
planation ?
Mr. CONNESS. Not at this time; the
Senator from Pennsvlvania will excuse me [
will just say in passing, in regard to what l'did
give way for, that it is entirely possible that
those persons discovered that "the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts could not be pur-
chased for less than a million and a quan<-r or
a million and a half, Llaughter.] and the fund
would not hold ont.
Mr. President, I rose to say that I regret verv
deeply that the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, for whom I have a profound respect,
and for whose judgment I have an admirai^n,
should have introduced this topic or "iventhe
debate the turn it has taken in connection with
he resolution before us ; and I regret stiil
further that the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts should have seen tit to proceed in'"the
same direction, and then to read for ns what I
will characterize as a villainous article i'row
one of the public papers of the country.
? i lJie Semuor aJlotv me a
moment, by way of explanation, to put a single
question to himself, and that is wheifaer he
knows that this article is a communication and
not an editorial?
Mr. CONNESS. I neither know nor enre.
