3544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
ttie constitution of California was formed by a
convention that was not called together in pur-
suance of an act of Congress. Sucli was the
cas-e, I believe, in Michigan, and perhaps in
other States. It makes no difference how the
constitution is formed; but the material ques-
tion is whether it has been subsequently rati-
fied by a majority of the people. If it has, that
makes it all right.
Now, sir, there is one question that I want
to submit, and I think there is something in
it This constitution was ratified three years
ago. We are told by the friends of the admis-
sion of Colorado that there has been a large
immigration to that Territory since. The peo-
ple who have gone there smce have had no
opportunity of expressing themselves 011 the
question. Three years is a long time in the
life of a Territory.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him one question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Has anybody who has gon<c to
the State of Indiana sineo the adoption of the
constitution of that State had the privilege of
expressing his sentiments on the question of
that constitution ?
Mr. MORTON. I do not see that that bears
any relevancy to this question. When a con-
stitution is once formed and goes into opera-
tion it continues in operation in the State
until it shall have been properly changed.
But, sir, it is proposed now to force upon this
State a constitution ratified, it is said, three
years ago, which is a long time in the life of a
Territory; and for the purpose of procuring
the admission of Colorado we are told that
from forty to fifty thousand people have gone
there in the last three years ; the Territory is
growing rapidjy in population ; and yet this
large body of people who have gone there
since, have had no opportunity of expressing
themselves on this question. There would be
propriety from this consideration alone, if
there were no other, in again submitting it.
If the constitution had got every vote in Col-
orado in 1805, and a large population has gone
there since, it ought to be submitted again in
all propriety. Who can deny it? I again ask
rny friend from Nevada the question, if there
ia any_doubt about a majority of the people
being in favor of this constitution why do you
hesitate a moment as to submitting it to the
people? It makes no more delay than you
are already proposing to make.
There is another consideration about this
vole. I have the aggregate vote both for and
against this constitution in 18G5, and I believe
it is fifLy-eight hundred and ninety-five. IIow
many votes were cast for it in 1805? I am
told the majority for the constitution is only
three hundred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One hundred and fifty-
five ia the exact number.
Mr. MORTON. One hundred and fifty-five;
so that the constitution got less than three
thousand votes in 1805. Think of it, sir; a
constitution being fixed upon a Territory by
less than three thousand votes, a fundamental
law, especially when we are tofd that such a
large population has gone in there since that
time!
I have not a particle of feeling on this sub-
ject. I should like to admit Colorado, if she
were ready for it; and if the circumstances
are proper I prefer to do it. 1 am not enlisted
011 either side of this question. But, sir, if
things are right, I ask my friend what objec-
tion there is to submitting this constitution
again, especially when it makes 110 more delay
than you are already providing for by holding
another election? Think of it; this constitu-
tion, having less than three thousand votes, is
now to bo imposed upon a Territory which, it
is said, contains a population of from seventy-
five to one hundred thousand. It does not
look well. It looks as if there was something
weak about this transaction in some quarter,
and it could not stand the test of another
election.
Now, Mr. President, one word in regard to
submitting these questions to the Legislature..
We are told that if the people do not want this
constitution they will elect members of the
Legislature who are unfavorable to it. Is not
that a very imperfect way of submitting a ques-
tion of this kind? There are a thousand consid-
erations that enter into the choice of members
of the Legislature, and it is not a fair way of
submitting the question. We recognize the
great principle that when it comes to the form-
ing of a fundamental law it is not to be sub-
mitted to a Legislature, and the question is
not to be determined by selecting members of
the Legislature, but it is to be determined by
submitting it to the people themselves.
Let us, then, submit this constitution to all
the people of Colorado. Gentlemen say a
large addition has been made to the population
of that Territory in three years. Three years
in a Territory, as I before remarked, are equal,
perhaps, to twenty-five years in a State. It
was so in California and other Territories ; and
if gentlemen are right in their statement, the
past three yeai-3 have made a greater change
111 the ratio of population in Colorado than the
next fifteen years will. If this constitution is
the choice of the people, they will say so when
the election is held that you already provide
for.
Besides, Mr. President, notwithstanding the
vote 011 the Arkansas bill. I must be allowed
to say that in my opinion the Legislature of
a State is not the proper body to ratify and
establish fundamental conditions. It is against
the theory and the practice in the formation
of State governments. In the older States, and
in nearly all the new States, we have required
the fundamental law of the State to be sub-
mitted to the people and not to a Legislature.
Here you make important changes in the con-
stitution of Coloiado, changes that I agree to,
that 1 am in favor of; but it ceases to be the
same instrument, aid the people have just as
much right in their primary capacity to pass
on those changes as upon any provision in the
constitution. Now, when that is so easy, when
it takes 110 more time than what you already
provide for by this bill, as the bill provides for
a general election, why not submit this consti-
tution, together with these fundamental con-
ditions, to the people ? There can be but one
reason, in my judgment, for not doing it; and
that is the expectation that it will -be voted
down.
Mr. YATES. I hardly understand the last
remark of the Senator who has just taken his
seat. I can assure that Senator that so far as
the oommittee were concerned the question
whether the constitution will be voted up or voted
down was not taken into consideration ; and I
am sure that not one membei of the committee
acted upon any sucli ground in the decision to
which they came.
A plain statement of facts will sometimes do
away with a great deal of mystery and remove
apparent difficulties. Congress passed an en-
abling act in March) 1864. If there was any
question as to the population of Colorado it
was for Congress to determine it at that time.
Whether there was population sufficient in Col-
orado to justify her admission as a State into
the Onion was a question decided by Congress
at the time that enabling act was passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to make one
suggestion to the Senator in regard to the point
he is now on. The information that the Senate
then had, as is shown by the debates, was the
statement made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories at that time, the distin-
guished Senator now presiding over this body;
and as I now recollect, the statement was that
the population was then about sixty thousand,
and was so rapidly increasing in tliat Territory
that it would very soon be above one hundred
thousand. That is my recollection of the state-
ment. and I think the debates will show it.
When this bill came up two years ago that same
distinguished Senator said to the Senate that*
he was misinformed in regard to the popula-
tion ; that, it was not near as large as lie had
supposed, and that it had not increased ha the
evidences before the committee at that t.irjie had
induced him to believe it would increase.
Mr. YATES. As I said, that question was
passed upon by Congress in the passage of the
enabling act in March, 1864. It is true that
when submitted to the people the constitution
formed by the convention called under that act
was rejected, and rejected-by a very small
majority, rejected by a party vote. I believe
the facts wiil bear me out in that statement.
The testimony before, the committee—and we
have received several petitions on the subject,
and a memorial from the territorial Legislature
—-is that after this rejection all parties came
to the conclusion that it would be better to
have a State organization, and the chairman
of the executive committees of the respective
political parties agreed to publish a call for a
convention. That convention was held, and
adopted a constitution. That constitution thus
formed was submitted to the people without
any opposition from any quarter whatever, and
it was ratified by the popular vote.
This is a plain statement of the facts of tha
case, and is a complete answer to the argu-
ment both of the Senator from Indiana and
the Senator from New York, and I ask now
what sense or propriety there is in having this
constitution submitted for the third time to the
people of the Territory, especially when, I
repeat, not one single objection from any
quarter whatever has come from the Territory
against the constitution itself. Why, then,
require the people to decide upon that ques-
tion again? That question is not in issue, I
repeat. There were some minor questions,
and there wassomeparty opposition, and there
was some personal opposition to the Senators
who were elected taking their seats; but all
difficulty on these points is removed by the
amendments we have made; and I think that
if we now leave it to the people there through
their Legislature to decide in effect whether
they will be admitted as a State into the
Union upon the constitution as adopted, and
ratify the constitutional amendment, and accept
the conditions here provided, there ean be
nothing whatever unfair in it.
The Senator from Indiana makes a grave
charge against the adoption of this constitution,
that there were only six thousand votes polled,
when it is a matter of fact,.and a matter of re-
cord as, Senators will see, if they will examine
the debates which have preceded this debate on
this very question, that Kansas was admitted
into the Union when only forty-six hundred
votes were polled in favor of her constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that the general prac-
tice?
Mr. YATES. I do not say it is a good general
practice; but I do not see why the Senators
from the eastern States now, when we propose
to admit another Territory as a State into the
Union, should adoptastep-mother policy which
they did not adopt in the case of Kansas and
other Territories.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask my friend
from Illinois what objection there is to taking
the vote of the people on the constitution at
the same time that they are to elect a Legisla-
ture ? It, costs nothing.
Mr. YATES. I will state candidly that I
have iu)^ sort of objection individually to that
proposition ; but the committee cannot see the
propriety of haying the constitution for the
third time submitted to the people. The ques-
tion was not made before the committee; bjifc
some of the committee here now cannot see
the propriety of having this constitution again
submitted to the people. They think it an
unnecessary act.
Mr. EDJIUNDS. Why should it be sub-
mitted to the Legislature again, if not to the
people ?
Mr. YATES. That question was decided
by the committee,
Mr. CONICLING. Why submit it to the
Legislature?
Mr. YATES. That is not the question now.
The only census we have ' recourse to with
regard to the population in Colorado is one
