1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8545
that was taken in 1860, and according to that
census there were ill that Territory at that time
eighteen thousand male adult inhabitants over
the age of twenty-one years. When Vermont
was admitted into the Union as a State she
had a population of fifty-five thousand; and
will any one pretend to say that Vermont at
that time contained eighteen thousand adult
voters?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; I will.
Mr. Y AXES. The Senator answers that he
will. We have his statement for the fact, but
I doubt it. If the population was only fifty-
five thousand I doubt whether there were eight-
een thousand adult voters in that State. It
would not be according to the laws of popula-
tion, to say the least. Now, in relation to the
vote which has been polled in Colorado, let
me say that there were nearly ten thousand
votes polled in the election of 1867. If we*
allow a population of only five persons to each
voter this would show a population of nearly
fifty thousand in Colorado.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What did my friend say
just now was the population of Vermont when
she wag admitted into the Union?
Mr. YATES. Fifty-five thousand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was eighty-five thou-
sand four hundred and sixteen by the census
of 1790, one year before she was admitted.
Mr. YATES. If we suppose there is a pop-
ulation of five persons to each voter, the pop-
ulation of Colorado in 1867 was fifty thousand.
That is not quite so large a population as Ohio
had when she was admitted, but larger than Illi-
nois, and much larger than many other States
had when they were admitted into the Union.
But the response is that these ten thousand
voters did not represent fifty thousand people,
because most of the emigrants'to that Territory
were male adults. My answer to that is that
in these far-off Territories it is often the case
that one fifth of the people do not go to the
polls. Especially in mining regions, where
there is great interest and excitement, and
where the success of an important enterprise
depends upon a day's time, men will not throw
down their implements which they are using
in their business and go to the polls at remote
distances ; and we have it from the statements
of persona there, from the Senator from Ne-
vada, who was in Colorado at the time, that
there was a population of at least fifty thou-
sand there then.
But, Mr. President, I have forborne to
trouble the Senate, and I shall not now pursue
my remarks on this bill, for I wish to obtain a
vote upon it. I shall not personally make any
strong opposition to the amendment which is
suggested ; but I have had no conference with
the committee on the question, and I see no
propriety in it, except to load the bill with
useless lumber and to submit to the people a
question which has been already decided, and
upon which there is now no controversy or
difference of opinion among them. I hope,
therefore, that as all question^ now are decided
in the Territory, ana the people are almost
universally anxious for admission as a State
into the Union, the Senate will give us a vote
and allow us at once to dispose of the matter.
I wish also to remark, that unless the bill is
passed now it may fail for want of time in the
other House.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to ask
the Senator irorn Illinois whether! am corrcct
iu supposing that he has accepted the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Wisconsin?
Mr. YATES. That has been adopted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With the acqui-
escence. of the committee?
Mr. YATES. Not with the acquiescence of
the committee, but the committee did not
object to it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It seems to me
that that settles this whole question. It is an
amendment not resisted by the committee,
which makes this a mere enabling act, and not
an act to admit a State. This State, by that
amendment, is to have further action before it
can be admitted. It is to exercise its will
whether it will come in or not. That is to be
exercised by the Legislature, according fo the
amendment. Then the only question sub-
mitted to the Senate is, which is the proper
mode for a State to exercise its will in adopt-
ing a constitution, by its Legislature or by the
people.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
say that the first section of the bill declares
that " the constitutional State government
the people of Colorado have formed be, and
the same is hereby, accepted, ratified, and
confirmed ; " so that constitution is accepted
when these conditions are complied with by
the Legislature.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. _ Subject, how-
ever, to the exercise of the will of the State
through the Legislature according to the amend-
ment. Now it does seem to me there cannot
be any question as to which is the proper mode
for a State to exercise that will. When legis-
lators are elected, they are elected with some
reference to that expression of will ; but every
legislator when he votes on that question is
voting himself in or out of office, and there-
fore he is not an impartial and unbiassed legis-
lator. It is a question with him " to be or not
to be," and the legislators in all probability
will have reference to still further offices to be
enjoyed in the State. But here an election is to
take place where the subject can be directly,
without expense or inconvenience submitted to
the people, which is the true republican mode
of settling this question. I hope the amend-
m$it of the Senator from New York will pre-
vail.
Mr. WILSON. Unless the vote oan be taken
pretty soon I must call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Pomb-
Roy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator'from New York to
the amendment.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I wish to answer a
position assumed by the honorable Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton',] and I want to ask the
Senate a question at the outset. Why do they
prescribe a different rule for the admission of
Colorado from that which they applied to Ne-
braska or Nevada? Both of those States came
here by the invitation of the' Government.
Colorado, too, was invited to come, but she
did not get in so early. The honorable Sena-
tor from New York tells us that when they
failed upon the first election the power of the
enabling act was spent, and that all proceed-
ings after that were irregular, as not being
within the scope or under the direction of that
enabling act. That position I entirely deny.
If it is true of Colorado it was true of Nebraska,
for she did not come by the first invitation. If
the power of the enabling act is exhausted
upon Colorado it was exhausted upon Nebraska,
and she is here without right. Now, sir, what
have the people of Colorado done that they
should be subjected to a different rule than
either of her sisters that were to come in on
the same invitation were subjected to ? In the
name of the citizens of Colorado I protest
against it. Mr. President, this opposition is
technical and factious, and the honorable Sen-
ator from New York seizes upon these technic-
alities for no other purpose than to keep Col-
orado out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator from
Nevada say that to submit this constitution to
the vote of the people will keep Colorado out?
Mr. NYE. No ; Mr. President, I hope the
honorable Senator from Indiana will keep still
a moment, and then he will be able to hear
what I say on this subject. I have been this
morning two or three times on my feet, and on
each occasion at least three Senators at a time
have been after me. Now, I beg Senators to
let me alone for two minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I disclaim any purpose
to interrupt the Senator. I simply wanted to
know his view ou the point 1 suggested.
Mr. NYE. I answer the honorable Senator
from Indiana now, that this constitution has
been submitted to the people, and by them
it has been ratified. My friend from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] says that there was a small
vote. Suppose it was a small vote, was that
Colorado's fault? No, sir. In obedience to
the request of this Government, in obedienco
to its command, she gave the vote she had for
that purpose. My friend from Indiana says
that it was so stnall that it cannot be presumed
to be the voice of the people now. My answer
to that is threefold. First, the citizens of Colo-
rado were not at all to blame that there were
not more inhabitants there when this constitu-
tion was adopted; second, she is not to blame
that more of her citizens did not vote; third,
she is not to blame at all, because she has pro-
vided for that very thing, and if gentlemen will
read the constitution of Colorado they will find
that if the Legislature desires an amendment
to the constitution provision is made for it.
But my honorable friend says, why not sub-
mit it? I say it is trifling with the people. The
real objection to Colorado is that she is not as
large as New York or Vermont or Massachu-
setts or Rhode Island in population. The real
objection is that she would have two Senators
ujion this floor. I hope that no such narrow-
mindedness will pervade this Hall, that no
such littleness will govern the action of men
here. What is the exact location and condi-
tion of Colorado at this time? She has adopt-
ed this constitution ; she desires to live under
it;' she has elected her Senators and sent them
here; they have waited two yearsaud we have
kept them out; and notf, at the end of two
years, it is proposed to send them back with an-
other enabling act. Why should we doit? In the
hour of the necessity of the Government you
passed an enabl ng act for Colorado with other
I'ex'ritories ; she lias responded to that invita-
tion; and now you propose to send her back
with another enabling act. Why? If gentle-
men are right in supposing that there is not
population enough there for a State, why give
them another enabling act? Is it to further
trifle with the rights and feelings and interests
of the citizens of Colorado, so that when they
come back here again it will be said by my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Morton'] that there
were not enough people to make their election
an expression oftheir sentiment, to make it em-
phatic enough. Suppose the people of Indiana
to-morrow should revise their constitution and
submit the revised constitution to a popular
vote, and there should be one majority in favor
of adopting it, would not the honorable Sen-
ator hold that that constitution was adopted?
Would not the law hold that that constitution
was adopted? It is the will of a majority of
those who participate in the transaction that
governs. There was only one hundred and
fifty-five majority, gentlemen say, for this con-
stitution. I submit to you, Mr. President, and
to the Senate, that that is as emphatic as though
it was one hundred and fifty-five thousand.
The honorable Ser.ator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hexdricks,] if he should happen to have one
hundred and fifty-five majority for Governor
of Indiana this fall, or if he should have a
majority of one electoral vote for President,
would certainly claim to be elected. I think
so ; and if anybody attempted to say that he Was
not elected because his majority was so small
that it was not emphatic, I would help to resist
that assault upon his rights. One hundred and
fifty-five majority, I repeat, for all the purposes
of this enabling act, and for the purposes of
these people who stand here asking to be ad-
mitted, is as good as one hundred and fifty-five
thousand ; aud the honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton'] is not at liberty to say
that the voice of that majority shall not be
heeded. The majority is certified by the proper
officers of the Territory, and my honorable
friend from Indiana is estopped from alleging
that it is not enough majority to decide the
question. The will of the majority is the great
democratic rule to which I always bow with
respect. The honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. IIen'Dkicks] claims to be a simon-pure
Democrat; that is his boast; that makes him
conspicuous among his people; makes him a
great leader. Now, I want to know if he is
