1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2521
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senator whether he
does not know, also, that the editor stated that
it was intended to be ironical?
Mr. COYNESS. I neither know nor care.
Mr. DIXON. He ought to have added that
statement of the editor.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 reply again that I neither
know nor care. I rose to suggest that the reso-
lution before us, and action upon it, has no
necessary or legitimate connection with the
proceedings of the House of Representatives
that have been read from the Globe. The
House does not state in its resolution, which
simply asks for a copy of certain of our pro-
ceedings, for what il requires them or wants
them. It was not called on to do so. When
we send to the House for a bill which has left
our custody and got into theirs we never state
why wc send for it. Our requests and requests
of the House of this character are never re-
fused. They are based upon not a right, hut
a comity that amounts to a right, and it is
always obeyed. I care nothing about the in-
vestigation going on; I caro much less about
the newspaper article that has been read. I
have lived long enough in public life to know
that every public man, no matter how pure he
may be, is regarded by not a very virtuous part
of the community or society in which he lives
as a target for abuse. I would not dignify the
article referred to by its introduction here.
But I rose, Mr. President, to say that I
regretted the direction the debate had taken ;
that I cannot see how we can refuse, no matter
for what purpose the House requires it, (and it
is not for us to inquire,) a certified copy of
certain of our proceedings. If they should, in
the progress of any investigation that they pro-
pose making, trench upon the prerogative of
the Senate, I should be as ready as any Sena-
tor here to resent and resist such an encroach-
ment. But we are not to assume that they
want it for any purpose of that kind. Nor will
I discuss the question whether, under the con-
stitutional power of the House to impeach, and
while an impeachment is pending, they have a
right to inquire in the direction they have pro-
posed to inquire or not. I think all we have
to do is simply to respond to the House by
giving them a copy of the record called for.
Mr. DIXON. Mr."President, I agree fully
with the Senator from California. I think we
ought to give them anything they ask, for I
would not stand upon ceremony; I would
welcome any investigation. I think this is—
but perhaps I had better not characterize it, and
I will not; but, at any rate, whatever that body
ask for I shall vote to give them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I agree
with the Senator from California that this is a
question of courtesy or comity between the
two Houses ; but the resolution under which
the other House are acting is a resolution
which in its very terms, it seems to me, speaks
of the Senate in language that forbids us to
look upon this question as one of mere comity.
In the resolution under which they claim to
act they assert that "information has come to
the managers whieh seems to them to furnish
probable cause to believe that improper or
corrupt means have been used to influence
the determination of the Senate upon the arti-
cles of impeachment." There is an allegation
that corrupt means have been used. What is
the meaning of these words?
Mr. CONNESS. Will myfriend permit me
a single word ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. It is only to say that I
do not see the necessary connection between
the request they make here and that proceed-
ing. There is none stated. I hope the Sen-
ator will agree with me in this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Since the House have
passed a resolution in which they assert that
they have information which seems to them to
furnish probable cause for believing that cor-
rupt means have been used to influence the
determination of the Senate, I think that it
requires us, the Senate of the United States,
to ask the House of Representatives to furnish
us the information upon which they are pro-
ceeding to act, and not call upon us for testi-
mony or what may be used by them as testi-
mony; for they ask a certified copy of our
proceedings, which could only be used as
evidence to be introduced in court or before
some committee. As they have made that
allegation in the resolution which they have
adopted, it seems to me it is not a mere ques-
tion of comity, and therefore I think there is
great force in the suggestion made by the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. President. I cannot take my seat with-
out making a single remark in reply to what has
fallen from the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] I know that the hon-
orable Senator, whenever he speaks upon this
question, speaks with a great advantage over
me and over many other members of the Sen-
ate, for he feels himself entirely at liberty in
his place as a Senator to speak of the Presi-
dent of the United States, although this im-
peachment is still pending undetermined in the
court, in the most unmeasured terms of denun-
ciation ; and others who are here sitting in this
court of impeachment feel constrained not to
speak, not even to open their mouths, upon the
questions which are involved in the impeach-
ment so long as that case is pending here. I
therefore feel constrained even now to keep my
mouth closed from entering into anything like
a defense of the President as connected with
anything involved in the impeachment trial.
But aside from that, and outside of the
impeachment trial or anything contained in the
articles, upon which I am not at liberty to
speak, and shall therefore say nothing, I say to
that honorable Senator that he never in his
life has done more injustice to a human being
than he has done in standing here and speaking
of Mr. Johnson as unprincipled and a wicked
man. He may have his mistakes ; he may err
in judgment; but I say to that honorable Sena-
tor from perhaps an acquaintance more familiar
with the President than he has had during the
last three years, a constant acquaintance with
him, that, if I am any judge of a man when put
in high place, or in any trying position, as to
the integrity of the motives by which he is
governed, I never in my life have met a more
honest man than Andrew Johnson. And I
say to that honorable Senator that although he
may make great mistakes, and I confess that
he has ; although he may err in judgment, as
no doubt he has ; although he may err in mat-
ters of taste, in matters of' rhetoric, he may
err in making public speeches and extempore
speeches, (which, in my judgment, no Presi-
dent should ever make at all,) still, when we
come 'to the question of the integrity of his
motives—I speak not now of any matter which
is involved in this prosecution, because there
are distinct charges and articles brought against
him, and I speak not upon that subject; but
outside of that, I say, Mr. President, in answer
to the Senator, that I believe him to be an
upright and an honest man. His whole life
has demonstrated it. I know he has not had
the advantages of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts; neither of learning, nor of edu-
cation, nor of opportunity; but, sir, he has
that which neither wealth can bestow nor uni-
versities of learning confer ; he has that which
belongs to those who come into this world,
whether in a palace or in a manger, with their
souls lighted with celestial fire, with nature's
stamp as one of God's nobility, an honest man.
And, sir, I have another thing to say to the
Senator from Massachusetts, that upon him
personally more than upon any other man rests
this very controversy hetween the President of
the United States and the Congress of the Uni-
ted States whieh for the last three years has
agitated the country. Was it not the Senator
from Massachusetts, in his place here, who,
before any controversy had ever begun, rose
in his place, when the President of the United
Staies sent in a message,with a report of Gen-
eral Grant accompanying it. and denounced it
as a whitewashing message? He was the one
that made the attack. He began that warfare
which led to this breach; and from that day to
the present moment he lias never let slip an
occasion to denounce Mr. Johnson whenever
he could get an opportunity.
Mr. President, I do not refer to newspaper
reports with any great degree of reliance; I
know how much they are liable to be misled ;
but information came to me the other day since
the vote winch occurred in the impeachment
trial, stating that a certain Methodist confer-
ence, I think, or some Christian denomination,
assembled in Chicago, receiving information
that there had been some corrupt practices in
the Senate ofthe United States, resolved to hold
a day of fasting and prayer upon the subject of
the corruption of Senators, or words to that
effect. To us, who know the men with whom
we are associated ; to us, who know the honor-
able Senators here who have been denounced
for separating from their political associates in
the votes they have given, this is of no conse-
quence ; it would only excite a smile of del ision
to talk about the use of money and corruption
in reference to the votes which have been given
by Senators in this body. We know the men
who are here. But at a great distance, a thou-
sand miles away, all may not know them ; and
when the House of Representatives pass a reso-
lution which seems to say that they have in-
formation going to show probable cause to be-
lieve that corrupt means have been used in the
Senate, I think, Mr. President and Senators,
it is a question for the Senate to enter upon ;
it is for the Senate and not for the House of
Representatives; and therefore I think that
great force should be given to the observations
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and as this
evidence is called for in pursuance of that reso-
lution of the House, I think the Senate should
hesitate before yielding what would be yielded
as a matter of comity under ordinary circum-
stances until we can have some explanation
from the House in relation to the resolution
which has been passed by that body.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I cannot view
this subject in the light in whieh the Sena,tor
from Wisconsin views il. I cannot lor the life
of me see that there is any reflection upon the
Senate in the action of the House of Ilepie-
scntatives ; and even if there was a reflection
upon the Senate, I cannot see that the Senate
should refuse any investigation which may he
suggested by the House.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask my honor-
able friend if he proposes to have the Senate
investigated by the House?
Mr. YATES. I will answer the Senator's
question. I propose that the Senate of the
United States shall defy investigation from any
source or quarter, and if the Senator from
Wisconsin is afraid of investigation, I am not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not afraid of in-
vestigation ; but I would not submit for one, as
a Senator, to have the Senate investigated by
the House. We might just as well investigate
the House.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, if the Senator
had waited until I had made my introductory
remarks, at least he would have seen upon what
ground I based the first sentence I uttered.
The House of Representatives is a party to
this impeachment proceeding. By the Con-
stitution of the United States the' House of
Representatives is prosecutor in the case. The
people of the United States, through the House
of Representatives, have laid the indictment
before us ; and if the House of Representatives
or any member of that House is satisfied that
there is probable cause to suppose that money,
that bribery, that corruption in any shape or
torm, has been used to influence the delibera-
tions ofthe Senate, that House or that member
of tt>e House would be derelict in his duty and
a disgrace to the country in whieh he lived if
he did not introduce a resolution of inquiry on
the part of the House as prosecutor in the ease.
Will the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
pretend to say that when attorneys designated
by law to prosecute in the case, the prosecuting
attorneys, the people's attorneys, have heard
of the use of corrupt and illegal means by
