1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
treat bim with the greatest hrutality. and those whoso
duty it is to care for him will assist the other cadets
to heap insults and potty indignities upon him. lie
is made lo repeat, from the mouths ot' his torment-
ors, the vilest and most indecent stories and songs,
stand upon a mantelpiece and address (upon some
vulgar subject) his audieuco of older cadets until his
limbs are ready to tail of their duty, and many oilier
harassing tilings (some of which it would not ho
decent to write) ho is made to do.
'"You may ask why an American youth of any
spirit will endure such things, and why the officers
allow it? First, when a new cadet arrives hois alone,
■without frieuds, and at once ho is set upon by twenty
or tliiity old cadets, whom he hardly knows whether
he ought to obey or not. If he dare to disobey he
must tight, else the opinion of the corps will be that
ho is a coward. If ho lights he is sure of being beaten,
for a stronger miinis always pitted against him, and
it is a custom of the corps for the third class to go into
' training' about a month before the ' Plebes' arrive,
so as to be able to llog the newcomers. You may
exclaim, * What high-toned honor 1' It is the honor
which West Point cadets show to new cadets. After
going into camp the new cadet, or ' Plebe,' as he is
called, must do the work of tlicold cadets, makebeds,
clean guns, run errands, light pipes, and fill pails of
water, which have been upset on purpose to make
work for him; theso and other things mu-t he do,
and at the same time hear the most brutal language
addressed to him at all times. If he ict'uso to work
ho is struck, or a pail of water is thrown upon him,
and then the public opinion of the corps requires liiin
to fight, and with seconds, umpire, and all thocquip-
ments of tho prize ring these affairs of honor como
off. Even at tho mess hall this petty tyrannical sys-
tem is displayed; tho 'Plebes' are allowed only what
tho older cadets do not wMi to eat themselves.
" There are a certain number of the upper classes
of the cadets appoint ed officers over tho rest, and if
they havo any dislike lor any of the l'ouith class
(Plcbe>) they show their revengeful spirit by repott-
ing them for deeds which they havo never committed.
Tho old cadets do not consider it dishonorable to treat
a'Plebe' in this manner. 'They are dead to every
idea of justico.''
Mr. SAULSBURY. I would suggest to
my honorable friend from Nebraska, if lie lias
never read it. that it would be well for him to
purchase a book called "Burton Green, or
Student's Life at Oxford," where lie will see
a great, improvment upon tlie habits and prac-
tices at West Point, if the statement from the
Chicago Tribune be true.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think the paper
sent to the desk by tho honorable Senator
from Nebraska is entitled to any considera-
tion. I am told that it professes to have been
written, oris stated to have been wiitten, by a
graduate of that institution. When I received
it I sent it to Professor Mahau, at West Point,
and received in response from him a long let-
ter, covering several pages, denying the whole
matter, and with it a statement of some of the
cadets of the institution. 1 have no doubt
that there, as in many other institutions of tho
country, there are many things done by the
boys that cannot boar examination, and 1 take
it the same things have been done at some of
the best literary institutions of the country.
1 know that al Cambridge, but a short time
ago, iheie was quiti; an exeitementgrowing out
of some of these piactices. I think that witlun
a few days I havo seen a statement, in regard
to another high literary institution of some
misconduct of this kind. I regret that I have
not the paper of Professor Mahan in my desk.
I have it at my room, and will endeavor to
put it on the record somewhere where it can
be read. It is a very clear statement of I he
ease.
I was sorry to hear the Senator say that a
large portion of the graduates of this institu-
tion Irom the South went into the rebellion.
M r. THAYER. What I said was that a large
number and a great proportion of the officers
who organized and led the confederate armies
were educated at West Point.
Mr. WILSON. A largo portion of the offi-
cers who led our armies were educated at West
Point. It is a fact that a large number of the
officers in our Army from the southern coun-
try who were educated at West. Point remained
true to the flag, and some of the ablest and
best officers in the eouutiy.
Mr. JOHNSON. OreneialGeorgeH. Thomas
was one of them.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly: and it is the fact
that a larger proportion of the Army officers
born in the South who were educated at West
Point remained true to the flag than of any
other class of the southern people. The offi-
cers from the South who were in the Army
who had not been educated at West Point gen-
erally went out and went into the rebellion,
while many of the officers who had been edu-
cated at West Point remained true, and, I have
no doubt, remained true because they were
educated at West Point, where they imbibed
something of the national spirit. I do not sup-
pose that institution is perfect; I have no doubt
it can be improved, and there have been some
improvements made there; but I do not think
it deserves a great deal that is said against it.
I believe that the statements made here are
not reliable statements, that there is no such
condition of things there as is represented in
this anonymous communication. Every effort
has been made, as 1 understand, to find out
who wrote it, but it cannot be ascertained. I
think a man who puts forth a statement of that
character against a national institution ought
lo let it be understood who lie is and who is
responsible for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I see but one
severe thing in that letter, and that is. that it
purports to have been written by a graduate of
the institution, if thatcould be proved on the
institution 1 should think it very severe ; but
otherwise than that 1 do not think the institu-
tion needs any defense against that communi-
cation. 1 think iny honorable friend from
Nebraska will agree that it is not that sort
of attack upon the institution which should
arrest at this stage of proceedings this appro-
priation. I do not feel called upon to make a
defense of the institution against that particu-
lar attack. When the honoi able Senator brings
in a bill for the abolition of the institution the
matter will he open.
Mr. GRIMES. When this article was pub-
lished in the Chicago Tribune it arrested my
attention. Being ail acquaintance and friend
of two or three of the professors at. West Point,
L cut it out and sent it to one of them in an
envelope, but without accompanying it by any
note or letter. I received a reply from the
gentleman to whom I addressed it, very satis-
factorily showing that there was no truth in it;
and that, has been followed by letters from some
young gentlemen who graduated with very
great distinction last year, and who went into
the Academy fiom the Army after having dis-
tinguished themselves in the war, and lioni
some who are in the Academy at this time,
anil occupy very prominent positions, denying
entirely the truth of the whole contents ot the
letter.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber if it is known that tho letter was written
by a graduate of the institution at all?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; it, is only stated
that it was written by a graduate. 1 can also
state that m traveling with some of my friends,
members of this bod), last summer, about the
time the long vacation began, when the stu-
dents, after being there about two years, were
permitted to go home and see their friends,
in our company were some young graduates,
all of whom told me, l'or 1 was the one who
had special conversation with them, that this
businessofhazing, which is about the only charge
that is alluded to in the communication, had
been entirely stopped by a peremptory order.
It had prevailed there to a considerable extent,
as it has in all the colleges of the country; but
the faculty have been warring against it in all
the colleges for years ; and I understand that
now, by peremptory military rule, which is en-
forced by court-martialing the persons engaged
in anything of this description, a stop has been
put to the whole thing, and two years ago, at
that.
Mr. TIIAYEIt. I stated, when I introduced
Ibis subject, that I had nopersonal knowledge
in regard to it, and that I presumed the state-
ments were exaggerated, for I do not believe all
that I read in the newspapers; but I thought it
was a proper subject to bring before the atten-
tion of Congress. My attention had been drawn
to the Military Academy before I saw that
article, and I had contemplated bringing up
the subject, and proposing lo substitute perhaps
two or three military institutions in different
parts of the country to take the place of it. I
am aware that it is somewhat dangerous to
touch upon any department of the Govern-
ment if there is a representative of that de-
partment on this floor in position as chairman
of a committee, because it seems to be re-
garded by the chairmen that a reflection may
be cast upon them. I have no such purpose.
1 do not hold the chairman of the Military
Committee responsible for the condition of
things at West Point. I, however, do believe
that there is some truth in regard to thechargos
that are made in that communication.
1 will not take up the time of the Senate, but
I desire to state that I have received a number
of letters from officers in the Army—those who
went into the service in the late war as volun-
teers, served faithfully through, and who have
since been appointed to positions in the regular
Army. A number of them I have known, and
they have written to me making complaints of
this character. They refer to the social_ ostra-
cism to which they are subjected by their con-
nection with the Army ; and I am satisfied that
the statements are true. They are subjected to
a social exclusion which is anything but com-
fortable to them. The testimony has come to
me in such a way and from such sources that I
cannot doubt it.
Mr. GRIMES, I inquire whether they are
infantry officers or cavalry officers?
Mr. TIIAYER. Both infantry and cavalry;
it is conliued to no particular branch. They
are treated as though they belonged to a lower
order of beings in the service. I was aware that
such a condition of things had cxi.-.ted before
the late war; but the West Point officers were
swallowed up in the vast armies of volunteers
that fought in tho war, and this feeling was
not then so apparent, but now it exists again.
Officers with whom I was acquainted during
the war have made known to me the condi-
tion of things which exists in camps, in gar-
risons, and m barracks. They are subject to
this social tyranny simply because they were
not educated at West Point. I regard that as
a kind of aristocratic institution in that re-
spect, as giving birth to a species of social
tyranny to which volunteer officers are sub-
jeeled simply because they are not graduates
of that- institution.
The bill was passed.
Ilor.SH HILLS KUFERIIED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read by their titles and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 2G9) for the relief of
Charles Pitcher ;
A bill (11. R. No. SC3) for-the relief of Ru-
fus M. Ilollister, ot Janesville, Wisconsin ;
A bill (II. R. No. 8oI) lor the relief of Hon.
George W. Bridges, a member of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress; and
A joint resolution (JI. II. No. 217J for the
relief of Beales and Dixon. .
The bill (H. R. No. 830) for the better reg-
ulation of the custody and expenditure of the
public moneys, was lead twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
ItHSTOUATlOJf Of DISMISSED A1DIY OWICEItS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (Id. it. No. 201) declaratory of
the law in regard to officers cashiered or dis-
missed from the Army by the sentence of a
general couit-martial. it declares that no
officer of the Anny nf tIn■ United States who
has been or shall heicafter be cashiered or
dismissed fiom the service by the sentence of
a general court-martial, formally approved by
the proper reviewing authority, shall ever be
restored to the military service except by a
reappointment, confirmed by the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What question is up
on that bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
' has just been read, and is before the Senate as
