1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
in Committee of the Whole, and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 should like to know
from the committee reporting the bill whether
there is an evil complained of in the Army in
connection with this matter which justifies
general legislation, or whether this is intended
to reach some particular case or cases. I had
not heard of any evil of the sort that this bill
would seem to meat and remove; but if it
does exist I should like to know from the
chairman in what cases; what wrongs have
been done that call for legislation in this direc-
tion ; in what cases have officers been restored
where it ought not to have been done. I know
of some cases where they ought to be restored
and they have not been restored; one or two
in my own State, as brave men as fought in
the Army, against whom no truthful accusation
could be offered, as I believe, and yet it has
been impossible to secure their restoration,
although most earnest efforts have been made
by their military as well as their social friends.
I do not believe that there is a general evil
which calls for this legislation, and I want to
know from the Senator from Massachusetts
whether this bill is intended to meet any par-
ticular case. I have a case in my own eye, in
which I expect yet to see justice done, where
a brave colonel was most cruelly, wantonly,
and, as I believe, wickedly dismissed the ser-
vice upon a proceeding that does not com-
mand, when the record is examined, the judg-
ment of a just man. I expect to see that
young man restored to the service and his honor
saved. Unless there is some evil of which we
can rightly complain to be corrected by this
legislation I do not wish to see it. If it is
intended to meet any particular case, in my
judgment, that is not worthy the American
Congress.
Mr. WILSON. It is not to meet any one
case, but to meet any case that may arise.
Several cases have arisen where persons have
been court-martialed and dismissed the service
and have been restored, some of whom cer-
tainly ought not to have been. This bill does
not pi ovide that they may not be restored ; but
the provision is that if the President is satis-
fied that injustice has been done he can re-
nominate them, send them to the Senate, and
on the Senate confirming them they will, of
course, be restored; and 1 have no doubt the
Senate would be disposed to do justice to any
man under such circumstanccs. I do not think
the decision of a court-martial dismissing an
officer from the service ought to be set aside
on the partial representations that are made
to the Executive. We know that the Presi-
dent cannot devote a great deal of time to the
examination of cases of this character, and
abuses have grown up under this power. Per-
sonal friends thus interested have interfered ;
and it is possible that in certain cases political
fiienda have interfered to set aside the verdicts
of courts-martial. There have been seyeral
cases of this kind within the last few years. I
do not mean now merely, but running back
through five or six years.
This bill does not make the derision of a
court-martial final; but if the President is sat-
isfied, and if the friends of a dismissed officer
are, satisfied, that injustice has been done him,
the President may take the responsibility of
sending his name to the Senate ; and if a good
ciise is made out I have no doubt the Senate
will do him justice. For myself, I have no
doubt that there are cases where injustice has
been done and where it ought to be righted.
What we want to get is substantial justice, and
we do not want a case decided by a little
pressure or outside influence by the Execu-
tive, and the decision of a military tribunal set
aside. I have no doubt that during the war a
great manv hasty judgments were made, and
perhaps some persons were dismissed that
ought not to have been; though, I take it, a
great many were not dismissed that should
have been. Now, we are not in active hostili-
ties, certainly, whatever may be the condition
of the country. I think the military tribunals
are entitled to their due weight and consider-
ation, and their judgment ought not to be set
aside in this way unless on thorough examin-
ation. I think this mode will do justice. The
bill has passed the other branch, has been
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
aud is now pending before us. I hope the
Senate will pass it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, it is not
for me to say that the bill is intended to pro-
vide for a particular case, although the circum-
stances connectedwithitaresuch as would lead
one who is more suspicious than I am to that
conclusion. I will not refer to them, because
it would not be in order, I imagine, to refer to
anything which has occurred in the House of
Representatives. The public, however, have
been led to believe that it was intended to apply
to the case of Major General Fitz John Por-
ter. I was one of the counsel of that gallant
soldier; and although perhaps I may have been
wrong because the court camc to a different
conclusion, the opinion that I formed after all
the evidence was given was that there was no
ground for the prosecution at all; and that, I
recollect when the case was closed, was staled
by the public press to be the opinion of all
who heard the testimony. It resulted, how-
ever, in a different way, and he was dismissed
the service ; and he has since, being sensibly
alive to what he considered the injustice done
him, endeavored in vain not to be restored to
the Army by the President of the United States,
but to get a reexamination of his case by an-
other board. His application for that kind of
relief was recommended to the attention of the
President by many of the best men of the
country.
I am not certain, but I think I recollect cor-
rectly, that among others who recommended
that he should have such a second trial, was
the honorable member from Massachusetts
himself, [Mr. Wilson.] I do not think I ca-n
be mistaken in that. All that he asked was
that in consequence, as he says, of develop-
ments which were made subsequent to his
conviction, and developments which, in his
judgment and in the judgment of his friends,
show conclusively (if that was not made good
by the evidence before the court-martial) that
great wrong was done him by the judgment at
which the court arrived. The facts should be
examined by a commission or board. One of
the principal grounds on which I think he
was convicted was that he failed on a certain
occasion to make an attack when there was
little or no force in his front, where the attack,
if it had been made at that time, would have
avoided the disasters of the day. Since that
period the reports of General Longstreet and
others of the occurrences of that day have
been made known. They were published by
Mr. Swinton, in a book written apparently
with great impartiality, with the expression
of his own opinion, too, since the trial; and
so far from its proving to have been the fact
that there were only a few men in Porter's
front, as stated by some of the witnesses,
among others by a certain General Roberts,
the whole of Longstreet's column was in front,
and if Porter had made the attack he would
have lost, perhaps, his whole command. It
is in consequence of that and other disclo-
sures which, as he thinks, have been made
since his trial, that he has asked the President
of the United States to appoint another board.
He has not asked to be restored ; nor lias he
said that he will make the judgment which
this other board may come to, if favorable,
the ground upon which to ask restoration to
the Army. All that he seeks is to have his
honor vindicated.
There was nothing in his antecedent career
to call in question his devotion to the Union,
his love of its flag, and his skill and gallantry
in maintaining its honor throughout the many
battles in which he was engaged. He com-
manded at the battle of Malvern, which proved
so disastrous to the enemy and so glorious to
himself and his command; and if he had had
ten thousand fresh men on that day, which he
would have had but for the withdrawal of Gen-
eral McDowell's command, Richmond would
have been captured the morning succeeding
the day of the battle of Malvern. That battle,
in all human probability, saved the Army.
When afterward, under the command of Gen-
eral Pope—and it is not for me to speak un-
kindly of that officer—the disasters of the sec-
ond battle of Bull Run occurred, hecommanded
the rear; he was placed in the command of the
troops here for the purpose of protecting the
capital; and as far as we have any knowledge
he discharged that duty faithfully. He was
ordered afterward to command his corps under
General MeClellan, and marched to Antietam
with that command; and I have some reason
to,believe as coming from General Robert Lee,
•who commanded the forces of the enemy, and
communicated to a friend of mine in Baltimore
since the war terminated, he thought that but
for the manner in which Porter's corps was
managed he would have gaiued the battle of
Antietam ; and if he had, God only knows what
might have been the result.
True, therefore, as he thinks and as I be-
lieve, to the honor of the nation and conse-
quently alive to his own honor, he seeks, as
every man who has honor in his bosom would
seek, a reinvestigation, that he may stand vin-
dicated against a judgment which he thinks
has done him cruel wrong. I think he has
written a letter to the honorable member from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] in which he
informs that honorable member what his pur-
pose is, and that it is not in any way to avoid
an investigation, or to avoid, if he should make
an application to the President, any inquiry
which the Senate of the United States might
think proper to make.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I am
rather anxious that the case of Fitz John Porter
should be opened, for I think great injustice
has been done Fitz John Porter. It will be
remembered that Fitz John Porter was chief of
staff to General Patterson two days before the
first battle of Bull Run ; that General Patter-
son's army was stationed at Bunker Hill
threatening Johnston's army, and that, had that
army remained at Bunker Hill, Johnston's
army would never have reached the battle-field
of the first Bull Run. Fitz John Porter was
the chief of staff of Patterson at that time, and
by the advice of Fitz John Porter Patterson
moved liia army away from Bunker Hill ami
left Johnston's army to come down and unite
with that of Beauregard, who thus conquered
us on the first battle-field of the war.
As to the battle of Malvern, the Senator from
Maryland is mistaken. Fitz John Porter did
not command at the battle of Malvern. He
commanded our right wing when the first at-
tack was made, but the battle of Malvern Hill
was not commanded by Fitz John Porter.
On the second battle-field of Bull Run Fitz
John Porter was peremptorily ordered to attack
the enemy's flank when he was fully occupied
in front by our other troops; and it was in tes-
timony before the committee on the conduct
of the war that Fitz John Porter said to the
man who carried the order "if t make the
attack it will bring on a fight." "Yes,'' said
the man, " are j ou not here for a fight?" Fitz
John Poiter marched his corps otf the field,
when in one hour and thirty minutes Long-
street's corps would have been utterly de-
stroyed.
Now, sir, my opinion is that injustice has
been done Fitz John Porter, aud that he
should have been shot, on that field of battle.
I told General Pope that the only fault I found
with him in the whole conduct of that cam-
paign was that he permitted Fitz John Porter
to leave that field of battle a free man. Jack-
son's corps had not come up; Longstreet's
corps was alone contending and all but over-
whelmed; and had Fitz John Porter obeyed
his order Longstreet's corps would have been
destroyed on Friday and Jackson's corps would
have been destroyed on Saturday, and the war
would have been ended on the second battle-
field of Bull Run.
