THE GLOBE.
ceeding to ascertain whether cause exists for
removing a public officer from office;" and- he
adds that "such eause of removal may exist
where no offense against public law has been
committed, as, where the individual has, from
immorality or imbecility, or maladministra-
tion, become unfitto exercise "the office(Cur-
tis on the Constitution, p. 360.) Here again
the power of the Senate over Andrew Johnson
is vindicated, so as to makeall doubt or question
absurd.
I close this question of impeachable offenses
by asking you to consider that all the eases,
which have occurred in our history, are in con-
formity with the rule, which so many comment-
ators have announced. The several trials of
Pickering, Chase, Peck, and Humphreys ex-
hibit its latitude in different forms. Official
misconduct, including in the case of Chase
and Humphreys offensive utterances, consti-
tuted the high crimes and misdemeanors for
which they were respectively arraigned. These
are precedents. Add still further, that Madi-
son, in debate on the appointing power, at
the very beginning of our Government said:
"I contend that the wanton removal of merito-
rious 'officers would subject the President to
impeachment and removal from bis own high
trust." (Elliots Debates, voL4, p. 141.) But
Andrew Johnson, standing before a crowd, said
of meritorious officers that 11 he would kick
them out," and forthwith proceeded to execute
his foul-mouthed menace. How small was all
that Madison imagined; how small was all that
was spread out in the successive impeachments
of our history, if gathered into one case, com-
pared with the terrible mass now before us.
From all these concurring authorities, Eng-
lish and American, it is plain that impeach-
ment is a power broad as the Constitution
itself, and applicable to the President, Vice
President, and all civil officers through whom,
the Republic suffers or is in any way imper-
illed. Show me an act of evil example or in-
fluence committed by a President and I show
you an impeachable offense which becomes
great in proportion to the scale on which it is
done and the consequences which are menaced.
The Republic must receive no detriment; and
impeachment is one of the powers of the Con-
stitution by which this sovereign rule is main-
tained.
UNTECHXICAL FORM OF PROCEDURE.
The Form of Procedure is a topic germane to
the last head and helping to illustrate it. Al- 1
ready it has been noticed in considering the
political character of impeachment; but it I
deserves further treatment by itself. Here we j
meet the same latitude. ]t is natural that, the I
trial of political offenses, before a political j
body, with a political judgment only, should i
have less of form than a trial at common law; t
and yet this obvious distinction is constantly !
disregarded. The authorities, whether English J
or American, do not leave this question open
to doubt. \
An impeachment is not a technical proceed- ;
ing, as at Nisi Prins or in a County Court, !
where the rigid rules of the common law pre- 1
vail. On the contrary, it is a proceeding ac- '
cording to Parliamentary Law with rules of its
own, unknown in ordinary courts. The formal |
statement and reduplication of words, which i
constitute the stock-in-trade of so many law- t
yers, are exchanged for a broader manner ;
more consistent with the transactions of actual j
life. The precision of history is enough with- j
out the technical precision of an indictment. !
In declaring this rule] but follow a memorable j
judgment in a case which occupied the atten- i
tion of England at the beginning of the last I
century. 1 refer to the case of the preacher ;
Saeheverel!. impeached of high crimes and j
misdemeanors on account of two sermons, in I
which lie put forth the doctrine of non-resist- !
ance, and denounced the revolution of 1088,
by which English liberty v.-as saved. After the
nrgumentson bothsides, thejndgeson questions ;
from the Lords answered that by the law of (
England and constant practice " the particular |
words supposed to be criminal ou<*ht to be spe- !
KtPTOiVEYT- f!0.
cifiedin indictments." Andj'etin face of this
declaration, by the judges of England, of a
familiar and indisputable rule of the common
law we have the rule of Parliamentary Law,
which was thus set forth :
• "n ®s resolved by the Lords spiritual and temporal
m Parliament; assembled, that by the law and usage
of Parliament in prosecutions by impcaehments for
high crimes and misdemeanors by writing or speak-
ing, the particular words supposed to be criminal are
not necessary to be expressly specified in suck impeach-
ments,"—Howell's State Trials, vol. 15, p. 467.
The judgment here does not extend in terms
beyond the case in hand; but plainly the prin-
ciple announced^ is that in impeachments the
technicalities of the common law are out of
place, and the proceedings are substantially
according to the rule of reason. A mere tech-
nicality, much more a quibble, such as is often
so efficacious on a demurrer, is a wretchcd
anachronism when we are considering a ques-
tion of history or political duty. Even if tol-
erated on the impeachment of an inferior func-
tionary, such a resort must be disclaimed on the
trial of a Chief Magistrate, involving the public
•safety.
The technicalities of the law were made for
protection against power, not for the immu-
nity of a usurper or a tyrant. They are re-
spectable when set up for the safeguard of the
weak; but they are out of place on impeach-
ments. Here again I cite Edmund Burke:
"God forbid—that those who cannot defend them-
selves upon their meritsnnd thciraelionsmaydefend
themselves behind those fences and intrenehments I
that are made to secure the liberty of the people; I
that power and the abuses of power should cover
themselves by those things which were made to secure
liberty."—Bond's Trial of Uastin<ji, vol 1, p. 10.
Never was there a case where this principle
belonging to the law of impeachment, was more
applicable than now.
The origin of impeachment in our own Con-
stitution and contemporary authority vindicate
this very latitude. One of the apologists sought
to sustain himself in an argument against this
latitude, by insisting that it was with much hes-
itation, and only at the last moment that this
jurisdiction over impeachment was originally
conferred on the Senate. This is a mistake,
as will appear from a simple statement. The
proposition to confer this jurisdiction on the
Supreme Court was made before it had been
determined that the judges should be appointed
by the President with the advice and consent of
the Senate. The latter conclusion was reached
by a unanimous vote of the Convention Sep-
tember 7, 1787. On the next, day, September
8, Roger Sherman raised the objection that
the Supreme Court was "improper to try :
the President because the judges would be j
appointed by him." This objection prevailed, j
and the trial was at once intrusted to the Sen- '
ate by the vote of all the States with one ex- ;
ception ; and then immediately thereafter, on i
the same day, the scope of impeachment was '
extended from "treason to bribery," so as to I
embrace "other high crimes and misdemean- ;
ors," and thus intrusted and thus enlarged it |
was made to embrace "the Vice President, ]
and other civil officers of the United States." j
From this simple narrative it appears that, I
while the Supreme Court, a judicial both/, was ;
contemplated for the trial of impeachments, the i
jurisdiction was restrained to two well-known j
crimes at common law, which have since been \
defined by statutes of the United States; but!
this jurisdiction, when confided to the Senate, I
a political body, was extended to political j
offenses, in the trial of which a commensurate i
discretion followed from the nature of-the case. :
It was in this light that the proceeding was j
explained by the Federalist, in words which j
should be a guide to us now ; j
"The nature of the proceeding can never be tied i
down by such strict rules, either in the delineation of j
the offense by the prosecutors or in the eon-'tniotion
of it by the judges, as in common case-: serve to limit
the discretion of courts in favor of personal sec,ur- J
ity."—federalist, No. 65. '
This article was bv Alexander Hamilton, \
writing in concert with James Madison and '
John Jay. Thus by the highest authority at j
the adoption of the Constitution we find that
impeachment" cannever b^'tied'do^n^F^fet
rules," and that this latitude is 'ajjp&iarsis1 to
"the delineation of the" offense," m&tili'rtg
thereby the procedure or pleading, siicfflsd'to
the " construction of the ofense;"" fu Botfr.-of
which cases" the "discretion" o'f tile SM&a
is enlarged beyond that of Ordinary"c'dartsJ' *
ETJLES or EVIDENCE., '
From the form of procedure I pass io the
Rules of Evidence', and here again th®. Senate
must avoid all technicalities and notallow any
artificial rule to shut out the truth. ■ It would
allow no such thing on the expuisioniof a Sen-
ator. How can it allow any such thing on die
expulsion of a President? On this account I
voted to admit all evidence that was offered
during the trial, believing, in the first pla.ee,
that it ought to be hefS'd and considered; and,
in the second place, that even if it were shut
out from these proceedings, it could not be shut
out from the publicor be shut out from history,
both of which must be the ultimate judges. On
the impeachment of Prince Polignae and his
colleagues of the Cabinet, in 1830, for sign-
ing the ordinances which cost Charles X his
throne, some forty witnesses were sworn with-
out objection, in a brief space of time, and no
testimony was excluded. An examination of
the two volumes entitled Prociis des Demiers
Ministres de Charles X will confirm what I say.
This example was to my mind not unworthy
of imitation on the present occasion.
There are other rules, which it is not too
late to profit by. One of these relates to the
burden of proof and is calculated to have a
practical bearing. The other relates to matters
of whicli the Senate will take cognizance with-
out any special proof, thus importing into the
case unquestionable evidence, which explains
and aggravates the transgressions charged.
(1.) Look carefully at the objectof this trial.
Primarily it is for the expulsion of the Presi-
dent from office. Its motive is not punish-
ment, not vengeance, but the Public Safety.
Nothing less than this could justify the ponder-
ous proceeding. It will be for the criminal
courts to award the punishment due to liis of-
fenses. The Senate considers only how the
safety of the people, which is the supreme law,
can be best pieseived; and to this end the
ordinary rule of evidence is reversed. If on
any point you entertain doubts, the benefit of
these doubts must be given to your country; and
this is the supreme law. When tried on an
indictment in the criminal courts Andrew John-
son may justly claim the benefit of yourdoubts;
but at the bar of the Senate on the questiou
of his expulsion from office, his vindication
must be in every respect and on each charge
beyond a doubt. Ho must show that his longer
continuance in office is not inconsistent with
the Public Safety:
" Or, at least so prove it,
Tnnt the probation boar 110 hin^e or loop
To hang a doubt, on."
Anything shorf of this is to trifle with the
Republic and its transcendent fortunes.
It is by insisting upon doubts that the apolo-
gists of the President, at the bar and in the
Senate, seek to save him. For myseif, I can
see none such, but. assuming that they exist,
then should they be marshaled for our coun-
try. This is not a criminal trial, where the
rule prevails ; better that many guilty men
should escape than one innocent man should
suffer. This rule, which is so proper in its
place, is not applicable to a proceeding for
expulsion from office ; and who will undertake
to say that any claim of office can besetagainst
the Public Safety?
In thus stating the just rule of evidence, I
do little more than apply those time-honored
maxims of jurisprudence which require that
every interpretation shall be always in favor
of Liberty. Early in the common law, we
were told" that he is to be adjudged impious
and cruel who does not favor Liberty; Impius
et crudelis judic,audits est qui li.bertali non
facet. Blackstone, whoso persona! sympa-
thies were with power, is constrained to con-
fess that " the law i« always ready to catch at
