1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3/547
feet, I guess. We have not any very positive
evidence upon it, but I am not going to dispute
that statement. There is no law in the world,
cither constitutional or statutory, which re-
quires that she should have that number of
people or any particular number.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But is it not justice ?
Mr. HOWE. There is no justice in it, nor
the semblance of justice. There is no sort of
equality between the States that now exist;
there never has been any ; there never has
been any settled attempt or purpose to enforce
it; there never should have been ; and the Con-
stitution never designed that there should be. !
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not in the House of Rep-
resentatives?
Mr. HOWE. Not in the House of Repre-
sentatives, so far as the question of admission
is concerned ; bat, after they are admitted, the
Constitution does declare that representation
there shall be in proportion to population,
with this qualification, that no matter what
may be the population of a State it must at j
least have one Representative. If it has not
more than ten thousand people it must have oue
Representative in the lower House. That is
the language of your Constitution. But it was
never intended that you should stand and bag-
gie with the people of a State as to their num-
ber when they came here and said they wanted
to be admitted unless you had some objection
to the character of the people. The makers of
the Constitution never intended that you should
quarrel about the numbers. That is my judg-
ment, and the Congress of the United States
never has made a'serious question about it.
Wisconsin refused to be admitted after she
had a population which entitled her, not to
one, but two Representatives in the lower
House. You refuse to allow the people of
Utah to be represented here to-day, and I
suspect they have much more than the popula-
tion that would entitle them to a Representa-
tive in the lower House under the present
apportionment. For years you denied to the
people of South Carolina and Tennessee repre-
sentation here, when you knew that they had
much more than the population that would
entitle them to a Representative. Why did
you refuse?' Because you thought they were
disloyal. You took objection not to their
number, but to the character and sentiment
and disposition of the people. That was a
wise and just proceeding. You cannot urge
any such objection to the people of Colorado.
The Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,]
who stands here protesting against the admis-
sion of Colorado with a small population u.11
sound to the core, has for years clamored in
favor of the admission of Representatives from
South Carolina and from Virginia and from
Georgia, who are all rotten to the core with
disloyalty and with treason. Sir, I wish to ask the
Senate and the Senator does he not think, will
he not agree, that forty thousand people who are
loyal and true in their allegiance to the Gov-
ernment and to the Union add more to the
strength of the Republic than four millions or
ten millions who are disloyal and untrue? When
they are disloyal, the more people you have in
the State the weaker they make the Republic
and the more they endanger it. They do not
add strength to it.
Numbers, then, I insist, are not a sine qua
non. If I resided in Colorado I should want
to take the census; I should want to know how
many I had to help me support the expendi-
tures of the Government before I consented to
be admitted; but standing here and voting to
appropriate for the expenses of a territorial
government, and not for a State government, I
only want to know that the people themselves
feel able to defray those expenses. You have
an appropriation bill which you passed yester-
day appropriating some thirty thousand dollars
to maintain a government for Colorado which
the people of Colorado tell you they will main-
tain themselves, and you say you will not let
them do it, because there are not enough of
them. They know better than you clo. Let
them try it. They are willing to do it. They
know their own capacity, their own ability. I
am willing to trust them. Smaller communities
than they have maintained a State government.
I must say with all deference to the opinions of
others that I do not think it is magnanimous or
generous to stand here in front of a loyal and
honest people, who simply ask to be allowed to
participate in the political power of the Gov-
ernment to the extent of giving two votes in
this House and one in the other; and I see
Senators recoil from that proposition as if it
was a stretch of generosity and magnanimity
to which they were altogether unequal. No,
sir; it will not make you any poorer if you con-
sent to let them in. I hope the Senate will
now agree to the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I must call for the regular
order.
Mr. HARLAN. I move the postponement
of the regular order for the purpose of pro-
ceeding with the consideration of the bill for
the admission of Colorado. I think it ought
to be disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. I have given way for an
hour and a half already; but if the Senator
from Iowa will withdraw his motion, I will
consent to let the regular order be passed over
until three o'clock.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw the motion for
the purpose of passing by the regular order
informally ; but 1 am not willing to limit it to
three o'clock. I do not wish to make any such
bargain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senate have
certainly full power over the subject under con-
sideration. They may dispose of it as they
please, and I think they ought to dispose of it
upon considerations of justice and sound
policy.
In 1864 a general enabling act passed to
permit Colorado, Nebraska, and Nevada to
form constitutions, with a view to their admis-
sion as States into the Union. Colorado had
34,227 population, Nebraska 28,841, and Ne-
vada 6,857, according to the census of 1860,
making an aggregate of 69,925 people. That
was a very extraordinary proposition. Here
were three Territories to become States that
in the aggregate, according to the most lecent
and authentic accounts of population, had but
a small fraction over half what was necessary
to enable a State to have a single Representa-
tive in the House of Representatives. That
bill passed.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Ken-
tucky does not understand that in 1864 they
only had that amount of population, but four
years previous.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not assume that posi-
tion ; but, Mr. President, according to my
recollection, when Nevada was admitted as a
State into the Union there was no authentic
information of the amount of population in that
State; and so of Nebraska. We know the
general fact that these are mining regions, and
that the population of mining States is gener-
ally nomadic; they do not settle in cities with
a view to permanent residence, and they do
not settle on farms with a view of living upon
them as a geileral rule and transmitting them
to their children. The leading business of the
mass of the population is digging for gold, and
as more alluring prospects for digging profit-
ably in other sections are held out to the pop-
ulation they move from one locality and oue
State and one Territory to another. The pop
ulation, as I am informed by persons who have
been among the miners, is, the larger proportion
of it, nomadic/" „They move from location to
location, according to the prospects of a remun-
eration of their labor in the work of mining for
gold.
Mr. President, gentlemen who favor the
admission of Colorado have attempted to illus-
trate this case by reference to the original States,
and they have brought up the existence of Del-
aware and Rhode Island and other States.
Those States were at the beginning of our sys-
tem of government, and were parties.to it. Each
of those States was then anationality, adistinct
sovereignty. The thirteen States, though they
were.'so different in size and in numbers and in
wealth, had together fought the battles of the
Revolution and had established a common in-
dependence for all the States. They had done
it, not as a consolidated republic, not as a single
nationality, but, as thirteen independent States
and nationalities. They formed a league, the
old Articles of Confederation, as distinct and
sovereign nationalities, in which each of those
States was equal to the other and none greater
as a State or as a national corporation than any
other. It was then, in that state of things,
when the league or confederation had proved
insufficient for the purposes for which it was
made, and the representatives of those States
got together to form a more perfect union and
government in fact, and not a mere league or
confederation, that they were all invited to go
into the work of forming a common govern-
ment. They all went into it as nationalities,
as separate and distinct sovereignties ; and of
course Rhode Island, Delaware, every State
was a party to the Constitution by which the
government was formed, and as a compromise
for the unequal representation of the States in
the House of Representatives they were admit-
ted to equal representation in the Senate as
States and as sovereignties.
There is no analogy between those cases and
the present. Those cases furnish no argument
whatever to illustrate and .enforce the justice
and sound policy of admitting Colorado as a
State into the Union. Sir, no new Territory
ought to be admitted as a State into the Union
unless justice to the other States and sound
and true policy require, it to be done. Here is
New York, that had in 1860 three million eight
hundred thousand people; here is the State of
Pennsylvania, that had about three millions ;
Ohio, that had two million five hundred thou-
sand; I do not speak with any exactness. Here
are those great States, empires of themselves
within a vast empire, that have the right but
to two Senators in the Senate of the United
States. Was it right, when this enabling act
passed in 1864, to form three States of these
three Territories which had butan aggregate of
sixty-nine thousand nine hundred and twenty-
live people by the census of 1860, and no doubt
by their then actual population did not exceed
one hundred thousand, and certainly were far
below one hundred and twenty-seven thousand,
which is the ratio of population for a single
Representative under the last apportionment
of Representatives? Was it just to the old and
larger States, was it sound policy, that these
three Territories with such a figment of popu-
lation should be admitted as States into the
Union, and each of them having a power and
a weight in the Senate of the United States
equal to the great States whose population is
numbered by millions?
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
state that the population of Ohio when she was
admitted in 1802 according to the census of
1800 was forty-five thousand?
Mr. DAVIS. I am much obliged to the
honorable Senator for the suggestion. Ohio,
it was known, was one of the most fertile of
all the northwestern Territories; and at that
time there were streams of immigration into
that Territory that gave assurance that in a few
years her numbers would be swelled largely
beyond the ratio of representation at that time.
So of all the States in the northwestern Terri-
tory.
Mr. YATES. If the Senator will allow me,
I wish to make a statement in regard to the
population of Colorado which is verified by
the facts. During the war, from 1861 to 1865,
and I may say until 1866, immigration was
driven away from the Territory by Indian dis-
turbances. The Territory is some_ live or six
hur.-dred miles beyond the Missouri river, -and
between the Missouri river and the Territory
there were extensive hostile bands of Indians.
The result of the disturbances was that immi-
gration was entirely discontinued. I will say
