1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
remain and acknowledge its supremacy. Sir,
there never was a more audacious and unfound-
ed assumption of power than that by which
Congress claims the right to confiscate the
property and hold and govern the people of
those States under the laws of nations "outside :
of the Constitution."
The laws of nations have no application to
them since the war closed; and the laws of
nations cannot, under any circumstances, inter-
fere with or supersede the fundamental law of
the nation itself. They profess only to pre-
scribe the rules and maxims by which one
nation should regulate its conduct toward
another and not the conduct of the natiou
toward its own people, toward itself. _ They do
not regulate or interfere with the interior polity
of nations or with their several internal depart-
ments. They cannot confer upoti the Presi- |
dent, the Supreme Court, or Congress, any !
powers whatever which they do not possess by ;
virtue of the Constitution. They have no
application as between the citizen and the '
nation itself; the laws of nations are all with- 1
out exception limitations and not grants,
intended to control the excited passions and
cruel dispositions of nations in their inter-
course with each other and in the prosecution
of war. They apply to wars, civil as well as
foreign, because while the war rages the civil
law cannot be enforced and for the purpose of
lessening the calamity of war and rendering it
less cruel and terrible. I
They then are restrictions and limitations '
upon the excited passions and ferocious cruel- '
ties which war never fails to excite. They
enjoin respect for the flag of truce, spare the
lives of prisoners, prohibit the slaughter of
women and children and enforce the principles
of kiudness and humanity. And these are
among those belligerent rights, the mutual
concession of which in the prosecution of
the war, as it is claimed, divided the Union
and placed all the people of the confederate
States as conquered belligerents at our feet
"outside the Constitution"—their property and
lives at the disposal of this Congress. Was
there ever a greater absurdity or a doctrine
more fatal to the permanency and preservation
of the Republic ? It utterly precludes the idea
of the Government ever by force of arms sup-
pressingan insurrection orputtingdown a rebel-
lion. The Government is foreever powerless to
save the Union by war, by force of arms. Let
opposition to the Government by arms arise for
any cause in any State of the Union, and the
Government attempt to put it down, if it shall
become sufficiently formidable to entitle the
insurgents to belligerent rights according to
the laws of nations, and those rights shall be
conceded, the Slate when the Government
shall have conquered will be out of the Union
and the people "outside the Constitution"
with no rights except only such as Congress,
according to its supreme will and pleasure,
may graciously concede.
No scheme was ever devised by the wit of
man by which the States and all State and local
governments were so fearfully imperiled, and
by which the central Government could so surely
and certainly absorb and usurp all the reserved
rights and powers of the States and people.
Every time a State goes out or is excluded its
Representatives and influence disappear, and
the power of the central Government is pro*
portionably increased. Suppose enough of the
people in each of the remaining States of the
Union with the exception of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, (and she with the prospect of prey-
ing upon all the rest, would of course remain
loyal,) finding the growing pretensions and ex-
actions of the General Government intolerable,
should rebel, seize all their State governments,
form new and hostile ones, and should even
against a majority of the inhabitants, the regu-
lar Army of the United States, the volunteers
of Massachusetts, the President, Congress, the
Supreme Court, the District of Columbia, and
all the Federal office-holders, hold out until
by the laws of nations the contending parties
should become belligerents and the rebellion
should then be subdued. According to the I
doctrine now contended for all the States with |
the one exception would be out of the Union, |
conquered provinces, and all the people, loyal i
and disloyal, would be conquered belligerents
"outside of the Constitution." Massachusetts ,
would then be the Union—the United States. 1
Iler two Senators would compose the Senate
and the ten able gentlemen on the other side,
the House of Representatives. They together
would be the Congress, and this Congress would
then constitute "the Government," and it
would be what my friend from New York
[Mr. Brooks] denominated "homogeneous,"
"decidedly homogeneous."
Then, sir, would commence the work of
" reconstruction" at the point of the bayonet.
The insurgent States could be held "outside
S the Constitution" till they would conform their
Governments to the views and requirements of
the Congress. They would, of course, be
. required to provide for high protective tariffs
for all goods manufactured in Massachusetts
and the impeachment of the President by irre-
pealable law, consent to be taught by Massa-
chusetts school-marms, give forty acres, suf-
frage, and a mule to all her surplus old maids,
; and then this Congress, "by its sovereign
power, by a law now to be passed," would be
! prepared for general "mild" confiscation,
j Mr. Speaker, "the Union" is a Union
i of States—living, distinct, defined, organized
! States. It never has lived, and it never can live,
| except in the life of the States. It depends,
! and must forever depend, for its life and being
| upon the life and being of the States. States
< not territorial or exercising territorial domin-
ion merely, not provinces, not dependencies,
but governmental, constitutional States—States
with rights and powers and duties and obliga-
tions ; States having lives and property and
rights and liberty to guard, protect, and de-
fend ; States alike free, sovereign, independent,
coequal States. Of these States "the Union"
of the Constitution was and could only have
been formed and created. To preserve them
is to preserve "the Union;" to protect them
is to protect the Union ; to save them is to save
the life of the Union, "the life of the nation."
To do this, to preserve these States with all
their original attributes, qualities, rights, and
privileges unimpaired against all assailants, all
"comers," was the high and holy purpose for
which the Union was formed, it was not
created by and of the States to kill them, but
to save them; not to devour them, but to pre-
serve them; not to conquer them, but to protect
them ; not to subjugate them, but to uphold
them. To destroy one of these States or per-
mit it to be destroyed is to destroy or permit
to be destroyed the Union itself.
Vattel (page G2) declares—
"Tho preservation of a nation consists in the
duration of the political association of which it is
founded." * * *. * "If a .nation is
obliged to preserve itself it is no less obliged care-
fully to preserve all its members."
The law of self-preservation, then the high-
est obligation of man or nations, requires this
nation to save and preserve the members of
which it is composed. It cannot permit a
State to die or be killed, to destroy itself or be
destroyed, to break away or be torn away from
the Union, without permitting its own destruc-
tion. Not to be able or willing to save one of
the States is not to be able or willing to save
itself; to be able to save it and for any cause,
and under any pretense not to do it, is self
destruction.
Sir, there are gentlemen in this Congress
who were never quite satisfied with the Union
or with the Constitution, who have always
chafed and fretted under their restraints. It
is to avoid these restrictions and limitations,
to give unlimited indulgence to the passions
ana excitements aroused by the war and an
unrestricted field for plunder and confisca-
tions, that power is sought for Congress " out-
side the Constitution." But what is meant by
governing the States and people of this nation
outside the Constitution? By what warrant?
By what authority? By what law?
" Outside the Constitution! " Where is "out-
side the Constitution?" What are its bounda-
ries ; what its limitations ; what its height and
depth, its length and breadth; who governs,
and who are the governed ? No department of
this Government has any power except in and
by the Constitution; neither the President, the
Supreme Court, nor Congress. The Constitu-
tion is the supreme law to all the members of
the national Union—the source of all political
authority, of all governmental power. It is the
only source of power. Outside of it you have
no President, no judiciary, no Congress, no
Union, no Government, no people to be gov-
erned. Nor has the war abrogated it or any of
its provisions, or released any department or
officer or citizen from obligations of obedience
to it, or added a whit to the powers or privileges
it confers. It may have been, it has been
ignored, disregarded, violated ; but it stands
to-day as it did at the beginning—the sole war-
rant of federal or national power, with tho full
right and express power to vindicate its offended
majesty whenever and wherever it has been
disregarded or encroached upon. All and
every officer of the Government must act in its
name and by its authority. It is their only
warrant of power; it is their only shield and
protection.
Let the President, the judiciary, or- Con-
gress go outside of it, exercise a jurisdiction
not granted, a control over any citizen not
conferred, or take from him life, liberty, or
property by any law not based upon or author-
ized by it, it is crime no less atrocious than
murder or treason.
" Outside the Constitution" there is no law,
no justice, no protection, no safety. All is
confusion, anarchy, oppression, and tyranny.
You hear the "tinkle" of that "little bell,"
and the insolent boast that it is more potent
than the voice of kings and queens. You hear
the clank of the doors of forts, prisons, and
bastiles as they are swung to and fro by the
cringing tools of rawer to receive the victims
waved in silence tonnpronounced and unknown
doom. You hear the drum-beat summoning
in mockery the doomed to martial judgment,
and the click of the spring touched by the
bayonet that launches their souls into eternity.
You hear the voice of arbitrary and unrelent-
ing power silencing the tongues of those who
complain, tearing them from country, from
home, from wife, from children, and sending
them into exile. You see the judge on the
bench confronted and execution upon his judg-
ments stayed by the sword, the public press
controlled or destroyed, the sanctity of homo
invaded, the temples of religion closed, and
the voice of him appointed to administer its
consolations silenced.
Happily no department of this Government
except Congress makes any pretensions or
claim to powers not found in the Constitution.
But liberty and the Constitution may well
staud appalled at the usurpations and fearful
pretensions of Congress. Claiming, by some
means unknown to the Constitution, to have
discovered the "will of the people" and to
have been commissioned to execute that will,
it is a constant and ever-present menace to the
other coordinate departments. In the name
of the "will of the nation," not as expressed
in the Constitution but in some manner satis-
factory to Congress, it has assumed the func-
tions of both the Executive and the judiciary.
It claims the right to make the law, to adjudi-
cate its construction, and to carry it into exe-
cution. It is not only rapidly and surely
absorbing and swallowing up all the legitimate
powers of this Government, but its usurpations
and pretensions will if unchecked soon not
only deprive the States of all rights but will
rob the people of all their rights and liberties.
Already this Congress claims the exclusive
authority over ten States and the right to rule
and govern twelve million people by the sword.
The States of Maryland, Delaware, and Ken-
tucky are threatened, and soon will be all those
that do not vote in accordance with the views
of Congress.
