110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Sir. the will of this nation is to be found in
tin1 it'.tuon an J Congress is bouml to obey
it ,i> there expressed. t liis is a country ot
wn'ten t'on-uuitii'ii and laws witli a judicial
'h-*Mitnii-nt to interpret them ami an Kxectitive
t.. execute them. In the e\ er-memorable words
of Justice D.ivis in the case ex parte Milligan:
*• Rv the protection of the law, human rifrhts are
secured; withdraw that protection aud they are at
tnc mercy ot' wicked ruler?, or the clamor ut an ex-
i- ted people."
('o:\-;i"it'ous and laws are made for times
«t" urv.i! excitement—made to control the im-
pels' - of passion and to guard the people from
t he unres: rained w li I t.i t tho^e w ho are appointed
to u.'.e int'r tlieiu. I'hc wisdom ot their adop-
tion is demonstrated U tlie unfounded claim
o! Congress to rule " outside ' ot them. It is
indeed strange that Congress should put torth
anv such cl.iim—Cspecia.ly in the light of that
decision of the Supreme Court. On this ques-
tion it is no divided opinion, no partisan ex-
pression. It is the calm and deliberate judg-
ment of the majority and minority of every
member of the highest national tribunal. _ It
is the solemn utterance of the law by the voice
of authority. Justice Davis, writing the opin-
ion for the majority, further declares:
" The Constitution of the United S'utes is law for
rulers an.I people i.nia'.ly in w.ir ami in peace, and
covers with the thiekl of iu protection all elates ot
men At all time:? ami under alt circULi t*uce*."
I'or the minority Chief Justice Chase says:
" We agree in the proposition that no department
of the (iovermuentot the luiteii States, neither Pres-
ident. nor Congress, nor the courts, possess any power
not given by the Constitution " * #   «
" Iiir neither can the President ill war more than in
peaee intrude upon the proper authority of Congress,
nor Conires-s upon the proper authority of the Presi-
dent. Uoth ar? servants of the people whose will
i3 expressed in the lundameutai law."
\\ hat now becomes of this flippant talk of the
powers of Congress "outside of the Constitu-
tion" and "the will of the nation" except as
found and expressed in it? 1 his decision ot the
Supreme Court ought to set at rest at once and
forever all these pretentions claims of tin-
granted powers. 1 here are powers enough in
oar Constitution, powers enough for war and
powers enough for peace ; powers enough for
our rulers and powers enough for the security
of the people's rights. No greater calamity can
befall this nation than for the people to acqui-
esce in this claim of Congress to derive powers
'"outside the Constitution."
It matters not that Congress is composed of
many individuals. The despotism of numbers
is the worst of all despotisms. The responsi-
bility is divided and rests upon no one. Like
a corporation, Congress has no soul, no heart,
no conscience, no sympathy. It never relents,
it feels no sorrow, it is moved by no compas-
sion, it has no tears. The people have no pro-
tection, their rights no security, their liberties
no safety except in the written law. Congress
mnst have no carte blanche, no '"outside" dis-
cretion, no undefined power, no unexpressed
unwritten will of the nation to execute.
Mr. Speaker, I have no words to express the
horror with which these measures "outside the
Constitution '' fill me. A great and free Re-
public like the United Statesestablisliingapnre,
simple, unmitigated despotism over one third
of the nation! Ruling absolutely by the sword,
no law, no restraint, no rule bat the will of the
commander! and that will unexpressed, unde-
fined, and unrestrained, and that, too, in a time
of profound peace. How long will it be borne?
how long will the people submit? how long
will they crawl at the loot of power? Is it
peace, ii it submission, or is it that quiet, that
indifference, that torpor, that dumbness that
follows despotism? Thereis no war; there is
no insurrection ; there is no rebellion ; there
has been none for almost three years, By what
right are the laws of war enforced ? by what
right does Congress dispose of life, liberty, and
property ? by what right is the sword of power
upheld? The majestic voice of the civil law is
no longer silenced by the clangor of arms; it
commands the sword to its scabbard and the
warrior to the plow. There are no longer ftnjr
belligerents, and Congress has no belligerent i
d<
rights. The law and the Constitution speak- :
mir by the voice of your own favorite Chief
Justice Clutse. declares that—
"Contrrejs cannot establish awd apply the lnws of
warwhen no war exisN. H hen peace exists the laws
of peace must prevail."
Away, then, with your belligerent preten-
sions. your military despotisms, mid your mar-
tial confiscations. Unloose your bloody jaws;
your enemy has submitted, and the war is over,
lvestore your Government; make good your
promise to save the Union by which you
secured the sacrifices of so many patriotic
Mr. Speaker, it ought to be enough to con-
demn all these measures of military govern-
ments and belligerent confiscations that they
are the desperate resort of u poliiicul party to
.erpetuate its party power; that they are all
evised, not by statesmen in the interest of the
country, but by politicians in the interest of
party. No man in his right mind can believe
that one dollar of money arising from these
proposed confiscations will ever reach the
Treasury for the purpose of increasing pen-
sions, paying the losses of the war, or lessen-
ing the burdens of taxation.
It will, as it is inteuded, crush, distress, and
destroy the white population of the South with-
out availing the finances, the treasury—any-
thing. I say as it is intended, for there can be
no doubt the purpose of all these measures is to
destroy the property-holders and build up a
negro Republican party, and subject all the
people of those States to the supreme authority
of the negro race.
Hence the gentleman from Pennsylvania
says in his speech before referred to with re-
gard to his bill:
"The fourth section provides first that out of the
lands thus confucated e.icli liberated slave who is a
male adult, or the head of a family, shall have as-
signed to him a homestead ot forty acres of land,
(with 4100 to build a dwelling,) which shall be held
for them by trustees during their pupilage." * *
"Whatever may be the fate of the rest of the bill
I unost earnestly pray that this may not bedefeated."
***«•****#*«
"It were well if all their large estates could be
sob-divided and sold in small tracts. No people
will ever be republican in spirit and practice where
a few own immense manors and the masses are land-
less."
Thus it will be seen this is the purpose
nearest his heart—the main object he has in
view. But lie is not alone; the Republican
party is with hitn. About the same day of
liis speech, immediately after the second re-
construction bill was passed, "The Union Re-
publican Congressional Committee at Wash-
ington" issued an address entitled '"The policy
of Congress in reference to the restoration of
the Union," for distribution in the southern
States. In that address it is claimed that the
negro race '"is indebted to the Republican
party for its elevation to a position of equality,"
and that
"The negroes on their bide cannot hesitate to sup-
port the party and the principles by whose labors
and influence their redemption has been accom-
plished." "The owners ot large estates should divide
anil subdivide their lands andseil them at reasonable
rates to those who nerd them and can impiove them."
* * * * "This is a common right, and cannot
be denied with satety to society."
This is the avowed position of the Repub-
lican party. And it hastens to inform the negro
of what it has done for him, what it will do,
and what it expects of him in return. The
party gives him favorable legislation, money,
and lands, and "expects him" in return to
give the Republican party his vote and support.
! The negr.", is indebted—he cannot hesitate to
i support the party. His vote was the consid-
! eration ; the Republican party has performed
' and is performing, and he cannot hesitate to
keep it in power. Was ever wanton more
brazen and demonstrative? Did corruption
ever press the bribe more unblushingly or per-
j sistently?
{ And thus is forced upon us the great and
painful fact that all these "outside" measures
are in tbo interest and for the purpose of keep-
ing in power a political party; that the Gov-
■ eminent of the Constitution is wickedly put j
I aside by partisans for partisan ends. Negroes I
are elevated to a position of equality and noti-
lied that the estates of the white man cannot
remain undivided "with safety to society;"
that these estates should "be divided and
subdivided" and sold at reasonable rates, or
confiscated by act of Congress and given to
them for homes. This is " the policy of Con-
gress in reference to the restoration of tiie
Union," as declared by the congressional com-
mittee. Five absolute military despotisms in
ten States; negro equality; negro supremacy,
and agrarian confiscation. Is this the prom-
ised Union, the consummation of all our hopes ?
Was it this for which wo struggled .so long
and sacrificed so much? I'or which halt
a million brave men laid down their lives?
For which so many tears were shed, so many
hearts broken, so many homes made desolate?
No, sir, no; it is the fatal scheme of radical-
ism run mad; it is the dark, desperate plunge
'■ outside the Constitution." It is usurpation;
it is lawlessness; it is anarchy; it is revolution.
Revolution against the Union; revolution
against the Constitution ; revolution against
republican government; revolution against
American liberty. Ten States, ten sovereign
States, have gone down before it: their gov-
ernments are all swept away. One third of
the Republic, twelve million people, are with-
out any civil government; their constitutions
and laws are set aside or trodden down by the
heel of military power. Their lives, liberties,
and property are in the hands of despots.
And the revolution still goes on! Other
States are menaced, other citizens are threat-
ened, other powers arc usurped, other rights
denied. The boundaries of the Constitution
passed, its restraints removed, its barriers over-
come, human passion swells and surges un-
controlled. There is no right so ancient, none
so venerable, none so sacred as not to be up-
rooted and overborne. Property will have no
security, liberty no protection, life no safety.
Law-makers become law-breakers must expect
the common doom. The lessons they teach
once learned they will invoke the law in vain.
Having sowed the whirlwind they, too, will reap
the storm.
Sir, the people of this country owe their past
\ prosperity, happiness, and national renown to
| our written Constitution. In its maintenance
the Republic has had its life and growth, and
j in its abandonment or subversion it will find
| its grave. The faith of this nation is pledged
to the preservation of the Union created by it;
it is pledged, solemnly pledged, to guaranty
to every man, woman, and child every right,
every privilege, every immunity covered by its
provisions. You cannot hold any portion of
the people of this nation in subjugation to the
other. You cannot deprive any citizen of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law.
You cannot confiscate or take from any one
his estate or any other right by act of Congress.
Any one or all these things will cover this nation
with eternal infamy and disgrace.
But, sir, these measures are not violations
of the most vital provisions of your Constitu-
tion only, they are not violations of the sacred
pledges under which your armies were raised
and the war prosecuted only, they violate that
mostsacred and holy of all human treaties, the
stipulations by and under which yeur conquer-
ing generals secured the surrender of the
arms and armies of the confederacy ; they
violated the terms of the parole by which the
confederate soldier laid down his weapons
and retired to his home, to be thenceforth
undisturbed so long as he peacefully obeyed
the laws in force; they violate an agreement,
the value and strength of which rests in the
national faith and the national honor, and to
violate which dishonors every officer, soldier,
and citizen of the Republic, and sullies the
character of the nation itself; they arc, in
fact, a wanton and treacherous violation of the
peace which Grant and Sherman agreed upon,
and so far as the nation is concerned, an unpro-
voked renewal and continuation of the war.
Mr. ELDR1DGE, having occupied an hour,
was allowed by unanimous consent fifteen min-
