1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Great injustice, sir, has been done to Fitz
John. Porter, and I think if he were now to
come before a court-martial of the men who
closed the war, with the facts as developed
before the Committee on the Conduct of the
War 
Mr. CONNESS. Including the rebel reports
now in our possession.
Mr. CHANDLER. His fate would not be
to appear before us complaining of a court-
martial.
But again, sir. The battle of Antietam, we
are informed, was a glorious day for Fitz John
Porter. Sir, Fitz John Porter was not within
five miles of the battle-field of Antietam; he
lay back with the finest corps in the whole
Army, as was in testimony before the Com-
mittee on the Conduct of the War; and when
General McClellan suggested to him that he go
in, he shook his head; and not General Fitz
John Porter and not one single man of his
corps advanced to attack the enemy, and I
am informed by one general wounded in that
battle, one of the most gallant, that had Fitz
John Porter's corps come up at the time that
he sent back for reiinforcements the battle of
Antietam would have closed the war.
Mr. President, 1 do not desire to go into the
history of Fitz John Porter or of the war; but
these facts being fresh in my recollection, as
they are in yours, having been given in sworn
testimony before us in the Committee on the
Conduct of the War, I simply say that I am not
willing it should go out that Fitz Jolm Porter
was the hero of any except the first battle at
Malvern, when our right wing was attacked.
1 do not say that he did not fight well; I think
he did. He was attacked, and as a matter of
course defended himself on that day; but aside
from that Fitz John Porter's record is one of
humiliation to every man acquainted with it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, it is not
for me to try conclusions with the honorable
member from Michigan in military matters.
He has had some experience, I believe, on the
fields of battle. I think he was at the first
battle of Bull Iiun 
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Or in the neighborhood
to witness that disaster. I therefore defer to
his judgment in such matters as well as I can
be expected reasonably to do ; but when there
are arrayed against the judgment of the honor-
able member some of the most gallant officers
of the Army I cannot help thinking that per-
haps the honorable member misunderstands
his ability to form a judgment upon such mat-
ters. Fitz John Porter, in the testimony before
the court-martial, was vindicated by every one
of the officers under his command, men who
have been upon every battle-field, evincing
skill and gallantry never before surpassed ; and
it is a liitle hard to say that a man who him-
self has been in fifteen or twenty of the hardest
fought battles, in the midst of danger, with the
balls of the enemy whistling around his head,
and never showed the slightest timidity or
evinced anything but a desire to maintain the
honor of the flag and support the cause of his
country, is to be assailed upon the ground of
testimony taken before the Committee on the
Conduct of the Warl
Who examined the witnesses? Who was
there as the friend of Fitz John Porter?
What counsel had he? In what relation did
the men who assailed him stand toward him?
What did they know about it ? These are
questions which will suggest themselves to
every fair-minded man. The testimony taken
before the Committee on the Conduct of the
War—and they did it, I have no donbt, to the
bestof their ability and with perfect fairness—
was taken comparatively in secret, and it was
consequently in the power of any man to blast
the reputation of the fairest officer of the Army.
If. now, that committee was organized, and in
the full possession of all the powers formerly
committed to it, and the conduct of General
Grant was brought in question before it, there
would be men enough to swear that he, too,
forgot his duty to the country and what was
demanded by the honor of the flag. He would
be assailed, as he has been assailed lately; and
yet, if he was assailed, what man with a heart
within his bosom would hesitate a moment to
say thai the assault was the result of prejudice
or of a cause worse than prejudice?
Now, sir, the honorable membertells us that
Porter did not command at the battle of Mal-
vern. How did he get the information? From
the General-in-Chief, McClellan? He rec-
ommended his being breveted as major gen-
eral because he did command at the battle of
Malvern, and because of the glorious triumph
achieved by him and his corps on that day,
and spoke of it as one of the most extraordi-
nary battles on record. Now, the honorable
member tells us that he did not command on that
field except the right wing. Mr. President,
it is bad enough for us in civil life, who labor
in our vocations to promote the honor and sub-
serve the interest of the country, to be assailed;
but when a soldier has risked his life on twenty
or more of the fields rendered glorious during
the late war, to be told in the Senate of the
United States that he ought to have been shot
is what I never expected to hear!
I have no doubt that the honorable member
has come to that conclusion ; but his mind is
rapid, and occasionally, perhaps, without his
knowing it, prejudiced. 1 may be so, too, as far
as the latter is concerned, but my mind is not
rapid. I have not been able since the war
terminated, with all the lights that its history
has afforded, to tell why a battle was lost and
why a battle was won, or how a battle that was
lost might have been won, or how a battle that
was won might have been lost. The honorable
member from Michigan has that faculty; it is in-
stinctive with him, becauseheis by nature mar-
tial. 1 am not blessed with any such admirable
faculty. I form my judgment in such matters
upon tiie judgment of others ; and I repeat that,
looking to others for the evidence upon which
my own mind is to be made up, I prefer in this
ease, as 1 should in any other like case, to rely
upon the judgment of experienced and gallant
soldiers rather than upon the judgment of the
honorable member from Michigan, whatever
may be the extent of his experience during the
last war.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I do not
wish to enter into a controversy with the Sen-
ator from Maryland, but he asks a question or
two which I am prepared to answer.
In the first place ho asks who the witnesses
were. I can tell him that they were the bravest
generals in the Army, and nearly all of them.
The men who examined them were the honor-
able President of the Senate, now in the chair,
and three or four of the ablest lawyers in the
United States, who were upon that committee,
and some perhaps not so able. At that, time
the present President of the United States,
Andrew Johnson, was a member of the com-
mittee, and was, perhaps, as prominent as any
other member in examining the witnesses. At
all times we had upon the Committee on the
Conduct of the War legal ability; and the wit-
nesses were. I believe, almost without excep-
tion, the generals and olHcers of the Army.
With regard to the battle of Malvern, we took
the testimony, as you, sir, remember, of every
general in prominent command relative to that
battle, and not one of them stated that Fitz
John Porter was in command. We examined
the lamented Hiehaidson, who was killed at
Antietam, Phil Kearney, who was killed at, the
second battle of Bull Run, .loe Hooker, who
is now in France, and all who were in promi-
nent command, and General McClellan. who
was supposed to bo in command at the battle
of Malvern, but I believe he was on a gunboat,
and was not on the field until after six o'clock
in the afternoon; but Fitz John Porter was
never represented until to-day by anybody to
be in command at the battle of Malvern Hill.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall vote for this bill
because 1 think it proper in itself. I have a
letter from Fitz Jolm Porter, which was written
in consequence of his having seen the bill, and
I send it to the desk to be read.
The Secretary read the following letter :
New York, February 20,18fiS.
Dear Sir: I am informed that there is now before
the 8enate, soon to be acted upon, a bill from the
House ot Representatives, forbidding the restoiation
to service, without reappointment and confirmation
by the Senate, of any officer dismissed from the Army
by sentence ot* a court-martial.
This bill, I understand, was introduced professedly
to prevent my restoration, not because I had allied
for it (which I have not) but lest the President, for
reasons satisfactory to him, might reinstate me.
If all the papers relating to my appeal to thePresi-
dent have been laid before the Senate on Mr. Sum-
neb's call, you hnve doubtless seen, as you said yon
would examine, that I have made no such applica-
tion as it is proposed to legislate against, but only
presented a claim for a new hearing before a mili-
tary commission of undoubted talent and integrity,
suggested by lion. Henry Wilson, and coincided
in by other honorable gentlemen.
Lest these papers may not have been before you,
and my motive may bo misconstrued, I desire to
make known to you that X asked only for an exam-
ination and report of the facts in my case under the
now lightthrown upon them by reeentdevelopments,
which report would be suggestive as to the advisa-
bility of future action m the rendition of justice and
an aid to a correct understanding of the points in-
volved both by the President and Senate. I could
not suppose any fair-minded person would oppose
such examination. In fact, the application leads to
the very course which the bill proposes to establish,
and which is, therefore, unnecessary so far as I am
concerned.
I seek, and wish to be understood as seeking, jus-
tice only in an open, straightforward,and legitimate
course, in a manner to meet the approval of those
whoso good opinion I know I deserve and desire.
I am, sir, very respectfully and truly yours,
i'lXZ JOHN PORTER.
Hon. Simon Cameron, United Stales Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. It happened that Fitz
John Porter came under my notice very early
in the war, when he was, I think, a lieutenant
of the regular Army, and he made a most favor-
able impression on me; and I employed him
in very delicate service, when the city of Wash-
ington was surrounded, and when the great
city of the Senator from Maryland was in re-
bellion, as I thought, and when it was not safe
for any Union soldier to pass through the city
of Baltimore. It was at a time when the rail-
roads refused to carry the troops of the Gov-
ernment, and when they were preparing in
Baltimore, under the guidance of their mayor
and marshal, to burn bridges and murder sol-
diers. At that time I employed Lieutenant
Porter to go to Pennsylvania ; and he rendered
very important service indeed. I looked upon
him as one of the most promising men of the
Army who came within my notice. I made
him a colonel because of his supposed ability,
in my opinion.
During the battles on the peninsula and the
battle of Antietam I was abroad; I was not
in this country, and 1 knew nothing of his
course. When I returned I was deeply pained
and greatly disappointed to find that he had
come under disgrace. It is true, 1 knew that
he had advised General Patterson to retire
from his position in Western Virginia. Patter-
son conceived the idea that Johnston had not
joined Beauregard, but was going to attack
him. lie called a council of war, as he told
me himself, and in that, council was Colonel
Porter. Potter advised him to retire from
there, and he did so, as be told me himself,
mainly on the advice of Porter. Having so
high an opinion of Porter, I asked him myself
if he gave that advice, and he said he did. He
gave, however, what he thought were good
reasons for it. My impression then was that
we lost the battle of Bull Run in consequence
of the conduct of Patterson there. 1 think if
Patterson had attacked Johnston, which I
believe he would have done if Porter had not
advised differently, he would have destroyed
Johnston ; or. at ail events. Beauregard would
have been defeated at Bull linn.
Mr. CONNESS. He would have occupied
Johnston, anyway.
Mr. CAMERON. \es, sir; Beauregard
was beaten when Johnston's troops came up.
After that occasion 1 knew nothing of Porter's
course, except that I think the history of the
war shows that Porter's troops at the battle of
Antietam were a reserve corps of some twenty
thousand men, and if they had gone inio the
battle I have always believed we should have
