1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8549
that, according to ray comprehension, existed 5
but there was a great impending party neces-
sity. It was necessary for the party to get
two thirds of both Houses. It was necessary
that they should havetwo thirdsof bothHouses
to pass bills over the veto of the President, and
to pass outrageous amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States. It was not the
necessity of the nation, of the Government,
of the system, but of the party, that forced
that enabling act through Congress at that
time. And that necessitj' forced the majority
into other acts. It forced them to expel Sen-
ator Stockton, a Senator elected in literal con-
formity to the law of his State, who was reported
in favor of by a unanimous vote of the Com-
mitteeon the Judiciary, with one solitary excep-
tion, and that was Mr. Clark.
The same necessity that called up these
infant States in their swaddling clothes, that
had not yet learned to crawl, much less to
erect themselves with the port and the strength
of manhood, and brought them as States into
the Union, with two representatives here each
in the Senate, and that required the expulsion
of Senator Stockton for the purposes of party
strength and the passage of party measures, in
derogation of the rights of the people and in
revolution of the Constitution of the United
States and its principles, may force, and will
force, Colorado sooner or later into the Union.
The approaching presidential election will cre-
ate another party necessity that will bring in
Colorado as another State to east three Rad-
ical votes. But if Colorado comes Montana
ought to come. If Montana is kept out Colo-
rado ought to be kept out; for their popula-
tions are about equal.
I propose, then, to submit an enabling act
that amounts to nothing ; it commits Congress
to nothing; it just authorizes the people to
get together and hold their election and elect
members of a convention to frame a constitu-
tion, and after they have done that work, and
presented their constitution with the numbers
for and against to the Congress of the United
States, it will be the free will, the sovereign will
and pleasure of the Congress of the United
States, to admit or to reject them. That pro-
cess would demonstrate clearly and satisfac-
torily how many people there were in Colorado,
and how many in Montana, and whether the
people wanted to come in as States or not. The
idea that when a Territory was offered a chance
to become a State, and rejected it, and rejected it
by a much larger positive vote than that which
afterward passed it, it can afterward be received
as a State under that irregular mode of pro-
ceeding, in my judgment ought not to be enter-
tained a moment. When the proper time
comes I will ask a vote on my bill, which pro-
poses an enabling act to authorize the people
both of Colorado and Montana to vote upon
the question of forming constitutions with a
view to their admission into the Union as
States. I think that it ought to pass, because
the question of numbers, and the justice and
sound policy of admitting those Territories as
States into the Union, would be better shown
by proceedings and elections under a new
enabling act than we can possibly understand
them to be now.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, it has been
asserted here with great earnestness that there
are but forty or fifty thousand people in the
Territory of Colorado, and that has been urged
as a substantial reason for uot passing this
enabling act. I have seen no evidence to jus-
tify me in coming to the conclusion that the
population is so small. It is said that the last
vote that was taken was but about nine thou-
sand; and some Senators estimate five people
to the voter, and on that data conclude there
are only forty or fifty thousand inhabitants
there. Why, sir, those of us who have been
brought up on the frontier know that there are
always a large number of people in anew com-
munity who are not eligible to vote under any
of the election laws. In the first place, there
is always a large per cent, of the people from
crther countries, foreign-born people, who can-
not vote usually until after a residence of five
years, and many of them reside in the Territory
longer than that period before they conform to
the requirements of the naturalization laws.
Then all of these new communities have local
laws requiring a residence of a longer or shorter
period of time which excludes a considerable
per cent, of their population from the right to
vote; in some instances it is six months; in
others one year; and in some even longer. So
that these facts in connection with the extent
of the Territory, justify, as it seems to me, any
one acquainted with frontier life in the belief
that the population must be much greater than
that which has been stated by the Senator [Mr.
Davis] who has just taken his seat.
It was stated here, I think by the chairman
of the Committee on Territories, that he had
an estimate made by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, in which that official
stated the population to be but little less than
one hundred thousand. I would take the judg-
ment of that officer in preference to the loose
statements of Senators here which seem to be
sustained by no evidence whatever. It is made
his duty under our laws to know the condition
of the Territories. He has un der his control the
disposition of the public lands, and now under
the recent laws, the disposition of the mines ;
and in this way he is necessitated to know
much more of the condition of the population
on the frontiers than it is probable any Sena-
tor on this floor would be likely to know. I
do not think, therefore, that the statement that
the population is small, is a sufficient reason
to justify a refusal to pass this bill.
I agree, substantially, with the remarks
made by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Howe.] It is far more important to
ascertain whether the people there are in a
condition to sustain a stable government than
to ascertain the exact number of the inhabit-
ants. If they are civilised people; if they
have local interests in the Territory that will
induce them to remain there; if they have
sufficient cultivation and intelligence to enact
just laws, and capacity to enforce them, so as
to secure the safety of life and property, and
are willing to sustain the expenses of a State
government, why should they ba -excluded ?
Senators say because the population of that
Territory is not equal to the population of
some of the older States. Why, sir, there has
never been auy rule of population adopted for
the admission of States. It has been talked
of frequently ; it has been mentioned often in
debate; but never has a rule been adopted,
either in the form of a statute or J)y custom,
requiring a given population before a com-
munity should be admitted as a State. Con-
fress has always been controlled, as I suppose,
y the reasons to which I have referred. Is
there a sufficient population within the limits
of that Territory to sustain a State govern-
ment? Are the people willing to take on them-
selves the burdens of a State government,
and thus release the United States from this
unnecessary expense? Have they the capacity
and ability to enact and enforce local laws for
the security of life, liberty, and property ? If
all these questions can be answered in the j
affirmative, then they may be admitted, if the
latter reason, disparity of populations, is not to :
be conclusive, it it is not now imperative on j
Congress to establish a uniform rule on this !
subject as a condition for the representation ,
of States in this Chamber. The Senator who i
has just taken his seat [Mr. Dayis] has ad- j
mitted that that is now impossible; that it j
was impossible in the origin of the Govern- :j
ment; that it was necessary then to establish ij
a rule which cannot now be set aside. Then,
sir, if it is impossible now to establish uni-
formity of representation, as measured by
population, in this Chamber, why plead that
as a, reason for the exclusion of the people of
Colorado.
But the Senator stated that the people in
this Territory were a floating community, weret
nomadic in their habits, and that their chief
interest was mineral. The Senator lias doubt-
less been misled by a failure t,o bring to bear
his usual industry in examining this question.
That was once supposed to be the great interest
in'Colorado, and it is a great interest now ; but
Colorado has the elements of a great agricul-
tural community. I think I risk nothing in
saying that there is more fertile agricultural
land in the Territory of Colorado than there
is in the State of Kentucky. It is true the
mode of cultivation will have to be different in
some parts of that Territory; it will be neces-
sary,perhaps, to irrigate the land; but, sir, the
Territory of Utah, where irrigation is more
absolutely necessary than it would be in Colo-
rado, where they do not labor in the mines to
any considerable extent; where the production
of metal is not a great interest; where their
interest is peculiarly and almost exclusively
agricultural, is now sustaining, as we all know,
a population of between one and two hundred
thousand. To those acquainted with the char-
acter of the country in Colorado, as are the
Commissioner of the General Laud Office and
the members of the Committee on Territories,
it is not questionable that it will become one
of the great agricultural States in this country.
Why, sir, that soil will produce to-day more
bushels of wheat per acre, perhaps, than any
land this side of the Missouri river. It will
produce as many bushels of wheat per acre as
will the fertile valleys in Indiana of corn, and
with less cultivation.
But the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
insists that this amendment proposed by the
Senator from New York [Mr. Conklixg]
ought to be adopted unless the friends of this
measure are afraid to test the question of the
acceptability of the constitution to the people.
If I should propose that the title of that Sen-
ator to a seat in this Chamber should be settled
by another election by the Legislature of In-
diana, would it be a sufficient answer, if he
should object, for me to say, " Does the Sen-
ator fear to resubmit the question, lest he might
not be elected a secoud time?" Here action
has been had on that precise question by the
people of the Territory, and decided in the
affirmative, and well they may wish not to have
their feelings trifled with. Why, sir, it is an
implication, as has been observed heretofore,
that fraud has peen perpetrated, that the elec-
tion was not a fair election, if the Senate in
this mode set it aside.
But what is the object of resubmitting the
question whether this constitution shall be
adopted or not? For the purpose, it is said,
of ascertaining whether the people of that
Territory are willing to live under this partic-
ular constitution, as if it were a law like that
of the Medes and Persians, to be unchange-
able forever. It contains within its own pro-
visions a mode for its own amendment. If
hereafter it should prove in any particular to
be unsatisfactory to the people of that State
they will be competent to change it, and in
that mode conform it to their judgment of right
and*of their interests. Never heretofore has
the admission of a State been rejected on a
reason so trivial. Why, sir, if not to the same
extent, the same reason would apply to the
application of the people of every Territory
for admission into the Union, for some time
must necessarily elapse after an election shall
be held for the adoption or rejection of the
constitution before action can be had on tho
admission of the State by the two branches of
Congress, and in these new communities the
population is constantly changing, and it is not
probable that precisely the same result, meas-
ured by the same number of votes, would be
attained at any two elections, because of such
changes.
I do not perceive, therefore, that this ob-
jection is a sufficient reason for the adoption
of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New York. Besides, I always have a
suspicion when amendments are proposed to
a bill by the enemies of the bill itself. If a
majority of the members of the Senate of the
United States are willing to pass this bill,
which is now but little more than an enabling
