APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow- Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
The continued disorganization of the Union,
to which the President has so often called the
attention of Congress, is yet a subject of pro-
found and patriotic concern. We may. how-
ever, find some relief from that anxiety in the
reflection that the painful political situation,
although before untried by ourselves, is not
new in the experience of nations. Political
science, perhaps as highly perfected in our own
time and country as in any other, has not yet
disclosed any means by which civil wars can be
absolutely prevented. An enlightened nation,
however, with a wise and beneficent Constitu-
tion of free government, may diminish their
frequency and mitigate their severity by direct-
ing all its proceedings in accordance with its
fundamental law.
When a civil war has been brought to a close,
it is manifestly the first interest and duty of the
State to repair the injuries which the war has
inflicted, and to secure the benefit of the les-
sons it teaches as fully and as speedily as pos-
sible. This duty was, upon the termination
of the rebellion, promptly accepted, not only
by the executive department, but by the in-
surrectionary States themselves, and restora-
tion, in the first moment of peace, was believed
to be as easy and certain as it was indispensa-
ble. The expectations, however, then so rea-
sonably and confidently entertained were dis-
appointed by legislation from which I felt
constrained, by my obligations to the Constitu-
tion, to withhold my assent.
It is therefore a source of profound regret
that in complying with the obligation imposed
upon the President by the Constitution, to give
to Congress, from time to time, information of
the state of the Union, I am unable to com-
municate any definitive adjustment, satisfactory
to the American people, of the questions which,
since the close of the rebellion, have agitated
the public mind. On the contrary, candor com-
pels me to declare that at this time there is no
Union, as our Fathers understood the term, and
as they meant it to be understood by us. The
Union which they established can exist only
where all the States are represented in both
Houses of Congress; where one State is as free
as another to regulate its internal concerns
according to its own will; and where the laws
of the central Government, strictly confined to
matters of national jurisdiction, apply with
equal force to all the people of every section.
That such is not the present "state of the
Union" is a melancholy fact; and we all must
acknowledge that the restoration of the States
tb their proper legal relations with the Federal
40tii Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 1.
Government, and with one another, according
to the terms of the original compact, would be
the greatest temporal blessing which God, in
His kindest providence, could bestow upon this
nation. It becomes our imperative duty to con-
sider whether or not it is impossible to effect
this most desirable consummation.
The Union and the Constitution are insepa-
rable. As long as one is obeyed by all parties
the other will be preserved, and if one is de-
stroyed, both must perish together. The de-
struction of the Constitution will be followed
by other and still greater calamities. It was
ordained not only to form a more perfect union
between the States, but to "establish justicc,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity/' Nothing but implicit obe-
dience to its requirements in all parts of the
countrywillaccomplishthesegreatends. With-
out that obedience we can look forward only
to continual outrages upon individual rights,
incessant broaches of the public peace, national
weakness, financial dishonor, the total loss of
ourprosperity, thegeneral corruption of morals,
and the final extinction of popular freedom.
To save our country from evils so appalling as
these we should renew our efforts again and
again.
To me the process of restoration seems per-
fectly plain and simple. It consists merely in
a faithful application of the Constitution and
laws. The execution of the laws is not now
obstructed or opposed by physical force.
There is no military or other necessity, real or
pretended, which can prevent obedience to
the Constitution, either North or South. All
the rights and all the obligations of States
and individuals can bo protected and enforced
by means perfectly consistent with the funda-
mental law. The courts may be everywhere
open, and, if open, their process would be
unimpeded. Crimes against the United States
can be prevented or punished by the proper
judicial authorities, in a manner entirely prac-
ticable and legal. There is therefore no reason
why the Constitution should not be obeyed,
unless those who exercise its powers have
determined that it shall be disregarded and
violated. The mere naked will of this Gov-
ernment, or of some one or more of its
branches, is the only obstacle that can exist
to a perfect union of all the States.
On this momentous question, and some of
the measures growing out of it, I have had the
misfortune to differ from Congress, and have
expressed my convictions without reserve,
though with becoming deference to the opinion
of the legislative department. Those convic-
tions are not only unchanged, but strengthened
by subsequent events and further reflection.
The transcendent importance of the subjectwill
be a sufficient excuse for calling your attention
to some of the reasons which have so strongly
influenced my own judgment. The hope that we
may all finally concur in a mode of settlement,
consistent at once with our true interests and
with our sworn duties to the Constitution, is too
natural and too just to be easily relinquished.
It is clear to my apprehension that the States
lately in rebellion are still members of the
national Union. When did they cease to be
so? The "ordinances of secession," adopted
by a portion (in most of them a very small
portion) of their citizens, were mere nullities.
] f we admit now that they were valid and effect-
ual for the purpose intended by their authors,
we sweep from under our feet the whole ground
upon which we justified the war. Were those
States afterward expelled from the Union by
the war? The direct contrary was averred by
this Government to be its purpose, and was so
understood by all those who gave their blood
and treasure to aid in its prosecution. It can-
not be that a successful war, waged for the
preservation of the Union, had the legal effect
of dissolving it. The victory of the nation's
arms was not the disgrace of her policy; the
defeat of secession on the battle-field was not
the triumph of its lawless principle. Nor could
Congress, with or without the consent of the
Executive, do anything which would have the
effect, directly or indirectly, of separating the
States from each other. To dissolve the Union
is to repeal the Constitution which holds it
together, and that is a power which does not
belong to any department of this Government,
nor to all of them united.
This is so plain that it has been acknowl-
edged by all branches of the Federal Govern-
ment. The Executive (my predecessor as well
as myself) and the heads of all the Depart-
ments have uniformly acted upon the princi-
ple that the Union is not only undissolved, but
indissoluble. Congress submitted an amend-
ment of tlio Constitution to be ratified by the
southern States, and accepted their acts of
ratification as a necessary and lawful exercise
of their highest function. If they were not
States, or were States out of the Union, their
consent to a change in the fundamental law
of the Union would have been nugatory, and
Congress, in asking it, committed a political
absurdity. The judiciary has also given the
solemn sanction of its authority to the same
view of the case. The judges of the Supreme
Court have included the southern States in
their circuits, and they are constantly, in bane
and elsewhere, exercising jurisdiction which
does not belong to them, unless those States
are States of the Union.
If the southern States are component parts
of the Union, the Constitution is the supreme
law for them, as it is for all the other States.
They are bound to obey it, and so are we. The
right of the Federal Government, which is clear
and unquestionable, to enforce the Constitu-
tion upon them, implies the" correlative obli-
gation on our part to observe its limitations
