THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
sion is bound to recognize. Other acts fall
within the picture. The officers he had ap-
pointed in defiance of law were paid also in
the same defiance. Millions of property were
turned over without consideration to railroad
companies, whose special recommendation was
their participation in the rebellion. The
Freedman's Bureau, that sacred charity of the
Republic, was despoiled of its possessions for
the sake of rebels, to whom their forfeited
estates were given back after they had been
vested by law in the United States. The pro-
ceeds of captured and abandoned property,
lodged under the law in the national Treasury,
were ravished from their place of deposit and
sacrificed, Rebels were allowed to fill the ante-
chambers of the Executive Mansion and to
enter into his counsels. The pardoning power
was prostituted, and pardons were issued in lots
to suit rebels, thus grossly abusing that trust
whose discreet exercise is so essential to the
administration of justice. The powers of the
Senate over appointments were trifled with and
disregarded, by reappointing persons who had
been already rejected, and by refusing to com-
municate the names of others appointed by
him during the recess. The veto power, con-
ferred by the Constitution as a remedy for ill-
considered legislation, was turned by him into
a weapon of offense against Congress and into
an instrument to beat down the just opposition
which his usurpation had aroused. The power
of removal, which patriot Presidents had ex-
ercised so sparingly, was seized as an engine
of tyranny and openly employed to maintain
his wicked purposes by the sacrifice of good
citizens, who would not consent to be his tools.
Incompetent and dishonest creatures, whose
only recommendation was that they echoed his
voice, were appointed to office, especially in
the collection of the Internal Revenue, through
whom a new organization, known as the
'• Whisky Ring," has been able to prevail over
the Government, and to rob the Treasury of
millions, at the cost of tax-paying citizens,
whose burdens are thus increased. Laws en-
acted by Congress for the benefit of the colored
race, including that great statute for the estab-
lishment of the Freedman's Bureau, and that
other great statute for the establishment of
civil rights, were first attacked by his veto,
and when finally passed by the requisite ma-
jority over his veto were treated by him as
little better than dead letters, while he boldly
attempted to prevent the adoption of a consti-
tutional amendment by which the right of citi-
zens and the national debt were placed under
the guarantee of irrepealable law. During
these successive assumptions, usurpations, and
tyrannies, utterly without precedent in our his-
tory, this deeply guilty man ventured upon
public speeches, each an offense to good mor-
als, where, lost to all shame, he appealed in
coarse words to the coarse passions of the
coarsest people—scattering firebrands of sedi-
tion—inflaming anew the rebel spirit—insulting
good citizens, and, with regard to office-hold-
ers, announcing in his own characteristic phrase
that he would "kick them out"—the whole 1
succession of speeches being from their brutal- I
ities and indecencies in the nature ofa "crim- j
inal exposure of his person," indictable at i
common law, for which no judgment can be too
severe ; but even this revolting transgression is
aggravated when it is considered that through
these utterances the cause of justice was im-
periled and the accursed demon of civil feud
was lashed again into vengeful fury. All these
things from beginning to end are plain facts,
already recorded in history and known to all.
And it is further recorded in history, and
known to all, that, through these enormities,
any one of which is enough for condemnation,
while all together present an aggregation of
crime, untold calamities have been broughtupon
our country; disturbing business and finance ;
diminishing the national revenues ; postponing
specie payments ; dishonoring the Declaration
of Independence in its grandest truths ; arrest-
ing the restoration of the rebel States ; reviving ji
the dying rebellion ; and instead of that peace 11
and reconciliation so much longed for, sowing
strife and wrong, whose natural fruit is vio-
lence and blood.
OPEN DEMAKCE OF CONSRESS.
For all of these or any one of them Andrew
Johnson should have been impeached and ex-
pelled from office. The case required a state-
ment only; not an argument. Unhappily this
was not done. As a petty substitute for the judg-
ment which should have been pronounced and
as a bridle on presidential tyranny in " kicking
out of office," Congress enacted a law known
as the Tenure-of-Otfice Act, passed March 2,
1867, over his veto by the vote of two thirds of
both Houses. And, in order to prepare the
way for impeachment, by removingcertain scru-
ples of technicality, its violation was expressly
declared to be a high misdemeanor. The Pres-
ident began at once to chafe under its restraint.
Recognizing the act and following its terms
he first suspended Mr. Stanton from office,
and then, on his restoration by the Senate,
made an attempt to win General Grant into a
surrender of the Department, so as-to oust Mr.
Stanton and to render the restoration by the
Senate ineffectual. Meanwhile Sberidan in
Louisiana, Pope in Alabama, and Sickles in
South Carolina, who, as military commanders,
were carrying into the pacification of these
States all the energies which had been so bril-
liantly displayed in the war, were pursued by
the same vindictive spirit. They were removed
by the President, and rebellion throughout that
whole region clapped its hands. This was done
in the exercise of his powers as Commander-
in-Chief. At last, in his unappeased rage, he
openly violated the Civil-Tenure Act, so as to
bring himself underits judgment, by the defiant
attempt to remove Mr. Stanton from the War
Department without the consent of the Senate
and the appointment of Lorenzo Thomas, Ad-
jutant General of the United States, as Secre-
tary of War ad interim.
IMPEACHMENT AT LAST.
The Grand Inquest of the nation, which
had slept on so many enormities, was awakened
by this open defiance. The gauntlet was flung
into its very Chamber, and there it lay on the
floor. The President, who had already claimed
everything for the Executive with impunity,
now rushed into conflict with Congress on the
very ground selected in advance by the latter.
The field was narrow, but sufficient. There
was but one thing for the House of Represent-
atives to do. Andrew Johnson must be im-
peached, or the Tenure-of-Office Act would
become a dead letter, while his tyranny would
receive a letter of license, and impeachment
as a remedy for wrong-doing would bo blotted
from the Constitution.
Accordingly it was resolved that the offender,
whose crimes had so long escaped judgment,
should be impeached. Once entered upon this
work, the House of Representatives, after
setting forth the removal of Mr. Stanton and
the appointment of General Thomas in viola-
tion of the law and Constitution, proceeded
further to charge him in different forms with
conspiracy wrongfully to get possession of the
War Department; also with an attempt to cor-
rupt General Emory and induce him to violate
an act of Congress; also with scandalous
speeches, such as no President could be justi-
fied in making; concluding with a general
article setting forth attempts on his part to
prevent the execution of certain acts of Con-
gress.
Such is a simple narrative, which brings us
to the Articles of impeachment. Nothing that
I have said thus far is superfluous ; for it shows
the origin of this proceeding, and illustrates
its moving cause. The articles themselves
are narrow if not technical. But they are filled
and broadened by the transgressions of the
past, all of which enter into the present
offenses. The whole is an unbroken series
with a common life. As well separate the
Siamese twins as separate the offenses now
charged from that succession of antecedent j
crimes with which they are linked, any one of j
which is enough for judgment. The present
springs from the past and can be trtfly seen
only in its light, which in this case is nothing
less than " darkness visible." ' -
ARTICLES OP IMPEACHMENT.
In entering upon the discussion of the arti-
cles of impeachment, I confess my regret that
so great.-a cause, on which so much depends,
should be presented on such narrow ground,
although I cannot doubt that the whole past
must be taken into consideration in determin-
ing the character of the acts alleged. If there
has been a violation of the Constitution and
laws, the apologists of the President then in-
sist that all was done with good intentions. In
reply to this it is enough if we point to the
past, which thus becomes a part of the case.
But of this hereafter. It is unnecessary for me
to take time in setting forth the articles. The
abstract already presented is enough. They
will naturally come,under review before the
close of the inquiry.
Of the transactions embraced by the articles,
the removal of Mr. Stanton has unquestionably
attracted the most attention, although I cannot
doubt that the scandalous harangues are as
justly worthy of condemnation. But the former
has been made the pivot of this impeachment.
So much so that the whole case seems to re-
volve on this transaction. Therefore, I shall
not err, if, following the articles, I put this
foremost in the present inquiry.
This transaction may be brought to the touch-
stone of the Constitution, and also of the ten-
ure-of-office act. But since the allegation of
a violation of this act has been so conspicuous,
and this act may be regarded as a congressional
interpretation of the power of removals under
the Constitution, I begin with the considera-
tion of the questions arising under it.
TENURE-OF-OFFICE ACT.
The general object of the tenure-of-office act
was to protect civil officers from removal with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate; and
it was made in express terms applicable to
" every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate." To this provision,
so broad in its character, was appended a pro-
viso as follows:
"Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of tho
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney General
shall hold their offices respectively forand during the
term of the President by whom they may have been
appointed and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with tho advice and consent of the
Senate."
As this general protection from removal with-
out the advice ana consent of the Senate might
be productive of embarrassment during the re-
cess of the Senate it was further provided, in a
second section, that during such recess any
person may be suspended from office by the
President on reasons assigned, which it is made
his duty to report to the Senate within twenty
days after the next meeting of the Senate, and
if the Senate concurs, then the President may
remove the officer and appoint a successor;
but if the Senate does not concur then the
suspended officer shall forthwith resume his
functions.
On this statute two questions arise, first as
to its constitutionality, and secondly, as to its
application to Mr. Stanton, so as to protect
him from removal without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. It is impossible not to
confess in advance that both have been already
practically settled. The statute was passed
over the veto of the President by a vote of two
thirds, who thus solemnly united in declaring
its constitutionality. Then came the suspen-
sion of Mr. Stanton, and his restoration to office
by a triumphant vote of the Senate, being no
less than thirty five to six, thus establishing
not only the constitutionality of the statute, but
also its protecting application to Mr. Stanton.
And then came the resolution of the Senate,
adopted after protracted debate on the 21st
February, by a vote of twenty-seven to six, de-
claring, that under the Constitution and laws
of the United States the Presidenthas no, po.wer
