' SUPPLEMENT TO
tg,|£ra<?v.e the Secretary of Wai'aijct to d'esig-
other afi^cer to perform- the duties of
tlia¥"office ad interim; thu.s, for tho third time
affirming the constitutionality of the statute,
and for the 'second* time, its protecting appli-
cation to Mr. Stanton. There is no instance
in oiir liistttfy where there has'been such a
sucfeesisian* of vote's, with such large majorities',
declaring' the' conclusions of the' Senate and
fixing' them .beyond recall. J'Thrice is he
armed ~wlio hath his quarrel just;" but the
temire-of-offiee act is armed thrice by the votes
of the Senate. The apologists of the President
seem to.say of these solemn votes, "Thrice
the britidedcathatli mewedbut such a three-
fold record of the Senate cannot be' treated
with- levity.
The question of the constitutionality of this
statute complicates itsel? with the power of
removal under the Constitution; but I shall
not consider the latter question at this stage.
It will naturally present itself when we con-
sider the power of removal under the Consti-
tution which has been claimed by the Presi-
dent. For the present 1 assume the constitu-
tionality of the statute.
ITS APPLICATION TO MB. STAXTON.
I come at once to the question of the appli-
cation of tho statute to Mr. Stanton, so as to
protect him against removal without the con-
sent of the Senate. And here I doubt if any
question would have arisen, but for the hasty
words of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] so often quoted in this proceeding.
Unquestionably the Senator from Ohio, when
the report of the conference committee of the
two Blouses was under discussion, stated that
the statute did not protect Mr. Stanton in his
office; but this was tho individual opinion of
this Senator, and nothing more. On hearing it
I cried from my seat, "The Senator must speak
for himself;" for 1 held the opposite opinion.
It was clear to my mind that the statute was
intended to protect Mr. Stanton, and that it
did protect him. The Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Williams,] who was the chairman oi the
conference committee and conducted its delib-
erations, informs us that there was no sugges-
tion in the committee that the«statute did not
protect all of the President's Cabinet, includ-
ing, of course, Mr. Stanton. The debates in the
House of llepresentatives are the same way.
Withoutundertaking to hold the scales in which
to weigh any such conflicting opinions, 1 rest
on the received rule of law that they cannot be
taken into account in determining the meaning
of the statute. And here 1 quote the judgment
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
pronounced by Chief Justice Taney:
"In expounding this taw, the judgment of the court
cannot in unit det/iye be uijlue.nced by the eontiti-uctioii
jil'X' cd upon it by indinktwtl uteiiibersof Contti 0.9-9 in the
debute irhick tank place on ifx jmimrie, nor by the mo-
tives or reasons aligned by them lor supporting or
opposing amendments that wete ottered. Tho law
that pinned is the will of the majority oi both Houses
and the only mode in which th;it will 13 spoken is in
the act itself; and wo mu-t gather their intention
from tho language thero used, comparing it, when
any ambiguity exists, with the laws upon the same
subject, and looking, if necessary, to the public history
of the timet in which it umi liutwed.—AhlruLgc vs. H'</-
luvn.1, 3 Howard's Heps., -i.
It is obvious to all acquainted \filh a legis-
lative body that the rule thus authoritatively
declared is the only one that could be safely
applied. The Senate in construing the present
statute must follow this rule. Therefore, t
repair to the statute, stopping for a moment
to glance at tho public history of the times, in
order to understand its object.
Already we have seen how the President, in
carrying forward his usurpation in the interest
of the Rebellion, had trifled with tlie Senate in
regard to appointments, and abused the tra-
ditional power of removal, openly threatening
good citizens in office that he would "kick
them out," and filling all vacancies, from high
to low, with creatures whose first promise was
to sustain his barbarous policy. I do not stop
to portray the extent of this outrage, consti-
tuting an impeachable offense according to the
declared opinion of Mr. Madison, one of the
strongest advocates of the presidential power
of removal. Congress, instead of adopting the
remedy Suggested by this father of the Constitu-
tion and expelling the President by process of
impeachment, attempted to wrest from him the
power he was abusing. For this purpose the
Tenure-of-OfBce Act was passed. It was deemed
advisable to include the Cabinet officers within
its protection; but, considering the intimate
relations between them and the President, 'tt
proviso was appended securing to the latter
the right of choosing them in the first instance.
Its object was, where the President finds him-
self, on accession to office, confronted by a
hostile Senate to secure to him this right of
choice, without obliging him to keep the Cabi-
net of his predecessor; and accordingly it says
to him, " Choose your own Cabinet, but expect
to abide by your choice, unless you can obtain
the consent of the Senate to a change."
Any other conclusion is flat absurdity. It
begins by misconstruing the operative words
of the proviso, that the Cabinet officers "shall
hold their offices respectively for and during
the term of the President by whom they are
appointed." On its face there is no ambiguity
here. It is only by going outside that any can
be found, and this disappears on a brief in-
quiry. At the date of the statute Andrew
Johnson had been in ofliee two years. Some
of his Cabinet were originally appointed by
President Lincoln ; others had been formally
appointed by himself. But allwerethereeqvally
by his approval and consent. One may do an
act himself, or make it his own by ratifying it
when done by another. In law it is equally his
act. Andrew Johnson did not originally ap-
point Mr. Stanton, Mr. Seward, or Mr. Welles,
but he adopted their appointments, so that at
the passage of the statute they stood on the
same footing as if originally appointed by him.
Practically and in the sense of the statute, ihey
were appointed by him. They were a Cabinet
of his own choice, just as much as the Cabinet
of his successor, duly appointed, will be of
his own choice. If the statute compels the lat-
ter, as it clearly does, to abide by his choice, it
is unreasonable to suppose that it is not equally
obligatory on Andrew Johnson. Otherwise we
find a special immunity for that President whose
misconduct rendered it necessary, and Cou-
gre.ss is exhibited as legislating for some future
unknown President, and not for Andrew John-
son, already too well known.
Liven the presidential apologists do not ques-
tion that the members of tho Cabinet, commis-
sioned by Andrew Johnson are protected by
the statute. How grossly unreasonable to sup-
pose that Congress intended to make such a
distinction among his Cabinet as to protect
those whose support of his usurpation had
gained them seats which they enjoyed, while
it exposed to his caprice a great citizen, whose
faithful services during the war had won tho
gratitude of his country, whose continuance in
office was regarded as au assurance of Public
Safety, and whose attempted removal has been
felt as a national calamity. Clearly, then, it,
was the intention of the statute to protect the
whole Cabinet, whether originally appointed by
Andrew Johnson or originally appointed by his
predecessor and continued by him.
I have 110 hesitation in saying that no other
conclusion is possible without doing violence
to the statute. I cannot forget that, while we
are permitted "to open the law on doubts,"
wo are solemnly warned " not, to open doubts
011 the law." It is Lord Bacon who gives us
this rule, whose obvious meaning is, that where
doubts do not exist the) should not be invented.
It is only by this forbidden course that any
question can be raised. If we look at the stat-
ute in its simplicity, its twofold object is appar-
ent; first, to prohibit removals ; and, secondly,
to limit certain terms of service. The pro-
hibition to remove plainly <tppli.es to all. The
limitation of service applies only to members
of ihe Cabinet. I agree with the excellent Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Kaiii.ax] that this analysis
removes all ambiguity. The pretension that,
any one of the Cabinet was left to the unchecked
power of the President is irreconcilable with
the concluding words of the proviso, which
declares that they shall "be subject to removal
by and with the advioo and consent of the Sen-
ate;" thus expressly excluding the prerogative
of the President.
Let us push this inquiry still further by look-
ing more particularly at the statute, reduced to
a skeleton, so that we may see its bones. It is
as follows:
(1.) Every person holding any civil office, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall be entitled to hold such office until a suc-
cessor is appointed.
(2.) If members of the Cabinet, then during
the term of the President by whom they may
have been appointed and one month thereafter,
unless sooner removed by consent of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. Stanton obviously falls within the gen-
eral class, "every person holding any civil
office;" and he is entitled to the full benefit
of the provision for their benefit.
As obviously he falls within the sub-class,
" members of the Cabinet."
In this latter class his rights are equally clear.
It is in the discussions under this head that the
ingenuity of lawyers has found the amplest
play, mainly turning upon what is meant by
"term" in the statute. I glance for a moment
at. some of these theories.
(1.) One pretension is that the "term" ex-
pired with the life of President Lincoln, so that
Mr. Stanton is retroactively legislated out of
office on the 15th May, 1865. As this is a penal
statute this construction makes it ex post facto,
and therefore unconstitutional. It also makes
Congress enact this absurdity that Mr. Stanton
had for two years been holding office illegally,
whereas he had been holding under the clearest
legal title, which could 110 more be altered by
legislation than black could be made white. A
construction which makes the statute at once
unconstitutional and absurd must be rejected.
(2.) The quibble that would exclude Mr.
Stanton from the protection of the statute,
because he was appointed during the first
"term" of President Lincoln, and the statute
does not speak of "terms," is hardly worthy
of notice. It leads to the same absurd results
as follow from the first supposition, enhanced
by increasing the retroactive effect.
(S.) Assuming that the statute does not term-
inate Mr. Stanton's right a month after Presi-
dent Lincoln's death, it is insisted that it must
take effect at the earliest possible moment, and
therefore 011 its passage. Prom this it follows
that Mr. Stanton lias been illegally in office
since the 2d March, 1807, and that both he and
the President have been guilty of a violation
of law, the former in exercising the duties of
an office to which he had no right, and the
latter for appointing him, or continuing him, in
otlice, without the consent of the Senate, in vio-
lation of the Constitution and the statute in
question. Here is another absurdity to be
rejected.
(4.) Assuming, as it is easy to do, that it is
President Lincoln's "term" we have the better
theory, that it did not expire with his life, but
continues until the 4th March, 1869, in which
event Mr. Stanton is clearly entitled to hold
until a month thereafter. This construction is
entirely reasonable and in harmony with the
Constitution and legislation under it. I con-
fess that it is one to which I have often inclined.
This brings me back to the construe! ion with
which I began, and I find Andrew Johnson is
the President who appointed Mr. Stanton. To
make this simple, it is only necessary to read
"chosen" for "appointed" in the statute, or,
if you please, consider the continuance of Mr.
Stanton in office, with the concurrence of the
President, as a practical appointment equiva-
lent thereto. Clearly Mr. Stanton was in olhce
when the statute passed from the "choice" of
the President. Otherwise he would have been
removed. His continuance was like another
commission. This earries out the intehtion ot
the framers of the statute, violates 110 sound
canon of construction, and is entirely reason-
able in every respect. Or, if preferred, we
