118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
they would at once have secured a recognition
ot their quasi rebel State organizations, set up !
by the usurpations of the acting President, and -
thus have obtained full representation in both j
Houses of Congress, with the rebel element in
control of their State governments and the loyal
white and black men of the South would have
been under their feet. This accomplished, by
again joining hands with their northern allies
they would have taken possession of the national
Government in 18C8. No man was more
thankful than I that they rejected our proposi-
tions. Only by their rejection of that proposed
amendment were we saved from a doom as cer-
tain as the coining of November, 18C8.
I want the national Constitution to be the
shield of every citizen, so that when a man
truthfully declares, "lam an American citi-
zen," it shall command the respect of the world.
I want the supreme sovereignty of the nation
to secure to every citizen the self-protecting
power of the ballot, so that no State may de-
prive him of this grandest prerogative of Amer-
ican citizenship ; so that a mere change of res- 1
ideuce from one State to another may not ope- !
rate practically as a removal to a foreign land. 1
Mr. Speaker, the need of the nation is vecon- ;
struction on a basis which shall be honorable !
and enduring; a reconstruction which shall
not be temporary, but fundamental. We have
had tinkering amendments enough proposed to
the Constitution, and all admit that our sev-
eral reconstruction acts have been at best but
patchwork. What wo need is a constitutional
amendment, demanded alike by our convic-
tions and necessities; an amendment which
shall confer and guaranty the ballot. Anything
short of this is a delusion and a snare.
With a magnanimity unexpected by our late
enemies, and never equaled in human history,
we have exempted from punishments and from ;
confiscations the great body of those who were 1
engaged in the late rebellion. We have by all :
our official acts shown a readiness to forgive
the past and bury in a common grave the vin-
dictive feelings begotten by the war. Without
yielding any of the great purposes for which
wo sacriliced so much in life and treasure we
nevertheless have always been ready to ex-
tend a hand to all who would swear anew their
fidelity to the old flag and the Government
of Washington. We have stood day and night
at the door to welcome back to the old man-
sion the repentant and the erring. When Ten-
nessee returned all will remember the words
of joy and gladness which arose from heart and
lips as the Congress of the nation welcomed
her back. So shall it be with every repent-
ant citizen and State. Having overthrown
their confederate national and rebel State
governments, and made millions of slaves cit-
izens, it is our duty as statesmen legislating for
the present and the future to conform our
national Constitution to our new condition as
a nation, so that with those who were but
recently our enemies in war we may become
one people under a Constitution based on the
convictions, the experiences, the necessities,
and the aspirations common to all who are
truly American.
With this object in view I have introduced
this joint resolution, and hope Congress at this
session may submit it to the States for their
ratification. If not this proposition, then some
proposition securing citizen suffrage.
My purpose is to secure to every citizen born
in this country or naturalized in pursuance
of its laws the high privilege of the American
ballot. I desire this, not only as a means of
self-protection to the citizen, but to secure a
national recognition in the Constitution of the
fundamental principles upon which our Gov-
ernment was organized, which is that "ali
men are created equal" akd "that all Gov- |j
ernments derive their just powers from the |j
consent of the governed." I am confident "
that a full recognition of this idea will give the ,
nation peace, stability, security, power, and |
national unity and national glory. >'
This provision would not secure the ballot to I,
barbarians, to uncivilized Indians or Indians il
I while in the tribal relation, nor to persons non
compos, but to all citizens "not disqualified,"
as John Stewart Mill expresses it, liby their
| own default." Treason or felony ought to be
a disqualification in every civilized State to the
exercise of the privilege of an elector, at least
for a number of years after the commission of
the crime. I have therefore declared that
those who commit treason or felony may be
disfranchised, but provided that Congress may
at any time by a two-thirds vote relieve them
from such disability.
The ballot securcd, it is no less the duty of
the Government to see that the will of the citi-
zen is not nullified by fraud. The shameless
manner in which frauds are now perpetrated
and with comparative impunity in almost every
State of the Union, and the will of the majority
often defeated, is a disgrace which ought not
longer to be tolerated. To aid in protecting
the honest citizen I have provided that each
State shall annually cause a registration to be
made of all electors within its jurisdiction. A
careful examination of criminal statistics "will
show that nineteen twentieths of all the fraud-
ulent voting in this country is perpetrated by
men who cannot read their ballots, while it is
well known that not one in fifty of all who are
guilty of fraudulent voting are ever arrested or
convicted.
Recognizing the truth of the declaration
that '' there can be no safety for a republic
except in the intelligence, virtue, and alle-
giance of its citizens," I have provided that
every child shall be secured in its right to attend
school until it acquires the rudiments of an
education in the language of the country. I
have substituted this clause in place of the one
providing an educational test, as affording a
better promise than we now have for securing
in the future a population homogeneous, intel-
ligent, and loyal. Only with such a population
can our Government have safety and stability.
The educational test clause is objected to,
because it is claimed that the mere fact that
an elector can read and write in the language
of the country, or in the language of any civil-
ized nation, will not of itself qualify liim to
vote. Admit all this, and more, and it proves
nothing. All will concede that as a rule those
who read and write comprise ninety-nine hun-
dredths of the intelligent among every civilized
people. All men who are unable to read and
write I admit are not necessarily so ignorant
as to be disqualified for the ballot, while some
who can read and write are fearfully ignorant.
The admitted rule, however, is universal that
civilization and education are inseparable.
Reading and writing, therefore, in the lan-
guage of any of the admitted civilized nations
which are in use in this country, might be made
a qualification for the privilege of the ballot
without hardship and without injustice. In-
deed, it seems to me that the great body of
thoughtful men in this country will admit that
if the Government went further and required
all native-born citizens becoming of age after
a given period, say after 1876, to read and write
our language as a qualification to vote, it would
be both prudent and just. This would disfran-
chise no one who is now a voter, however igno-
rant, and only those now under thirteen years
of age would be affected by it.
It mnst be conceded, in view of all that has
transpired in the political history of this coun-
try, that we have been remarkably liberal in
the bestowal of American citizenship.
When it is remembered that citizenship, as
we of the Republican party contend, makes
the person on whom it is conferred a member
of this great nation, that the privilege of fran-
chise, which we contend ought also to be con-
ferred and guarantied with citizenship, consti-
tutes him the equal of the native born citizen;
that it gives him a power and a dignity such as
110 other nation can confer; that with this citi-
zenship, he has rights and duties, privileges
and immunities, which cannot be taken awuv,
" except by his own defaultwhen all this "is
remembered it seems to me that no fair-minded
man could object to establishing in the future
a standard for suffrage which all will admit
would be for the benefit of all, a standard
attainable by all except the uncivilized or
idiotic and insane; a standard simply requiring
each elector to read the ballot he proposes to
vote, and which would exclude no one of any
i race or nationality except for the commission
1 of crime.
! Certainly that Government would be regarded
'! ns wise and liberal in its bestowal of citizen-
ship and the privileges of the ballot which pro-
vided that aliens from a civilized State be-
coming citizens should enjoy all the rights and
privileges pertaining to native born citizens,
including the privileges of the ballot, on the
1 simple condition that they read and write the
language of the country of their adoption. If,
therefore, we should at anytime hereafter pro-
scribe for aliens becoming citizcns the same
! standard which we prescribed for native born
citizens as a condition to the privilege of the
ballot, there could be no charge of partiality or
\ injustice.
j But, Mr. Speaker, I am satisfied that a
[ majority of the liberal men of the country (a
| class from whom I do not propose to separate)
deem it inexpedient or impracticable at pres-
1 ent to require an educational test as a condi-
tion to the privileges of the ballot. All will
unite, however, in demanding that the national
Constitution shall contain a provision making
it obligatory on every State to provide and
• maintain in active operation the best of public
schools at the expense of the State, from which
no child of the Republic shall be excluded.
The number of voters in this country who
cannot read and write our language, or indeed
any language, is frightfully large, and is increas-
ing. In the absence of an educational test as
a qualification for suffrage we must have com-
pulsory education at the public expense or
there is danger ahead. We are now carrying
more dead weight in the shape of ignorance
than we care to admit. Our national safety
demands other and additional security. Civili-
zation has the right to protect itself against
barbarism. Ignorance is the handmaid of
barbarism, and barbarism in control of the
ballot-box will imperil the nation's life.
Sir, I would as soon think of trusting a mad-
man with a lighted torch in a powder magazine
and expect safety and security to all around it
as to intrust the destiny of a free Government
like ours to the control of a people without
education and beyond the reach of the civil-
izing influences of a Christian civilization.
No man can overstate the inestimable value
of education. I am confident that without the
maintenance of free public schools in this coun-
try the people could not long be secure in civil
or religious liberty. Knowledge is power, and
every man of experience recognizes the fact
that knowledge gives increased stability to
popular government and greater security to
life, liberty, and property. Let the people be
properly educated, and they may safely be in-
trusted with the administration of government
and the control of all material and moral ques-
tions which affect the interests of mankind.
Mr. Speaker, I do not claim that none but
the highly educated should vote and rule the
State. I know something of the self-protect-
ing power and educational influence of the
ballot. I understand something of the way in
which the thoughts of men are quickened,
broadened, and carried beyond the mere con-
templation of their own private interests to the
higher interests of the State by the frequent
use of the ballot. I know, too, that it compels
men who are seeking to influence or secure the
votes of electors to aid in educating them by
public discussions and the frequent distribu-
tion of printed matter in support of their ideas.
Thus a thousand channels of thought are quick-
ened that but for this necessity would lie dor-
mant, and the mind of the voter, when forced
into conflict with ideas, sudiTis must be pre-
sented to carry conviction, becomes broader
and more comprehensive.
As I would not willingly surrender my priv-
ilege of voting, so I would not withhold that
