1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
great privilege from any one guiltless of crime
who is qualified for the discharge of the ordinary
duties of life. The ballot in the hands of
intelligent men is powerful for good. In the
hands of ignorant, depraved, and criminal
men it is powerful for evil, and society has the
right to protect itself.
I would withhold the ballot from no citizen ,
of mature years, black -or white, native or
foreign born, without good cause. I plead for
the equal rights of all before the law. I ask the
ballot for all (except such as are non compos)
who are not disqualified by their own default.
I know the ballot is the poor man's buck-
ler and shield. I know that it insures him pro-
tection and justice; that it gives him dignity
and power, and makes the Government his
ngent and protector instead of his master and ,
oppressor. i
Mr. Speaker, I hope the time has come when
all Republicans will agree that there shall be
an end to temporizing. The nation has been
divided and distracted long enough by our half-
way measures. Instead of compromising or
retreating because of our recent so-called
reverses, I am for making an advanced move-
ment npon the enemy. To retreat is impossi-
ble without dishonor. To encamp upon our
late battle-field and attempt to remain there by
entrenching is certain defeat. An advanced
movement is our only hope. If after a manly
battle we should fail it would not be as disas-
trous to us as a party or to the nation as a
dishonorable surrender now. But if we are
faithful and true to the rights of citizens and
the- material interests of the nation we cannot
fail. Better, far better, that every so-called Re-
publican who, for the sake of temporary success
in our coining national struggle, contemplates
lowering the Republican banner, on which is
inscribed "Liberty, Equality, Justice," should
go over and join tne enemy at once than that,
as a party, we should listen to the unmanly
suggestion proposing such a surrender.
Sir, if, after all the loyal white and black men
of the South have done for this nation during
the late rebellion, the Republican party should
now abandon them, I must abandon it. I be-
lieve we ought not to triumph if we prove false
to our principles. I believe we shall triumph
if we have fidelity and roan^f courage.
The vital, all-important question of citizen-
ship suffrage must be met and settled. No
question of finance, of tariff, or taxation, nor
even of impeachment, if that should, after what
has transpired, ever become possible, must be
permitted to supersede this. He who is a cit-
izen of the nation, if qualified for the ordinary
duties of civilized life, and guiltless of crime,
must have the franchise conferred and its priv-
ileges guarantied in every State. I have no
hope of securing this except by an amendment
to the national Constitution. Let this be done
with promptness, and the States now being
reorganized relieved from the provision of law
which requires them to adopt the amendment
to the Constitution submitted by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and they will adopt with accla-
mation sucn a proposition as I have submitted,
and a sufficient number of States now repre-
sented in Congress would ratify it to make it
part of the national Constitution. This accom-
plished, and reconstruction on the basis of lib-
erty and justice will have been secured, and
peace and national prosperity will bless the
land and all its inhabitants.
One observation more, Mr. Speaker, and I
will detain the House no longer.
In his recent message the acting President
assumes that, if the late rebel States could not
lawfully act upon the amendment submitted by
the Thirty-Eighth Congress, proposing the abo-
lition of slavery throughout the United States,
that "Congress committed a political absurd-
ity '' in submitting that amendment to them for
their ratification.
Sir, Congress was guilty of no such absurd-
ity. It was the unauthorized assumption of
the acting President which sent the proposed
amendment to the quasi rebel State govern-
ments, created by his will, and in conformity
with proclamations issued by himself in viola-
tion of law. Sir, I agree that the ratification
of that amendment by the late illegal State gov-
ernments of the South, organized by the usurp-
ations of the acting President, is of no validity.
I hold that their ratification of that amend-
ment was not necessary to make it part of the
national Constitution.
The States which during the war maintained
their fidelity to the Constitution and the Union
constituted the nation, and a ratification by
three fourths of those States of that amfllid-
ment made it part of the Constitution.
The unwarranted "assumption" of the;
acting President in demanding the ratification
of that amendment by the illegal State gov-
ernments which he had organized, and Mr.
Seward's "assumption" in issuing a procla-
mation declaring the amendment ratified by
the votes of said rebel States, undoubtedly ;
could not give validity to that amendment
after Congress had declared that the govern-
ments in said States were illegal and uncon-
stitutional governments.
Sir, Congress neither authorized the acting
President nor his prime minister to do any ,
such act. To prevent the validity of that amend- j
ment ever being questioned it will be necessary, \
as soon as constitutional State governments are
organized under our reconstruction acts, for
the first Legislature which meets in each, after
the recognition by Congress of their reorgan-
ized State governments, to ratify and adopt the
amendment submitted by the Thirty-Eighth
Congress proposing the abolition of slavery
throughout the United States. This is the
shortest and safest way to settle for all time to
come the validity of that amendment, and save
those who come after us the necessity of an-
swering such sophistry as was employed by
the writer of the recent message.
I now withdraw the motion to reconsider.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, (at four
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Mrs.
Sophronia Phelps, for a* pension.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of R. E. Fin-
nell, of Frankfort, Kentucky, for pay for rais-
ing troops, &c.
Also, the petition of Colonel Sanders D.
Bruce, late of the twentieth Kentucky volun-
teer infantry, for arrears of pay which accrued
before muster into United States service.
By Mr. BURR: The petition of the county
court of the county of Macoupin, State of Illi-
nois, for privilege of importing iron and other
material for a public building free of duty.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of offi-
cers and soldiers who have suffered amputa-
tion, asking for legislation to provide for fur-
nishing them artificial limbs at stated periods.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of Lieu-
tenant B. R. Wallace, late of the twentieth
Kentucky volunteer infantry, for pay as second
lieutenant prior to muster into United States
service.
By Mr. GROVER: The petition of James
H. Bunn, for services on board of United
States transport, where he lost a leg from a shot
from the enemy.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of the
owners and operatives of the Kennebeck Mills,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for the
repeal of the internal taxes on cotton and all
kinds of textile fabrics.
Also, the petition of the owners and opera-
tives of the Ringgold Mills, Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania.
Also, the petition of the owners and opera-
tives of the Glenriddle Mills, Delaware county,
Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of the owners and opera-
tives of the Kelleyville Mills, Delaware county,
Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of the owners and opera-
tives of the Coaquannock Mills, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of the owners and opera-
tives of the arwick Mills, Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of George
Williamson for remission of certain duties on
iron.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 11, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state that the
Secretary calls my attention to the fact that a
joint resolution reported by me yesterday is
really lying on the table, it having been re-
ported at the close of the last session. I there-
fore move that the Journal be corrected by
striking out that entry. The joint resolution
is before us, and I shall call it up in the course
of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, no objection being made.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 143)
to change the name of Samuel Chase Barney,
jr., to that of Samuel Chase De Krafft, with
amendments, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 91) concern-
ing certain lands granted to railroad companies
in the States of Michigan and Wisconsin;
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 99) to allow
members of Congress to inspect papers in the
Post Office Department; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 119) to author-
ize the Postmaster General to print five hun-
dred extra copies of his report and accom-
panying documents.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution that
when the two Houses adjourn on Friday, the
20th instant, the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House of Representatives shall
declare their respective Houses adjourned until
the 6th of January.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from D. H. Rucker, acting
quartermaster general, transmitting a general
order, published by authority, which contains
the names of soldiers interred in cemeteries
of the States of New York, Virginia, Illinois,
Missouri, and the Territories of Utah and
Colorado; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will present to the Senate a petition signed by
abouteight hundred citizens living roundabout
Grand Traverse, Michigan, complaining that
there are many defects in what is called tho
homestead law; that it operates greatly to the
disadvantage of settlers on the public lands
under that law, and earnestly praying that it
may be so corrected in the particulars suggested
by them as to remove those defects. This peti-
tion will be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, if there be no objection.
It was so referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has also received the proceedings of a large
meeting held in Fpneuil Hall, Boston, Decem-
ber 7, 1867, consisting of more than six thou-
sand citizens, in which they complain at great
length of the treatment they receive as adopted
citizens in England, saying that they are de-
prived of their rights in many particulars, and
setting them forth at great length in a pream-
ble and resolutions too numerous and too long
