1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8551
people are anxious for admission into the
Union, I feel confident that they will readily
adopt the constitution ; and believing, as I do,
that their population is much larger than it is
represented to be in this Chamber, I am anx-
ious that they should have an opportunity to
be admitted, and for that reason I shall not
oppose the amendment.
As bearing upon two important points in
this case, that of population and that of the
capacity of this Territory to support a State
govern ment, I beg leave to read a passage from
the last report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, made to the Secretary of the
Interior. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office is the gentleman whose capacity
and industry was so largely commented upon
in this Chamber yesterday. In his report he
says!
"The elements of an agricultural character are as
yet variously reported, but unquestioned facts rep-
resent enormous yields of cereals from imperfect
agricultural enterprise. Sixty bushels of wheat to
tho acre is a crop well attested in several localities.
The mineral wealth of the country is enormous; the
yield of gold in 1862 was reported at $12,000,000. Sil-
ver has been mined on Snake river which produces
$600 per ton. Large tracts of bituminous coal are
also reported. Tho population in 1860 was thirty-
four thousand two hundred and twenty-seven; in
1803 it was eighty thousand; tho present population
i's a matter of conflicting estimates. It is probably
near one hundred thousand. The immigration is
rapid. The completion of the Pacific railroad will
soon enable it to reach astill higher aggregate. Den-
ver City, Central City. Colorado City, and Nevada
City are the principal towns. The public lands undis-
posed of in Colorado are over sixty-two million
eight hundred and fifty thousand acres."
Turning now to the report of the surveyor
general, the local officer in that Territory, I
read as follows:
"My predecessor in his last report estimated the
number of acres of land capable of cultivation in
the Territory at four million acres."
I call the attention of the Senator from Ken-
tucky to that fact.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire tell me how many mil-
lion acres of land there are in all in the Terri-
tory ?
Mr. CRAGIN. About one hundred and
five thousand square miles.
Mr. DAVIS. Then there are about one
hundred times as many acres of land in all as
there are acres of arable land?
Mr. CRAGIN. Of course it is well under-
stoed that this Territory is largely mountain-
ous ; but I am speaking about its agricultural
resources. The surveyor general says:
"My predecessor in his last report estimated the
number of acres of landcapableof cultivation in tho
Territory at four million acres. It is a fact that all
the land that can be irrigated is susceptible of culti-
vation, and produces well. Tho mountain streams
fall very rapidly, and thus can be carried by irrigat-
ing ditches to coverimmense quantities of land, and
I am led to believe that at least ten million acres of
land can be cultivated. The crops last year were
good. It was the first year, I am told, that sufficient
produce had been raised to supply the demands of
the Territory."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does he give the number
of bushels of wheat and corn raised?
Mr. CRAGIN. I think not. He continues:
" Thepresent year {arming is being carried on with
success, the grasshoppers, the groatdread of tbe farm-
er, having done but little damage to the crops. Wheat,
oats, barley, corn, potatoes, all look well and
promise an abundant yield, and I predict that it will
be but a few years until this Territory will produce
more than enough to supply her wants."
I propose to ijefer to two other points as
showing the population of this Territory. As
I stated the other day, in speaking on this
question, in 1864, when the enabling act passed,
authorizing this Territory to form a State gov-
ernment, the receipts of the Post Office De-
partment for postage in that Territory were
$16,000. The receipts in 1867 were over
thirty-two thousand dollars, more than double
what they were in 1864. I adduce these figures
as evidence of an increase of population.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was the Army there last
year?
Mr. CRAGIN. No, sir. I refer, also, to
the receipts of internal revenue. In 1864, at
the time the enabling act was passed, the whole
amount of internal revenue collected in this
Territory was $41,781 05. In 1867, last year,
the amount of internal revenue tax collected
from this Territory was $151,686, being more
than five times what it was at' the time of the
passage of the enabling act. This also goes to
show a large increase of population.
I desire to say to the Senator from Kentucky,
who has been telling us that Montana has a
population equal to Colorado, that the evidence
is the other way. So far as the receipts from
postage and the receipts from internal revenue
are concerned they are not one fifth as great
as those derived from the Territory of Colorado.
I wish to make this point again, and clearly,
to the Senate: that m 1864, when Congress
passed the enabling act inviting this Territory
into the Union, the receipts from postage in
that Territory were only $16,000, and in 1867
they were over thirty-two thousand dollars,
mora than double—to my mind demonstration
conclusive that the population has largely in-
creased. Then there is the further fact, that
the internal revenue tax collected last year,
when the receipts generally fell off, amounted
to §151,000 as compared with $41,000in 1864—
a larger amount of receipts for postage, and
also for internal revenue, than was collected
from several of the States now in this Union
and represented in this Chamber. The receipts
of one half of all the other Territories in the
Union combined did not equal the receipts
from Colorado alone.
As I remarked the other day, I am entirely
satisfied that there is a population in this Ter-
ritory of from seventy-five to one hundred thou-
sand. I am entirely satisfied that the resources
of this Territory are vast, and rapidly being
developed; that the population will increase,
and rapidly increase ; and I am in favor of the
admission of the Territory as a State into the
Union. Congress once invited this Territory
with two others to come into the Union. The
other two have been admitted. There is no
reason that prevailed in the case of Nevada or
Nebraska which does not equally prevail in the
case of Colorado. I believe that the popula-
tion of this Territory is larger than the popu-
lation of Nevada to-day, or the population of
Nebraska at the time she was admitted. I
hope, sir, that Colorado will now be admitted
into the Union.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I look
upon this as an entirely different question, so
far as it relates to this Territory, and as a new
question, one over which we have complete
jurisdiction, and one in respect to which our
decision, and that of the people of that Terri-
tory, if they vote to come in, will be final. It
cannot be repealed as a law can; if we make a
mistake in passing it, there is an end of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator
desires to address the Senate at some length,
and if he will give way I will move an execu-
tive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I will give way.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do not force me togoon
at this time.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator says, "Do
not force me to go on at this time." I hope
he does not contemplate making a speech on
this subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that the
Senator from Vermont desires to discuss this
matter at some length. He certainly has the
right to <io so.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better
adjourn. It is now nearly four o'clock on Sat-
urday afternoon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I yi-eld for the purpose
of an executive session.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
l}usin ess
Mr. CONNESS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. All this day we have
wasted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to any debate on
this question.
Mr. CONNESS. It is for the Chair to object,
not the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; it is for me to
objeot also.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll on
the motion for an executive sessiovt, with the
following result:
_ YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Drake. Edmunds, E'essendeii,
Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, McCroery, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, lloss, Sprague, Sumner, and Vickers—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Conness, Cragin. Ferry, Freling-
huysen, Ilarlan, Howard, McDonald, Nye, liamsey,
Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, CattelU
Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patterson of
Tennessee, Rice, Saulsbury, Sherman, and Van Win-
kle-16.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before
declaring the result of the vote, the Chair
will lay before the Senate certain matters now
on the table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
inclosingacommunication from General Stone-
man, commanding the first military district,
relative to a proposed election to be held therein,
tsgether with the draft of a bill based on the
recommendations oft said communication-;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating a
report of Thomas Murphy, superintendent of
Indian affairs, central superintendency, rela-
tive to affairs in his superintendency ; which
was referred to the Co mmittee on Indian Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. It. No. 1027) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge over the Black river, in
Lorain county, Ohio ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1322) for the relief of
Major F. F. Stevens, assistant paymaster Uni-
ted States Army ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1324) for the relief of
Mrs. Mary Harris, of Oregon;
A bill (H. R. No. 1325) for the relief of
Benjamin B. French, late Commissioner of
Public Buildings;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 312) relative
to the pay of the Assistant Librarian of the
House;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 813) respect-
ing treaties hereafter to be made between the
United States and the Indian tribes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 314) for the
relief of George D. Biakey, late collector of
the second district of Kentucky.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 367) for the relief of Albert
Gran t *
A bill (S. No. 452) for the relief of Parker
Quince;
A bill (S. No. 474) for the relief of Captain
Dan. Ellis; and
A bill (S. No. 251) for the relief of Captain
Charles N. Goulding, late quartermaster of
volunteers.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speak-
er of the House had signed the following en-
rolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed by
the President protcmpore of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 367) for the relief of Albert
Grant;
A bill (S. R. No. 454) for the relief of
Captain Dan. Ellis; and
A bill (S. No. 452) for the relief ®f Parker
Quince.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The foHowing bills and joint resolutions
received from the House of Representatives
