APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Message of the President.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
important question, on which I have deliber-
ated much, and felt extremely anxious to reach
a proper conclusion. Where an act has been
passed according to the forms of the Constitu-
tion by the supreme legislative authority, and
is regularly enrolled among the public statutes
of the country, executive resistance to it,
especially in times of high party excitement,
would be likely to produce violent collision
between the respective adherents of the two
branches of the Government. This would
be simply civil war; and civil war must be
resorted to^ only as the last remedy for the
worst of evils. Whatever might tend to pro-
voke it should be most carefully avoided. A
faithful and conscientious magistrate will con-
cede very much to honest error, and some-
thing ?ven to perverse malice, before lie will
endanger the public pcace; and he will not
adopt forcible measures, or such as might lead
to force, as long as those which are peaceable
remain open to him or to his constituents. It
is true that cases may occur in which the
Executive would be compelled to stand on
his rights, and maintain them, regardless of
all consequences. If Congress should pass
an act which is not only in palpable conflict
with the Constitution, but will certainly, if car-
ried out, produce immediate and irreparable
injury to the organic structure of the Govern-
ment, and if there be neither judicial remedy
for the wrongs it inflicts nor power in the peo-
ple to protect themselves without the ofiieial
aid of their elected defender: if, for instance,
the legislative department should pass an act
even through all the forms of law to abolish a
coordinate department of the Government; in
such a case the President must take the high
responsibilities of his office, and save the life
of the nation at all hazards. The so-called
reconstruction acts, though as plainly uncon-
stitutional as any that can be imagined, were
not believed to be within the class last men-
tioned. The people were not wholly disarmed
of the power of self-defense. In all the north-
ern States they still held in their hands the
sacred right of the ballot, and it was safe to
believe that in due time they would come to
the rescue of their own institutions. It gives
me pleasure to add that the appeal to our com-
mon constituents was not taken in vain, and
that my confidence m their wisdom and virtue
seems not to have been misplaced.
It is well and publicly known that enormous
frauds have been perpetrated on the Treasury,
and that colossal fortunes have been made at
the public expense. This species of corrup-
tion has increased, is increasing, and, if not
diminished, will soon bring us into total rain
and disgrace. The public creditors and the
tax-payers are alike interested in an honest
administration of the finances ; neither class
will long endure the large-handed robberies of
the recent past. For this discreditable state
of things there are several causes. Some of
the taxes are so laid as to present an irresisti-
ble temptation to evade payment. The great
sums which officers may win by connivance at
fraud create a pressure which is more than the
virtue of many can withstand ; and there can
be no doubt that the open disregard of consti-
tutional obligations avowed by some of the
highest and most influential men in the coun-
try has greatly weakened the moral sense of
those who serve in subordinate places. The
expenses of the United States, including in-
terest on the public debt, are more than six
tiov?s as much as they were seven years ago.
To collect and disburse this vast amount
requires careful supervision as well as system-
atic vigilance. The system, never perfected,
was much disorganized by the "tenure-of-
office bill," which has almost destroyed offi-
cial accountability. The President may be
thoroughly convinced that an officer is incapa-
ble, dishonest.or unfaithful tothe Constitution,
but, under the law which I have named, the
utmost he can do is to complain to the Senate,
and ask the privilege of supplying his place
with a better man. If the Senate be regarded
as personally or politically hostile to the Presi-
dent, it is natural, and not altogether unreason-
able, for the officer to expect that it will take
his part as far as possible, restore him to his
place, and give him a triumph over his execu-
tive superior. The officer has other chances of
impunity arising from accidental defects of
evidence, the mode of investigating it, and the
secresy of the hearing. It is not wonderful that
official malfeasance should become bold in pro-
portion as the delinquents learn to think them-
selves safe. lam entirely persuaded that, under
such a rule the President cannot perforin the
great duty assigned to him of seeing the laws
faithfully executed, and that it disables him most
especially from enforcing that rigid account-
ability which is necessary to the due execution
of the revenue laws.
The Constitution invests the President with
authority to decide whether a removal should
bo made in any given ease; the act of Con-
gress declares, in substance, that he shall only
accuse such as he supposes to be unworthy of
their trust. The Constitution makes him sole
judge in the premises; but the statute takes
away his jurisdiction, transfers it to the Sen-
ate, and leaves him nothing but the odious and
sometimes impracticable duly of becoming a
prosecutor. The prosecution is to be con-
ducted before a tribunal whoso members are
not, like him, responsible to the whole people,
but to separate constituent bodies, and who
may bear his accusation with great disfavor.
The Senate is absolutely without any known
standard of decision applicable to such a case.
Its judgment cannot bo anticipated, for it is
not governed by any rule. The law does not
define what shall be deemed good causc for
removal. It is impossible even to conjecture
what may or may not be so considered by the
Senate. The nature of the subject forbids clear
proof. Ifthechargebeineapacity,whatevideneo
will support it? Fidelity to the Constitution
may bo understood or misunderstood in a thou-
sand different ways, and by violent party men, in
violent party times, unfaithfulness to the Con-
stitution may even come to be considered mer-
itorious. If the officer be accused of dishonesty
how shall it be made out? Will it be inferred
from acts unconnected with public duty, from
private History, or from general reputation ?
Or must the President awaitthe commission of
an actual misdemeanor in office? Shall he, in
the mean time, risk the character and interests
of the nation in the hands of men to whom he
cannot give his confidence? Must he forbear
his complaint until the mischief is done and
cannot be prevented? If his zeal in the public
service should impel him to anticipate the overt
act, must he move at the peril of being tried
himself for the offense of slandering his subor-
dinate? In the present circumstances of the
country some one must be held responsible
for official delinquency of every kind. It is
extremely difficult to say where that responsi-
bility should be thrown if it bo not left where
it has been placed by the Constitution. But
all just men will admit that the President ought
to be entirely relieved from such responsibility
if he cannot meet it by reason of restrictions
placed by law upon his action.
The unrestricted power of removal from office
is a very great one to be trusted even to a magis-
trate chosen by the general suffrage of the
whole people, and accountable directly to them
for his acts. It is undoubtedly liable to abuse,
and at some period of our history perhaps has
been _ abused. If it be thought desirable and
constitutional that it should be so limited as
to make the President merely a common
informer against other public agents he should
at least be permitted to act in that capacity
before some open tribunal, independent of
party polities, ready to investigate tho ments
of every ease furnished with the means of taking
evidence, and bound to decide according to
established rules. This would guaranty the
safety of the accuser when he acts in good
faith, and at the same time secure the rights of
the other party. I speak, of course, with all
proper respect for the present Senate, but it
does not seem to me that any legislative body
can be so constituted as to insure its fitness for
these functions.
It is not the theory of this Government that
public offices are the property of those who hold
them. They are given merely as a trust for
the public benefit, sometimes for a fixed period,
sometimes during good behavior, but generally
they are liable to be terminated at the pleasure
of the appointing power, which represents the
collective majesty and speaks the will of the
people. The forced retention in office of a
single dishonest person may work great injury
to the public interests. The danger to the
public service comes not from the power to
rem ove, but from the power to appoint. There-
fore it was that the framers of the Constitution
left the power of removal unrestricted, while
they gave the Senate a right to reject all
appointments which, in its opinion, were not
fit to be made. A little reflection on this
subject will probably satisfy all who have
the good of the country at heart that our best
course is to take the Constitution for our guide,
walk in the path marked out by the founders of
the Kepublic, and obey the rules made sacred
by the observance of our great predecessors.
The present condition of our finances and
circulating medium is one to which youi early
consideration is invited.
The proportion which the currency of any
country should bear to the whole value of the
annual produce circulated by its means is a
question upon which political economists have
not agreed. Nor can it be controlled by
legislation, but must be left to the irrevocable
laws which everywhere regulate commerce and
trade. The circulating medium will ever irre-
sistibly flow to those points where it is in great-
est demand. The law of demand and supply
is as unerring as that which regulates the tides
of the ocean; and indeed currency, like the
tides, has its ebbs and flows throughout the
commercial world.
At the beginning of the rebellion the bank-
note circulation of the country amounted to
not much more than two hundred million
dollars ; now the circulation of national bank
notes and those known as " legal tenders is
nearly seven hundred millions. While it is
urged by some that this amount should be in-
creased others contend that a decided reduc-
tion is absolutely essential to the best interests
of the country. In view of these diverse opin-
ions it may be well to ascertain the real value
of our paper issues when compared with a
metallic or convertible currency. For this pur-
pose let us inquire how much gold and silver
could be purchased by the seven hundred mil-
lions of paper money now in circulation.
Probably not more than half the amount of
the latter- showing that when our paper cur-
rency is compared with gold and silver its
commercial value is compressed into three
hundred and fifty millions. This striking foct
makes it the obvious duty of the Government,
as early as may be consistent with the princi-
ples of sound political economy, to take such
measures as will enable the holder of its notes
and those of the national banks to convert
them, without loss, into specie or its equiva-
lent a reduction of our paper circulating
medium need not necessarily follow. This
however, would depend upon the law of de-
mand and supply, though it should be borne
m mmu that by making legal tender and bank
notes convertible into coin or its equivalent
their present specie value in the hands of their
cent IS W0U k® en^lanced one hundred per
Legislation for the accomplishment of a
result so 4<3$irab}e is demanded by the highest
pulHii; eoi:isicjer!j,iions. The Constitution con-
