1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Treasury reports that tlie amount due to
Hon. George W. Bridges was $6,9G1 60, of
■which he has been paid $5,270 50, leaving
$1,GS5 10, which was withheld on account of
loss of time. He was arrested while on his
way to the capital to attend the sitting of
Congress by troops under the orders of one
Jeff. Davis. He was consequently detained
from his seat after the time when he should
have been here, and if he had been here he
would have drawn his pay at the time. It is
shown by the evidence that after having served
in Co'ngress he united himself to the TJnion
armies then lighting against the rebels. He
raised a regiment and did good service for the
Government during the war. The committee
believe that he has as good an excuse for not
being present—his arrest by the rebels—as that
which was allowed at the time, sickness of
himself or sicknessln his family, and therefore
recommend the passage of this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely on the following
cases; and the same were laid oil the table :
Memorial of Major II. D. Gibson for relief;
Petition of David Dunseth and others, crew of
the steamer Champion, for services rendered ;
Petition of It. G. Roberts and others; and
Petition of Jethro Bonney.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the votes already taken; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BHALliS AND DIXON.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 217) for the relief of Beales
& Dixon ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of t-heTreasury
to cause the accounts of Beales & Dixon, for
delivery "of material under their contracts
with the United States, to be adjusted and paid,
allowing said Beales & Dixon such additional
price for material delivered after May 1, 1861,
under the provisions of the supplementary
contracts dated January 1, 1867, the same to
be adjusted by the proper officer.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASIlBUltN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. There
are several other bills to be reported from the
Committee of Claims, but some of its mem-
bers are not present, and I ask that the next
morning hour may be given to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
nearly expired. If there is no objection it
will be considered as closed, and the commit-
tee will have the next morning hour when re-
ports are in order of a private nature.
BELIEF OF DESTITUTE IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. INGERSOLL. As there are a few min-
utes left of the morning hour, I move to pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table, so as
to dispose of the bill for the temporary relief
of the destitute in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly, as the first business
oil the Speaker's table, took up Senate bill
No. 220, for the temporary relief of destitute
people in the District of Columbia, returned
from the Senate with a disagreement to the
amendment of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is an unimportant
amendment that the House attached to the bill
the other day; and as the Senate have not con-
curred iu it, and the object of the bill is to re-
lieve the necessities of the indigent poor, I
move that the House recede from its amend-
ment.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman to state
what the amendment is.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The bill puts this fund
at the disposal of General Howard, the head
of the Freedmen's Bureau. The amendment
adopted by the House on motion of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] was, that
the fund should be distributed jointly by Gen-
eral Howard and the Provident Aid Society.
This society is a mere voluntary organization,
has no existence in law, and therefore could
not work harmoniously with General Howard,
although they both desire the same purpose to
be accomplished, that is, the speedy relief of
the destitute and suffering poor of this District.
I hope the House will recede from the amend-
ment.
Mr. BURR. Let me remind my colleague that
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
on whose motion this was inserted, is absent.
I therefore suggest that he let the bill be passed
over till his return.
itr. INGERSOLL. If I thought there was
anything in the amendment I would do that as
a matter of courtesy to the gentleman from
New York; but I cannot do it under the cir-
cumstances. There are hungry people in this
District who are asking bread and cannot get
it. Now, will the House stand on this mere
technicality, or will it do justice and recede
from the amendment ?
The amendment of the House was reported,
to insert the words "and Provident Aid Soci-
ety of the city of Washington."
Mr. INGEltSOLL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof ihc House receded from its amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEY OF NORTHERN LAKES.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask unanimous consent
to take up for action Senate joint resolution
No. 108, relative to the survey of the northern
and northwestern lakes.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution provides that the second
section of an act entitled " An act making ap-
propriations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1808," approved March 2, 1867, shall
not apply to the appropriation for the survey
of the northern and northwestern lakes.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to record my vote on the question of
impeachment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot by the
rule ask unanimous consent. The only way is
by suspending the rules on the day when they
can be suspended.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I understand con-
sent was given by the House on Tuesday la3t.
The SPEAKER. Only to allow two gentle-
men [Mr. Kooxtz and Mr. Thomas] to record
their votes.
louisville and portland canal.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 835) to provide
for the completion of the Louisville and Port-
land canal around the falls of the Ohio river,
at Louisville, Kentucky; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and, with the accompanying
report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
ordered to be printed.
CUSTODY OF PUBLIC MONEYS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
floor.
Mr. COVODE. I'rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I wish to call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the jail bill was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done
while the gentleman from Illinois is upon the
floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league on the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Butler.] has a bill here which was
brought into the discussion yesterday, and
which I think the House will pass by unani-
mous consent. I yield for the purpose of hav-
ing the bill read, and if it does not excite
discussion I hope it will pass; if debate arises,
I must reserve the right to claim the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. A similar bill has already
been reported, and is now in order, to be called
up at any time under the special order of the
House. It is a bill for the better regulation of
the custody and expenditures of the public
moneys.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts has leave to report at any time
the report can now be made.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, then reported a bill (II. It. No.
8UC) for the better regulation of the custody
and expenditures of the public moneys ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read in cxlenso. The first sec-
tion provides that all acts and parts of acts
which authorize the President or Secretary of
any Department to transfer the moneys appro-
priated for a particular branch of that Depart-
ment to another branch of expenditure in the
same Department be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
The second section provides that whenever,
by sale of property of the United States ap-
pertaining to any Department of the Govern-
ment, or by the payment of dues to the United
States appertaining to any Department of the
Government, or by any other means whatever,
any moneys or valuable securities for the pay-
ment of moneys shall have been paid over or
come into the possession or under the control
of any Department or any officer thereof, the
same shall not be expended except in pursu-
ance ofappropriations made by law; but all such
moneys, specifically and withoutany deduction
whatever, shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States, and carried to an account
on the books of the Treasury denominated the
" surplus fund," and such securities shall be
deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States, to be disposed ot according to law ; and
the Treasurer shall annually report to Con-
gress all the sums of moneys and securities,
and whence received, under the provisions of
this section.
The third section provides that whoever,
being an officer, commissioner, or agent of
the Government for the expenditure or dis-
bursement of public money upon any public
work or in any public employment whatever,
shall expend or attempt to authorize any ex-
penditure or contract for the expenditure of
public money, either directly or indirectly,
over and beyond the appropriations made by
law for such work or employment or any part
thereof, shall be liable to the penalties pro-
vided in this_ act, and, in addition thereto,
shall be held individually liable to any person
injured or who shall have performed any ser-
vice or made any outlays under the unauthor-
ized acts or directions of such officer, commis-
sioner, or agent.
The fourth section provides that whoever
