«0
SUPPLEMENT TO
to appoint. In whom must it exist? It is a
familiar rule, that the power which makes can
■unmake. Unless thisrulebe rejected, the power
'of removal must exist in the President and
Senate conjointly; nor is there anything un-
reasonable in this conclusion. Removal .can
always be effected during the session of the
"Senate by the nomination and confirmation of
a successor, while provision can be made for
tjijs,recess by an act of Congress. This con-
clusion would be irresistible, were the Senate
' always in session, but since it is not, and since
cases may arise during the recess, requiring
immediate exercise' of this power of re-
moval, it has been argued that at least during
♦he recess it must be in the President alone.
From this position there has been a jump to
the next, and it has been insisted that since,
for the sake of public convenience, the power
of removal exists in the President, he is at
liberty to exereise it, either during the recess
or the session itself. Here is an obvious ex-
' teusio.n of the conclusion which the premises
do not warrant. The reason failing, the con-
clusion must fail. Cessante ralione cessat etiam
ipsa lex. Especially must this be the ease
under the Constitution. A power founded on
implied necessity must fail when that necessity
does not exist. The implication cannot be
carried beyond the reason. Therefore, the
power of removal during the recess, doubtful
at best unless sanctioned by act of Congress,
cannot be extended to justify the exercise of
that power while the Senateisin session, ready
to act conjointly with the President.
Against this natural conclusion we have the
assumption that a contrary construction of the
Constitution was established alter debate in
1780. Without considering minutely what was
really determined on that occasion, 1 content
myself by asking, if at. best it was anything but
a congressional construction of the Constitu-
tion, and aa such subject to be set aside by
another voice from the same quarter. It was,
moreover, a congressional construction adopted
duringthe administration of Washington, whose
personal character must have influenced opin-
ion largely; and it prevailed in the House of
Representatives only after earnest debate, by a
bare majority, and in the Senate only by the
casting vote of the Vice President, John Adams,
who from position, us well as principle, was not.
inclined to shear the President of any prerog-
ative. Once adopted, and no strong necessity
for a change occurring, it was allowed to go un-
altered, hutnotunqnestioned. Juristsliko Kent
and Story, statesmen like Webster, Clay, Cal-
houn, and Benton, recorded themselves ad-
versely, and it was once reversed by the vote of
the Senate. Finally, this congressional con-
struction, born of a easting vote, and questioned
ever since, has been overruled by another con-
gressional construction, which has been twice
adopted in both Houses, first by large majori-
ties on the original passage of the tenurc-of-
office act, and, then, by a vote of two thirds on
the final passage of the same act over the veto
of the President; and then again adopted by
ft vote of more than two thirds of the Senate,
when the latter condemned the removal of Mr.
Stanton ; and alt this in the light, of experi-
ence, after ample debate and with all the con-
sequences before them. Such a congressional
construction must have a controlling iutluence,
and the fact that it reversed the practice of
eighty years and overcame the disposition to
stand on the ancient ways, would seem to in-
crease rather than diminish its weight.
Now, mark the consequences. Originally, in
1789, there was a Congressional construction,
which, in effect, made the Constitution read:
"The President shall have the power of removal."
For the next eighty years all removals were
made under this construction. The Tenure-
of-office act was a new Congressional con-
struction, overruling the first and entitled to
equal if not superior weight. By virtue of this
Congressional construction, the Constitution
now reads:
"The President shall ,ioi In me tha power of re-
moval."
It follows, then, that in removing Mr. Stanton
the President violated the Constitution as now
construed.
The dilemma is this: If the President can
remove Mr. Stanton during the session of the
Senate, without any power by statute, it is only
by virtueof a prerogative vested in him by the
Constitution, which must necessarily override
the Tennre-of-office act, as an unconstitu-
tional effort to abridge it. If, on the other
hand, this act is constitutional, -the preroga-
tive of removal is not in the President, and he
violated the Constitution when he assumed to
exercise it.
The Tenure-of-office act cannot be treated
otherwise than constitutional. Certainly not
in the Senate, where some among the apolo-
gists of the President voted for it. Therefore
the prerogative of removal is not in the Pres-
ident. The long practice, which grew up under
a mere reading of the Constitution, has been
declared erroneous. To this extent the Con-
stitution has been amended, and it is as absurd
to plead the practice under the first reading in
order to justify an offense under the second,
as to plead the existence of slavery before the
constitutional amendment in order to justify
this monstrosity now.
Thus must we conclude that the offender
has not only violated the Tenure-of-office act,
but also the Constitution; that, even assuming
that Mr. Stanton is not protected by the stat-
ute, the ease is not ended; that this statute, if
construed so as to exclude him, cannot be
rejected as a Congressional construction of the
Constitution; and that, under this Congres-
sional construction, which in value is second
otiiy to a constitutional amendment, the prerog-
ative of removal without the consent of the
Senate does not belong to the President,. Of
couisc the power of suspension under the Con-
stitution, which is only an incident of the larger
pretension, must fall also. Therefore, in the
defiant removal of Mr. Stanton, and also in
the pretended suspension under the Constitu-
tion with which the transaction began, the
President violated the Constitutioh, and was
guilty of an impeachable offense.
And so, also, wo must conclude that, in the
substitution of Lorenzo Thomas as Secretary of
War ad interim, the offender violated not only
the acts of Congress for the supply of vacan-
cies, but also the Constitution. Knowing that
he conld not obtain possession of the office
with the consent of the Senate, he sought to
accomplish this purpose without that consent.
Thus, undercolor of a statute, he practically
set the Constitution at defiance. Mark here
his inconsistency. He violates the Tenure-of-
office act, alleging that it is against the Con-
stitution, whose champion he professes to be,
and then takes advantage of the acts of Con-
gress for the supply of vacancies to set aside
the Constitution ill one of its most important
requirements; for all which he'is justly charged
with an impeachable offense.
All this seems clear. Any other conclusion
gives to the President the power under the Con-
stitution to vacate all national oflicesand leaves
the Republic the wretched victim of tyranny,
with a ruler who is not even a constitutional
monarch, but a king above all laws. It was
f solemnly alleged in the articles against Charles
!' I of England, that "being admitted king of
; England, and therein trusted with a limited
;i power to govern by and according to the laws
lj of the land and xo'r otherwise," he neverthe-
] less undertook "to rule according to his will
jj and to overthrow the rights and liberties of
1 the people." These very words might be
; adopted now to declare the crime of Andrew
Johnson.
THE APOLOGIES.
| Here I might close; but the offender has
! found apologists, who plead his cause at the
1 bar and in the Senate. The apologies are a
strange compound, enlarging rather than dimin-
ishin« the olfenses proved. There is, first, the
; Apology of'Goodlntentions; next, the Apology
of making a case for the Supreme Court, being
the Moot Court Apology; and, then, the Apol-
ogy, that the President may sit in judgment on
the laws, and determine whether they shall be
executed, which I call the Apology of Preroga-
tive. Following these is a swarm of technical-
ities, devices, and quibbles, utterly unworthy
of the Senate and to be reprobated by all v .10
love justice.
the apology of good intentions.
I begin with the Apology of Good Intentions.
In the light of all that has occurred, with the
volume of history open before us, with the
records of the Senate in our hands, and with
the evidence at the bar not utterly forgotten,
it is inconceivable that such an Apology can be
put forward. While making it the apologists
should be veiled, so that the derisive smile on
their faces may not be observed by the Senate
to whose simplicity it is addressed. It is hard
to treat this Apology; but it belongs to the
case, and, therefore, I deal with it.
Of course a mere technical violation of law,
with no evil consequences and without any
claim of title, is followed by nominal damages
only. If a person steps on a field of grass be-
longing to another, without permission, he is
a trespasser, and the law furnishes a familiar
proceeding against him; but if he has done
this accidentally, and without any real damage,
it would be hard to pursue him, unless the as-
sertion of the title were thought important.
But if this trespasser is an old offender, who
from the beginning has broken fences, ruined
trees, and trampled down the garden, and who
now defiantly comes upon the field of grass,
insisting upon absolute ownership, then it is
vain to set up the Apology that very little dam-
age is done. The antecedent transgressions,
ending in a claim of title, enter into the pres-
ent trespass and make it a question whether
the rightful owner or the trespasser shall hold
possession. Here the rightful owner is the peo-
ple of the United States, and the trespasser is
Andrew Johnson. Therefore in the name of
the people is he impeached.
This simple illustration opens the whole case.
The mere technical violation of a statute or
of the Constitution, without antecedents and
without consequents, would not justify an im-
peachment. All of us can recall such even in
the administration of Abraham Lincoln, and I
cannot doubt, that, since this proceeding be-
gan, the Chief Justice violated the Constitution
when he undertook to give a casting vote, not
being a member of the Senate. But these
were accidents, besides being innocuous. From
a violation of the Constitution or of a statute,
the law ordinarily infers evil intent, and where
such a case is submitted to judgment, it throws
upon the violater the burden of exculpation.
He must show that his conduct was innocent;
in other words, that it was without evil intent
or claim of title. In the present cause we
have a denial of evil intent, with a claim of
title.
The question of intent thus raised by this
offender cannot be considered narrowly. This
is atrial of impeachment, and not a criminal
case in a county court. It is a proceeding for
expulsion from office on account of political of-
fenses,and not a suit at law. When the offender
sets up Good Intentions, he challenges inquisi-
tion, according to the latitude of such a pro-
ceeding. The whole past is unrolled by him-
self and he cannot prevent the Senate from
seeing it. By a commanding rule of evidence
it is all before us without any further proof.
You cannot shut it out; you cannot refuse to
look at it. And yet we have been seriously
told that we must shut out from sight every-
thing but the technical trespass. It only re-
mains that, imitating the ostrich, we should
thrust our heads in the sand and, not seeing
danger, foolishly imagine it does not exist.
This may do at Nisi Prius; it will not do in
the Senate.
To such extent has this ostrich pretension
been carried, that we have been solemnly ad-
monished at the bar, and the paradox has found
voice in the Senate, that we must, judge the acts
of Andrew Johnson," as if committed by George
Washington." Here is the paradox in its length
