1868.
mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
shall offend against any of the provisions of
this act, or of any other act for the transfer,
custody, disbursement, or disposition of pub-
lic money or other public property, for offenses
against which no other penalty has been pre-
scribed by law, shall be punished, on convic-
tion, by fine not exceeding $10,000, and im-
prisonment not less than one year nor more
than twenty years, and shall thereafter be
ineligible to any place of trust or profit under
the laws of the United States.
Mr. CHANLER. I would inquire if this
bill has been referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts that the
subject was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, with authority to report at
any time.
Mr. CHANLER. The bill ought to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
shall not be seconded it will be in order to
move to refer it to that committee.
Mr. BUTLER. This bill has been under
the consideration of the committee for some
weeks, and every conceivable form of attempts
to get rid of the appropriation laws made by
Congress by various contractors and agents,
and the committee has unanimously come to
the conclusion to report the bill in this form.
It has been very carefully considered. The
subject has been recommitted twice to the
committee, and it is at last reported in this
form. There are eleven different enactments
on this same subject all tacked on at the heel
of eleven different appropriation bills, each
stopping one leak, but none of them stopping
all the leaks. Unless some gentleman shall
show cause why this bill shall be discussed I
will call the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 wish to inquire of the
gentleman, in regard to the pains and penal-
ties prescribed by this bill, if it has been re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary for
proper comparison and review. It is a blow
struck directly at the independence of officers
having control of such appropriations. They
are the agents of the Government, the agents
of the people, and they ought certainly to be
protected by the review of that committee,
which has charge of the laws which protect
the rights of the citizens. Now, although I
have no doubt that the Committee on Appro-
priations are capable of deciding upon what
are the rights and duties of citizens and their
officers, still it is proper that laws of such im-
portance as this should be referred to the com-
mittee having special charge of our laws.
Mr BUTLER. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] will look at the last sec-
tion of this bill, providing pains and penalties,
he will see that it only provides those penal-
ties for offenses against which no otherpenal-
ties have been prescribed by law. That is done
in order that there may be no conflicting pen-
alties. That gives a very wide range to the
discretion of the court. There may be a case
where a man has committed a slight error,
and there may be a case where hundreds and
thousands and even millions of dollars have
been squandered. The court can exercise its
discretion about the penalty to be inflicted. I
am obliged to the gentleman for calling the
attention of the House to this provision, be-
cause it has been carefully considered by the
committee.
Mr. CHANLER. In reply to the statement
of the gentleman, I desire to say that it strength-
ens my view of the case. If an explanation to
this House is necessary, it certainly is due to
the committee which this House has charged
with the particular consideration of this kind
of laws that they should have an opportunity
to examine this bill.
Now, I do not attack the proposed law; I
only ask, in vietv of the importance of this bill,
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with power to report the bill back
if approved by them. I do not by that prop-
osition mean to reflect upon the capacity ot
40th Cons. 2d Sess.—-No, 95.
the gentleman who has offered this bill to
draw up as good a bill as any member of the
Judiciary Committee ; but I do not think this
House is prepared at this time to discuss a
legal point or to make comparisons and collate
the laws in regard to pains and penalties in
case of the violation of this particular law. It
is a question of very great importance that
when an official violates the law he shall be
punished according to existing statutes. I do
not say this will prevent that being done; but
it will certainly strengthen the bill if it should
be favorably reported upon by the Committee
on the Judiciary. I ask, not for the purpose
of delay, but in view of the importance of this
proposed legislation, that it may be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with authority
to report at any time.
Mr. BUTLER. I now call for the previous
question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 80, noes 18.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The biil was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLDtEIlS AND SAILORS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House resolutions adopted by the
Grand Army of the Republic at their general
convention, held in Philadelphia, January 17,
1868, relative to ignoring soldiers and sailors
by Government officials, and asking the atten-
tion of Congress thereto; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
impeachment.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the Mississippi constitutional
convention, in regard to impeachment; which
were referred to the Committee on Impeach-
ment.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the civil
appropriation bill all debate on the pending
paragraph shall terminate in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
now resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the bill
(H. R. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and
for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr,
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (II. R. No. 818) making
appropriaiions for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869, and for other purposes.
The pending paragraph was the following:
For surveying the pubiic lands in Dakota Territory,
including the land? along the Red river of the North,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, seven dollars lor township, and six
dollars for section lines, $15,000.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Bueleigh, to strike out "fifteen "
and insert "twenty;'' so as to make the ap-
propriation $20,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
pro forma to amend the amendment by re-
ducing the amount one dollar. I desire to say
that the Committee on Appropriations allowed
$15,000 for surveying these lands in Dakota
Territory. It was a question with the com-
mittee whether they ought to allow anything
at all. They did not consider that there was
any particular necessity for any appropriation
there. The lands, I und'erstand, are not wanted
for" settlement; they are of such a character
that they will not be taken up, at any rate, for
a long time ; and there is no earthly reason
why we should increase the appropriation by-
adding $5,000. I hope the amendment. wiU
be rejected.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois where begets his information
on this subject?
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the amendment
of the gentlemen from Dakota [Mr. Bekleigh]
will be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my amendment to the amendment
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Bur-
leigh there were—ayes 42, noes 27; no quorum
voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
insist on a further count, as the committee
may find itself without a quorum. Let the
amendment be considered adopted. We shall
have a vole in the House, and then see who
wants to throw away the public money.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the amendment will be considered as adopted.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read the following:
For surveying tho public lands in Idaho, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars l>er mile for sfM.nda.rd
linos, twelve dollars for township, and ten dollars for
scction lines, $15,000.
Mr. IIOLBROOK. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out "fifteen"
and inserting " twenty-five," so as to make
the appropriation $25,000. I desire to state
in connection with this amendment that the
land officers of Idaho Territory recommended
the appropriation of $85,000 as being abso-
lutely necessary for carrying on the surveys of
public lands in that Territory. The Commis-
sioner of Public Lands recommended to the
Secretary of the Interior an appropriation of
$25,000, which is small enough. This is the
amount proposed in my amendment, which I
hope will be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
the committee is determined to support this
amendment. There is no earthly necessity for
this additional appropriation of $10,000 ; but
we may as well take $10,000 more out of the
Treasury. [Laughter.]
On tho amendment there were—ayes 37,
noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cook and
Eldridge were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 43, noes 55.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, $2o,000.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend by
striking out "twenty-five" in the paragraph
just read, and inserting "forty;" so as to
make the appropriation §40,000.
I send to the Clerk, and ask him to read a
communication on this subject from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Inteeiob,
Gexerai, Laxd Office. February, 7. lses.
Sib: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of the 4th instant upon the
subject of an increase in the estimate of appropria-
tion submitted to Congress by this office for survey-
ing the public lands in Oregon lor the next fiscal
y Tan'reply, I have to say, that at the time the. esti-
mates were made this office had m view tho exigen-
cies of the surveying service and counteracting in-
fluences exerted by tho then disturbed condition of
the country on account of Indian hostilities.
The estimate now before Congress tor tho survey
of the public lands in Oregon is $5,000 in excess of
the appropriation made for tho current fiscaL year.
Had it not been for the reported dangers in Oregon
to surveying parties in places remote from the im-
mediate vicinity of military establishments in Kla-
math Lake and SurprisoYalley, muchlarger estimates
would have been presented for the extension of the
