THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and breadth. I deny it. I scout it. On the
contrary, I say, that we must judge all these acts
as if committed by Andrew Johnson, and no-
body else. In other words, we must see things
as they are. As well insist that an act of guilt
should be judged as the mistake of innocence.
As well argue that the stab of the assassin
should be judged as the cut of the surgeon.
To the Apology of Good Intentions, I op-
pose all that long unbroken series of transgres-
sions, each with a voice to drown every pre-
text of innocence. I would not repeat what I
have already said, but in the presence of this
apology it is my duty to remind the Senate
how the career of this offender is compounded
of falsehood and usurpation; how, beginning
with promises to make treason odious, he soon
installed it in authority; how, from declared
sympathy with Unionists, white and black, he
changed to be their persecutor; how in him
are continued the worst elements of slavery, an
insensibility to right and a passion for power;
how in this spirit he usurped great preroga-
tives which did not belong to him ; how in the
maintenance of this usurpation he stuck at
nothing; how he violated law ; how he abused
the pardoning power; how he prostituted the
appointing power; how he wielded the power
of l'emoval to maintain his tyranny; how he
sacrificed the Freedmen's Bureau and lifted up
the Whisky Ring; how he patronized massacre
and bloodshed, and gave a license to the Ku-
Klux-Klan; how, in madness, he entered into
conflict with Congress, contesting its rightful
power over the reconstruction of the rebel
States, and, when Congress would not succumb
to his usurpation, how he thwarted and vili-
fied it, expectorating foul-mouthed utterances,
which are a disgrace to human nature; how he
so far triumphed in his wickedness that in nine
States no Union man is safe and no murderer
of a Union man can be punished; and, lastly,
for time fails, though not the long list of trans-
gressions, how he conspired against thepatriot
Secretary of War, becausc he found in that
adamantine character an obstacle to his revo-
lutionary career. And now, in the face of this
terrible and indisputable record, entering into
and filling this impeachment, I hear a voice
saying that we must judge the acts in question
"as if committed by George Washington."
The statement of this pretension is enough.
I hand it over to the contempt it deserves.
THE MOOT-COURT APOLOGY.
Kindred to the Apology of Good Intentions,
or, perhaps, a rib out of its side, is the Moot.-
Court Apology, which pretends that the Pres-
ident, in removing Mr. Stanton, only wished
to make a case for the Supreme Court, and
thus submit to this tribunal the constitution-
ality of the Tenure-of-offi.ce act.
By this pretension the Supreme Court is
converted into a moot-court to sit in judgment
on acts of Congress, and the President becomes
what, in the time of Charles II, Roger North
said good lawyers must be, a "put case." Even,
assuming against the evidence that such was his
purpose, it is hard to treat it_ without repro-
bation. The Supreme Court is not the arbi-
ter of acts of Congress. If this pretension
ever found favor, it was from the partisans of
Slavery and State Rights, who, assured of the
sympathy of the court, sought in this way to
assure an unjust triumph. The power claimed is
tribunitial in character, being nothing less than
a Veto. Its nearest parallel in history is in
the ancient Justitia of Arragon, which could
set aside laws as unconstitutional. Our Con-
stitution leaves no doubt as to the proper func-
tions of the Supreme Court. It may hear and
determine "all cases in law and equity arising
under the Constitution, the laws of the United
States, and the treaties made under their author-
ity;" but this is all. Its business is to de-
cide "eases;" not to sit in judgment on acts
of Congress and issue its tribunitial Veto. If
a "case" arises where a statute is said to
clash with the Constitution, it must be decided
as any other case of conflict of laws. But
nothing within the just powers of the court
can touch an act of Congress except incident-
ally, and then its judgment is binding only on
the parties. The incidental reason assigned,
as, for instance, that a statute is unconstitu-
tional, does not bind anybody, not even the
parties or the court itself. Of course, it can-
not bind Congress.
On the evidence it is clear enough that the
President had no honest purpose to make a
case for the Supreme Court. He may have
talked about it, but he was never in earnest.
When asked by General Sherman " Why the
lawyers could not make a case?" he said in re-
ply that "it was found impossible, or that a
ease could not be made up." And so at each
stage we find him practically discarding the
idea. He issues the order of removal. Mr.
Stanton disobeys. Here was exactly his op-
portunity. Instead of making the case by com-
mencing the proper process, he tells General
Thomas to "go on and take possession of the
office;" and then, putting an end to this whole
pretension of a case for the court, he proceeds
to treat the latter in every respect, whether of
law or fact, as Secretary, welcomes him to his
Cabinet, invites him to present the business of
his Department, and, so far from taking advan-
tage of the opportunity he had professed to
desire, denies its existence. How could he
inquire by what authority Mr. Stanton assumed
to hold the office of Secretary of War, when he
denied, in fact, that he was holding it?
Look a little further and you cannot fail to
see the reason of this indifference. The old
writ of quo warranto was the only process by
which a case could be made; and this could
be issued only at the suit of the Attorney Gen-
eral. Had the President made an order of
removal, the Secretary would have been com-
pelled to hold only by virtue of the law and the
Constitution. In answer to the writ he would
have pleaded this protection, and the court must
have decided the validity of the plea. Mean-
while he would have remained in office. Had
he left, the process would have failed, and
there was no other process b;y which he could
raise the question. The decision of the Su-
preme Court in Wallace vs. Anderson^ would
prevent a resort to a quo warranto on his part,
while the earlier ease of Marbury vs. Madison
would shut him out from a mandamus. The
apologists have not suggested any other remedy.
It is clear, therefore, that Mr. Stanton's pos-
session of the office was a sine qua non to a
case in the Supreme Court; and that this could
be only by quo warranto. The local attorney
employed by the President testifies that a judg-
ment in such a case could not be reached
within a year. This was enough to make it
impracticable; for, if commenced, it would
leave the hated Secretary a^ his post for the
remainder of the presidential term. During
the pendency of the proceeding Mr. Stanton
would continue the legitimate possessor of the
office. Therefore the commencement of a
case would defeat the presidential passion for
his instant removal. True to his passion he
removed the Secretary, well knowing that in
this way he prevented a case for the court.
Against this couclusion, where all the testi-
mony is harmonized, we have certain fruitless
conversations with his Cabinet, and an attempt
to raise the question on a habeas corpus after the
arrest of General Thomas. The conversations,
whose exclusion has given a handle to the apol-
ogists which they do not fail to use, only show
that the President had made this question a sub-
ject of talk, and that, in the end, it was appa-
rent that he could not make a ease for the
court so as to remove Mr. Stanton during his
term, and as this was his darling object the,
whole idea was abandoned. The arrest of
General Thomas seemed for a moment to fur-
nish another chance; but it is enough to say
of the futile attempt at that time, that it was
not only after the removal of Mr. Stanton but
after the impeachment had been voted by the
House.
Had the President been in earnest, it was
very easy for him to make a ease by proceed-
ing against a simple postmaster; but this ®d
not suit him. He was in earnest only to re-
move Mr. Stanton.
Nothing is clearer than that this Moot-Court
Apology is a wretched pretension and after-
thought. It is the subterfuge of a crimmal to
cover up his crime—as if a surgeon had com-
mitted murder and then set up the apology that
it was an experiment in science;
THE APOLOGY Of PREROGATIVE. . j
Then comes the Apology of Prerogative,
being nothing less than the intolerable preten-
sion, that the President can sit in judgment on
acts of Congress, and, in his discretion, refuse
to execute them. This Apology is in .the
nature of a claim of right. Let this be estab-
lished, and, instead of a government of laws,
which is the glory of a Republic, we have only
the government of a single man. Here is the
One-Man Power with a vengeance.
Of course, if the President can sit in judg-
ment on the Tenure-of-office act, and set it
aside as unconstitutional, there is no act of
Congress which he may not treat in the same
way. He may set aside the whole succession
of statutes for the government of the Army;
and his interview with General Emory attests
his willingness to venture in that direction.
In that spirit of oppression which seems to
govern him, he may set aside the great statute
for the establishment of Civil Rights without
distinction of color. But why confine myself
to instances ? The whole statute-book will be
subject to his prerogative. Vain is the require-
ment of the Constitution that "the President
shall take care that the laws be faithfully exe- _
cuted." Vain is that, other requirement, that"
a bill, approved by two thirds of both Houses
over his veto, "shall become a law." His
veto is perpetual; nor is it limited to any
special enactment. It is as broad as the
whole recorded legislation of the Republic.
There is nothing which it cannot hurry into
that maelstrom ingulfing all.
■ The President considers the statute uncon-
stitutional, say the apologists. A mistake_ in
judgment on such a question is not an im-
peachable offense, add the apologists. To
which I reply, that it is not for a mistake in
judgment but for usurpation in undertaking to
exercise his judgment at all on such a question
that he is impeached ; in other words, he is
impeached for undertaking to set aside a stat-
ute. Whether the statute is constitutional or
not is immaterial in this view. The President,
after the statute has become a law, is not the
person to decide.
Ingenuity seeks to perplex the question by
putting impossible cases. For instance, sup-
pose Congress should have lost its wits, so far
as to enact that the President should not be
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
or that he should not have the power to grant
pardons; and suppose still further, that Con-
gress, in defiance of the positive text of the
Constitution,shouldundertaketocreate "titles
of nobility," must not the President treat such
enactments as unconstitutional? Of course he
must; but such instances do not help the pre-
rogative now claimed. Every such enactment
would be on its face unconstitutional. It would
be an act of unreasoning madness, which the
President, as well as the courts, must disre-
gard, as if it were plain nonsense. Its uncon-
stitutionality would be like an axiom, not to be
questioned. No argument or authority would
be needed. It proves itself. Nor would the
duty of disobedience be less obligatory, even if
the enactment had been sanctioned by the Su-
preme Court; and it is not more violent forme
to suppose it sanctioned by the Supreme Court
than for the apologists to suppose it sanctioned
by Congress. The enactment would be a self-
evident monstrosity, and therefore must be dis-
obeyed as much as if one of the ten command-
ments were reversed, so that it should read,
"Thou shalt kill." Such extreme cases serve
no good purpose. The Constitution is the
supreme law of the land, and the people will
not allow its axiomatic requirements to be set
