ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
printing OP kepoiits.
Mr. CHANLEB. From the importance of
the subject of the treaty with Alaslta, would it
not be proper to have extia copies of the re-
ports from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
ordered to be printed? I move that extra
copies of the majority and minority reports,
together with the papers sent to us from the
Secretary of State, be printed for the use of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The minority report has
not yet been presented.
Mr. WASH BURN, of Wisconsin. I present
the minority report, and movethat it be ordered
to be printed with the majority report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that five thousand
extra copies of the majority and minority re-
ports be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion, under the
law, will be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
report of charles s. bdlkley.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
present to the House the report of Charles S.
Bulkley, chief engineer, in regard to the Ter-
ritory of Alaska, from his own personal obser-
vation. I suppose it embraces twenty-five or
thirty pages in print. He was an officer of the
Army, one of the ablest engineers of the Army,
and is a man of great integrity and great
energy. I move that the report be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the votes
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. BOYER. I move that Mr. Van Aukex
be granted leave of absence for two weeks.
The SPEAKER. Leave of absence is also
asked for Mr. Peters, Mr. Jexckes, and Mr.
Mallohy.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
person all explanation.
Mr. INGEtiSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House for five minutes, for the
purpose* of personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I will read
from an article in the New York Tribnne, fur-
nished by its Washington correspondent, in
the issue of Saturday last, the following para-
graph :
"Trejibuli, is nccused of recreancy nn<l treachery
on every side hy Republicans. Ingf.rsolt. is the oniy
man ot the Illinois delegation and the only member
of the House who tollows him, so far as I have been
able to gather.".
I wish to say, in regard to that correspondent ,
whoever he may be, that he labors under a
misapprehension in reference to my position.
I am not following Senator Trumbull or any
other Senator in reference to impeachment.
1 also wish to make a remark concerning a
communication in the New York Herald of
Saturday last, written by its Washington cor-
respondent. I read as follows:
" There is considerable indignation at E.C. Ikger-
SOLI. amongl'.iseolleagues from Illinois, because he is
understood to sympathize with Senator Tkumbuw. on
the impeachm cnt proceedings. Ingeksolt. is the only
memberof the Radical delegation in the House from
Illinois who has taken this course, and his motives
are freely impugned."
The only ground upon which this can be
based, in my opinion, is from some action of the
Illinois delegation, had fourorfive days ago, to
which, perhaps, I may be allowed to refer.
The Illinois delegation held a meeting, that is,
the Republican members of that delegation,
and a proposition was submitted, which, per-
haps, I have a right to state, as there was no
secrecy about it.
I shall not name the particular members, as
none but my own name has been referred to.
A proposition was submitted to send a letter
to Senator Trumbull, expressing the views
40th Coxg. 2i  Ress.—No. 159.
of the Illinois delegation on the subject of
impeachment, with a view to influencing liis
vote for conviction, or with a view of inducing
him to withhold his vote, if he could not vote
for conviction. I objected to sending such a
letter, and so did three or four of my col-
leagues. I will not name thom, as I have no
authority to use their names in this connec-
tion. There were at'least four, and perhaps
five, of the Illinois delegation who objected to
signing any lette/directed to Mr. Trumbull
upon the subje^of his vote. That is all that
was said or done, one way or the other, in ref-
erence to Senator Trumbull, and no letter
was sent, to my knowledge. There is no feel-
ing of indignation on the part of any of my
colleagues in the House toward me, and there
is no reason why there should be. So far as
I know, I am on cordial relations with all of
them. The writer proceeds to say that—
"Mr. Ingersoll is the only member of the Radical
delegation in the House from Illinois who has taken
this course, and his motives are freely impugned."
The writer is mistaken with regard to that.
Upon that question four Republican members
in this House from Illinois viewed the propri-
ety or impropriety of that course precisely as I
did. The article then proceeds to state that—
"He [Ingersoll] voted for impeachment, but ex-
plains his action now by paying ho was compelled to
do it, though he felt at the time that it was a party
blunder."
In answer to that I wish to state, in justice
to myself, that I voted for impeachment for
the reason that the managers presented to my
mind a prima facie case against the President.
I voted for the articles of impeachment because
1 believed it was my duty to do so. I iiave
never since felt that it was a blunder; neither
have I ever had reason to change my views on
that subject, nor have I expressed any change
of views. The writer goes on to say:
"The board of managers are after his committee
clerk with a view to ascertain whether any outside
pressure was brought to bear to make him adopt
Tkumbuli/s opinions."
The assumption of this writer to which I
wish to call attention is this: that some out-
side pressure has been brought to bear which
has caused me to adopt Senator Trumbull's
opinions. I do not know what Senator Tkum-
bull's opinions are. I never asked him for
them, neither have they ever been communi-
cated to me. I have never had a conversation
with him on the subject of the impeachment
of the President or how he intended to vote on
any article, and I never expect to. How he
intends to vote on the remaining ten articles
I have no knowledge. I might assume from
the vote he has already given how he will vote,
but I know nothing about it. I have not
adopted Senator Trumbull's opinions or any
other Senator's opinions, and for that matter
I have no reason to expect to. So far as any
outside pressure is concerned, I know nothing
about it. Iha,ve not felt it. I have endeavored
to discharge my duty and to mind my own busi-
ness, and I think I have succeeded reasonably
well thus far.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
impeachment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained
the floor to move that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, but yielded to
Mr. JONES, who rose to a privileged ques-
tion, and presented the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas this House did, in bad judgment and hot
haste, pass a resolution and articles ot impeachment
against Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, and appointed managers to conduct the suit
before the high court of the Senate; and whereas it
has been abundantly proven that there was 110 cause
or plausible pretext for tlio same; and whereas the
Senate and the country laborundergreat excitement
and embarrassment: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That said managers bo instructed
forthwith to withdraw said suit, that the House may
be redeemed, the Senate relieved, and the country
given repose. - - -
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield for that.
I he SPEAKER. The Chair will rule on
the question. He thinks this is not a question
of privilege. The preamble contains a reflec-
tion 011 the House. It is unparliamentary on the
part of any member to reflectupon the action of
the Houseinthe language used in the preamble.
Mr. JONES. There was no intention to
reflect on the House.
The SPEAKER. It does, however, in ex-
press language.
Mr. J ONES. I understood that the Speaker
ruled that anything relating to impeachment
was a privileged question. If the Chairtfid not
so rule I am mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The "Chair has ruled in
regard to impeachment probably a hundred
times. His rulings are all consistent, and will
be found in the Congressional Globe. The
gentleman stated the ruling more broadly than
the Chair ever stated it himself.
Mr. JONES. Does the Speaker now rule
that it is not a privileged question ?
. The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is
not. On the contrary, that it is not a parlia-
mentary preamble and resolution for the con-
sideration of the House, not being respectful in
its terms to the House.
artificial propagation op fish.
Mr. MYERS. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me to introduce a joint res-
olution, and if there is any objection to its pas-
sage I will move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield
for that purpose.
Mr. MYERS. I ask that the resolution be
read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolvedhy tkr Senate find House of R f>pr evert tat i'v
&c.. That the sum of $-,500 be, and the some is hereby,
appropiiated iiom the Tieasury of the United States
to defr.-iy the necessary expenses of the experiments
by Seth Green in the artificial propagation of shad
and other iUh in the rivers of the United States, and
that the money hereby appropriated shall be ex-
pended under the supervision of F. E. Spinner, Treas-
urer oi the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it go
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to have read a letter
from General Spinner in regard to this matter.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. Oh, no ; I object We
have a great deal too much shad in this city
now, any way. [Laughter.]
Mr. M YERS. I ask, then, that the joint res-
olution, with the letter of General Spinner, be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
There was no objection ; and the jointresolu-
tion (H. 11. No. 273) making an appropriation
for the expenses of experiments in the propa-
gation of fish was read a first and second time,
and, with the letter of General Spinner, re-
ferred to tlig Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MYERS. I ask that the letter of Gen-
eral Spinner may be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The letter of General Spinner is as follows:
Treasury OF Tim UNITED STATTS.
Washington, Mau 17,18GS.
My Bear Sir: Our little experiment is a perfect
success. From the halt tcaspoonlul of impregnated
shad spaw'n that you brought xne on "Wcdne^ay
evening there are now—Sunday evening—hundieda
of lively young shad m the tumbler that we placed
in my wash-bavin. Now, if wo can hatch hundreds
of shad in a half-pint tumbler in four days, would
you not be able to put thousands of millions in our
livers if Congress would only gi\o your plan (he en-
couragement that itdeservo^ ? If Uoiigre&> will mako
an appropriation for the purpose, my word for it, in
three years all the rivers thus eared for would liter-
ally swarm with this valuable fish. It would greatly
lessen the price oi fish and of other food to a degree,
and would greatly add to the wealth of the country.
Con^rc^s could do no better act than follow the
example of France and other enlightened n.iuoiis;
and if they are really the friends of the poor should
} make an appropriation for the purpose of restocking
i our iish-exhausted streams. _ _
I Very truly, your.. F.,£. SPIAAER.
Seth Gkkex. esu., Waihinc/ton, I). 0.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Illinois yield to me to offer a
resolution.
