APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Message of the. President.
40th Contg....2d Sess.
priations is $77,124,707, including a deficiency
in last year's appropriation of $13,600,000.
The payments at the Treasury on account of
$ie service of the War Department from Jan-
uary 1 to October 29, 1867—a period of ten
months — amounted to $109,807,000. The
expenses of the military establishment, as
well' as the numbers of the Army, are now
three times as great as they have ever been in
time of peace ; while the discretionary power
is vested in the Executive to add millions to
this expenditure by an increase of the Army
to the maximum strength allowed by the law.
Tho comprehensive report of the Secretary of
the Interior furnishes interesting information
in reference to the important branches of the
public service connected with his Department.
The menacing attitude of some of the warlike
bands of Indians inhabiting the district of coun-
try between the Arkansas and Platte rivers,
and portions of Dakota Territory, required the
fresenceof a large military force in that region,
nstigated by real or imaginary grievances the
Indians occasionally committed acts of bar-
barous violence upon emigrants and our fron-
tier settlements ; but a general Indian war lias
been providentially averted. The commission-
ers under the act of 20th July, 1807, were in-
vested with full power to adjust existing diffi-
culties, negotiate treatips with the disaffected
bands, and select for them reservations remote
from the traveled routes between the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific. They entered without
delay upon the execution of their trust, but
have not yet made any official report of their
proceedings. It. is of vital importance that
our distant Territories should be exempt from
Indian outbreaks, and that the construction of
the Pacific railroad, an object of national im-
portance, should not be interrupted by hostile
tribes. These objects, as well as the material
interests and the moral and intellectual im-
provement of the Indians, can be most effect-
ually secured by concentrating them upon por-
tions of country set apart for their exclusive
use, and located at points remote from our
highways and encroaching white settlements.
Since the commencement of'the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress five hun-
dred and ten miles of road have been con-
structed on the main line and branches of the
Pacific railway. The line from Omaha is
rapidly approaching the eastern base of the
Rocky mountains, while the terminus of the
last section of constructed road in California,
accepted by the Government on the 21th day
of October last, was but eleven miles distant
from the summit of the Sierra Nevada. '1 he
remarkable energies evinced by the companies
offer the strongest assurance that the comple-
tion of tho road from Sacramento to Omaha
will not be long deferred.
During the last fiscal year seven million
forty-one thousand one hundred and fourteen
acres of public land were disposed of, and the
cash receipts from sales and fees exceeded by
$500,000 the sum realized from those sources
during the preceding year. The amount paid
to pensioners, including expenses of disburse-
ments, was $18,619,950, and thirty-six thou-
sand four hundred and eighty-two names were
added to the rolls. The entire number of pen-
sioners on the 30th of June last was one hun-
dred and fifty-five thousand four hundred and
seventy-four. Eleven thousand six hundred
and filty-five patents and designs were issued
during the year ending September 30, 1867,
and at that date the balance in the Treasury to
the credit of the patent fund was $286,007.
Tho report of the Secretary of the Navy states
that we have seven squadrons actively and
judiciously employed, under efficient anil able
commanders, in protecting the persons and
property of American citizens, maintaining the
dignity and power of the Government, and pro-
moting the commerce and business interests of
our countrymen in every part of the world. Of
the two hundred and thirty-eight vessels com-
posing the present Navy of the United States,
fifty-six, carrying five hundred and seven guns,
are in squadron service. During the year the
number of vessels in commission has been
reduced twelve, and there are thirteen less on
squadron duty than there were at the date of
the last report. A large number of vessels
were commenced and in the course of con-
struction when the war terminated, and although
Congress had made the necessary appropria-
tions for their completion the Department has
either suspended work upon them or limited
the slow completion of the steam vessels so as
to meet the contracts for machinery made with
private establishments. The total expendi-
tures of the Navy Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1867, were $31,034,011.
No appropriations have been made or required
since the close of the war for the construction
and repair of vessels, for steam machinery,
ordnance, provisions and clothing, fuel, hemp,
&c., the balances under these several heads
having beeii more than sufficient for current
expenditures. It should also be stated to the
credit of the Department that, besides asking
no appropriations for the above objects for the
last two years, the Secretary of the Navy, on
the 30th of September last, in accordance with
the act of May 1, 1820, requested the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to carry to the surplus
fund the sum of $65,000,000, being the amount
received from the sales of vessels and other war
property and the remnants of former appro-
priations.
The report of the Postmaster General shows
tho business of' the Post Office Department and
the condition of the postal service in a very
favorable light, and the attention of Congress
is called to its practical recommendations.
The receipts of the Department for the year
ending June 30, 1867, including all special
appropriations for sea and land service and lor
free mail matter, were $19,978,093. The ex-
penditures for all purposes were $19,235,488,
leaving an unexpended balance in favor of the
Department of $743,210, which can be applied
towaul the expenses of the Department for the
current year. The increase of postal revenue,
independent of specific appropriations, for the
year 1807 over that of 1866 was $850,040, The
increase of revenue from the sale of stamps
and stamped envelopes was $783,404. The
increase of expenditures for 1867 over those of
the previous year was owing ehiefly to the
extension of the land and ocean mail service.
During the past year new postal conventions
have been ratified and exchanged with the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,
Belgium, the Netherlands, Switzerland, the
North German Union, Italy, and the Colonial
Government at Hong Kong, reducing very
largely the rates of ocean and land postages to
and from and within those countries.
The report of the Acting Commissioner of
Agriculture concisely presents the condition,
wants, and progress of an interest eminently
worthy the fostering care of Congress, and ex-
hibits a large measure of useful results achieved
during the year to which it refers.
The reestabiishment of peace at home and
the resumption of extended trade, travel, and
commerce abroad have served to increase the
number and variety of questions in the Depart-
ment for Foreign Affairs. None of these ques-
tions, however, have seriously disturbed our
relations with other States.
The Republic of Mexico, having been re-
lieved from foreign intervention, is earnestly
engaged in efforts to reestablish her constitu-
tional system of government. A good under-
standing continues to exist between our Gov-
ernment and the republics of Ilayti and San
Domingo, and our cordial relations with the
Central and South American States remain
unchanged. The tender, made in conformity
with a resolution of Congress, of the good
offices of the Government, with a view to an
amicable adjustment of peace between Brazil
and her allies on one side and Paraguay on
the other, and between Chili and her allies on
the one side and Spain on the other, though
kindly received, has in neither case been fully
accepted by the belligerents. The war in the
Valley of the Parana is still vigorously main-
tained. On the other hand, actual hostilities
between the Pacific States and Spain have been
more than a year suspended. 1 shall, on any
proper occasion that may occur, renew the
conciliatory recommendations which haye been
already made. Brazil, with enlightened sa-
gacity and comprehensive statesmanship, has
opened the great channels of the Amazon and
its tributaries to universal commerce. One
thing more seems needful to assure a rapid and
cheering progress in South America. I refer
to those peaceful habits without which States
and nations cannot, in this age, well expect
material prosperity or social advancement.
The Exposition of Universal Industry at
Paris has passed, and seems to have fully real-
ized the high expectations of the French Gov-
ernment. If due allowance be made for the
recent political derangement of industry here,
the part which the United States has borne in
this exhibition of invention and art may be
regarded with very high satisfaction. During
the Exposition a conference was held of dele-
gates from several nations, the United States
being one, in which the inconveniences of com-
merce and social intercourse resulting from the
diverse standards of money value were very
fully discussed, and plans were developed for
establishing, by universal consent, a common
principle for the coinage of gold. These con-
ferences are expected to be renewed, with the
attendance of many foreign States not hitherto
represented. A report of these interesting
proceedings will be submitted to Congress,
which will no doubt justly appreciate the great
object, and be ready to adopt any measure
which may tend to facilitate its ultimate accom-
plishment.
On the 25th of February, 1862, Congress
declared by law that Treasury notes without
interest, authorized by that act, should be legal
tender in payment of all debts, public and
private, within the United States. An annual
remittance of $30,000, less stipulated expenses,
accrues to claimants under the Convention
made with Spain in 1834. These remittances,
since the passage of that act, have been paid in
such notes. The claimants insist that the Gov-
ernment ought to require payment in coin. The
subject may be deemed worthy of your atten-
tion.
No arrangement has as yet been reached for
the settlement of our claims for British dep-
redations upon the commerce of the United
States.^ I have felt it my duty to decline the
ptoposition of arbitration made bv her majes-
ty's Government, because it has hitherto been
accompanied by reservations and limitations
incompatible with the rights, interest, and
honor of our country. It is not to be appre-
hended that Great Britain will persist in her
refusal to satisfy these just and reasonable
claims, which involve the sacred principle of
non-intervention—a principle henceforth not
mine important to the United States than to
an other commercial nations.
The West India Islands were settled and
colonized by European States simultaneously
with the settlement and colonization of the
American continent. Most of the colonies
planned here became independent nations in
the close of the last and the beginning of ihe
present century. Our own country embraces
communities which atone period were colonies
ot breat Britain,_ France, Spain, Holland,
Sweden, and Kussia. The people in the West
indies, with the exception of those of the island
01 ilayti, nave neither attained nor aspired to
independence, nor have they become prepared
tor self-defense. Although possessing consid-
erable commercial value, they have been held
by the several European States which colonized
