122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
port he will find hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars paid since the date of this opinion, as
appears by the dates of the allowances which
are j^iven in this document which 1 have in tny
hand.
Sir, it is very apparent to roe that this
whole transaction is unwarranted by the law,
and if the Senator from Ohio will look he will
also see that the Attorney General gave it as
his opinion in the document to which 1 have
referred that this property "must be dealt
with &£ the second section of the act provides;
that is, it must be sold and its proceeds paid
into the Treasurv, there to await the action
of the Court of Claims when duly invoked.-'
The Senator from Ohio knows that has not
been done, because he has got a resolution
here to day to compel the payment of the
money into the Treasury, when here was the
official opinion of the Attorney General more
than two years ago that it must be dealt with
in that way. Why it is not paid in may seem
very strange, and it certainly does to me. A
portion of the Secretary's report says :
"All moneys realised from the sales of property
under the act in question and other similar acts not
repaid to claimants as set forth in statements A and
B, or disbursed as expenses of collecting and dispos-
ing of the same, as provided by law, have passed into
the hands of the Treasurer of the United States"—
That was not the law—
"and have also been regularly covered into the
Treasury of the United States as receipts from cap-
tared and abandoned property, except the sum of
joOO.'OO now on deposit with the Faftaers' Loan and
Trust Company of Jfew York, to secure the sureties
on a bond required to be fiven by Simeon Draper,
late cotton agent at New \ ork, in a suit against him
and norr pending in New York, instituted by the
firm of of Dccnistoun k Co. to recover the proceeds
of alleged blockade cotton taken by agents of the
(iovcrn rnent and shipped to M r. Draper for sale; and
except also about seven hundred thousand dollars
which remains uncovered for the payment of expenses
incident to thecollectiun. care, and disposition of such
property," Ac.
Showing that a portion of this money is
deposited in some bank in New York. It
further appears from this report that the whole
amount of the proceeds of the sales of this
captured and abandoned property was more
than thirty-four million dollars. What do you
think the net proceeds were? What do Sen-
ators, if they have not looked into it, sup-
pose it cost to seize and sell $34,000,000 worth
of property ? It cost the modest sum of $10,-
000.000 to do it! Only $10,000,000 to sell
$34,000,000 of cotton, and, besides that, $500,-
000 kept on deposit and $700,000 more with-
held in order to meet some other expenses yet 1
My object in rising was to call attention to
this extraordinary state of things as disclosed
by these papers and to give my support to the
amendment ofTered by the Senator from Ver-
mont. I trust we will take action, if action be
necessary. I think the law is plain enough,
and has been all the time, but I was unwilling
to have this preamble to the House resolution
passed, because it contains a sanction of these
illegal transactions. ,
Mr. LDML'NDS. I only want to occupy the
attention of the Senate for a moment. While
1 agree in the main with what my distinguished ■
friend from Illinois has said, I think he does a
little injustice to the Secretary of the Treasury
as to the construction of this law, or rather as ;
to the Secretary's construction of it. Iconstrne '
the law exactly as the Senator from Illinois
does, and I cannot comprehend how anybody
else could have construed it otherwise; but it ;
appears from the documents submitted that it
was for a lone time held in the Treasury Depart- ,
ment under the advice of its solicitor, from the
time of the passage of the act of 1863 down to
1805, by preceding Secretaries as well as the
present one, that the Department and its agents
might decide in the first instance whether the
property in their hands came within the statute;
that is to say, whether it was captured or aban-
doned. Being captured or abandoned, it was
plain it must be sold and the proceeds pat into
the Treasury; but if they were satisfied that
it was neither captured nor abandoned, but had
got into the hands of Treasury agents improp-
erly and by mistake, they might deliver it np,
' or if sold deliver up its proceeds. That was
th^ decision of the Department. Then comes
the opinion of the Attorney General of July 5,
1805, which was promulgated in answer to an
inquiry of the Secretary of the Treasury as to
his power or that of the President to institute
a commission to try these questions under the
statute. The Attorney General decided, and
very rightly, that neither the President nor the
Secretary of the Treasury had any such author-
ity. He then goes on to say that it is difficult
to define what is abandoned property, and de-
votes the rest of his communication exclusively
to the question of what is captured property;
and he nolds that any property which has been
seized by any officer or soldier of the United
States (referring in that particular case to the
seizure by General Sherman at Savannah of
thirty-eight or forty thousand bales) is cap-
tured property within the strict meaning of
the term; and whether rightfully or wrong-
fully captured, the Treasury agents must take
it from the soldier and turn it into the Treas-
ury. He is silent as to abandoned property.
Mow. it is known as a matter of history, and
simple justice to the Secretary requires me to
say it, that the Treasury agents in all those
States, without the assistance of the military,
without a soldier ever touching it, gathered
together immense quantities of cotton ; and I
am afraid a good many of them absorbed im-
mense quantities besides ; but that is neither
here nor there at this present moment. They
gathered it together. The found it abandoned,
as it_ might be said. They found it in sheds
and in gins and in warehouses and everywhere,
and gathered it together. Then came forward
claimants who said they were loyal, and that
they had not abandoned this property; that
they had been driven from their plantations by
the rebels themselves, for illustration, andasked
to have it restored. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, under the advice of the solicitor, and pur-
suing the practice of his predecessors, did enter-
tain questions of that kind, and authorized them
to be decided by his subordinates. I think he
made a grave mistake upon the law; but it is
due to him, as to this part of it which is called
abandoned property, to say that this opinion
of the Attorney General did not interfere with
the course of practice that had been adopted
in the cases acted on before that time. As I
said before, I agree entirely with the Senator
! from Illinois that it is all wrong, and that only
one construction can be put upon the law; but
it is only doing simple justice to the Secretary
to make this explanation, which may or may
not, for I have not looked into the details to
see, furnish some clue to the action that has
been taken upon these cases since the opinion
of July 5, 1865.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. After the remarks that
have been made on this subject, which have
come upon me somewhat by surprise, with
reference to the course that has been pursued,
I should like to have a little time to look into
it, and ! therefore move that the further con-
sideration of this resolution be postponed until
to-morrow.
I The motion was agreed to.
• MESSENGERS AND PAGES.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution
reported by me yesterday from the Committee
, to Audit anil Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate for the payment of the salaries
of the clerks of committees now due and the
special messengers and pages retained during
the recess. I apprehend it will take only a
moment.
! The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the following resolution:
lirwlvtd. That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby, authoriied to pay the salaries now due
to the clerks of committees and special messengers
and pages retained during the recess by special reso-
lution, out of the contingent fund of the Senate or
any tund not otherwise appropriated.
The Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate reported
the resolution with an amendment, to strike
out all after the word "resolved" and insert
the following:
That the Secretary of tho Senate be, and he is
horeby, authorized to pay the salaries now duo tho
special messengers and pages retained during tho
recess by special resolution, and clerks of commit-
tees, out of the contingent fund of tho Senate,
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution wns reported to the Senate ag
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time,
and passed.
CHANGE OK A NAME.
The Senate proceeded to consider tho amend-
ments of the llouse of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 143J to change the name of Samuel
Chase Barney, jr., to that of Samuel Chase
DcKraflt. The amendments were read, as fol-
lows:
Add as a new section the following:
That any person being a resident of the District of
Columbia, being desirous to have his or her name
changed, may tile a petition in the Supreme Court of
the said District of Columbia, setting forth therein
the reasons therefor, and also the name desired to be
assumed. Notice of tho filing of said petition, con-
taining the substance and prayer thereof, shall be
published for thrco consecutive weeks in some news-
paper in general circulation published in said Dis-
trict, prior to hearing of said petition. The said
Supreme Court, or the justice holding tho civil term
thereof, on proof of such notice, and upon such show-
ing as may be deemed satisfactory, may chango the
name of such applicant, according to the prayer of
such petition.
Amend the title by adding: "and for other pur-
poses."
The first amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. It seems to me that where
the substantial title of a bill is so small and the
other purposes are so large the title ought to
be altered so as to read: " A bill to authorize
any person in the District of Columbia to
change his name." You will never find the
act by the title given there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move an amendment to the title?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir. I move to
amend it so as to read: " A bill to provide
for changing the names of persons in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
| The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment of the House, as
amended, was concurred in.
j POSTMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
| The joint resolution (H. R. No. 119) to
authorize the Postmaster General to print five
hundred extra copies of his report and accom-
i panving documents was read twice by its title.
[ Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to have that
j resolution disposed of at once. It will take
' but a few minutes. It simply authorizes tho
| printing of five hundred additional copies of
j the Postmaster General's report for the use of
the Department, which is now so extended
i that they have not copies enongh.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think the form
of that resolution is right. The object of it is
perfectly proper. The law now authorizes the
publication of fifteen hundred extra copies.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the resolution
read. The title may not describe it properly.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
B' it rttolved, £c„ That the Postmaster Ocneral be,
and he is hereby, authorized to cause to bo printed
five hundred copies of his annual report and accom-
Banying documents and exhibits for the uso of liia
'epartmcnt. to bo paid for from the funds of the
fost Office Department.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the form of the
resolution ought to be altered. If it is allowed
to lie over for a while I will suggest an amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move its reference to the
Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE RESOLUTIONS REFERRED.
The following joint resolutions from the
House of Representatives were severally read
