186?.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
or at some time conquered them chiefly for pur-
poses of military and naval strategy in carrying
out European policy and designs in regard to
this continent. In our revolutionary war ports
and harbors in the West India Islands were used
by our enemy to the great injury and embarrass-
ment of the United States. We had the same
experience in our second war with Great
Britain. The same European policy for a long
time excluded us even from trade with the West
Indies while we were at peace with all nations.
In our recent civil war the rebels and their
piratical and blockade-breaking allies found
facilities in the same ports for the work, which
they too successfully accomplished, of injur-
ing and devastating the commerce which we
are now engaged in rebuilding. We labored
especially undef this disadvantage—that Eu-
ropean steam vessels, employed by our ene-
mies, found fiiendly shelter, protection, and
supplies in West Indian ports, while our own
naval operations were necessarily carried on
from our own distant shores. There was
then a universal fooling of the want of an
advanced naval outpost between the Atlantic
coast and Europe. The duty of obtaining
such an outpost peacefully and lawfully, while
neither doing nor menacing injury to other
States, earnestly engaged the attention of the
executive department before the close of the
war, and it has not been lost sight of since that
time. A not entirely dissimilar naval want
• revealed itseif during the same period on the
Pacific coast. The required foothold there was
fortunately secured by our late treaty with the
Emperor of Russia, and it now seems impera-
tive that the more obvious necessities of the
Atlantic coast should be not less carefully pro-
vided for. A good and convenient port and
harbor, capable of easy defense, will supply
that want. With the possession of such a sta-
tion by the United States neither we nor any
other American nation need longer appre-
hend injury or offense from any trans-Atlantic
enemy. I agree with our early statesmen that
the West Indies naturally gravitate to, and may
be expected ultimately to be absorbed by, the
continental States, including our own. I agree
with them also that it is wise to leave the ques-
tion of such absorption to this process of nat-
ural political gravitation. The islands of St.
Thomas and St. John's, which constitute apart
of the group called the Virgin Islands, seemed
to offer us advantages immediately desirable,
while their acquisition could be secured in
harmony with the principles to which I have
alluded. _ A treaty has, therefore, been con-
cluded with the King of Denmark for the ces-
sion of those islands, and will be submitted to
the Senate for consideration.
_ It will hardly be necessary to call the atten-
tion of Congress to the subject of providing for
the payment to Russia of the sum stipulated
in the treaty for the cession of Alaska. Pos-
session having been formally delivered to our
commissioner, the territory remains for the
present in care of a military force, awaiting
such civil organization as shall be directed by
Congress.
The annexation of many small German States
to Prussia, and the reorganization of that coun-
try under a new and liberal constitution, have
induced me to renew the effort to obtain a just
and prompt settlement of the long-vexed ques-
tion concerning the claims of foreign States for
Military service from their subjects naturalized
in the United States.
■ In connection with this subject the attention
of Congress is respectfully called to a singular
and embarrassing conflict of laws. The ex-
ecutive department of this Government has
hitherto uniformly held, as it now holds, that
naturalization, in conformity with the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, absolves the
recipient-from his native allegiance. The courts
of Great Britain hold that allegiance to the
British Crown is indefeasible, and is not ab-
solved by our laws of naturalization. British
judges cite courts and law authorities of the
United States in support of that theory against
the position held by the executive authority of
the IInited States. This conflict perplexes the
public mind concerning the rights of natural-
ized citizens, and impairs the national authority
abroad. I called attention to this subject in
my last annual message, and now again respect-
fully appeal to Congress to declare the national
will unmistakably upon this important question.
The abuse of our laws by the clandestine
prosecution of the African slave-trade from
American ports or by American citizens has
altogether ceased, and, under existing circum-
stances, no appi'ehcnsions of its renewal in
this part of the world are entertained. Under
these circumstances it becomes a question
whether we shall not propose to her majesty's
Government a suspension or discontinuance of
the stipulations for maintaining a naval force
for the suppression of that trade.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington-, December 3, 1807.
Report ofthe Secretary of "War ad interim
and General United States Army.
War Department,
Washington City, November, 18G7.
Mr. President: I have the honor to submit
my report as Secretary of War ad interim and
the accompanying reports of the Army and
bureaus under the War Department since the
last annual report of the Secretary of War.
I assumed the duties of Secretary of War
interim August 12, 18G7, in pursuance of the
following instructions from the President, to
wit:
Executive Mansion*.
Washington, 1). C., August 12,1SG7.
Sir: lion. Edwin M. Stanton having been this
dav suspended as Secietaiy of War, you are hereby
authorized and empowered to act as Secretary of
War atI interim, and will at once enter upon the dis-
charge of tho duties of that office.
The Secretary of War has been instructed to trans-
fer to you all records, books, papers, and other public
property now in his custody and charge.
Very respectfully, yours,
ANDREW JOHNSON.
General Ulysses S. Grant, Washington, D. C.
On receipt of the above I notified the Secre-
tary of War of it, first verbally and then, at his
suggestion, by letter, of which the following is
a copy:
Headquarters Armies op the United States,
Washington, 1). (j., August 12,18157.
Sir: Incloscd herewith I havo the lionor totrans-
mit to you a copy of a letter just received fjoin the
President of the United States notifying me of my
assignment as Acting Secretiny of War, aud direct-
ing me tou^sume thoseduticsat once.
In notifying you of my acceptance I cannot let the
opportunity pass without expressing to you my ap-
preciation of the zeal, patriotism, firmness, and abil-
ity with which you have ever discharged the duties
of Secretary of War.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
U. S. General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton. Secretary of War.
To this the Secretary of War made this reply :
War Department,
Washington City, August 12,18G7.
General : Your note of this date, accompanied by
a copy of a letter addressed to you, August 12, by the
President, appointing you Secretary of War ad in-
terim, and informing mo of your acceptance of the
appointment, has been received.
Under a sense of public duty X am compelled to
deny the President's light, under the. Constitution
and laws of tho United States, to suspend me from
office as Secretary of War, or to authorize any other
person to enter upon tho discharge of the duties of
that office, or to rectuire mo to transfer to you or any
other person the records, books, papers, and othor
property in my official custody and charge as Secre-
tary of War.
But inasmuch as the President has assumed tosus-
gend me from office as Secretary of War, and you
ave notified me ot your acceptance of the appoint-
ment of Secretary of War ad interim, I have no
alternative but to submit, under protect, to the supe-
rior force of the President.
You will please accept ray acknowledgment of tho
kmd terms in which you have notified me of your
acceptance of the President's appointment, and my
cordial reciprocation of the sentiments expressed.
I am, with sincere regard, frulv yours,
EDWIN II. STANTON,
„ ... „ „ Secretary of lF«r.
General Ulysses S. Grant.
Immediately after this exchange of, notes I
assumed the duties of theoffice assigned tome,
in addition to the duties of General of the Army.
A long war had entailed upon the Army
practices of extravagance totally unjustifiable
in times of peace; and as the increase of the
regular Army since 1860 (now almost the
entire Army) is officered by men whose Army
experience does not go back to that period,
(and therefore they may not know but their
indulgences at the expense of the General
Government are all legitimate,) retrenchment
was the first subject to attract my attention.
During the rebellion ambulances and mounted
orderlies at every headquarters had come into
use j and since the rebellion they have been
continued, if not at every post of a single com-
pany at least generally throughout the Army.
A discontinuance of this evil was necessary
both to tho discipline and efficiency of the
Army and to the relief of the Treasury. Orders
were therefore given both for breaking it up
and seeing to its execution.
The Bureau of Rebel Archives was trans-
ferred to the Adjutant General's department,
as was also the Bureau for the Exchange of
Prisoners, &c., thus relieving from Govern-
ment employment a large number of clerks
and several officers who had, to that date, been
continued in service.
Supplying large armies for a period of four
years of hostilities necessarily led to an accu-
mulation of stores of all sorts far beyond the
tvants of our present establishment for many
years to come. Many of these articles were
of a perishable nature; besides being borne
on the returns of officers accountable for them
they had to be stored and guarded, although
the cost of care per annum might be greater
than their value. Under my direction all these
surplus and useless stores in the quartermas-
ter's department are being sold, and the balance
distributed for issue to troops aa they may be
wanted. This releases a large number of store-
houses for which rent is being paid, and also
discharges a large number of civil employes of
Government.
During the last summer and summer before
I caused inspections to be made of the various
routes of travel and supply through the terri-
tory between the Missouri river and the Pacific
coast. The cost of maintaining troops in that
section was so enormous that I desired, if possi-
ble, to reduce it. This I have been enabled to
do, to some extent, from the information ob-
tained by these inspections; but for the present
the military establishment between the lines
designated must be maintained at a great cost
per man. The completion of the railroads to
the Pacific will materially reduce this cost, as
well as the number of men to be kept there.
The completion of these roads will also go far
toward a permanent settlement of our Indian
difficulties. There is good reason to hope that
negotiations now going on with the hostile
tribes of Indians will result, if not in a perma-
nent peace at least in a suspension of hostili-
ties until the railroads are pushed through that
portion of the Indian territory where they are
giving the most trouble.
freedmen's bureau.
From the report of the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands I make the following synopsis:
No changes have been made in the organ-
ization and practical working of the Bureau of
Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands,
except such as have been causcd by the appoint-
ment of district commanders under the recon-
struction act.
The detail of officers serving with troops has
enabled the Commissioner to reduce the num-
ber of bureau agents. Twenty-eight civil agents
have been discharged and forty-eight mastered
out.
The freedmen, as a people, are making rapid
progress in education, in mechanic arts, and in
all branches of industry.
