1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has been spent in Pennsylvania, and where
did he ever hear before of a party approach-
ing a judge or court where a ease was com-
mitted to that court and advising or threaten-
ing them or promising them or in any manner
attempting to influence the judgment of the
court in that case ? Why, with all of his ex-
perience, he never before heard anything of
the kind.
Now, I ask, in all seriousness, is this House
prepared to place itself before the world, a party
having submitted his case to a constitutional
tribunal, as worrying that judge, as annoying
that judge, as threatening that court with un-
comfortable consequences unless he decides
that case in our favor ? Are we prepared to
place ourselves in that position ? There is not
a man who, approaching a court and threaten-
ing a court of justice in that spirit and man-
ner, would  not be committed to prison for
contempt.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. My col-
league will allow me to say that I do not pro-
pose to use the material which we shall get in
any way injurious to the court now in session.
Mr. WOODWARD. I said that I was in
favor of the resolution itself. In my opinion
it is unnecessary and unmeaning; but I do not
object to the resolution. It is to the gentle-
man's speech with which he expounded that
resolution that I am making this objection. If
I understand the gentleman, he wants the in-
formation for the purpose of " exposing these
Senators to the world," "holding them to their
responsibility." I cannot recover all his lan-
guage ; but his language implies that there is
to be some sort of discipline used upon these
Senators upon the information this resolution
calls for.
Now, sir. against that sentiment, whether
coming from gentlemen in support of the reso-
lution or coming from correspondence with a
Senator or coming from a conversation with a
Senator—come I care not how—against all that
meddling with that tribunal while deliberating
upon this high and important ease I enter ray
earnest and solemn protest as a thing indeli-
cate in the highest degree and indecent.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman speaks of tjie
Senate as a constitutional tribunal. I ask him
if he considers the Senate now a constitu-
tional tribunal ? 1 think lie questioned that
once in this House.
Mr. WOOD WARD. If the House will yield
to me five minutes more I will answer that
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five
'minutes are about expiring.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am aware of that.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope the House will
. give the gentleman five minutes.
The SPEAKER. That depends upon the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has the floor.
Mi\ STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
yield, though I should be glad to. I have not
the time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is entitled to the
floor, and will now state whether he demands
the previous question or what action he desires.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I yield
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] if
he will call the previous question at the close
of his remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it is required of me I
will do so. Mr. Speaker, I would like to hear
the resolution read which has been pronounced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] to be indecent.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon ; he may not put words into my mouth.
So far from pronouncing the resolution inde-
cent I said expressly that I would vote for it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I heard the word " inde-
cent."
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir; but that was
applied to the speech my colleague made in
support of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so un-
derstand the gentleman. If he applied the
word " indecent" to his colleague it would be
unparliamentary. The Chair understood him
to say that some supposed action of the House
might be indecent.
_ Mr. WOODWARD. The Chair is right. I
did not intend anything unparliamentary or
uncivil to my colleague. I intended to charac-
terize the purpose for which this information
was wanted. I meant to characterize the use
that was to be made of this information as
highly indelicate, and, I might say, without in-
tending personal offense, indecent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not yielded my
time. If the gentleman says he did not charge
that the proceeding of his colleague was in-
decent then I was mistaken, and I will not
assume that he did. I heard the word dis-
tinctly twice, either as applied to what was
said by the gentleman's colleague in support
of his resolution or as applied to the proceed-
ing which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevejts] sought to institute. In either
case it comes with a very bad grace from a
man who should not be upon this floor unless
sustained here by a degree of assurance which
I can hardly think possible to exist in any
case—justifying in his opinion his presence
here—a man who has denounced this as no
Congress, as a fragmentary body, a usurping
body.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg to call the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not using exactly
the language of the gentleman, but I will give
his language so that he will see whether lover-
stated it.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman not
only does not use the exact language, but he
does not use anything like the language.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing to be cor-
rected by the gentleman. I have his language
in my hand.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speakei 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
argue the question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not, propose to
argue it. I am only rising to correct the gen-
tleman in his statement. What the gentleman
alludes to is an argument made by me on this
floor as fully as the rules of the House would
allow me to make it, in which I held that neither
this House nor the Senate 
Mr. SCHENCK. I am going to read the
gentleman's language ; I do not want his gloss
upon it. And I am the more disposed to do
this because I had prepared a resolution of
expulsion for the use of this language, and was
only prevented from offering it by the expect-
ation that another gentleman who had taken
a share in the debate would proceed against
him.
On the 21th of February last, when this sub-
ject of impeachment was under discussion, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] said:
" I conclude all the legislation we have done does
not constitute us the court to otiginato and try im-
peachments Which the Constitution contemplates.
"Mr. Speaker, so sure I am that the American
people will respect this objection that I will say, if I
were the President's counselor—which I am not—I
would advise him, if you prefer articles of impeach-
ment, to demur both to your jurisdiction and that of
the Senate, and to issue a proclamation giving you
and all the world notice that while he held himself
impeachable for misdemeanors in office before the
constitutional tribunal, ho never would subject the
office he held in trust for the people to the irregular,
unconstitutional, fragmentary bodies who propose to
strip him of it. Such a proclamation, with the Army
and Navy in hand to sustain it, would meet a popular
response that would make an end of impeachment
and impeachers."
That man, professing to be himself a mem-
ber of the American Congress and drawing
pay as such—he takes care of that, I presume—
stands here and denounces the proceeding under
the Constitution by this House to impeach and
by the Senate to try that impeachment as pro-
ceedings not legitimately to be entered upon
by either, because he says of both that they are
but fragmentary bodies, and declares that he.
if he were the adviser of the President, would
disperse them by force, for that is virtually
what his threat amounts to. I do not wish any
gentleman here or outside of this House to take
my representation of his language as being a
proper or improper interpretation of that lan-
guage, and therefore I have read what he said,"
and from the official report of the proceedings of
this Congress. I aver that he dared to stand
here and denounce this as no House of Repre-
sentatives entitled to find articles of impeach-
ment and present them, and the Senate as no
body entitled under the law to try the impeach-
ment, and that he went further, and gave notice,
in the shape of a threat, that if he were the
President he would step in and disperse these
two fragmentary bodies, and thus put an end
to the impeachment and the impeachers also.
Sir, I repeat what I said. I had prepared a
resolution to expel that member from this floor
as unworthy of a seat in the body of which he
thus speaks, and was only prevented from
doing it 
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman is not discussing the
question before the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is he not?
Mr. MARSHALL. I object, unless it is
understood that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Woodward] shall have an oppor-
tunity to reply to his attacks upon him, which
is nothing but a personal attack.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution; and, under the rules, the gentle-
man from Ohio must confine his remarks to
the resolution, since the point of order is made.
The Clerk again read the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That is the subject before
the House, and the debate must be confined
to it, now the point of order is made.
Mr. SCHEIE CK. Mr. Speaker, I hold that
what I have been saying is entirely pertinent
to this proceeding ; and if the gentleman would
follow out the position that he has taken, and
declare that we, being no House of Represent-
atives, have 110 right to make that request of
the Senate, and that the Senate, being no legal
body, can have kept no record of their pro-
ceedings when acting either in a legislative or
any other capacity, he would be consistent with
what ho has said before. But he puts his
opposition to the resolution upon an entirely
different ground, and shrinking, perhaps—al-
though 1 do not know whether he does or
not—from the bold assurance with which he
advanced revolutionary doctrines like that, he
now prefers to content himself by speaking
disparagingly either of the resolution or what
it proposes to do, or of the remarks of his col-
league, by which that resolution was sought
to be sustained; and I say, and therefore I am
pertinent in this debate, that it comes with an
ill grace, to say the least of it, from the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to oppose that res-
olution upon any such ground as that, when
he has heretofore taken that high, auda-
cious position, which he stands recorded aa
having maintained heretofore in debate upon
this subject of impeachment, that we have no
power to impeach, wo have no power to in-
quire into these matters, that there is no Sen-
ate of whom to make inquiry, and that the
Senate and the House alike ought, if the Pres-
ident were properly advised, as he feels capa-
ble of advising him, to have been dispersed.
I did not risH for any purpose of discussing
the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania or their tendency. If there ever occurs
a time when it may be proper to do so I shall
be glad to enter on that point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that, notwithstand-
ing his argument, the Chair thinks that this is
■ beyond the scope of the resolution before the
House. The former ppeeeh of the gentleman
1 from Pemisvlvania is not in review before the
! House. The remarks then made by him could
have been excepted to at the time by any mem-
ber, and the Chair would have ruled upon them.
; The point of order being made by the gentle-
! man from Illinois, the Chair rules that the
t remarks are not iu order.
