1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3555
same capacity, in 1862 he went into one of the
hospitals as steward or waiter or in some posi-
tion of that kind. He never served as a sol-
dier. While about the hospital he was sent
once or twice into the rebel lines and brought
back contrabands, sometimes one thing and
sometimes another. There was no evidence
that h'e was regularly employed as a spy. This
is to give him $1,000, when he was never in
the Army as a soldier. He was there as a
servant, not as a soldier. It will be unjust to
those who did serve as soldiers to make this
appropriation, and I hope it will be rejected.
Mr. HAKDING. The gentleman is mis-
taken. His remarks do not apply to this man.
There is nothing in reference to this man hav-
ing been in the hospital. He has reference to
some other man.
Mr. HAWKINS. I have reference to this
identical man. There was a paper showing
his connection with the hospital, but I do not
know whether it is there now or not.
Mr. HARDINGr. We have the testimony
of Major General Hunter and of other officers
in favor of this man. I ask that the report be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Mr. Habding, from the Committee of Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial and evidence of
Walter D. Plowden, makes the following report:
That claimant, who was born a slave in Washing-
ton county, Maryland, emancipated in early lite,
found his way to the city of New York, and, in 1861,
at the breaking out of the rebellion, accompanied
the forty-third regiment New York volunteers as
servant to Major White, surgeon of the regiment, into
South Carolina.
After the discharge and muster out of Major White,
with whom he had gained a large experience with
the colored people and the troops on the coast, he was
employed by Major General Hunter, then m com-
mand of the Federal lorces at Beaufort and Hilton
Head, as a scout and spy, and as a guide in various
expeditions from the coast into the interior of the
State.
In the spring of 1863 he was sent by night on a
secret expedition, with a row-boat and eight colored
men, up the Combahee river one hundred and thirty-
one miles to the crossing of the Charleston and Sa-
vannah railroad, in the vicinity of the Pocotaligo,
from whieh he returned in five days, reporting the
condition of the bridges and trussel work, and the
strength of the military guard of the enemy at that
crossing.
Immediately following, he accompanied the well-
known expedition of Colonel Montgomery, thirty-
fouith United States colored troops, against Poco-
taligo, as a guide, which was successful m the de-
struction of the railroad bridge and the release from
slavery and the service of the enemy of eight hundred
colorcd men and a large amount of property, which
were used by the United States Government. Soon
thereafter, in May, 18S3, he was sent on a third expe-
dition as a scout and spy to the Coosawatchie liver,
with a boat and five colored men, with orders to cut
the telegraph on the Savannah and Charleston rail-
road at Gardner's Corners, the crossing of the railroad
over the Coosawatchie. This bridge was so strongly
guarded that after several efforts, by night, to cut the
wires, the attempt was abandoned, and the expedition
was unsuccessful.
In June following he was sent up the Ashepoo with
a boat and eight colored men, and was perfectly suc-
cessful in setting the bridge of the Savannah and
Charleston railroad on fire and burning it up. The
rebel guard attacked his little crew in their flight,
and they barely made their escape.
In July following he was sent up the Broad river
with a boat and eight colored men, making progress
by night, and scouting out into the country to the
camps of the enemy by day, taking observations of
the location and strength of picket posts, and the
position of military forts and works of the rebels. He
returned with all this information to General Hunter.
Immediately thereafter he accompanied General
Benham's expedition up the Broad river to Chis-
holm's Landing, as guide and spy. The force was
four gunboats and a brigade of troops, which inflicted
serious punishment for two days to the rebels, cap-
turing prisoners and destroying military works and
matertel of war.
Alter his return from this expedition he was sent
ten miles within the rebel lines from the main land
at Hilton Head, and returned bringing information
to General Saxton, by which he captured the rebel
pickets on the next day.
In September following he was sent as foot spy to
Bluffton, within the rebel lines, and returned with the
information whieh led to its immediate capture by
Geueral Hunter. Ho accompanied the troops as
guide to Bluffton.
In December following he was sent as spy up Stono
inlet to Waupo cut for information as to the condi-
tion of the rebel ram there building, and which was
cxpected to come out of the inlet very shortly. On
this expedition, forwantofsufficientforce to out-row
the rebels, he was captured in his flight from Waupo
out, when he was almost within shot of the Pawnee
the Federal man-of-war, to which ho hoped to escape,
lying at the uiouth of the inlet.
He was put into prison at Charleston, January 2,
1864, and closely confined, without food but just suffi- i
cient to support life, for more than fifteen months,
and was released when General Sherman's army
marched into South Carolina.
In this service he invariably reported to General
Hunter, General Saxton, General Benham, or Gen-
eral Terry, and received nothing as pay except the
necessary outfit of arms and subsistence.
The committee have carefully collected this history
from Major General Hunter himself, from General
0. 0. Howard, and from Chaplain Mansfield French,
who was present and had knowledge of the circum-
stances here detailed.
At the time when this claimant was employed by
General Hunter that officer states that he had not in
his possession secret service money in order to pay
him, and that he is well aware that he never was
paid for the important services thus rendered.
Owing to his captivity the claimant lost his health
and strength, and now remains broken and almost
physically incapacitated from manual labor.
From these considerations, the committee recom-
mend that a bill be passed for his relief, appropriat-
ing SI,000 in compensation for his services as scout
and spy in South Carolina during the war for the
suppression of the slaveholder's rebellion.
Mr. HARDING. I now ask the Clerk to
read the letter of General Hunter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Dear General: Tho bearer. Walter D. Plowden,
a colored man from South Carolina, was in my em-
ploy as a'spy when I commanded during the rebel-
lion in that State. He was sent a number of times
within the rebel lines, always bringing valuable
information, until he was finally captured and de-
tained as a prisoner. Plowden never received com-
pensation for his services, and is now an applicant
to Congress for remuneration. I do not know of any
more just claim against the Government; and if you
can assist him you will greatly oblige me, and con-
fer a great favor on a very worthy man.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
most obedient servant, D. HUNTER,
Brevet Major General United States Army.
General A. C. Harding,
United States House of Representative$■.
Mr. HARDING. I demand the previous
question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
42, noes 42.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Harping were appointed.
The House again divided; and there were—
ayes 44, noes 51.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be
recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING. I move that the report
be printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. mary harris-
Mr. HARDING, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1324) for the
relief of Mrs. Mary Harris, of Oregon ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the "Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay out of any money not otherwise
appropriated the sum of $786 30 to the appli-
cant, widow of George W. Harris, late of the
State of Oregon, in her own right, for supplies
furnished and services rendered volunteers in
the Oregon Indian war of 1856.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
b. b. french.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1325) for
the relief of B. B. French; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to B. B. French, late Commissioner of
Public Buildings, for service performed from
the 2d to the 14th days of March, 1867. inclu-
sive, for which he has not been paid, frhe sum
of eighty-five dollars*
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read the
report.
Mr. MERCUR. There is a report, but I
will state the facts in a word. On the 2d of
March, 1867, Congress passed a law abolishing
the office of Commissioner of Public Buildings,
but no military officer was detailed to take
charge of the office until the 14th of March.
The Secretary of the Interior requested Mr.
French to retain possession of it during that
interval, which he did. The Secretary of the
Treasury declined paying him for that service.
This bill proposes to pay him for those twelve
days' service. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise thepoint of order
that this contains an appropriatioa, and must
receive its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. The objection comes too
late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules ^hat' th£
objection comes too late. •
Mr. UPSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
what service Mr. French performed
Mr. MERCUR. He took charge of the refe-
cords and continued to discharge the duties of
the office for twelve days.
Mr. UPSON. I understand the duties were
simply nominal.
Mr. MERCUR. He was requested by the
Secretary of the Interior to retara possession,
and he did, so far as he could, dischaige all „
the duties during the interval. The sum appro-
priated is a very small one, a meager pittance
only, being the amount which his salary would
amount to for so many days.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me if the
Chair will consider a moment his ruling, he
will findthat itpreventsany bill frombeingsent
to the Committee of the Whole, because if the
point of order must be made before anything
is heard on the subject of the bill no objection
will be likely to be made. It is only after we
have heard a bill explained a little that we must
decide whether it should go to the Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman renews
the point of order. The Chair again overrule^
it on the ground that the point must be made
when bills are reported at the Clerk's desk.
After debate has commenced, if it is only one
sentence, it is to late. The gentleman frot$
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] rose to explain
the bill, and proceeded some time before thd
gentleman made the point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the previous
question will not be sustained.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. MERCUR, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following cases, ana
the same were laid on the table:
The petition of Rowland Hemphill, for relief;
The petition of James Crux, for compensa-
tion for property taken and destroyed by the
Army of the United States;
The petition of Thomas H. Mules ;
The petition of Jojin H. Garges;
House bill No. 709, for the relief of Margaret
Ward;
The petition of J. S. Jackson;
The petition of Mary G. Williams, of Cum-
berland county, Kentucky, praying for com-
pensation for a horse pressed by the United
States authorities; and
House joint resolution No. 78, for the relief
of Gallus Kirchner.
anthony bucher.
Mr. HARDING, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1326) for the relief
