1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15#T
lines, and that their improvements are not going
into the hands of someone who has done noth-
ing to improve the valleys of that vast section
of country. 1 trust that the amendment offered
by thegentleman from Montana will beadopted,
and l*appeal to the members of the House not
to make this discrimination against that Ter-
ritory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose
of 'closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
fieijb reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the special order under considera-
tion, being House bill No. 818, making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1869, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
the civil appropriation bill; and pending that
motion I move that all debate upon the para-
graphs relating to the survey of the public
lands be closed in one minute after_ the com-
mittee shall resume the consideration of the
same.
Mr. MUNGEN. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. _
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and it
was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. It. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th ot June, 1869, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is to be closed
in one minute, by order of the House, on the
paragraphs relating to surveying the public
lands. The pending question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Montana
Territory, [Mr. Cavanacgh.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was sorry
that there was a necessity for closing the debate
on this proposition. But the gentleman from
Montana did not seem to be satisfied with the
•wish of the House twice expressed, and insists
upon moving other amendments to this para-
graph.
Mr. HOLBROOIv. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washborne] has not yet answered
my question; and I again ask him to do so._ I
want him to tell this House why this discrim-
ination is made against Montana Territory?
They have reported in favor of $15,000 for
Washington Territory, $25,000 for Oregon,
$15,000 for Idaho Territory, $25,000 for Col-
orado Territory, &c., while only $5,000 is
appropriated for Montana Territory I
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. AVe found
there was no land to be surveyed there, and
therefore there was no necessity for any appro-
priation for that purpose.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The gentleman as
mistaken in his statement; there is a great deal
ol' good land there—more than one third of
the vast Territory is susceptible of the highest
state of cultivation—more so than that portion
of Illinois in the immediate vicinity of the
gentleman's own home.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Cavanaugh, and upon a
division there were—ayes 53, noes 45.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio, and Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, were ap-
pointed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope' members
will vote for this amendment, and that it will
carry.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will not carry.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have been m the
Territory, and know that there are thirty or
forty thousand people there, without a single
acre of land surveyed there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to debate.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 62, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For surveying the public lands in Utah Territory,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per rmlo ior
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, $5,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I move to amend
the paragraph just read by striking out
"$5,000" and inserting " $15,000." I will
say to the members of this committee that the
sum named in this paragraph, $5,000, for the
surveys in my Territory, would accomplish, as
it were, nothing compared with the wants of
the people there. There has been no survey-
ing done by the Government of the United
States iu my Territory for ten or eleven years
past. I ask that the committee will adopt the
amendment I have moved and give to my Ter-
ritory the same amount that it is proposed to
give to Idaho and Montana.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair inadvertently
omitted to state that all debate has been closed,
by order of the House, on the paragraphs
relating to surveying the public lands.
The amendment of Mr. .Hooper, of Utah,
was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
li'or surveying the oastern houndary of Nevada,
estimated four hundred and twenty-flvo miles, at not
exceeding fifteen dollars per mile, $0,375.
Mr. TAFFE. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the paragraph just read the
following:
For surveying the boundary line between the State
of Nebraska and the Territory of Colorado, and that
portion of the western boundary ot the state ot
!webra?ka embraced between the forty-first and
forty-third parallels of latitude, estimated throe
hundred and twenty miles, at not exceeding twenty
dollars per mile, $6,400.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent of the Committee of the Whole to
make a statement in regard to this amend-
ment. , , TT
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate is closed on paragraphs relating to
surveys. The committee, by unanimous con-
sent, cannot set aside an order of the House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will say that this
amendment should be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For repairs and taking care of tho bridge at or
near the Little Falls of the Potomac river, $26,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read. There is now a proposi-
tion embraced in a bill pending before the
Committee for the District of Columbia for
constructing a bridge on the piers of what is
known as "the aqueduct bridge," between
Georgetown and the Virginia shore of the
Potomac. If a bill for that purpose shall be
passed by Congress, then neither the bridge at
Little Falls, known as the " Chain Bridge,"
nor Long Bridge, below the aqueduct bridge,
will be required, as the new aqueduct bridge
will answer all purposes ior the use of the
PUMr?*RAUM. Suppose this bill should not
go through Congress?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then the appropria-
tion here proposed can be brought forward
hereafter in the deficiency bill. It is not ex-
pected that this appropriation will be used
before next summer, as it is to meet antici-
pated expenditures for repairs during the next
fiscal year.
Mr. HARDING. Will my colleague allow
me to ask Mm a question?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. H A RDING. 1 desire to ask what public
law requires this?
Mr. INGERSOLL. That question would be
better addressed to the gentleman who has
special charge of this subject, although, I sup-
pose, I can answer it. This bridge at the Lit-
tle Falls of the Potomac was built by the Gov-
ernment of the United States in pursuance of
law, and from time to time these appropria-
tions have been made, varying in amount, for
the purpose of making the repairs required to
be made. That is all the law there is on the
subject.
Now, sir, I want to state to this committee
that the bridge crossing the Potomac, known
as the Long Bridge, is an old structure and
sadly out of repair. Congress may appropriate
$25,000 each year for repairs of that structure,
and still have no safe bridge. In the course
of a few years it will be necessary to build a
new bridge somewhere across the Potomac
for the convenience of the public. A new
bridge will cost at least $1,000,000. The
Chain Bridge is, in my opinion, nearly worth-
less for the use of the public, being too far up
the Potomac. The repairs of this bridge for a
single year cost, as appears by this bill, $26,000.
These expenditures for repairs are, in my
opinion, about equivalent to throwing the
money away. I think this appropriation ought
to bo stricken out; ior, if the proposition now
under consideration in t'.e Committee for the
District of Columbia shall be adopted, we shall
have a durable structure, which will cost the
Government of the United States less in the
aggregate than the appropriations that will
have to be made within the next five or at the
outside ten years for patching up the Long
Bridge and the Chain Bridge, and even with
these repairs we shall have no safe structure at
last. I ask my colleague, [Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois,] who has chargeot'this bill, whether
he is not willing that this appropriation should
be stricken out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
interest in thismatter; I care nothing about it. I
suppose the Committee of the Whole would be
very reluctant to strike out an appropriation
of $26,000, as it would be so much less taken
out of the Treasury. [Laughter.] But I think
I understand the reason why my colleague
[Mr. Ingersoll] desires that it should be
stricken out. The object is to open the way
for a big job of several million dollars for
building another bridge. Perhaps it might
suit the purposes of the Committee^ of the
Whole to strike out this appropriation for
repairs, and then get out of the Treasury sev-
eral millions instead of $20,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I trust my colleague
will let me reply to that remark.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I will after
I get through. The Committee on Appropri*
ations had before them the chief engineer,
General Michler, and questioned him partic-
ularly in reference to this bridge. t He con-
vinced them, much against their will, that it
was necessary to put in this item. Afterward
my attention was called to the matter, a.nd 1
asked General Michler to write me a letter
stating the particular reasons for making this
appropriation. He has sent me a letter which
1 shall ask the Clerk to read. I will only add
that this is the bridge over which almost all of
the travel, the marketing, cattle, &c., comes
into Washington and Georgetown from south
of the Potomac. I now ask the Clerk to read
the letter of General Michler.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office of PubucBuildings, Grounds, a.nd Works,
Washington, February 25, loo®.
Sir- In roply to your verbal inquiry, X beg leave to
state that the appropriation foi the repairs aud tak-
ing care of the bridge at or near the tails of the Po
tomae is absolutely necessary, an tho bridge is incon-
stant and great use. A very, large number—in tact
nearly all the cattle from Virginia tor the Woshington
and Georgetown markets crossover it. and daily a
very large number of wagons loaded with produce.
