1508
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
On several occasions accurate counts liave been kept
of the number of wagons, homed cattle,^., tha.fe
have passed over this bridge. For the weekending
February 15, 1807, the following is a copy of the re-
port of tbo laborer in charge, namely:
Toams and wagons, 1,611; horses and wagons, 3,808;
Government wagons and teams, 57; cattle, 728; sheep,
633; foot passengers, 668.
On one single day it has been reported that six
hundred cattle passed over the bridge. The bridge
has been built at a great cost to the Government, and
should therefore be keptin repair.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
N. MICHLER,
Brevet Brigadier General United States Army.
Hop. Eli iru T3.\\rashrwrhv, Committee on Appropria-
tions, House of Representatives,
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, I wish
to state in reply to my colleague, [Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois,] and to the statement of
General Michler, that the reason why travel
goes over this bridge is because the aqueduct
bridge at Georgetown is no longer in a condi-
tion to be used for travel. My colleague is
aware that at the commencement of the war
the water was drawn off from the aqueduct, and
that it was used as a bridge for military and
other purposes. When that aqueduct was used
as a bridge, the travel over it was largely in
excess of the travel over the Little Falls bridge.
There is no doubt it would be much more con-
venient for travel to cross at the aqueduct bridge
than at tlie Little Falls bridge. Jf the proposi-
tion for the construction of abridge where the
aqueduct now is be adopted, I will inform my
colleague that it will not costa million or even
half a million dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Howmuch,
then?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Two hundred thousand
dollars. Fifty thousand dollars is appropri-
ated every year for the repair of these two old
bridges, and in four years we expend §200,000
for that purpose. Instead of an old, ricketty
bridge, for the same money we will have a,fine
new one. It will be built upon piers that cost
a million and a quarter of money, but which
will cost the Government nothing. It will be
an increased convenience to travel, while it
will supersede those now in use. It is a very
poor reason that General Michler assigns, that
because these old bridges have cost money we
are therefore bound to keep them up; that they
are to be kept up for that reason, and not be-
cause the Government or the public interest
demands them. I ask that these approriations
shall be stricken out of this bill until after the
proposition has been introduced to which I
have referred. Gentlemen will have a chance
fully to discuss it. If it be rejected, then these
appropriations can be brought forward in the
deficiency bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi nois. If they are
stricken out of this bill I give notice that I
shall oppose their introduction into the defi-
ciency hill. He can strike them out or not, but
I give him this notice.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike them
out for the reason I have given.
Mr. COVODE. I move to reduce the appro-
priation five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say, in reply to the
gentleman from Illinois, that my experience
here has been that when the Government un-
dertakes a work to cost $200,000 it is more
than likely it will cost, before it is completed,
$2,000,000. We have an example in the
water-works for this city. We have witnessed
the same thing in the construction of this Cap-
itol building, and, indeed, in all the improve-
ments that have been carried on in the Dis-
trict of Columbia for many years. Now we
are to have a proposition brought before us to
build a new bridge, which I am sure will cost
us $2,000,000 before it is completed. The
time, sir, has come for us to consider how long
the country will stand the imposition of bur-
dens of taxation upon them for the purpose of
these works for the people of Washington.
Ho>v long will our people stand it.
Gentlemen who have read sacred as well as
Erofane history can recall instances when the
eavy taxation of the extremities for the adorn-
mentand pride of the center has resulted in an
uprising of the people to relieve themselves from
tlie burden. Look at the history of Jerusa-
lem. King Solomon, wiser, it is said, tluitany
of us, taxed the outside tribes to make Jeru-
salem and Judea the glory of the whole earth,
just as we tax all the States to build up the glory
of Washington, and what was the result ? The
people clamored against it, but, he heeded them
not. ITewenton taxingto beautify Jerusalem,
and the resultwas that it "busted up" the ten
tribes of Israel. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, I enter my solemn protest
here and now against a continuation of the
policy that " busted up" the Jewish nation and
forced the ten tribes to sever their connection
from their seat of government. If Solomon,
with all his wisdom, taken in connection with
the pride the Jews had in the great temple and
the city of Jerusalem, lost his power over the
people by taxing the ten tribes so heavily that
they revolted and left Judea and Jerusalem
"high and dry," what may we expect if we
persist in this folly and wickedness? [Laugh-
ter.] I again, in the name of my constituents,
who have furnished over twelve thousand men
to put down the rebellion, enter my protest
against their being oppiessed for the benefit
of the people of this District. Of course I
have not time in live minutes to go into profane
history.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
For repairs of the Long Bridge across tho Potomac
river, §15,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
strike that out, and wish to say a few words.
I have before me a statement, from which it
appears there has been paid out of the Treas-
ury on the Long Bridge across the Potomac
and others $377,112 65.
The letter is as follows :
Treasury Department, Register's Office,
February 27,1868.
Statement showing the amount of money that has
been paid out of the Treasury for the construction
and repair of the Long Bridge across tho Potomac,
namely:
Amount expended on account of Potomac (Long)
Bridge:
On account of purchase of rights of Washington
Bridge Company for erection of bridge on the sito
thereof in 1832 to 183-1  $17,000 00
On account of loss incurred in malting
preparations to build a bridge across the
Potomac river at Washington in 1831  13,854 74
On account ot miscellaneous items  174 87
On account of construction of bridge across
Potomac river   129,981 38
$191,010 99
Amount expended on account of repairs of the
Potomac (Long) Bridge by special appropi-ia-
ations  883,627 00
Thero has also been expended, under act of 3d
March, 1855, and subsequent acts, the sum of $102,-
504 66 for the general account of repairs of tho Po-
tomac, Navy-Yard, and upper bridges.
N. L. JEFFRIES, Register.
Will the committee answer why it is that we
should pay out of the national Treasury the
money necessary to keep m repair all these
bridges?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will answer that ques-
tion. During the live years of the war the
Government, in the use of these bridges, wore
them out to a greater extent than the ordinary
travel of the public would in twenty-five years.
That is a reason why the Government should
make the bridges good, even if there were no
other reason.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
if it be true that the Government lias worn out
these bridges, it is equally true that the Gov-
evernment has built and kept them in repair.
But now the war is over and the Government
has no use for this Long Bridge. [ would
be very glad if some gentleman on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations or for the District
of Columbia would tell me why it is we should
tax our constituents to keep up bridges for the
accommodation of the people of this city? It
is a fact that I desire should be borne in re-
membrance that the taxation for the last nine
years in this city has averaged only eiglity-six
cents upon $100 of taxable property, at a
valuation of not more" than ono half its actual
value, so that the actual taxation for this city
has been less than forty-three cents on $100,
while the constituents of almost every member
on this floor have been taxed, instead of forty-
three cents, two dollars on 55100, or two per
cent. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. In-
gersouJ told us, in his remarks yesterday, that
we ought to pay a portion of the expenses-of
this city, because we have So0,000,000of Gov-
ernment property here. The fact he states is
true, but the reason assigned by the gentleman
for asking the Government to pay local ex-
penses will not bear the test of scrutiny. Why
should we tax our constituents to pay the local
expenses of this city because the Government
owns property here? The public buildings are
not taxed in any city of the Union. The peo-
ple of every State and of every city of the
Union are taxed to build, repair, and take care
of their public buildings.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose
the amendment and ask for a vote.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, it was disagreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to strike
out ".§15,000" and insert " §10,000" for the
purpose of further answering the argument of"
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ikgbrsqix.J
I was remarking that the people of every city
and State of the Union are taxed to build, re-
pair, and take care of their public buildings.
But in this city the citizens are not taxed either
to build, repair, or take care of our public
buildings. The Government built the court-
house and public offices for this District, and
now pays the courts for administering justice
here. Every public building of the Govern-
ment in Washington has been constructed, re-
paired, and preserved at the cost- of the people
of the country. These public buildings orna-
ment the city, and the officers that fill them
expend immense sums every day, which goes
to the benefit of citizens here.
Mr. BLAINE. Are the people of Colum-
bus, Ohio, taxed to keep up the public build-
ings?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. They are taxed
to build and maintain their county and city pub-
lic buildings, but not the buildings of the na-
tion. They are taxed, in common with the peo-
ple of the State, to keep the State House in order,
and they, in common with the constituents of
the gentleman from Maine, and of every other
member on this floor, are taxed to build, re-
pair, and take care of the public buildings at
this capital. The ordinary public buildings
of the counties throughout the Union are
erected and maintained at the cost of the peo-
ple of the counties, and the public buildings
of the cities are built, repaired, and taken eare
of at the expense of those cities. Sir, I do
not ask that the people of this city shall con-
tribute to erect the public buildings of this
Government—and they have not contributed
to build, as a'general rule, the local public
buildings—but I do ask that they shall be taxed
to pay the local expenses of their own city,
and particularly of lighting their own avenues,
repairing their local bridges, built, as they
were, at the expense of the Government, and
now daily guarded by a police paid from tho
national Treasury.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Are not the people of this
District also taxed to maintain the public ex-
penses of the Government in the way of the
erection of the public buildings and the care
of them?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. How much
are they taxed? The Government pays so
much of their purely local expenses that tax-
ation here is merely nominal—their national
taxation is comparatively small.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Just as much, in pro-
portion, as anybody else.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The point I
am making is this i that we ought not to take
