IB68.
mm CONGRESSIONAL G-LQjffB.
150#
from the Treasury of the United States money
to erect structures which are purely for local
purposes in this District." I atn not asking that
the people of this city shall be taxed to protect
our public buildings, but I am asking now that
my constituents shall not be taxed to erect
structures that are purely of a local character
and for the local benefit for the people of the
District. I wish to place them precisely on
the same footing as to their local public works
as my constituents are placed in regard to
their local public works.
Here is a vast city drawing more material
and pecuniary benefits from this Government
than all the cities of the Union, and contribut-
ing almost nothing to the national Treasury,
paying an annual tax of less than fifty cents
on the $100 of the real value of their taxable
property, while other cities are taxed on an
average about two per cent, on the taxable
value of their property. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] advocates a system
which exempts the people of this city from
taxation_ for much that is purely local and
leaves his own constituents and mine to be
taxed, not only for their own general and local
expenses, but also for the local expenses here.
Sir, this ought not to be, and I appeal to gen-
tlemen upon this floor, and especially to my
colleague, who is on the Committee for the
District of Columbia, [Mr. Welker,] to see
to it that his constituents and mine are not
taxed to erect, repair, and take care of struc-
tures here which ate purely local in their char-
acter. Every city of the West would readily
agree to receive the capital, and instead of
asking to be quartered like a huge pauper on
the Treasury would pay a bonus to get it.
Mr. WASHBQRNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose
of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Ixgersolt, having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Scofield reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the special
order under consideration, being House bill
No. 818, making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1869, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
the civil appropriation bill; and pending that
motion I move that all debate upon the para-
graphs on pages 16 and 17 of the bill be closed
in five minutes after the committee shall resume
the consideration of the same.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I hope that motion will
not prevail.
_ Mr. WASHBUENB, of Illinois. How much
time does the gentleman want?
Mr. VAN WYCK. None on the pending
paragraph. I would like to say a few words
in regard to an item on page 17.
Mr. WASHBUENB, of Illinois. Then I will
modify my motion and move to close debate at
once on all the paragraphs on page 16.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and
it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair;) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and for
other purposes.
The amendinent proposed by Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio, was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
3?or fuel for the President's House, $5,000.
Mr. PEICE. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking out " $5,000" and inserting
" $1,000" in lieu thereof; and I do it for the
purpose of asking the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. WasiibdrneJ what he proposes to do with
six hundred and twenty-five tons of coal to heat
one house in this latitude?'
Mr. WASHBURNE, of -Illinois. The in-
formation which the Committee on Appropri-
ations had upon this subject was from General
Michler. They thought the appropriation very
large, and called his attention to it. We found
that it has been the usual appropriation, and,
strange as it may seem to my friend from Iowa,
he says the entire amount of fuel is consumed,
and 1 have no doubt of it, as it is a very hot
place up there. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. Allow me to say, in reply, that
I am quite willing to keep the President warm,
but I would undertake to keep him warm on half
that money in a much colder latitude than this
is for two years.
Mr. PRUYN. This includes the green-
house as well as the President's House.
Mr. RAUM. The appropriation is for next
year.
Mr. PRICE. I do not care what year it is
for.
The question was taken on Mr. Price's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, including
cleaning sewer-traps, new crossings, &c., $20,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE,_ of Ohio. I move to
strike that paragraph from the bill. The acting
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
agrees to that.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to—ayes 65, noes 31.
The Clerk read the following:
For manure for the public grounds and reserva-
tions and cartago of the same, $2,000.
Mr. SELYE. I move to strike out the
manure. [Laughter.] I desire to say 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment of Mr. Selye was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
i'or carc of the Circle, $1,000.
Mr. COVODE. I move to amend this clause
so that it will read, "for swinging around the
circle, $3,000." I think this clause as it now
stands is rather indefinite. If it has reference
to what is popularly known as "swinging
around the circle," then $1,000 is not enough
to pay the bill that was left unpaid at Pittsburg
alone. [Laughter.] That is in my immediate
neighborhood, arid I want to see the St. Charles
hotel bill paid. [Laughter.] However, I will
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SELYE. I move to amend by inserting
the word "Golden" before the word "Circle."
I want to know what kind of circle is here re-
ferred to? Can my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Inqersoll] give me any information on that
point?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I refer the gentleman
to my colleague from the Fulton district, [Mr.
Ross.]
The amendment of Mr. Selye was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For laying pavement through the Mai! along Sixth
street south, opened by act of Congress approved
March 2,18S7, $2,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
strike out the paragraph just read. I am not
in favor of cutting down any expenses for this
city or elsewhere unless I become satisfied that
they should be reduced. But I submit to gen-
tleman whether we ought to appropriate money
out of the Treasury of the United States to
pave the streets of Washington ? It is more
than enough if we take care of Pennsylvania
avenue—pave it, repair it, and light it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. But you have struck
out the appropriation for Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. We have made
appropriations for that purpose for years; not
by my vote, however; and now I appeal to
members on this floor not to take money out
of tie pockets of their Constituents to pave the
streets of this City. AS I understand'it, the
acting-chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] does not desire this appropria-
tion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then why did he report
it in this bill ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. He reported
it by direction of the committee, I suppose. I
should like to have some reason given why we
should pave the streets of this city, and streets,
too, along which we have no public buildings.
A street in which the Government of the Uni-
ted_ States has n*o earthly interest, and from
which our constituents can derive no benefit.
I now yield to my colleague, [Mr. Welker,]
for I have faith in his judgment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then you will vote for
the appropriation.
Mr. WELKER. _ By the act of Congress
referred to in this item, Sixth street is to be
extended through one of the public squares or
reservations. This appropriation is to lay the
pavement through that public square, the Gov-
ernment owning both sides of the street. But
I do not see any necessity of this $2,000 at this
time for this purpose in the present condition
of our finances.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will my col-
league [Mr. Welker] allow me a question?
Mr. WELKER. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Is not the ex-
tension of Sixth street for the benefit of the
city rather than for the benefit of the Govern-
ment?
Mr. WELKER. Sixth street formerly term-
inated at this public square. It was extended
through that square for the benefitof property-
holders on both sides of the square.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to this item being struck out.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I object to it,
and I want to make a remark or two about it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
does not seem to be aware of the fact that the
Government of the United States, by contract
with the city of Washington, agreed at the
outset to take care of the avenues of the city
and pave them.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. This Sixth
street is not an avenue, and I deny that the
Government ever made such contract. A law
once making provision to pave streets is not a
contract.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I know that as
well as the gentleman does. But the Govern-
ment also agreed to pay its proportion of the
cost of paving streets where they extend through
or by the side of public reservations. This
street extends through a public reservation,
and the extension was made by act of Con-
gress, for which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] probably voted. That act pro-
vided that the extension should be made, and
this item is to make the appropriation to carry
that act into execution. Yet the gentleman
objects to it. Now, sir, the authorities of
Washington had nothing to do with laying out
thiscity. TheGovernment of the United States
accepted the grant from Virginia and Mary-
land, and laid out the city according to its
notions of taste and propriety. In laying it
out the Government made these expensive ave-
nues from one hundred and sixty feet to three
hundred feet in width. Now, would it be fair
to call upon the people of this District to pay
the expense of paving these magnificent ave-
nues that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Law-
kence] may travel up and down them in his
coach at his pleasure? [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield now.
This is a straggle on the part of the gentle-
man from Ohio to outshine my colleague [Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois] in his efforts toward
economy; but I do not think he can do that.
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, it would be a breach
of good faith, it would be a violation of the
