1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3557
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to yield to me for five
minutes.
Mr. DELANO. I will do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I desire to make a few remarks upon this
bill and the proposition which has been offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,]
the more particularly as the remarks of my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] have
—I do not say intentionally—tended to pre-
judice the House in reference to my position
on this subject. I do not think I can better
state my position than by reading a brief ex-
tract from the views which I have heretofore
submitted as expressing the reasons of my dis-
sent from the opinions of my colleagues on the
committee. Before referring to that document
I will say a single word. I do not deny that
this bill proposes appropriations for many ob-
jects which I think meritorious and worthy the
approval of the House. But I am opposed to
the measure as a whole; and although it con-
tains items in which my constituents have the
greatest possible interest, items of the greatest
possible merit, yet rather than consent that
those meritorious propositions shall be used
to carry through all the riff-raff in this bill, I
will vote against the whole bill and take the
responsibility before my constituents.
In the statement to which I have already
referred I said:
"My first objection is, that there is no money in the
Treasury to meet the amount appropriated by the
bill, and 1 am opposed to borrowing money for the
purpose of meeting appropriations which are not
absolutely required for the public interest. The
amount appropriated and assumed by this bill is
ib,150,500. With the reduction of taxes and the rob-
beries of the revenue by whisky, tobacco, custom-
house, and other rings, the receipts of revenue must
inevitably fall short of the amounts appropriated by
Congress, and the credit of the Government will be
ruined, and we will be disgraced as a nation.
" Though it is a bad time for the Government to
extend this system of improvement of rivers and
harbors, I am willing to make reasonable appropri-
ations forcontinuingoperationson works of national
importance, and for harbors of refuge for the protec-
tion of commerce. Many of the items in the bill are
for merely local improvements, and in which com-
merce has no general interest, and I am opposed to
taking money nut of the public Treasury for the pur-
pose of benefitmg particular localities, and which
would be no benelit to the public at large."
I now wish to call attention of the House
to what we are entering upon if we pass this
bill. I wish the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] would tell the House the
amount of appropriations which we are com-
mitted to by the passage of this bill. The
second item in the appropriation is $40,000
for the improvement of the Wisconsin river.
Now, General Warren estimates that to com-
plete the work will cost from two to throe
million dollars.
But look down a little further. "For im-
provement of the harbor of Ontonagon, Lake
Superior, §20,000." It will take $292,000 to
complete that work, and we shall have another
appropriation to make at the next session,
and so on session after session clear through.
Then we have "for improvement of Pere Mar-
quette harbor, Michigan, $20,000." It will
take, according to the report of the engineer
department, $985,000 for that.
But I cannot go through with all these items
in live minutes. I wish gentlemen to look at
the bill, and tell us if they can what th'ey know
about them. For instance, here is the harbor
of Pere I^arquette, in Michigan. Where is
Pere Marquette ? What interest have the peo-
ple at large in making an appropriation of
$20,000 for this harbor for a work which is
going to cost $385,000? I believe there is
scarcely a settlement at that place. We are
appropriating money for a harbor for the ben-
efit of parties interested and in which the pub-
lic have no general interest at all. Again,
where is Muskegon harbor? What do we
know about that?
Mr. FERRY. Does the gentleman ask for
information?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. I propose to answer the in-
quiries of the gentleman from Illinois as well
as I can in the time allotted to me. He wants
to know where the harbor of Pere Marquette
is. Why, sir, in 1866 he had an appropriation
in his bill for the harbor of Marquette, in the
State of Michigan.
Mr. EGGLESTON. And voted for it, too.
Mr. ELIOT. And the gentleman last year
and the year before voted for an appropriation
for that same point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the
gentleman certain of that?
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman deny it?
He will find if he looks at the records that he
reported a bill 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
know whether the gentleman refers to Mar-
quette or Pere Marquette?
Mr. ELIOT. 1 did not undertake to inter-
rupt the gentleman when he was speaking, and
I do not propose to be interrupted myself. I
see in that "one-horse" bill which the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Washbubne, of
Illinois] has reported no principle upon which
it can be justified. If there is no money in
the Treasury then let the bill which the com-
mittee has reported be laid on the table. If
there is no money, and nothing can be appro-
priated, then let us appropriate nothing. But
in reference to the bill which the gentleman
himself has reported, after long deliberation,
from the minority of the committee, there is
no theory upon which it can be defended that
will not also justify the appropriations asked
for in the bill which the majority of the com-
mittee has reported.
The gentleman says we are entering upon a
course of large expenditure. Do we not all
understand that that must necessarily be so,
and that it was so when we first determined
upon these works in the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress? Do not gentlemen understand that the
policy of improving rivers and harbors in this
country must involve the expenditure of a large
amount of money? I say we ought, as one of
the natural, proper, and regular expenses of
the Government, to appropriate some three
million five hundred thousand to four million
dollars annually for these works for some years
to come. We are met every year with this same
opposition.
I agree now that the judgment of the House
may as well be ascertained upon this proposi-
tion to recommit as to go on and debate the
bill item by item. I do not propose to tell the
gentleman from Illinois where Pere Marquette
harbor is until we come to the discussion of
the bill in its regular order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He cannot
tell.
Mr. ELIOT. -I will tell the gentleman more
than he knows ; and when we come to the dis-
cussion of this appropriation, if I cannot defend
it let it be rejected. I do not propose to take
the bill up now and undertake in five minutes
to defend it item by item.
Mr. FERRY. W'll the gentleman allow me
to answer the gentleman from Illinois. [Mr.
Washbuhxe,] and tell him where Pere Mar-
quette is ?
Mr. ELIOT. Why, I suppose the gentleman
from Illinois really knows ; 1 suppose he knows
something. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERRY. I can show him the locality
of Pere Marquette, and the necessity for the
expenditure.
Mr. ELIOT. Go on, sir, if you will take
my time.
Mr. FERRY. I do not wish to take the
gentleman's time, hut at the proper time I will
seek to answer the gentleman, and state^to the
House not only where Pere Marquette is, but
show the necessity for an appropriation in
order to keep up the works that have been
started by the Government, and prevent the
waste of the appropriations already made.
Mr. ELIOT. I believe that there is no appro-
priation called for here that is not needed by
the general interests of commerce. The gen-
tleman from Illinois has always been of the
belief that he now is, as I understand from him
in his report, that appropriations ought not to
be called for where local interests, aud loc^il
interests only, are involved. I agree with the
gentleman fully, and 1 will undertake, as far as
I may, to satisfy the House on each of the
items I have recommended that the general
interests of commerce require that the appro-
priations shall be made. Whether we ought to
spend one dollar now or postpone the whole
thing is a question for the judgment of the
House. In my belief it would be a policy most
disastrous to the material interests of the coun-
try, and mainly of the West and of the North-
west, to postpone the work which has been
commenced under the care and jurisdiction of
the engineer department. Sir, I do not think
that it can be needful for me to say more at
this time on the general question.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the substi-
tute by striking out the last word. I wish to
reply more particularly to the remarks which
have fallen from the lips, of my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe.] I have in my
hand his bill, reported by the minority of the
committee. I am opposed to it. I am in favor
of the bill now before the House reported by
the committee. He tells us that he has within
his own district, and in his own State, interests
of the greatest magnitude which he would be
glad to see fostered if they could be fairly and
properly fostered by such a bill as this. But
he is unwilling to ask Congress to gratify or
benefit his constituents or the people of his
State at such an expense to the country at large
as would be involved in the other appropria-
tions embraced in the bill of the committee;
he is unwilling to saddleupon the country such
an enormous expense, even for the purpose of
securing for his own constituents and the people
of his own State appropriations to which he
believes them to be justly entitled. He is not
willing that his claims, which he believes to be
just, should carry so many claims which he
believes to be unjust. Now, I ask the House
to look at the bill reported by the minority of
the committee, that is to say, by the gentleman
from Illinois, and see how he is inclined to
sacrifice the interests of his State and district
in order to avoid overwhelming the country
with the extravagant appropriations made by
this bill. The bill contains, among others,
twenty-two small appropriations for twenty-
two harbors on Lake Michigan. They are cut
down, some one half, some three fourths, some
four fifths below the appropriations recom-
mended by the proper officers of the engineer
department. But when the gentleman comes
in with his substitute, with his minority report,
he omits twenty of those, notwithstanding they
have been reduced one half or two thirds or
more, and all of the twenty that he omits lie
out of his own State. He puts in the only
one that lies in his State, the harbor of Chicago,
and he puts it in for the whole amount esti-
mated by the board of engineers. Chicago
stands in his bill for an appropriation of
$48,000, the entire amount recommended by
the chief of engineers in his first report, the
highest amount estimated in any report.
Then, sir, if you turn to the other appropri-
ations for his own State, you will find that he
allows for operating dredge-boats on the upper
Mississippi river $110,000 ; for the improvement
of Des Moines rapids $400,000; for Bock
Island rapids $100,000, and for the purpose of
completing the reports, maps, and diagrams
for bridges on the Mississippi river, $t5,000.
Now, I should like to know what interest of
his constituentshe has sacrificed for the benefit
of the country? The fact is, that while he has
cast off all the rest of us, this self-sacrificing
gentleman has taken pains, in his substitute,
the provisions of which will be practically car-
ried out if the instructions moved by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] prevail, to
secure every interest of his constituents, which
he professes himself to be so willing and ready
to sacrifice for the public good. Sir, I would
rather see the virtue of economy exhibited in
this House insomeother direction and in some
other spirit thau that which will take away
