1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
solemn pledge and contract of this Govern-
ment with the municipal authorities of this city,
if we should now throw upon the citizens of
this District all the expense. of keeping up the
avenues, reservations, <fcc., within the city. If
the muuicipal authorities of Washington had
laid out the city, would they not have laid it
out to suit themselves, with narrow streets, so
that the expense of paving would have been
within their means? Certainly they would.
All these magnificent reservations, such as
La Fayette square, the Circle, Lincoln reserva-
tion, &c., were donated to the Government by
the original proprietors of the land, with the
understanding that the Government should pay
its share of the expense of maintaining them.
The question now is whether the Government
shall live up to its contract, after having en-
joyed the benefit of this liberality, or whether
it shall violate its plighted faith because the
gentleman from Ohio makes a motion to that
cfjpsct
Mr." WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose of
closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, Mr. Sco-
kield reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the special order under con-
sideration, being House bill No. 818, making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1869,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
the civil appropriation bill; and pending that
motion I move that all debate upon the para-
graphs on page 17, except lines three hundred
and ninety-six and three hundred and ninety-
seven, be closed in five minutes after the com-
mittee shall resume the consideration of the
same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and it
was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and for
other purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Lawrence, of Olno, to strike out the
following paragraph:
For laying pavement through the Mall along Sixth
street south, opened by act of Congress, approved
March 2,1867, 82,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word or two in reply to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ixgeiisolu]
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] yield to me for a ques-
tion ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoi.l,] the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, what are the terms of the contract
which he says was made between the Govern-
ment of the United States and the people of
the District of Columbia. Is it in the shape
of a law, or is it in the terms of the dedica-
tion. or what is its form ? I want to know the
terms of the contract.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I cannot give
up all of my time. I will answer that myself.
I desire to say a word or two in reply to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll.]
He seems to think I am anxious to rival the
claims of the distinguished acting chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois.] I have no aspira-
tions of that kind. I never expect to equal
him in that or in many other things. But, sir,
I am sure of one thing ; there is not a gentle-
man upon this floor who can equal the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoix] in his
persistent efforts to draw money from the public
Treasury for the benefit of this District, in
which his constituents have no interest.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I do not de-
sire to enter into this discussion, but I wish to
ask the acting chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations why it is we have no explana-
tion of the first paragraph of the bill, which is
as follows:
Miscellaneous:
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect the
several acts of Congress authorizing loans and the
issue of Treasury notes, $1,500,000.
Now, what is that for? I want my colleague
to explain that appropriation, so we may know
what it is for. It was passed by rapidly and
without discussion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
to my colleague that the paragraph lie refers
to was thoroughly discussed in the committee
after a full conference as to the facts with the
Treasury Department. I had all the docu-
ments in the House at the time to read in
explanation of the appropriation, if necessary.
We challenged and examined every item. I
regret that my colleague (vas not here at the
time to move an amendment, and call for the
explanation which I was ready to give.
Mr. LOGA>N. I should havedone it if I had
been here. I understand this Printing Bureau
business, and 1 say this money is to be put into
hands where it will be used improperly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. 1 will go with
the gentleman to strike it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The time to which the
debate was limited has expired.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mi'-Lawkexce, of Ohio, and was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For completing the culvert through the Botanic
Garden, $13,000.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to strike that
out.
Mr. Chairman, I find $10,000, then $12,000,
for walling the Tiber, afterward $10,000 to
build culverts, and a little while afterward
$15,000 to build culverts. Here we have
$'25,000 to build culverts passing through a
few feet of the public grounds. 1 should like
to have the acting chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations give us some explanation
of this matter. In eleven years we have appro-
priated $150,000 for this Botanic Garden, that
is, over $13,000 a year, upon this little piece
of ground, for which I have yet failed to see
the necessity. It is of no good whatever,
except occasionally to furnish a nosegay to
somebody. What else it furnishes I do not
know. I think we should stop it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my gay
and festive friend does not know about the
bouquets that gentlemen of the House are in
the habit of getting from that Botanic Garden
I do not know who does. 1 do not profess to
know all about it. I believe this appropria-
tion is necessary as a matter of health. We
found for years the Tiber was a dirty, filthy
stream, producing malaria and fever and ague,
and altogether a fruitful source of disease in
that part of the city. We commenced this
culvert as a sanitary measure to have the Tiber
walled over, and this appropriation is neces-
sary to carry on the work. The committee
examined the subject fully. We had the
Superintendent of the Public Buildings and
Grounds before us. The committee believed
it was necessary to preserve the health of the
city.
Mr. MULLINS. Is it all done at the
expense of the Government, or is part paid by
the city?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is
on a Government reservation entirely.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move pro
forma to reduce the appropriation in order to
say one word. I am told there is no law re-
quiring any accountability for the expenditure
of the moneys appropriated for local improve-
ments in the District.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. In a moment.
That is, when the appropriation is made by
Congress for the District of Columbia, it is ex-
pended under the direction of the city officers,
and they are not accountable to the Govern-
ment. No accounts, in fact, have ever been
rendered to the Government. I speak from
information.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman is in
error there.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. As an exam-
ple, let me state that it was said in the discus-
sion yesterday that this bill proposed to appro-
priate a sufficient sum of money to pay two
thirds of the expense of the city police. Now,
the number of policemen, as furnished to me
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Selye,]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. The gentleman is not
debating the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman is illustrating
his position.
Air. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The number
of policemen is two hundred and thirty-eight.
At ninety dollars per month the total pay is
$256,500. Now, the appropriation we have
made for the polic'eof this city is $211,050, leav-
ing to be paid by the city only $-15,510. These
are the figures which I see in this bill. Let it
bo remembered that the Government is already
provided, at its own expense, with a sufficient
number of policemen to take care of every
public building in this city in addition to all
the public grounds. Now, I would be glad to
have an answer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman's question was in relation to the law—
there being no law. If there is no law, I wish
to inquire of my friend from Ohio, who is on
the Judiciary Committee, why he has not
brought in a law? [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will answer.
That is a work which belongs to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and I appeal
to that committee to report a bill on the sub-
ject.
Sir. INGERSOLL. A law is already ia
existence.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending paragraph.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I withdraw the
amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Van Wyck, it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the further improvement of Lincoln square,
$8,000.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order
by order of the House.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For care, support, and medical treatment of sixty
transient paupers, mcdical and surgical patients, in
some proper mcdical institution in the city of Wash-
ington, under a contract to be formed with such in-
stitution, 5)12,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
Mr. WELKER. I move to strike out that
paragraph. I would like to inquire 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For hire of carts on the public grounds, $3,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend by striking
out that paragraph, for the purpose of asking
a question. I desire to know whether or not,
after this bill has gone through the Committee
of the Whole and is reported to the House, I
can move that the House go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole again for the purpose of
