3558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
everything which my constituents and the peo-
ple of my State need and turn it over to the
people of a State so well represented by that
distinguished gentleman. I make no com-
plaint of the gentleman for seeking to promote
the interests of his constituents and of the peo-
ple of his State ; but I do find fault with him
for undertaking to secure for his constituents,
and lor the people of his State, under the
specious guise of a public economy, all that
he wants /or them, and at the same time strip
from us all that we want and which we so im-
peratively need.
Mr. PILE. The precise question before the
House, as I understand it, is the substitution
of the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Delano] for the bill reported from the
Committee on Commerce. Now, I am opposed
to any such substitution, and I rise to oppose
the amendment for the purpose of making a
few remarks on the general question.
I wish the House to bear m mind that the
question before them is not the adoption of
the substitute in whole, or the adoption of this
hill in whole. If there are items in this bill
which are not meritorious, and for which no
appropriation should be made, then as each
successive item comes up and the facts are
stated it can be retained or stricken out by the
House acting on the bill as in Committee of
the Whole, according as the merits of each
ease may seem to require. And if it be true,
as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
bubne] says, that there are some items in that
bill for which appropriations ought not to be
made, as may be the case, he and other gen-
tlemen can oppose them, and when the facts
are stated the House can act ujwn them. But
if the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Delano] is adopted, and this bill is recommit-
ted to the Committee on Commerce with in-
structions to report a bill in accordance with
the substitute he has proposed, the effect will
be to confine the committee and the House to
the subjects embraced in that substitute when
it is brought back into the House. Now, I
want to know if the House cannot judge as
well of each successive item in this bill as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] or the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne?]
But I have another objection to this substi-
tute. It proposes to appropriate $1,300,000
for rivers and for Hell Gate; that is, for all
the rivers of the United States; and leaves it
discretionary with the Secretary of War where
the appropriation shall be expended. Now,
we do not know, judging from our experience
in the past, who will be Secretary of War in
one, two, or three months from this time.
Every dollar of that appropriation may be
expended upon some single work, in this or
that locality, to the injury of public works now
in process of completion, and which will be
destroyed unless work upon them shall be
prosecuted during the coming season. Can-
not this House judge where appropriations are
needed, and what amounts are required? And
is it not far safer to discuss the different items
here and make the specific appropriations than
to make in a single gross sum an appropriation
for all the rivers of the country, leaving it to
be expended here or there, its disposition to
be affected by the influence and log-rollings that
may be brought to bear upon the Secretary of
War through the Bureau of Engineers. I think
that this House, upon the information furnished
by the Committee on Commerce, who have
gone over this whole field and understand all
the facts, ought to decide upon and designate
specific appropriations for each public work,
as the necessities of the case may require. We
should not make one general appropriation,
embracing the whole river improvements of
the country, leaving that appropriation to be
expended upon one or two works to the exclu-
sion of all others.
I hope, sir, that the motion to recommit will
be voted down. The Committee on Commerce
have gone over this whole subject, and they
have brought in a bill giving the items of appro-
priation—such a bill as they believe is required
by the country for the completion of works of
improvement already in progress, and for the
commencement of new ones.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAILEY. I move to amend the sub-
stitute so that it shall read as follows :
One million dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is hereby appropriated out of any moneys
not already appropriated, for the preservation of
public works commenced, for the improvement of
rivers and harbors, and for the performance of con-
tracts heretofore legally made by the Government for
such works, which money is to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. Speaker, I offer this amendment with an
earnest hope that the House will adopt it. It
seems to me the alternative now presented to
us is this: either we must pass this bill with its
appropriations to the amount of six millions
and more, or we must mutually agree that the
whole subject shall be postponed. On this
point I fully concur with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot.] I do not believe
any other proposition can prevail. If this bill
is postponed, my own State must suffer from
such a course more, perhaps, than any other
State ; but unless we are willing thus mutually
to give up what we want, we must pass the
whole bill. I therefore say that we had better
give up the bill. Most assuredly, sir, this
House ought not to pass this appropriation of
over six million dollars. The money is not in
the Treasury. Every penny of every dollar of
this $6,000,000 must be drawn from the pro-
ductive industry of the country by taxation. In
the present circumstances of the country there
is absolutely no justification for any appropri-
ation of money except under the plea of abso-
lute necessity.
Sir, I am not opposed to internal improve-
ments ; I know how desirable many of these
works are; but I submit that that is not the
question now to bo considered. Other consid-
erations imperatively demand the attention of
Congress and of the country. When we shall
have reestablished the material prosperity of
the land; when we shall have restored the
credit of the Government to its normal posi-
tion, then, and not till then, ought we to un-
dertake works like these. This is no time,
Mr. Speaker, to talk about liberality and gen-
erosity. There is no liberality, no generosity
that wants the element of justice; and will any
one tell me that it is at this time just to tax
our people to the amount of six or seven mil-
lions for the commencement of works of inter-
nal improvement? No, sir; it is not just, and
the people will never so regard it.
Now-, I insist that, as a practical question,
we must either pass this bill, embracing ap-
propriations of $0,000,000, or we must agree
to postpone the subject, and merely 
Mr. EGGLESTON.^ The gentleman will
allow me to correct him. The bill does not
appropriate $6,000,000.
Mr. BAILEY. It appropriates over six
million dollars.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Only $4,580,000.
Mr. BAILEY. I have not time to permit
myself to be interrupted. I desire to ask mem-
bers of this House when they intend to begin
to practice economy? We are always willing
to apply our economical principles to some-
thing indefinite, something not immediately
before us; but when shall we apply them to
an actual case ? Here is a case m which we
can, without injury to the public interests, save
the country at least $6,000,000. Shall we do it?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINEl Mr. Speaker, I desire to call
attention to a statement made by Governor
Seymour in his recent speech at the Cooper
Institute in the city of New York. In arraign-
ing the Republican party for extravagance he
makes the following declaration, as reported in
the New York World, which I hold in my hand:
" Since the war closed in 1865 the Government has
spent for its expenses, in addition to its payment on
principal or interest of public debt, more than one
thousand million dollars. 01 this sum there has been
nearly eight hundred millions spent on the Army
and Navy and for military purposes. This is nearly
one third of the national debt. This was spent in
time of peace."
The charge thus brought by Governor Sey-
mour is that in the three years that have tran-
spired since the war closed our Army and
Navy have cost us eight hundred million dol-
lars, or at the rate of nearly two hundred and
seventy millions per annum in time of pro-
found peace. The statement is cunningly mad©
with the evident purpose of misleading the pub-
lic mind, for while it is quite true that the mil-
itary and naval expenses since the close of the
war have been eight hundred million dollars^
it is absolutely untrue that they have been tw®
hundred and seventy millions per annum'.
When the war closed by the surrender of Lee
on the 9th of April, 1865, the armies of the
Union bore the names of nearly a million men
on the rolls, and our Navy in its vast and
widely-extended duty of blockading three thou-
sand miles of coast, had nearly five hundred
vessels in service, with a corresponding num-
ber of men. The first result of Grant's mag-
nificent series of victories and1 final triumph
over the rebellion was to muster out these count-
less hosts which had borne our standard witb
such glory on the landand on the sea. Months of
pay were due to more than half the Army; th®
well earned closing bounty was due to all, and
the sailors, besides their back pay. were to
receive millions of prize money honestly their
own. The vast and almost incalculable amount
needed to be provided for these purposes must
be had at once, and thanks to the patriotism
and the wealth of our people it was had at
once. I have this morning.visited the Treasury
Department, and by the official' statements
which I hold in my hand it appears that th®
disbursements for the Army and'Navy for the
one hundred and seventy-four days following
Grant's clesing victory amounted to six hun-
dred and twenty-five million dollars. Hence it
will be seen that more than three fourths of the
eighthundred millions so triumphantly paraded
by Governor Seymour as the War and Navy
expenses of the past three' years were really
disbursed almost in- one sum at the elose of
hostilities as the necessary expenses of muster-
ing out our enormous military and naval forces.
To supply this vast sum the current receipts of
the Government were consumed, and the people
directly advanced five hundred and thirty mil-
lions by subscribing that amotnrt tor the ever-
memorable seven-thirty loan.
Do Governor Seymour and his friends find
fanlt with the expenditure thus incurred in
mustering out the Army? Do they begrudge
the soldiers their back pay and1 bounty, and
the sailors their hard-earned wages and their
prize money? If not, let them cease to attack
the Republicans for promptly discharging the
honorary debts-of the' Kepu'bfic, for thus gladly
paying the men who risked their lives to save
the life of the .nation.
Six hundred audtwenty-five millions of Gov-
ernor Seymour's eight hundred millions being
thus expended in mustering out the volunteers,
his own figures show that th*e current and legit-
imate expense of both Army and Navy for
the past three years of peace have been but
one hundred and seventy-five million dollars,
or a little more than fifty-eight millions per
annum for both branches of the service. The
Governor's figures thus reduced are not far
from the truth, and they show a degree of econ-
omy quite unknown in Democratic times. Take
the year 1858 for example, in the administra-
tion of Mr. Buchanan, and we find that the
expenses of the Navy were fourteen millions,
and of the Army nearly twenty-six millions—
for the two well nigh forty millions—and that
was in gold, and with an Army and Navy of
less numbers than have been deemed necessary
for the security of the public peace during the
past three years. Taking the difference in the
amount of force and the fact that the expendi-
tures of Mr. Buchanan's administration were
in coin and the present expenditure in paper,
it will be seen that the result shows strongly
in favor of the economy of Army expenses as
administered by General Grant. The Army
to-day in fact costs much less per regiment in
paper than it cost per regiment in gold under the
