1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3559
last Democratic Administration. So much for
Governor Seymour's figures.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend by reducing the appropriation $5,000.
In the first place I desire to refer to this matter
of Pere Marquette, upon which. I was so flatly
contradicted by my distinguished friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] who said that an
appropriation for Pere Marquette was in the
last river and harbor bill passed by this House,
and that I voted for it. I have that bill beforfe
me, and I can find in it no such appropriation;
and more than that, I was not in the country
when the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT. I referred to the bill passed
when the gentleman was in the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
gentleman prod'uce the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. Why does the gentleman refer
to a bill which he knows is not the bill I
referred to?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man wishes to have it understood that the appro-
priation for Pere Marquette was in a bill for
which I voted. Such is not the fact.
Mr. ELIOT. I did not say the gentleman
voted for a bill passed when he was on the
other side of the Atlantic.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I wish to
reply to my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine. ]
I was astonished that, in alluding to this matter,
he should evince an unfairness which does not
belong to his character. Why did he not tell
the House that Minnesota and Iowa and other
States have just as much interest as the State
of Illinois in the improvement of the Des
Moines and Rock Island rapids? Why did not
the gentleman tell the House that in the bill of
the committee there is appropriated $1,100,000
for those two works? And why did he not tell
the House that in the bill proposed by me I
cut down those appropriations to $500,000?
Mr. PAINE. I would simply say, in answer
to that remark, that while the gentleman cut
them down, he did not serve them as he did
the appropriations for harbors on the lakes,
for those he cut out altogether.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One mil-
lion dollars have been spent upon that work
which is now in progress, and there must be
an appropriaton to carry it forward, or we
shall lose to a great extent what has already
been expended. Now, sir, I do not pretend
to be indifferent to the interests of my own
State ; but I believe that my course heretofore
has shown that I am as quick to resist 'an
appropriation for my own State as for any other
State when I believe the appropriation is not
demanded by the public interests.
I wish I had a little more time to refer to the
specific appropriations proposed in this bill.
Here is one for Pentwater harbor, Michigan.
Where is Pentwater (1 hope some member
from Michigan will tell us) for which we pro-
pose to appropriate $25,000 now, and $827,000
hereafter ? Where is the harbor of Aux Bees
Scies, for which we are to appropriate $10,000
now, and $146,000 hereafter? Where is Saug-
atuck harbor, for which we are to appropriate
$30,000 now, and $212,000 hereafter? Where
is St. Mary's river, for which$20,000 is appro-
priated, and for which will be required here-
after $324,000? Sir, I repeat what my friend
from New York, [Mr. Bailey.] said: where
are we going to stop? Do gentlemen expect
to get this bill through both Houses ? I tell
them if they do get it through it will meet with
a veto from the President, and he will antago-
nize us before the people, and have the advan-
tage of us.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask the gentleman
by what authority he says this bill will be
vetoed ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
authority for it, but I believe that such a bill
as this ought to be vetoed, and I shall sustain
the veto if it is. Look at the third section of
this bill, which provides "that the sum of
$450,000 is hereby appropriated toward com-
pleting the Louisville and Portland canal."
You assume an indebtedness of $1,567,000,
making $2,017,000 appropriated. You assume
that liability in one fell swoop and no report is
before us from the Committee on Commerce,
and we have no information on the subject.
Mr. EGGLESTON. There is a full report
from the engineer, and the gentleman had it a
few minutes ago on his desk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
no report from the Committee on Commerce
in regard to this appropriation of $2,017,000.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Mr. Speaker, in the
few moments allowed me for the discussion of
this important question I shall endeavor to
answer some of the objections that have been
urged against the bilh as reported by the ma-
jority of the Committee on Commerce; for I
assume that the supporters of the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Delano] are opposed to any appropriation
whatever for the improvement of our rivers
and harbors. The Committee on Commerce
has devoted several months to the examina-
tion of this subject, availing themselves of the
reports of the engineer department and of the
opinions and judgments of the Represent-
atives of those sections of the country where
the improvements sought to be made are
located, and have presented their report—or
a majority of that committee—recommending
the appropriation of about six million dollars
for the continuation and completion mainly
of works already commenced, and which they
believe to be of national and- not local import-
ance. The substitute of the gentleman from Ohio
simply makes an appropriation of about two
million dollars, leaving the expenditure, both
as to amount and locality of the work, entirely
iu the discretion of the Secretary of War. It is
not, I apprehend, expected or intended that
the House shall adopt this substitute for the
careful and well-considered bill reported by
the committee; but it is introduced rather as
an indirect, and. I submit, not very fair, way of
defeating any appropriation for these works at
this session. I hope, therefore, that the House
will regard the vote upon this substitute as a
test vote as to whether any appropriation shall
be made, and I doubt not it will.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what are the objections
urged against the bill reported by the commit-
tee ? The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Delaxo] say that there is no money in the
Treasury, and that they are opposed to making
these appropriations for that reason; that we
must wait until the Treasury is replenished. I
answer those gentlemen by saying to them and
to the country that there is as much money in
the Treasury to meet the appropriations made
by this bill as those already made by this Con-
gress for the support and perpetuation of the
Freedman's Bureau, and other similar political
objects. Congress has the power not only to
make appropriations but to provide the means
wherewith to pay; it has the control of the
various expenditures of the Government, sub-
ject only to constitutional restrictions. But the
opponents of this bill say, let us wait another
year, or until a more propitious time. This is a
most dangerous argument, and I warn the true
friends of river and harbor improvements that
if listened to it will inevitably postpone these
works for the next ten years, and perhaps over-
throw the system of internal improvements by
the Government. Will the Treasury be any bet-
ter supplied next year, or within the next ten
years? Will the people be any better able or
more willing to pay taxes hereafter than now?
Judging from our experience for the past three
years, no sane man can doubt that the rev-
enues of the country will diminish rather than
increase for many years to come; and if we
neglect to make the appropriations for the con-
tinuance of these works this year there will
not be another dollar appropriated for them
during the next ten years, and when the work
is again resumed the amount of money required
simply to repair the damage and loss occa-
sioned by the suspension will be sufficient to pay
the interest upon the whole cost of their com-
pletion without delay. It is a false economy,
dangerous to the commercial, agricultural, and
manufacturing interests of the whole country;
and if this Congress shall refuse to make these
necessary appropriations at this session I want
the country to understand that the responsi-
bility of such refusal rests with the Radical
majority in this House.
Mr. Speaker, the opposition to this bill is uot
in the interest of economy or of the country,
but in the interest and for the benefit of the
Radical party. This was not only admitted
but boldly avowed by one of the ablest and
boldest leaders of that party in this House.
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, in his speech
in opposition to this bill last week, said:
" I ask my friends from the N"orthwest which would
they rather do—have these rivers improved this year,
and upon the charge of extravagance which will be
made against us in the country, have power pass out
of our hands, and so prevent future improvements?"
If, therefore, this bill shall be defeated the
people will understand by whom and for what
purpose it was done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. It must be
very plain to the House that this whole question
lies in a nutshell. The proposition is simply
whether we will take up the bill with seventy-
three items in it, and consider them one by
one, and strike out what are wrong and retain
what are proper, or take the bill of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Delano]—I do not know
what to call it; not an " omnibus bill," for it
is not worthy to be called by that name, but a
bill which appropriates in a lump so much for
harbors and so much for rivers without saying
where they are. The gentleman's substitute
does not even say that the rivers are in the
United States of America. It appropriates
about two million dollars without saying even
that it is to be expended on the continent of
America. Is the House prepared for that? I
think they are not prepared for it. I think that
the common-sense way to manage this matter
is to take up the bill as reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, after having been con-
sidered and fully digested by them, and which
was reported unanimously, with one exception,
and go through it item by item ; and if it can-
not be shown that each item of appropriation
called for by the bill is required, strike it out.
We shall know, then, what we are doing. But
the substitute, as I said, does not even say that
the rivers on which the money is to be ex-
pended are in America. It appropriates so
much money for rivers. It may be expended
on the Amazon; it may go to the Nile or to
China. That is an additional reason why I am
opposed to it. If we take the substitute we go
in the dark with our eyes shut, without know-
ing where the money is to be appropriated, to
what uses it is to be applied, or what improve-
ments are to be made. But the bill reported
from the Committee on Commerce is a plain,
common-sense business transaction. It is a
bill of particulars, and you can take up its
seventy-three different items one by one, and
if they are all right and proper, pass them ;
and if they are all wrong, refuse to pass them;
or if any of them are wrong, we can strike
them out and pass the balance. I undertake
to say that there is no other straightforward,
matter-of-fact, common-sense, business wayof
transacting the business except to take the bill
as it comes from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FERRY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I would not now occupy the attention
of the House again upon this subject, for I
alluded to these matters sufficiently, as I sup-
posed, when the specific appropriations were
severally passed upon and adopted when the
bill was up before; but the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburxe] has not only stepped
out of his State, but out of his geographical
knowledge, to put the interrogatories, ''Where
is Manistee harbor?" and ''Where is Pere
Marquette?" and I should be negligent of my
duty if I did not give the gentleman the ne-
cessary information. It is not strange that
