1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
40th Cong....2d Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Willett's Point, the chief depot of engineer
supplies; a second depot has been fixed at
Jefferson barracks, with one company; and a
third, near San Francisco, with one company.
A detachment from the engineer battalion is
at the Military Academy to aid in giving
instruction in practical engineering.
Some legislation for improving the discipline
and instruction of the engineer troops is recom-
mended by the Chief of Engineers, and appears
to be required.
The operations of the corps relating to recon-
noissances and surveys for military and com-
mercial purposes, and to the improvement of
rivers and harbors, have progressed during the
fiscal year in a satisfactory manner.
The maps of the country from the Mississippi
to the Pacific, prepared chiefly from the first-
named surveys, are indispensable to the troops
now occupying that region. The explorations
and surveys in progress and those in contem-
plation will continue to supply such wants and
to furnish besides information of great value
to the country.
The surveys for river and harbor improve-
ments supply the information essential for
legislation as well as for the proper location
and construction of the works. They should
be continued, especially upon the western
rivers, where changes in the channels and
bars and other obstacles to navigation are
constantly going on.
The survey of the lakes has made satisfac-
tory progress in the waters of Lakes Superior
and Michigan, to which attention has been con-
fined for the most part, to meet the demands
of commerce now being developed upon the
borders of those waters.
The report of the Chief of Engineers and
accompanying papers contain all the informa-
tion required to be presented by the acts of
18f!G and 1807 making appropriations for cer-
tain river and harbor improvements and sur-
veys. These works have been carried on in a
highly satisfactory manner.
Embarrassments have been experienced in
the execution of the acts, modifications of
which are suggested by the Chief of Engineers.
A large number of detailed maps, intended
to illustrate some of the principal campaigns
and battle-fields, have been prepared, and
others are in course of preparation. They con-
tain information not only useful for the pur-
poses intended, but highly valuable in connec-
tion with other objects, military and civil. The
Chief of Engineers recommends an appropria-
tion of $50,(100 for the engraving and printing
of the most i mportant, a reco mmendation which
is concurred in.
ORDNANCE BUREAU.
The expenditures of the Ordnance Bureau
during the past fiscal year were less than one
third of those of the preceding year. They
were applied chiefly to work previously begun
and partially executed, and to the settlement
of war claims. The estimates for the next
year are for defraying expenses of ordinary
peace operations, and executing such works as
have been authorized and directed by law.
The operations at the arsenals have been
Confined to the manufacture of iron gun-car-
riages and implements for sea-coast cannon
and of articles required for issue to troops, the
reception, care, and preservation of ordnance
and ordnance stores, the breaking up of unser-
viceable ammunition, and the construction of
authorized buildings and other permanent im-
provements. The hired men employed at the
arsenals have been reduced from last year by
about seventeen per cent., and the reduction
is in further progress. There were, at the end
of the year, 987 enlisted ordnance men em-
ployed at the arsenals in guard, police, and
other military duties, and as mechanics and
laborers in the workshops, magazines, and
laboratories.
a title to the property on Rock island, Illi-
tiiois, having been acquired, the construction
of the arsenal and armory at that place, in
accordance with the act of April 19, 1864, has
been carried forward rapidly. The estimate
for continuing'that work during the next fiscal
year ,is in accordance with its character and
design as authorized and directed by law. The
conditions connected with the appropriation in
March last for the erection of a bridge at Rock
Island having not yet been fulfilled by the rail-
road company, no part of that appropriation
has been expended. From correspondence and
negotiations with the railroad company in ref-
erence to the guarantee required from them by
the appropriation act, it is understood that the
company will agree to pay, and will satisfac-
torily guaranty the payment of half the cost
of building the bridges across the main chan-
nel of the Mississippi river and across the slough
on the Illinois side, and is anxious to have the
bridges built as soon as practicable upon those
conditions. As there is some doubt whether
the guarantee which the company is willing to
give would fulfill the exact requirements of the
law, this subject is recommended to be brought
to the notice of Congress for such further legis-
lation as may bo deemed necessary and proper.
It is very desirable that the bridges should be
built as soon as practicable, and that a suffi-
cient appropriation for the purpose be made.
When the work is done one half of its expense
will be returned to the Government by the rail-
road company.
The arms and other ordnance stores which
had accumulated at the southern arsenals,
excepting one in Florida turned over for use
by the Frcedmen's Bureau, and one. at Little
Rock, Arkansas, occupied as a military sta-
tion, have been repossessed, and are now in
charge of the ordnance department. The build-
ings and other public property at these arse-
nals should be kept from decay and in proper
preservation, and the ordnancc estimates in-
clude the amount necessary for that purpose.
The arsenal at Augusta, Georgia, from its
position and healthl'ulness, is peculiarly suit-
able for a large arsenal of deposit, and its
advantages in this respect should be made avail-
able as Soon as it may be considered necessary
and proper to store arms in the South. The
establishment of an arsenal at a suitable point
between the Missouri and the llocky mount-
ains, for supplying troops serving in that re-
gion, is considered necessary, and an appro-
priation for that purpose is recommended. The
sale of the small arsenals at Home, New York,
Vergennes. Vermont, and 'Liberty, Missouri,
which may be soon abandoned without disad-
vantage to the public service, is also recom-
mended, as well as the sale of the North Caro-
lina arsenal, the Macon armory, and the powder-
works at Augusta, Georgia, which were cap-
tured from the rebel government. The laud
and other property at Harper's Ferry, formerly
used for an armory, are not now required by
the department, and their sale is recommended,
if it be decided that it can be done under the
Government title. If not sold, it is suggested
that it be leased for a term of years.
There were 23,083 Springfield rifle muskets
converted into breech-loaders during the past
fiscal year at the national armory, and about
100,000 muskets, carbines, and sabers were
cleanedand repaired there. Allofthc converted
arms have been issued to troops, and nearly all
the infantry serving in the departments of the
Missouri and the Platte have been armed with
them. Monthly reports received from the com-
manders of the companies so armed have been
highly favorable to the arm, and furnish abun-
dant evidence of its excellence and fitness for the
military service. The almost unanimous opin-
ion expressed by the officers i3 that the musket
is simple, strong, not liable to get out of order,
and extremely accurate in firing. Nota single
officer has expressed the opinion that the caliber
(reduced from that of the muzzle-loader) is too
small,whilea few have recommended a further
reduction. These arms have done excellent
service in an Indian campaign during the past
summer. Very few of them have been reported
as rendered unserviceable, and of these mora
were made unserviceable through carelessness
than from allother causes, la July, 1866, the
Secretary of War directed the conversion of
25,000 Springfield rifle. muskets into, breech-
loaders, and the preparation of on adequate
supply of proper am munition;. He afterward
ordered theeonvcrsion of these arm& to be con-
tinued, without fixing a limit as' to number^ and
thejrork was carried on rapidly until August,
180/, when it was directed to be suspended,
after 50,000 arms hadbeenaltered. That num-
ber is nearly completed, and there have been
prepared the requisite tools for converting about
400 muskets per day, at which rate their con-
version can be resumed at short notice." It is
confidently believed that no converted breech-
loader, in this country or in Europe, has been
produced which is superior to the converted
Springfield musket, as altered at the armory,
and that none equal to it in serviceable quali-
ties can be produced at less cost. In view of
the fact that the 00,000 converted muskets will
very soon be issued to troops, leaving no
breech-loading muskets on band in store; it is
recommended that the conversion of the Spring-
field musket be resumed. The chief difficul-
ties which have been interposed against the
production of a good breech-loading musket
by the ordnance department have been the
immediate claim of almost every improvement
under some of the many patents which have
been granted for improvements in fire-arms,
and the extreme eagerness and strong efforts of
some inventors, and others interested in patents,
to have their particular inventions used in the
Governmentmilitary service. There are many
claims of patent rights in the methods used
to convert the Springfield muskets. Several
parties, in some instances, claim to hold pat-
ents for the same thing; and every improve-
ment, it is believed, js_ claimed by more than
one inventor. The validity of such patent claims
for the improvements used at the national arm-
ory in converting the musket have not been
acknowledged by the Ordnance Bureau, which
believes that the proper course for the various .
claimants to take is to establish their respective
rights, and then apply to Congress for remu-
neration for their use by the Government.
The cartridges used for breech-loading arms
are known as central fire," about 7,000,000 of
which have been fabricated. Extensive trials of
them, made by troops and in proofs, resulted
in an average failure of only one third of one
per cent.
Smooth-bore cannon of less than eight inches
caliber being ineffective against iron-clad war
vessels it has been determined to supersede all
such now in the sea-coast forts by those of
heavier caliber, and by rifled cannon. A board
of engineer, ordnance, and artillery officers,
specially appointed to consider the subject of
arming the permanent forts, reported that. 1,915
pieces of the caliber of thirteen, fifteen, and
twenty inches for smooth-bores, and ten and
twelve inches for rifles, were required for the
permanent fortifications, and should be pro-
vided ; and their report was approved by the
Secretary of War. None of these guns have
yet been provided, and there are no existing
orders or contracts for heavy cannon. This
stoppage of the procurement of heavy cannon
has been mainly occasioned by "persistent
efforts for some time past by ignorant or de-
signing persons to destroy public confidence in
the heavy guns which have been provided by
the ordnance department of the Army and
Navy." This subject, as also the experiments
which have been made to test the durability
and efficiency of these cannon are stated more
fully and in detail in the report of the Chief
of Ordnance. The experiments have resulted
in establishing the fact that our heavy cast-iron
cannon are the cheapest and most effective
guns that are possessed by any nation. While
