1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
of the United States finally undertook the
building of an arsenal which is now nearly
completed—so far completed that the arms
"which the State owns, or whieli the Govern-
ment has loaned to it, are to a tolerable extent
in safe-keeping, and will be so in the future.
All that is now asked is an appropriation to
complete the building.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a
State arsenal.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is not a State arsenal;
it is a United States arsenal; and we now ask
that it may be completed for the preservation
of the property of the United States. How
much money is needed I do oot know; but I
hope that the committee will not refuse to
adopt this clause; and when we learn the proper
amount it can be inserted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The State of Illinois
built her own arsenal at her own expense.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. ThatisaState
&rs6ii &1
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, it is used by the
Government as well as by the State of Illinois ;
and as to this arsenal in Ohio, I have no doubt
that State arms are kept in it. Indeed the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has
said so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
take to say that the appropriation made last
year for this arsenal has not been spent. I
ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
whether it has been?
Mr. GARFIELD. I gay, frankly, I do not
know.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Exactly.
No man knows anything about this matter.
Gentlemen ask us to insert in a bill to which it
has no sort of reference an appropriation in
blank for this arsenal, when the War Depart-
ment has not asked any appropriation for the
purpose, and when no man here knows how
much lias been spent upon the work or how
much is needed.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman says this
amendment has no reference to this bill. Per-
mit me to say it has reference to the bill very
clearly. If it has not why-did not the gentle-
man make a point of order?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did.
Mr. GARFIELD. And it was overruled,
showing that the amendment was in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That does
not show it.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, I was at
this arsenal during our adjournment for the
holidays, and I had a long conversation with
Captain Burr, the officer in charge of it. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
says that nobody knows anything about this
matter. I can tell the gentleman that the
money heretofore appropriated for this arsenal
has been expended, and expended to good ad-
vantage. I know that it is absolutely necessary
to have an appropriation to complete the work
there, in order that artillery may be taken in
and out. The buildings are completed; but
the grounds, except in winter, when frozen, and
during a dry time in summer, are in sucli a
condition that heavy guns cannot be hauled
out. In addition to that there is no workshop
there fit for the repair of a single gun, not even
a musket. I would like to know how the gen-
tleman from Illinois can undertake to say that
no appropriation is needed for this arsenal.
What knowledge has he on the subject?
I move to amend the amendment of my col-
league by inserting in the blank the words
"thirty thousand."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose
of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the special order under considera-
tion, being House bill No. 818, making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1869, and
for other purposes, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
SURVEYING PUBLIC LANDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior in regard to expenditures for
surveying public lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint res-
olution of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 95) authorizing
the Light-House Board to place warnings over
obstructions at the entrance of harbors and in
the fair-way of bays and sounds, and for other
purposes.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
the civil appropriation bill; and pending that
motion I move that all debate upon the bill
be closed in five minutes after the committee
shall resume the consideration of the same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate ; and it was agreed to'.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole; and
it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Suofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. It. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 80th of June, I860, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield
two minutes to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Mr. Chairman, it is
seldom that I trouble the House with any re-
marks on any subject, but 1 wish to say a word
in reply to the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ingersoll,] the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia. I was
very sorry to hear him make the statement
that he would vote against this amendment
because it was for a work located in my State.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow me to put my-
self right. The gentleman does not wish to
deal with me unjustly. I made no such re-
mark.
Mr. EGGLESTON. He replied to my col-
league in a playful way that it was better to
pave the streets and light the lamps for the city
of Washington than to appropriate money for
this arsenal in Ohio. Now the State of Ohio
is not troubled with much property belonging
to the Government. There arc few public
works there belonging to the General Govern-
ment. We have this little place at Columbus,
Ohio, for taking care of the arms which belong
to the Government, and this appropriation is
necessary for the purpose of keeping the ar-
senal there in repair. Why it should not be
appropriated, upon what good ground it is re-
fused, I cannot conceive. It is not, I hope,
from any hostility to the State of Ohio. I am
liberal myself in voting for necessary appropri-
ations for other States. If retrenchment is to
take place I hope it will not be confined alone
to the State of Ohio. The amendment of my
colleague is a good one, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I take it
there is no gentleman on this iloor who is de-
sirous to do injustice to the State of Ohio. I
am sure I do not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Neither do I. My re-
marks were in reply to what the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] said, and had ap-
plication to the amendments he had moved in
reference to the District of Columbia. I merely
applied the gentleman's own argument to him-
self.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
fault on the part of the Committee on Appro-
priations. The ordnance department, which
makes these estimates for appropriations for
all these arsenals, did not estimate One cent for
the arsenal at Columbus. Now, the gentle-
man cannot tell us whether the appropriation
last year was spent, and we have no official
information on that subject; y-et the gentleman
comes in here and asks us to appropriate
$30,000 for this arsenal; more, sir, than we
have voted for any of these works, except, per-
haps, that at Rock Island. He asks us to vote
it blind. I appeal to the gentleman to with-
draw his amendment and not incumber this bill
with it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I withdraw my atnend-
mentto fill the blank with " $30,000," andmove
to fill it with "$15,000." In reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois, I will repeat that I have
already said that the officer in charge of this
work says the appropriation last year has been
exhausted.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 46.
So the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to go back to page 8 of the bill,
and to submit the following amendment:
And it is hereby provided. That in all cases where
light-house sites aro no longer required for the pur-
poses of navigation, and where the said lights have
been discontinued by authority of law, the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to sell the same
to the highest bidder for cash, after giving due notice,
and upon such sale to make the proper deed, con-
veying all the right, title, and interest which the
Government may have in the premises.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the L^nion generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No.
818, making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1869, and for other purposes, and
had directed him to report the same to the
House with various amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to postpone the further consideration of the
bill till Wednesday next after the morning
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
BEET SUGAR.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a communication from the Commis-
sionerof Agriculture, in reference to the growth
of beets and manufacture of sugar therefrom ;
which was referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture, and ordered to be printed.
INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 837) to protect
the rights of insurance companies and to give
them a lien on vessels in certain cases; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SALARIES OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. BURLEIGH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. E. No. 838) to fix the
salaries of certain territorial officers; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
LEAYE OP ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Washburn, of Indiana, and
Mr. Williams, of Indiana, till Tuesday next.
Mr. INGERSOLL (at three o'clock and fifty-
five minutes) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
