2536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
issued by the committee of managers undor the au-
thority of_the resolution of the House, directed to
Charles Woolley, in the words and figures "following,
that is to say;
By authority of the Home of Representatives of the
Congress of the United States of America.
To Nkhemiah G. Ordway* Esq.* Sergeant-at-Arms,
or his special messenger ;
Xou are hereby commanded to summon Charles
W&oMey, of Cincinnati, to be and appear before the
managers on the part of the House of Representa-
tives of the United States, of whom the Hon. John
A. Bingham is chairman, to conduct the impeach-
ment of Andrew Johnson, President of tho United
Strifes, in their Chamber, in the city of Washington,
on Monday, May 18, instant, at the hour of eleven
o'clock and thirty minutes a. m., then and there to
testify touching: matters of inquiry committed to said
managers, and he is nut to depart without leave of
said managers.
Herein tail not, and make return ofthis summons.
Witness my hand and the peal of the House of
rT „ i Representatives of the United States, at the
L *J city of Washington, this 17th day of May, 1808.
JOHN A. 13ING1IAM, Chairman.
Attest: B. D. WIIITNUiT, Clerk.
commanding said Woolley to appear at the timo and
place therein named, in obedience to the order of the
House, which summons was duly served upon said
Woolley, in the city of Washington, on the 17th day
of May instant, as appears by the return of the dep-
uty sergoant-at-arms thereof, in the words and fig-
ures following, that is to say:
Washington, D. C„ May 17, 1868.
I certify that, by direction of the Serjeant-at-
Arms of the United Statesllouseof Representatives,
I have this day, about the hour of four o'clock in the
afternoon, at Willard'sIIotel, in thecity of Washing-
ton, given in hand to the within Charles Woolley a
true and attested copy ot this subpoena.
M.H. ALBERGER,
<S'Dedal Messenger.
yet the said Woolley, well knowing tho premises
and in contempt of the powers of the House and its
authority, neglects and refuses to appear in obedi-
ence thereto, and eloigned himself and left the city of
Washington in avoidance of the same and in con-
tempt of the authority oi the House and its process:
Therefore,
Be it resolved, Thnt a "warrant under the hand of
the Speaker be issued in due form commanding the
Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest said Woolley and bring
him to the bar of the House, to answer for hi? con-
tempt of authority, and to be further dealt with as
the House may order.
Mr. ROBINSON". What is the date of the
return of the Sergeant-at-Arms?
The Cuius. The 17th.
Mr. ROBINSON. Sunday!
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a question of
order. My question of order is that the House
is called upon by this resolution by extraor-
dinary process of attachment to bring this wit-
ness before the bar of the House, for contempt
of the authority of the House, when in fact the
resolution shows upon its face that no valid
subpcena has ever been served upon the wit-
ness, for a subpoena can only issue by authority
of the House of Representatives, signed by the
Speaker of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Indiana. By the rule, which will be found on
page 191 of the Digest, "All subpoenas issued i
by order of the House shall be under the hand
and seal of the Speaker, attested by the Clerk." |
The resolution is still before the House, how- j
ever, and-the House can take any action in i
regard to it that they may determine on. It is i
for the House to decide questions of contempt ;
of its own rules. In the opinion of the Chair i
all subpoenas, to be legal, so that you can bring j
a person to the bar of the House for contempt
in refusing to obey them, have, according to
the uniform usage of the House in its whole
history, to be signed by the Speaker and at-
tested by the Clerk. This subpoena appears to
have been signed by the chairman of the man-
agers and attested by their clerk. It is, how-
ever, for the House to determine the authority
they have given the managers, and whether it
differs from the authority given to previous
committees to send for persons and papers.
The House have certainly a right to pass any
resolution they please in regard to the matter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It appears also on the
face of the resolution that the subpeena was
not valid because of the fact that it was served
on Sunday.
The SPEAKER. -That is a question for the
House to determine.
Mr. BUTLER. I call the previous question
ou the resolution.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me to make a state-
ment?
Mr. BUTLER. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. COVODE. I desire to state what has
been the practice of this House and its com-
mittees for the last twelve years, and I believe
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man]
voted to aid in inaugwratingthe practice. When
Mr. Orr, of South Carolina, was engaged in
investigating the supposed corrupt practices
that were carried on in the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, the House gave the committee, of which
he was chairman, authority to subposna wit-
nesses. Under that authority the committee
carried on an investigation) and subpoenaed
hundreds of witnesses and never asked the
Speaker to sign one of the subpoenas until they
were compelled to come into the House to ask
the authority of the House to bring witnesses
under arrest. And from that day to this I have
never known a single instance—-and I have
been engaged on different investigating com-
mittees—where the chairman of the committee
has not been allowed to issue subpoenas, only
coming into the House when a contumacious
witness refused to answer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will sus-
pend until the Clerk reads three paragraphs
from page 191 of the Digest. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania may not have complied
with the rules of the House, and he states that
he has not, but the Digest will settle the
question :
" Witnesses arc summoned in pursuance of an order
of the House, usually by virtue of its authority con-
ferred upon a committee 'to send for persons and
papers.'
" All subpoenas issued by order of the Rouse shall
be under the hand and seal of the Speaker, attested
by the Clerk.
"The Sergeant-at-Arms shall execute the com-
mands of the House from time to time, together with
all ?uch proccss issued by authority thereof as shall
bo directed to him by the Speaker."
Mr. COVODE. It so happens, then, that
this is a new enforcement of the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware
that the point has ever before been raised.
But he has no doubt that, had it been raised, it
would have been ruled as the Chair now rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask of the
Chair a parliamentary question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is entitled to the
floor, and cannot be taken from it except by a
point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think my question in-
volves a point of order. I desire to ask what
is the ruling of-the Chair in sustaining the point
of 6rder raised by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holmax?] I understood the point raised
by the gentleman to be that the subpoena was
void, and that the witness could not be in
contempt of the House; and I understood the
Chair to sustain the point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ruled that the
eighth and twenty-second rules of the House,
and the decision of the House upon those rules,
as found in the Digest, require subpoenas or-
dered by the House to be signed by the Speaker
and attested by the Clerk. But the Chair stated
that the House has the power, as a matter of
course, to construe its own rules, in cases of
alleged contempts, without any arbitrary power
on the part of the Speaker to prevent it.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word?
Mr. BUTLER. I have, not had a chance to
say anything myself yet. The House, by a
resolution, gave the managers power to send
for persons and papers, and directed them, as
a committee, to make an investigation. Fol-
lowing what was understood to be the prac-
tice, the committee sent out their -subpoena,
that subpeena being signed by the chairman
of the committee. That, I am informed, is
the practice of the House, a practice of many
years' standing. This witness, Woolley, has
refused to obey the subpeena, for the reason
that the House had no power to have a sum-
mons served on Sunday. He grew suddenlv
relifrious, and thereupon notified the deputy
Sergeant-at-Arms that he would wait until this
morning, if the House wanted anything of him.
But, instead of doing so, he left the city on the
train last night for New York, as we are in-
formed by a telegram from New York. Now,
I suppose it is in the power of the House- to
pass a resolution to send for any person at
any time without any preliminary subpeena.
If the subpoena of the committee was not a
good one, or if it could not be served on
Sunday, that, may be a good reason why the
House will not punish Mr. Woolley when he
comes here, and a good reason why he should
not be mulcted in costs or any other punish-
ment, provided he stayed away for that reason.
But if he stayed away for any other reason it
was a contempt of the authority of the House,
just as much as though he had had a good sum-
mons. We have a right to send for him in any
form. But the House would have said to us,
Why not notify him before j'ou call upon us to
act? We have notified him, and he objected
because it was Sunday. Now, let me say that
I do not know any law, parliamentary or ordi-
nary, which forbids this House exercising its
powers and duties on Sunday when the neces-
sities of the case require it. If anybody does
I should like to see the law.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman yield
to me a minute on that subject?
Mr. BUTLER. I will yield for a question.
Mr. ROBINSON. I would inquire of the
Speaker if it is in order for me now, as a
privileged question, to move that the man-
agers be censured by this House for their open
violation of the Sabbath in this city without
any necessity ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
A resolution of censure cannot now interrupt
the action of the House upon this matter, un-
less it should be to censure a member for words
uttered in debate upon this resolution.
Mr. ROBINSON. I thought it would be in
order to do so now; for this is a terrible and
open violation of the Sabbath by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] ut-
terly inconsistent with Puritanism.
Mr. COVODE. WTill the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER. I will, certainly.
Mr. COVODE. There is one point which I
neglected to mention. During the timo I was
engaged in what was called the '■ CovoJe in-
vestigation" I had occasion to subpeena mem-
bers of Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet. Among the
rest I subpoenaed his Attorney General, Mr.
Black. They all came before the committee,
and never thought of protesting against my
authority to summon them.
I will also state that in the case of the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war, a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses of Congress, in no
single instance did we ever send a subpoena
signed by any other person than the chairman
of that committee. I think gentlemen on the
other side might well act upon the course pur-
sued by their Attorney General, who did not
even enter a protest against the action of the
committee.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ROBINSON. My point of order is that
the gentleman is attempting to controvert and
overrule the decision of the Chair, and is not
treating the Chair with proper respect.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is able to pro-
tect his own rights.
Mr. ROBINSON. But can I not make a
suggestion ?
lheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, when on the floor before, stated the
usage of a committee of which he was formerly
a member. The Chair remarked that he had
no doubtthatit thepointhad been made at that
time tne ruling of the Speaker would have been
the same as the ruling ot'the Chair to-day. The
gentleman is now referring to the case of a joint
committee—an entirely different question.
Mr. ROBINSON. My point of order is
