12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
this is fully proved so far as regards the smooth-
bore heavy guns, and the same results have fol-
lowed in respect to the rifles, so far as the tests
have yet been applied to them, it is not deemed
prudent to enter upon the manufacture of these
latter to a large extent without the previous
trial of a greater number of these guns.
Since the delivery of the report of the Chief
of Ordnance that officer has received such
information as to materially change his views
in regard to additional legislation -which he
thinks necessary to secure the interests of the
United States before expending any money on
the railroad bridge at Rock Island.
His views will be submitted in special report
hereafter.
SIGNAL CORPS.
• The chief signal officer of the Army reports
that the course of tuition in military signaling
and telegraphing has been definitely established
and commenced at West Point ; that the pre-
liminary steps have been taken to secure the
arrangement, upon similar plans, in so far as
is practicable, of the studies of these duties at
the Military and Naval Academies; that a pro-
ject for the general communication of the Army
and Navy by signals common to both services
has been brought under consideration; that a
general order publishing regulations for the
equipment and instruction of the Army has
been authorized. When these plans shall have
been carried into effect the active forces of ihc
United States will be prepared to use, in the
contingencies of the service, either aerial or
electric telegraphy.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
The corps of cadets at the examination in
J une last numbered two hundred and fifty-five.
Of these sixty-three graduated, and were com-
missioned in the Army.
The report of the Board of Visitors exhibits
fully the excellent condition of the institution,
and bears ample testimony of its usefulness.
They renew the recommendation made by the
board of the previous year to increase the
number of cadets, giving substantially, but
perhaps more elaborately, the same arguments
for the increase. They also recommend that
the pay and emoluments of the superintendent
should bo not less than those of a brigadier
general, and give various strong reasons there-
for. They rightly say that "the continuous
and increasing visits of official persons from
abroad and from our own country exact expend-
itures which ought not to be permitted by a gene-
rous people any longer to diminish his income."
The erection of a fire-proof building for the pres-
ervation and safety of the records and archives
of the Academy is also recommended. Con-
gress appropriated S15,000 to accomplish this
object, but it is found inadequate, and an addi-
tional appropriation of §15,000 is asked for
this year. Other recommendations are made
by the board, but for which no estimates are
submitted by the inspector. The inspector
bears liberal testimony to the unusual degree
of interest and patience manifested by the board
to examine and investigate all the affairs, faults,
and errors of administration of the institution ;
and he says that it will be the pleasure and
endeavor of the academic authorities to profit
by and carry out the views and suggestions of
the board where no legal obstacle intervenes.
The total estimate of military appropriations for
the fiscal year ending June 30,18o9 is..!j77,121,707 08
l'or office ot tlie General of the Army.... $5,00000
For Adju tan t General's office, recruiting
service      $300,000 00
I'or in«peotor ueneral s oihee—no appropriation.
For Mil tary Academy  $146,30.100
For pay of cadets, &a  183,707 00
{335,012 00
For Bureau of Military Justice no appropriation.
For Quartermaster General's depart-
ment  $28,180.066 20
For ditto—deficiency estimate..  13,500,000 00
For ditto—for contingencies  100,000 00
Ml ,780,065 20
For subsistence department—no appropriation.
Fortnedical department  $15,000 00
For pay department  $22,412,068 00
For Engineer Bureau  $10,528,769 88
For Ordnance Bureau  $1,533,084 00
For Bureau of It of ugcos, Freedmea, and
Abandoned Lands—no appropriation.
For signal service  $27,000 00
The foregoing estimates for the approaching
fiscal year are taken from the estimate of the
different bureau chiefs without change of the
items. They are based upon the expenditures
of the current year, and will probably exceed
the amount which will be required. A season
of peace with the Indians on the plains will of
itself materially diminish the expenditures of
the Army, aud justify a reduction in the num-
ber of enlisted men in a company.
Attention may be attracted to the great
increase of appropriation for the bureaus of
the War Department asked for this year over
the estimates of last year, and requires ex-
planation. The expenses for the next fiscal
year will necessarily be much below those for
the present year. It will be observed that
$13,000,000 of the present estimate is to cover
deficiency in appropriation of last year. The
last Congress made largo appropriations for
river and harbor improvements, for which no
estimates were then made. The work having
been commenced under such authority, it is
now necessary to make large estimates for its
continuance. The appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18(57, having been made
during the existence of war, wore very large;
far in excess of requirements after cessation
of hostilities. This left a large balance, already
appropriated, to commence the present fiscal
year with, and rcdueed the estimate. No such
balance will exist to commence theyear 1868-G9
with.
The small regular Army sustained by the
United States prior to 1801 was kept well sup-
plied with officers educated at the* national
Military Academy. After the rebellion, how-
ever, it was found necessary to increase this
standing force about fourfold. The war edu-
cated soldiers to fill well, by judicious selec-
tions, this increase to the Army, but not to
keep up the supply. The original vacancies
created by this increase in the Ariny are now
filled, and appointments hereafter to fill vacan-
cies must go in at the foot of the Army Register.
For this reason the time has passed, or soon
will, when efficient volunteer soldiers, educated
in the rebellion, will be willing to accept such
positions, or, if -filling, will be of an age
making it unadvisable to accept them. While
the Army has been so much increased, no addi-
tion has been made to the number of cadets
admitted at West Point. I would now respect-
fully recommend an increase to the full num-
ber that can be accommodated without addi-
tional buildings. The presentnumber of cadets
is limited by the number of Representatives
and Delegates in the lower House of Congress,
and ten at large each year appointed by the
President. Four hundred cadets can be ac-
commodated without increase of expense to the
Government further than the pay to the addi-
tional number. The manner of making these
appointments, I would suggest, should bo by
adding three at large additional, to be appointed
by the President, and by regardingavacaticy as
existing in each congressional district when the
cadet representing it enters the second class.
1 would recommend the continuance for
another year of the additional pay allowed to
officers of the Army by the last Congress.
The thirty-seventh section of the act of July
28, 18G6, appropriates $20,000 for the procure-
ment of an equestrian statue of Lieutenant Gen-
eral Winlicld Scott. It has been found that
the work cannot be contracted for for less than
from three to four times the appropriation;
hence no contract has been entered into.
Special report will be submitted hereafter of
plans and estimates that have been prepared
for the erection of the new War Department
buildings.
By act of Congress the ten southern States
which have no representation in the national
councils are divided into five military districts,
each commanded by an officer of the Army of
not less rank than brigadier general. The
powers of these commanders are both civil and
military. So far as their military duties are
concerned they are under the same subordina-
tion to the General of the Army and Secretary
of War that department commanders are. In
their civil capacity they are entirely independent
of both the General and Secretary, except, in
the matters of removals, appointments, and de-
tail, where the General of the Army has the same
powers as have district commanders. It is but
fair to the district commanders, however, to
state that, while they have been thus inde-
pendent in their civil duties, there has not been
one of them who would not yield to a positively
expressed wish, in regard to any matter of
civil administration, from either of the officers
placed over them by the Constitution or acts
of Congress, so long as that wish was in the
direction of a proper execution of the law for
the execution of which they alone are respon-
sible. I am pleased to say that the commanders
of the five military districts have executed their
difficult trust faithfully and without bias from
any judgment of their own as to the merit or
demerit of the law they were executing.
TIIE FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT
comprises the State of Virginia. Brevet Major
General J. M. Schofield commanding. In assum-
ing command, the principle was announced by
General Schofield that the military power con-
ferred by act of Congress on the district com-
mander would be used only so far as was neces-
sary to accomplish the purposes for which the
power was conferred. The civil government was
interfered with only when necessary, and the
wisdom of the policy has been demonstrated
by the result. The instances of complaint of
the action of the civil courts become exceed-
ingly rare. Still the evil which existed prior
to the act of Congress of March 2,1807, though
mitigated by the increased efficiency of civil
officers, was not removed. It was an evil iu
the jury system, apparent at all limes, and fully
developed by the natural antagonism between
loyalist and rebel, or the prejudice between
white and black, existing throughout the South
since the rebellion. The first idea was to admit
blacks on juries and prescribe a test of loyalty.
But as the requirement of a unanimous ver-
dict must give very inadequate protection where
strong prejudice of class or caste exists, and as
a military change of jury system would be but
temporary, it was determined to leave its change
to the convention soon to meet, and be content
with a system of military commissions. Such
commissioners were appointed from officers of
the Army aud Freedmen's Bureau for the dif-
ferent cities and counties of the State, with
powers of justices of the peace, while the State
was divided into sub-districts under command-
ers whose powers were ultimately increased to
those of circuit judges, taking jurisdiction only
in cases where civil authorities failed to do
justice. The system has given a large measure
of protection to all classes of citizens, with
slight interference with the civil court*
*> % ih?, publication of the act of March
^57 J; aii elections have been suspended.
iiiXistmg State, county, and municipal officers
were continued in office. Vacancies have been
htled by the district commander. The number
of removals has been five, and of appointments
to till vacancies one hundred and five
lu executing the registration a board of offi-
cers "was first, appointed to select registering
oincers. The selections were made with great
care, and the officers so selected have, with
otf- ?x°0Ptl0ns> done their duty in the most
nwln °£y ™fnn?r- Carefully prepared reg-
it:oTior)nS| •°1' boards of registration were
ssued, being made as specific as possible, eo
®?CU w,a ™forni of disfranchisement
ou£!lou" the State. In prescribing them the
