-128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
the amount which the banks pay in the shape
of taxes $7,1(49,451 have been paid to the
States, and this, perhaps, should not be in-
cluded in the $1G,UOO.OOO credited to them by
the Comptroller. But even with this amend-
ment the Government cannot be charged with
any favor to the banks (after deducting Mr. !
Hulburd's $5,500,000, which he thinks is a
bonus actually paid by the banks to the Gov-
ernment, from the $8,000,000 of State taxes
paid) beyond the sum of $2,500,000, and that
the banks render a full and generous equiva-
lent for this sum in their services to the public
in the reduction of the prices of exchange and
to the Government in the collection, transmis-
sion, and disbursement of United States rev-
enue, ought to be truthfully and cordially
acknowledged.
Let Congress—as the lurking purpose in some
quarters has been disclosed—at this time and in
this age of the world, unprompted by any over-
ruling necessity—deliberately add $200,000,000
to our currency, or even issue United States
notes to an equal amount with and in place of
the notes of national banks, throwing $875,- !
190,650 of United States bonds, now held by the
banks, at once for sale upon our own money
markets for whatever price they would bring, and
the effect would be deplorable. After that, if
legal tenders brought fifty cents on a dollar,
it would be as much as could reasonably be
expected, and confidence in our financial in-
tegrity would receive such a shock that it would
not be surprising if legal tenders were to be
wholly rejected as a currency by the people,
except so far as they could be forced into cir-
culation by positive law and by existing con-
tracts. A return to the barbarism of barter-
trade would speedily infect the whole country.
Contracts payable twelve months ahead would
have no assignable value. But I have no ap-
prehension of this now. Procrastinate resump-
tion of specie payments and how much the
appetite for more paper money may grow upon
what it feeds, who can tell ? All the danger
hinges upon whether we take the right and
proper step to-day or not.
The time chosen to carry this bill into effect,
July 4, 1869, is believed to be opportune. It
will not be a rash ruovementj being placed be-
yond the presidential campaign, and cannot be
dragged into the region of politics; or, if it
should be, it would be at the peril of opposi-
tion. The people are not all weaned from the
attractiveness of a little coin in their pockets,
and will not object to a measure which heralds
its return to their daily sight. The elevation
of our money to the old and true standard can-
not be objected to by any party when it is to be
done not only without any revulsion of the
money market, but done with a view of avoid-
ing the revulsion whieh threatens delay and is
ever imminent while paper money is the reign-
ing deity of the hour. Private indebtedness is
not likely to be ever less than it is now, and
should an expanded currency prevail as a per-
manent policy, such indebtedness would rap-
idly increase and block up the way forever
against resumption, or, if resumption were to
be essayed, it would be at the sacrifice of the
debtor to the creditor class of the country, a
catastrophe which now can be avoided.
Of course other important measures will be
expected to be reported from the Committee
of Finance respecting our national debt, but
whatever they are I feel sure they will not con-
flict with this. It cannot be denied that the
measure proposed, if it can be carried, is a full
and complete practical remedy for very many
and the greatest of the vexed questions which
loom up in our pathway, and I invoke the
deliberate judgment of the Senate upon the
substance of the bill.
'Mr. President, it will be a sad day when
any fact shall dim the credit of our country.
National credit is of slow growth, but it may
be dwarfed in the twinkling of an eye. While
we preserve our public credit unsullied there
is no one among all the nations of the earth we
need either to fear or to envy. Public credit
ia the very apple of the eye of our Government.
Put that out and we are doomed to grope |
about as a blind and helpless giant. Should |
we be lured by the prospect of temporary gains
to swerve from the standard of true national
honor so far as to make irredeemable paper, i
without intrinsic value, a permanent legal tend-
er, or so far as to employ the smart excuse
of the pettifogger for the avoidance of a con-
tract—to vary it not only from the understand-
ing of all parties except the Government but
from the understanding of all who negotiated
for and spoke in behalf of the Government—
from that moment we fall to the lower ranks
in the scale of nations, not merely in the pub-
lic judgment of the world but literally and
practically whenever next called upon to con-
front equals or inferiors. No more to be trusted
at home or abroad, our Government would be
an easy prey to any enterprising foreign foe or
to any courageous domestic faction. Public
credit is the life blood of a great people. Cast
suspicion upon it, and, stabbed at the fountain,
all life ana greatness oozes out and is gone
forever. A republic may not be generous but
it cannot afford to be mean. A nation cannot
be sued in courts of law but it must be just be-
fore the great tribunal of mankind at large.
We have just achieved one of the grandest
yictories, martial and moral, recorded in the
history of nations. No more formidable rebel-
lion was ever more brilliantly started or more
brilliantly subdued, and while subduing this
we fought and conquered slavery, the giant sin
of ages, in its last and mightiest stronghold.
It was thus we saved our country now and
forever one and indivisible. Our salvation
was bought with a great price. Let us not
begrudge the price. Our reputation is too
exalted for us to consent to have it tarnished
by withholding a jot or tittle of what we prom-
ised to those who supplied the means to pay
and reward the defenders of our country. Sir,
I have yet to believe that any class of our peo-
ple will shrink from the manly maintenance of
the public credit from whatever quarter it may
be menaced. As a Government all our pride
in the past and all our hope in the future rises
or falls with the life or death of public credit.
Its brightness, like feminine virtue, survives
no eclipse, and once obscured is gone for-
ever. If politicians should prove faithless I
would appeal to that mighty host who risked
j their lives to maintain the honor and glory of
their country, confident that they will reeog-
i nize a foe even though he should come into
| camp wearing a Federal uniform. If bankers
| and men of wealth should prove penurious and
| recreant to duty I would appeal to the humble
i poor, to those having nothing but what they
daily earn by the sweat of the brow, having
nothing but the proud name of an American
citizen, and I should feel confident that no
party could survive any position tending to
i impeach the good name of the American peo-
j pie or to destroy the luster of their history.
! I move that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CORBETT. Before the bill is referred
to the Committee on Finance I wish to make
a few remarks.
Mr. GRIMES. As the Senator from Ore-
gon desires to address the Senate on this sub-
ject, if he will give way 1 will move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business. That will leave him with the
right of the floor to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
first allow me to call up a resolution on the
table, which was reported this morning. Let
this measure be postponed until one o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it go over as the
unfinished business.
Mr. CONNESS. If that course be pursued,
then, with the consent of the Senator from
Oregon 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Oregon yield the floor for this
motion?
Mr. CORBETT. I give way.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to remind the
Senate that there is an understanding that
another matter shall be taken up to-morrow,
and 1 trust it will be convenient to the honor-
able member to postpone this measure until
the day after to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] also desires
to speak on this bill, I move that it. be post-
poned until day after to-morrow, being Friday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FItOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 155) granting a certain
right of way to the Hudson River West Shore
Railroad Company;
A bill (H. It. No. 273) to amend the act of
April 10, 1806, for establishing rules and reg-
ulations for the government of the armies of
the United States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 12) directing
the Secretary of War to furnish certain muster-
rolls to the different States.
House bills Nos. 155 and 273 and House
joint resolution No. 12 were read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs andithe Militia.
; IiEAR ADMIBAL II. K. THATCHER.
! Mr. CONNESS. I move take up for con-
sideration the joint resolution reported this
morning by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 70) authorizing Rear Admiral
H. K. Thatcher to accept a decoration from the
king of the Hawaiian islands was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask if this resolu-
tion has been referred to a committee? I have
no recollection of its passing through a com-
mittee.
Mr. CONNESS. It was referred to and
has been reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I was not aware of it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 11, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. 11. Boyntojt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DEFICIENCY IN PENSION APPROPRIATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a communi-
cation from the Commissioner of Pensions
asking for a further appropriation to supply a
deficiency for the current fiscal year; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a preamble and
resolutions unanimously adopted at a mass-
meeting of citizens held at Faneuil Hall, Bos-
ton, on Saturday evening, December 7, 1867,
on the subject of the rights of American citi-
zens, native and adopted, while traveling in
foreign countries, and asking the recall of such
foreign ministers and other officers of the Gov-
ernment as have not protected American citi-
j zens abroad ; which were referred to the Com-
j mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
ll printed.
