1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
356!
the timid, cowering public servant who, through
fear of doing wrong does nothing, than from
him who goes forward boldly and honestly in
the discharge of his duty even though heshould
fall into occasional'errors. Condemnation was
reserved for him who hid his own talent in the
napkin; and his fear of a hard, exacting mas-
ter, so far from being accepted as an excuse,
was held to aggravate the offense. Gentlemen
need not hope to escape censure by abandon
ing their post and running away. Deserters
are always to be shot, and everybody holds that,
they deserve it. Cowardice is a terrible offense
in a public man.
But even if I were opposed to this bill and
in favor of recommitting it I should not be
willing to recommit it with the instructions
proposed here. What is the proposition I I o
place a sum in solido—I have not calculated
how many millions—practically and really in
the hands of the President of the United States,
to be expended under contracts with whom he
may please and for whatever works he may see
proper. A generous confidence, truly! It is
proposed to appropriate $1,300,000 " for the
improvement of rivers." What rivers? In
what part of the country ? On this point the
proposition is expressively silent. It gives not
a whisper of information. The money is to
be placed in the hands of the President, leav-
ing him to contract with whomsoever he may
select, and to expend the money on works
anywhere from the Passamaquoddy to the Rio
Gila. [A voice. " Perhaps the Tennessee."]
The Tennessee river is not named in this prop-
osition; no river is named ; but §1,300,000 is
to be turned over to the President to improve
the rivers of the United States—Fishing creek
or Goose creek or Duck river, perhaps. Now,
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Washbuune] may
have that unbounded confidence in the Presi-
dent which his remarks seem to imply when
he tells us the President would certainly veto
this bill, because it ought to be vetoed, and
that he would sustain him in it. The gentle-
man may possibly be willing to place this sum
ot' money in his hands, to be used during the
coming summer in contracts and generally for
the good of the public service. I say frankly I
am not.
Without any disparagement of the chief
Executive, or of any of his subordinates, I
declare that I am unwilling to put this sum in
the hands of any man to be expended under
no other restrictions than those embraced in
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Delano.] In my judgment this propo-
sition ought not to be entertained for one
moment. It is altogether improvident.^ It
proposes to disburse the public money in a
manner which we, as legislators, ought never
to tolerate ; for it is our duty to designate the
specific use to be made of the money which
we appropriate. If this bill is not acceptable,
then we ought to adopt some other bill. II the
appropriations proposed are not wise, then we
ought to make such as we think wise. If
we believe the commerce, the internal com-
munication of the country, requires nothing
in the shape of public improvements, then let
us pass no bill. But such a proposition as this
1 can look upon as nothing short of a mon-
strosity in legislation. I cannot imagine what
public policy, what sense of statemanship—I
will not say what political strategy, what party
tactics—would ever put such a sum as this into
the hands of the chief Executive to be dis-
posed of as this proposition contemplates.
Mr. DRJGGS. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed
to the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, and for reasons which I think of great
weight, especially in reference to my own dis-
trict. Like my colleague, [Mr. Berry,] I do
not propose to interfere in reference to appro-
priations for districts represented by other gen-
tlemen, presuming that they understand better
than I do the necessities of their own locali-
ties. Now, when the gentleman inquired a
few moments ago where the port of Ontonagon
was, I felt that if he had put that question to
my friend from Indiana [Mr. CobcknJ he
might have had an answer that he would not-
soon forget. In 18G3 I happened to visit that
distant point in the State of Michigan, some
four or five hundred miles from where 1 live. I
escaped but a few moments taking passage on
board the steamer Sunbeam. The honorable
gentleman's brother, unfortunately, took pas-
sage on that steamer, which was lost on the coast
of Ontonagon because there was no place there
to escape from the violence of the storm. The
steamer sank with all on board. It lay off the
coast for some fourteen hours, and might have
been saved if there had been a place ot refuge.
That port is the first point where copper was
discovered on Lake Superior. A m_ass_ of cop-
per was found there at one time weighing five
hundred tons. That was given to the com-
merce of the world in exchange for money."
At no point on that great lake is it so import-
ant, not even, perhaps, at Marquette^ itself,
to appropriate the small sum named in .this
bill. The War Department, without any inter-
ference or suggestion from any Representative
from the State of Michigan, has recommended
these appropriations for a few points in my
district in order to keep the improvements in
repair. I hope the House will not commit so
great an act of injustice as to refuse a sufficient
appropriation to keep these works in repair
and moderately progressing. I understand the
gentleman from Ohio has named a few points
in his substitute for which he proposes appro-
priations.
Mr. DELANO. No, sir.
Mr. DRIGGS. I thought he had ; it seems
I am mistaken. Now, sir, without opposing
anjT other appropriation, the harbor of Mar-
quette has more commerce in one day than the
harbor of Michigan City in a year. And yet I
intend to vote for both. I have seen eighty sail
waiting to load with iron. The Government
has commenced abreak-water. I think it proper
to commence with a small.appropriation, and
if every point is as well guarded as this point
in my district, no wrong, but great benefit will
accrue. I hope the substitute will not pass, but
that we shall take up the original bill and con-
sider each appropriation carefully and pass
those items that are necessary.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman withdraws the
amendment, and L renew it for the purpose of
expressing in a few words my views. 1 do not
yield to my colleague in desire or in zeal for
ecomony in the public expenditure ; bu,t there
are certain appropriations as necessary to the
business of this country and its successful
prosecution as nourishment is to the human
system. A wise and prudent statesmanship
would recognize this, and not by a blind oppo-
sition to every thing proposed endanger or
cripple the commerce of the country and its
safety; nor do I yield to him at all in the strength
of my conviction that it is imprudent, impoli-
tic, and unwise in the present condition of
our finances for us to enter upon new enter-
prise or to make any sort of appropriations to
begin new or experimental works of public
improvement, even though our convictions
might be that the public interest would be
served by such works. Instead of this bill, I
think real statesmanship would require that
each appropriation should stand upon its own
merits in a separate bill. But I do think, Mr.
Speaker, that the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] is vicious
in the extremcst degree. It not only fails to
indicate the individual work to be done, so that
the House may judge of its propriety,^ thus
making it an omnibus bill, but also transfers to
a single officer supreme control over these nril-
lionsin their expenditureand application and
I will say to him very frankly that I have tried
to satisfy myself that this mode of legislation
was not dangerous in order that I might vote
for his proposition, but I cannot bring ray
judgment to the support of his amendment.
Mr. Chairman, the appropriation for the
harbor of Chicago is embraced in all the bills ;
both that of my colleague [Mr. Wasiiburxe]
and that of the committee, and the appropria-
tion is $48,000. That appropriation is required
for a work that is now actually in progress
under contract, and the safety of the commerce
and navigation upon the upper lakes absolutely
demands the expenditure of that money. It
is an appropriation to complete a contract now
in the progress of being carried out.
Now, sir, when neither any member of the
committee or any member upon the floor of
this House doubts for a moment both the pro- s;
priety and necessity of this expenditure, can
[ go home to my people and say that I have
consented to abandon all control over the
application of the moneys that we vote, and
without any guarantee' that the money will be
applied to really proper purposes, but trust
entirely to the discretion or interest or preju-
dices of officials in Washington. I say to you
let us .discuss each item of appropriation in
this bill upon its merits, and reject all that t.he
public necessities do not absolutely require,
having in view the principle that no new works
are to be entered upon, only the preservation
of those now in progress. But I concur with
the gentleman from Buffalo [Mr. Humphrey]
in saying that we must understand here and
now whether the Government is to abandon,
as some years since it did, the protection of
commerce on our western lakes. Why, sir, in
1852, this principle of refusing to make appro-
priations for necessary work was adopted, and
it is within my recollection that all the Gov-
ernment property that was used for Govern-
ment work upon Lake Michigan was sold at
auction, and when appropriations were again
made Government was compelled to buy anew
all the material and machinery, dredge-boats,
and all that kind of machinery which is abso-
lutely necessary to carry on such works. The
abandonment of this class of appropriations
threw burdens upon the local community that
. properly belonged to the General Government.
My own city, to save its harbor, expended
some eighty thousand dollars, which the Gov-
ernment has constantly refused to refund. It
is not our harbor, Mr. Speaker, it is the outlet
for a large portion of the country and the re-
ceiving point for an immense trade, and no
man can reasonably say that a local community .
should bear these burdens.
Now, sir, the commerce and navigation of
Lake Michigan are less protected and have had
less money appropriated to that end than any
similar extent of commerce and navigation
within the territory of the United States ; and
so impressed were our people with that fact
that our board of trade instructed me to vote
for, and aid and assist in the passage of the
appropriation discussed by my friend from
Michigan [Mr. Ferry] for the harbors of Lake
Michigan, and I tell you that there are no set
of men who pay more taxes or who look more
carefully at the expenses of the Government
than that class of gentlemen I represent; and
they have said that it is my duty, in the publie
interest and in the^ interest of commerce, to
vote for these specific appropriations for har-
bors of refuge on Lake Michigan. Sir, it is
as necessary that these expenditures should
be made which are intended to protect and
guard the commerce of these lakes and the
business of the country as it is that a man
should repair his own homestead when it is
falling into decay. And how can any man go
home and say to his people that he ran the
risk of placing this money ill the hands of an
officer in Washington, and authorizing him to
expend it for this work, or for politics, or in
any other way that he saw fit? I tell you it is
false legislation to trust this discretion to any
officer when the legislative power can control
the manner in which the expenditures are to
be made.
[Here the hammer fell.] '
Mr. BARNES. I am very glad to hear
expressions in favor of economy from the other
side of the House, and I do not care where it
comes in ; but I do not see the economy ot
neglecting a private estate or a public estate
as is proposed to be done by the amendment
now before the House. We have a Pr0P?s^
tion to emasculate this bill in a manner which
