1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2537
this: after the Speaker has decided a question,
ruling it over and over again, is it in order for
any gentleman to discuss and attempt to con-
trovert that decision ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very glad to
find the gentleman from New York [Mr. Rob-
inson] objecting to gentlemen doubting the
decision of the Chair. [Laughter.] The Chair
will state, by way of explanation, that he did
not rule out the resolution. He stated that,
in his opinion, such a subpeena as that recited
in the resolution was not in accordance witli
the rules of the House; but he also remarked
that it is for the House to construe its own
rules, and, as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] has argued, the House can
determine upon whatever action it may deem
proper.
Air. ROBINSON. Is it not the proper course
for any gentleman who doubts the decision of
the Chair to take an appeal?
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
resolution is in order, being presented by the
managers, who have authority to report at any
time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am not objecting to
the resolution. I am objecting to gentlemen
arguing 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order. He has raised a point of order, which
has been overruled.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to propound
an inquiry to the Chair; for this matter raises
what is a new question-to me, if not to the
House. What means the authority given to a
committee "to send for persons and papers"
if thesubpeenas must after all be issued by the
authority of the House, through the officers of
the House? In other words, cannot the House
give to a committee authority "to send for
persons and papers?" and if such authority be
given, and the committee sends for a person,
is it not contempt of the authority of the House
for that person to refuse to appear?
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
House to determine ; but the Chair, in answer
to the parliamentary inquiry, will say that the
Speaker of the House and the Clerk of the
House sign no subpoena except where a com-
mittee has been authorized to send for persons
and papers. It has been the ordinary practice
of Speakers—certainly of the present occupant
of the chair—to sign stlbpoenas in blank for the
use of committees that have received such au-
thority. Sometimes he has signed them by the
hundreds when cominitiees have been about to
go to the southern States, so that, under the
signature of the Speaker, they might execute
the authority of the House. The rule on this
subject is laid down as follows in the Digest,
under the head of "Witness:"
" Witnesses are summoned in pursuance of an
order of the House, usually by virtue of its authority
conlerred upon a committcc 'to send for persons and
papers."'—Jouraal, 1. 55. pp. 88.173.
" All sul'ptEiias issued by order of tho House snail
Tje under the hand and seal of the Speaker, attested
by the Clerk."—hiulsS.
"The Sergeant-at:Arms shall execute the com-
mands of the House from timo to time, together with
all such process issued by authority thereof as shall
be directed to him by the Speaker."—Rule 22.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope that settles the
question.
Mr. BUTLER. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Egglestox.]
Mr. EGGLESTON. Mr. Speaker, as the
witness whom it is now proposed to pursue
is one of my constituents, I suppose I ought
to make an apology for not defending him; but
after hearing the excuses which have been
made on the other side—one that the subpoena
was served on the Sabbath, and the other that
the witness had important business in New
York—I simply desire to say that I have no
apology to offer for him. I hope he will, by
some "process, be brought before the board of
managers and compelled to divulge all he
knows with reference to the matter under in-
vestigation.
Mr. BUTLER. In order to obviate all diffi-
culty in regard to this question I modify the
resolution by striking out so much as asserts
that Woolley-is in contempt of the House, so
that the resolution will then simply order the
Sergeant-at Arms to bring him here forthwith.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it proposed to arrest a
citizen who is not charged with any contempt
of the House?
Mr. BUi'LER. Weomit the clause charging
him with contempt of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise the question of
order that this House has no power to send for
a person without some process, and that we
cannot issue a warrant to arrest a party and
bring him before the House unless he is in
contempt of the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order upon the ground that the Speaker
is not required to decide such questions. They
are for the House to determine. The Clerk
will read the rule as laid down on page 104 of
Jefferson's Manual.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Were he permitted to draw questions of con-
sistence within the vortex of order he might usurp
a negative on important modifications, and suppress
instead of subserving the legislative will."
The SPEAKER. The point suggested by
the gentleman from Wisconsin is in the nature
of argument, and is not a point of order.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot yield further.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a state-
ment in regard to Mr. Woolley. I understand
that Mr. Woolley is at Willard's Hotel; that
he went last evening to Baltimore and returned
this morning.
Mr. ROBINSON. And Mr. Woolley knows
nothing why they are after him.
Mr. BUTLER. How does the gentleman
from Brooklyn know that ?
Mr. ROBINSON. When I am subpoenaed
I will answer. I am prepared to meet the
gentleman here or in the Lowell railroad depot.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. I would like to hear the
statement of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. STEWART. I was informed within
three minutes, by a gentleman in whom I have
every confidence, that Mr. Woolley is at Dil-
lard's Hotel, and that he has no idea of dis-
obeying the subpoena issued by the committee.
Mr. BUTLER. He left in the train last
night and went to New York.
Mr. STEWART. No, sir; only to Balti-
more, and he returned this morning. He stated
to the gentleman who served the subpeena
that he would be at the service of the commit-
tee whenever they informed him he was needed.
He intended to go to New York, but changed
his mind and went to Baltimore. He is in
this city now.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This dis-
cussion is all unnecessary, and the better way
is to vote. I hope my colleague will call for
the previous question.
Mr. BUTLER. On the assurance of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Stewart]
that Mr. Woolley is here intending to respond
to the subpoena, I will withdraw the resolution
for the present.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled House joint
resolution No. 91, concerning certain lands
granted to railroad companies in the States of
Michigan and Wisconsin; when the Speaker
signed the same.
ADJOL'ItNMENT OVER AGAIN.
Mr. PILE. Is it in order to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the subject of adjourn-
ment over was laid on the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion has already
been made and laid on the table.
Mr. PILE. The Senate is waiting for our
action, and they ought to be notified of it.
The SPExVIvER. It is not usual to notify
the other House of the action of the House in
! laying a subject on the table, but as the Senate
are waiting for our action the Chair will have
them notified.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules in order to take the resolution from
the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
_ And then, on motion of Mr. PIKE, (at four
o'clock and thirty-eight minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
ffimmitl'pp'? •
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of E. G.
Merrick, W. H. Spraig, and 50 others, of De-
troit, praying Congress for an appropriation to
deepen the Sault Ste. Marie river and ship-
canal, so as to admit of the passage of the
largest class of vessels from Lake Huron to
Lake Superior.
By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of John
Plankey, for an additional sum of twenty-five
dollars to aid him in purchasing an improved
artificial arm.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: A memorial of the
Universal Franchise Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, asking the enfranchisement
of women in the District.
By Mr. KERR: The application of John L.
Menangle and others, for a new post route ia
Washington county, Indiana.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of William H.
Pettit and 130 others, citizens of Kenosha,
Wisconsin, for an appropriation for the harbor
of Kenosha.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A memorial of Mal-
colm Seaton, administrator of the estate of
the late W. W. Seaton, for claim on account of
one hundred copies of the annals and debates
of Congress.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tvesdat, May 19, 3808.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. (J. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to make an explanation which
will require but a few moments.
The SPEAKER. For what length of time?
Mr. MORGAN. From three to five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
morning hour commeuce and I have no objec-
tion. I desire to get into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to take
up the Indian appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, then, ob-
jects, and the moi'mng hour has commenced.
Reports from the Committee of Claims are in
order. Does the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Washburn] yield to the gentleman
from Ohio for five minutes ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If
the committee do not take up the whole of the
morning hour I will then yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Morga>\] I now jield
to my colleague on the committee.
adverse reports.
Mr. HxiRDING, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely on the following
cases, and the same were laid on the table :
The petition of Mrs. Joseph Gales, of the
District of Columbia, praying restoration of
or compensation for certain fencing on her
property, destroyed by United States soldiers
in 1861;
The petition of Roxarma Evans:
The petition of Jt-mes E. Wharton, of Park-
[' ersbnrg, West Virginia, asking eompensation
|| for damages sustained by him in the destruc-
jj tion of his property by United States troops
;! in July, 1804; and
|| The claim of Little B. Madding, for prop-
erty lost in the rebellion.
