THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4.m
If in the face of his own official acts and
records lie can send lawyers to the bar of the
Seriate to plead and pretend there was no
removal, and that his message to the Senate
•was false, it would be an example of official
prevarication without a parallel in the history
of mankind!
Finally, the claim set up in Mr. Johnson's
answer of power at any and all times to remove
executive officers, for cause to be jadged of by
Mm alone, effectually abrogates the constitu-
tional authority of the Senate in respect to
official appointments, subverts the principles
of republican government, and usurps the un-
limited authority of an autocrat. It moreover
puts to flight the ridiculous pretense that the
President designed only to submit the tenure-
of-office act to the test of judicial decision.
In my deliberate judgment, therefore, I must
believe the people of the United States have
clearly maintained and substantiated the alle-
gations contained in the first, second, and third
articles of impeachment.
But to be more particular I will for a few
moments consider these first three articles
separately and in detail, as we must answer, in
our judgment, of guilty or not guilty upon each
one separately.
The first article charges a violation of the
act of Congress regulating thetenure of civil
offices by the unlawful removing of Edwin M.
Stanton from the office of Secretary of War.
The fact of removal, as I have said, is fully
established by official acts and records, namely :
1. The President's order of removal on the
21st day of February, 1868, which states that
Mr. Stanton is "hereby removed from the office
as Secretary for the Department of War," and
that his functions as such would terminate upon
the receipt of said communication, and directs
him to transfer to Lorenzo Thomas, as Secre-
tary of War ad interim, "all records, books,
papers,'' &e.
2. The order of same date to said Lorenzo
Thomas, declaring that Edwin M. Stanton
" having been this day removed from the office
as Secretary for the Department of War," he,
the said Thomas, was authorized and empow-
ered to act as Secretary of War ad interim,
and directed immediately to_ enter upon the
discharge of the duties pertaining to that office.
S. By the message of the same date to the
President of the Senate announcing that he
had removed Mr. Stanton.
4. By the continual recognition of Mr.
Thomas as Secretary of War ad interim from
that until the present day.
The fact of removal being thus established,
it is sought to justify it on two grounds : first,
■ that the tenure-of-office act is unconstitutional;
and second, that, if valid, its provisions do not
restrict the President from removing Mr. Stan-
ton. Withoutentering into a protracted discus-
sion, it is sufficient to say that the constitution-
ality of the "tenure act" was fully discussed
in the Senate before its original passage, and
by a large and. solemn vote it w&s held to be
constitutional.
The objection was again specifically made
by the President in his veto message, and the
act was again held to be constitutional by a vote
exceeding two thirds of the Senators present.
The question was a third time made in the
Senate by the President in his message relating
to Mr. Stanton's suspension ; and was a fourth
time decided upon the consideration of the
message of the 21st of February announcirg
Mr. Stanton's removal. No question, I repeat,
has been so fully and thoroughly considered or
so often deliberately decided as the constitu-
tionality of the tenure-of-office act. And in
the discussion during this trial the counsel tor
the President have advanced no new views or
arguments which had not been several times
considered in the Senate. So that if any ques-
tion can be settled by this Senate and put by us,
at least forever at rest, so that there is no roorn
for further dispute, it is the constitutionality oj
the ienure-of-offi.ee oct. That Mr. Stanton. s
tenure of office as Secretary of War was at the
time of his removal within the provisions of that
act, and hence bis removal was a violation of
the act is also equally plain.
The first clause of the first section of the act
applies to all civil officers and prohibits their
removal without the advice and consent of the
Senate. The proviso makes an exception and
limitation in respect to Cabinet officers. It was
admitted that Mr. Stanton had been duly ap-
pointed Secretary of War by Mr. Lincoln, and
was serving out, as was Mr. Johnson, the res-
idue of Mr. Lincoln's term. If the Cabinet
were not within the proviso, then by the first
clause of the first section of the act they_ were
not subject to removal or suspension without
the sanction of the Senate. If within the pro-
viso, they could not be removed without such
sanction until the expiration of thirty days
after the term, of appointment. So that it
makes no difference which horn of the dilemma
Mr. Johnson selects, for in either case he trans-
gressed the law. Mr. Johnson is, moreover,
concluded absolutely on this point by his own
official acts and records. During his Admin-
istration treaties with foreign nations have
been made, foreign territory has been pur-
chased. Every civilized nation of the globe
has been dealt and negotiated with by Mr.
Seward as Secretary of State. Loans have
been contracted, revenues _ collected, taxes
imposed, thousands of millions of dollars in
money or public credit have been expended
or invested by Mr. McCulloch as Secretary of
the Treasury. Fleets have been dismantled,
naval vessels and armaments sold by Mr.
Welles as Secretary of the Navy. Armies have
been disbanded, a new army raised and or-
ganized, and millions of dollars of military
disbursements expended every month under
the direction of Mr. Stanton as Secretary of
War. The Departments of State, Treasury,
War, and Navy for three years have been held
under the satne tenure. How, then, can it
now be pretended by Mr. Johnson that the
term of these officers expired at the death of
Mr. Lincoln, or that a new appointment was
neecssary, when none was made? What, in
such a view, would be the condition of our
foreign relations or national credit? But the
objection now raised by or in behalf of Mr.
Johnson is not only answered by these acts
done under his authority, but it is also re-
pelled by the most solemn records under his
own hand. The order suspending Mr. Stan-
ton was addressed to him as "Secretary of
War," and professed to suspend him from that
office. The veto message of the tenure act
insisted that its operations extended to Cab-
inet officers. The annual message urged that
specific objection. The message to the Senate
relating to the suspension of Mr. Stanton again
pressed that point. And the order of removal
specially stated that ho was on that day (Feb-
ruary 21, 1868) removed from office as Secre-
tary for the Department of War. The ad
interim appointment of Thomas, the appoint-
ments of Ewing and Schofield declare Mr.
Stanton "removed," not pretending that his
office had expired by the death of Mr. Lincoln.
Without pursuing the subject further, the
terms of the Constitution, the plain words of
the act of Congress, the acts and the official
records of the President, and the solemn judg-
ment of the Senate, determine clearly as hu-
man understanding can comprehend that the
tenure-of-office act is constitutional, and that
Mr. Stanton did lawfully hold the office ol Sec-
retary of War on the 21st day of February last
by thetenure-of-office act beyond removal with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate ; and
that his removal "on that day" by Andrew
Johnson was in contemptuous disobedience and
flagrant violation of the law, constituting a high
misdemeanor! and, consequently, that Andrew
Johnson is guilty in manner and form as charged
in the first article of impeachment.
The second article charges that on the 21st
day of February, 1868, the Senate being in
session, and there being no vacancy in the office
of Secretary of War. with intent to violate the
Constitution of the United States and the act
of Congress regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices, Andrew Johnson, President, &o.y
did issue and deliver to Lorenzo Thomas a.,
letter of authority, set forth in the article of
impeachment, whereby Thomas was authorized
and empowered to act as Secretary of War ad
interim, and directed immediately to eater
upon the discharge of the duties pertaining; to
that office; that the Senate was in session on
the 21st day of February last; that there waa
no vacancy in the office of Secretary of War,
and that the President on that day did issue the
letter of authority as charged, are fully proved:
first, by the letter of authority having the gen-
uine signature of Andrew Johnson; second,
by the statement in the said letter of authority
that Edwin M. Stanton bad "been this day re-
moved from office as Secretary of Warand,
third, by the President's message of the same
date to the Senate.
Issuing this letter of authority to Lorenzo
Thomas was a direct violation of the tenure-of-
offiee act. Now, if that act be constitutional—
as I have shown—then the President's guilt
under the second as well as the first article
stands without defense ; and liencel am forced
to the conclusion that the President is guilty
as he stands charged in the second article of
impeachment.
The third article charges that on the 21st
of February last, while the Senate was in ses-
sion, Andrew Johnson, President, &c., with-
out authority of law, did appoint one Lorenzo
Thomas Secretary of War ad interim without
the advice and consent of the Senate, with the
intent to violate the Constitution of the United
States, no vacancy in said office having hap-
pened during the recess of the Senate, and no
vacancy existing at the time of the appoint-
ment of the said Thomas. That the President
did make the appointment, that the Senate
was in session, that no vacancy existed at the
time of the appointment, are all facts unde-
nied and fully proved by the evidence referred
to in the preceding article.
But the President sets up in defense that
similar appointments were made by his prede-
cessors, and that he is vested, as President,
with "the power at any and all times of re-
moving from office all executive officers for
cause to be judged ofbythe President alone."
This ground of defense fails, because no ten-
ure-of-office law prohibited his predecessors
from making such appointments; and because
no case has been found in which a President
assumed the right to create a vacancy _ by
removal and then make an appointment with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate, when
this body was in session.
Before Mr. Johnson usurped authority inde-
pendent of the Senate, removals during the
session recognized in every instance the con-
stitutional authority of the Senate over the pro-
posed appointment. Its denial would deprive
the Senate of that constitutional check which
constitutes one of its most important functions,
and would establish the distinctive claim ol in-
dependent, exclusive executive power, now, for
the first time in our national history, boldly
aud defiantly avowed.
The act of President Johnson is not only
unsanctioned by precedent, but on principle
the claim of power set up is contrary to the
Constitution, which says "the President may
nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate appoint," &c, but,it is also
incompatible with the honor, safety, and exist-
ence of our form of government.
Kegarding the act of the President, in ap-
pointing Lorenzo Thomas Secretary of War
ad interim, as an unlawful usurpation of power,
violating the Constitution and an act of Con-
j gress, the President is guilty, in my judgment,
j in manner and form as charged in the third
' article of impeachment.
| The fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh articles
' of impeachment charge an unlawful conspiracy
i by Mr. Johnson with Lorenzo Thomas, to ac-
complish the unlawful object specially set forth
in each of the before-named articles. What-
ever conclusion might be formed on these arti-
cles, if they stood alone, unaccompanied by
