8562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
June 27,
leaves the appropriations to be expended where
they may not be wanted, or in insufficient suras
where they are distinctly required.
There is an appropriation in this bill of
$800,000 for the improvement of the East
river, near the city where I reside. It is esti-
mated that $15,000,000 of commerce pass
through Hell Gate in one day, and in a single
day I am informed that seven wrecks have
occurred at that point. The amendment does
not propose to appropriate any particular sum
for this purpose, but a less sum than $300,000
would be inadequate to protect what might be
denominated the majority of the commerce of
this country. Andthewhole amountproposed
to be appropriated is entirely inadequate to
develop and protect the resources of the com-
merce of the country. So far as the means of
the country to supply the wants here demanded
are concerned, I undertake to say that the
policy now indicated by the majority of gentle-
men on the other side would, in a very few
yeafs, leave the country without a commerce;
would leave the cereal crops of the country
without a market; would allow our piers to rot,
our docks to decay, and our vessels to seek
foreign ports. We are as competent to-day to
invest five, ten, or even twenty million dollars
in erecting piers and docks, and in creating
harbors for the development of the industry
and commerce of this country, as we ever have
been. No gentleman who has an estate, how-
ever rich he may be, can afford to allow that
estate to remain unfencedanduntilled. Butthat
is the policy no wproposed in emasculating these
bills, in cutting down these appropriations,
and leaving the country without the requisite
means in the way of harbors to afford due pro-
tection to ships and to life, to develop com-
merce and the resources of the country, and
to afford markets for our products. Each
separate item should be taken up and decided
with reference to its own merits. It is not
sufficient that an appropriation of so many
millions or so many hundreds of thousands of
dollars should be made forone class of improve-
ments, and so many hundreds of thousands of
dollars to be expended in another section for
another class of improvements. This House,
when a particular improvement is brought
before it, is competent to judge what is required;
and the more money that can be appropriated
for any specific improvement, such as the good
sense of this House will say is a necessity, so
much the better for this country.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. J UDD. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
_ Mr. EGGLESTON. I renew it. The ques-
tion before the House is the recommitment of
a certain proposition to the Committee on
Commerce with instructions to report a bill
that will appropriate $1,300,000 for the im-
provement of rivers, $500,000 for the improve-
ment of lakes, and $150,000 for the improve-
ment of harbors
Now, sir, the Committee on Commerce, I
think, have been laboring about as hard as
committees ordinarily labor, with the exception
of the Committee of Ways and Means, for some
four or five months past to prepare and bring
forward a proper river and harbor bill. They
have reported a bill, after getting all the in-
formation they could from the engineer de-
partment, which bill proposes that certain sums
be appropriated for improvements in certain
localities throughout the length and breadth of
the United States.
A member of the House who has probably
given the subject no consideration at all jumps
up and says that the best way to deal with it is
iust to allow the Secretary of War to have a
couple of millions of dollars and distribute it
wherever he pleases, for the improvement of
such harbors and rivers as he may think proper
to improve. I ask that gentleman why he did
not the other day, when we were considering
the internal tax bill, get up here and. say that
the best way to deal with the subject is to send
out certain officers in thecountry with instruc-
tion to exercise their own judgment and collect
so much money in any way tlley may think best?
How much easier that would be than to come
here and sweat over that bill night and day for
a week. And why not say, instead of making
specific appropriations for the several Depart-
ments, thatthe Secretary of the Treasury should
have so much money, thirty, forty, or fifty
million dollars to carry on his Department .as he
may deem best? Why not say in regard to the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Navy that fifty or a hundred million dollars
shall be appropriated, with which they may go
out and buy such ships as they may need and em-
ploy such men as may be required for theArmy?
In that way the business of legislation in Con-
gress might be dispensed with entirely, and we
could leave the whole administration of the
affairs of the Government to the heads of the
various Departments. I am astonished at a
proposition of that kind coming from my in-
telligent colleague [Mr. Delano] in regard to
a subject of this magnitude.
I do not wish to say anything about the par-
ticular items in this bill. When we come to
any I think I should speak about I may then
say something. But 1 think we should not
recommit this bill with the instructions pro-
posed. If the House should decide to recom-
mit this bill, with instructions to the Committee
on Commerce to bring in a bill with just three
items in it, $1,300,000 for rivers, $500,000 for
lake harbors, and $150,000 for harbors on the
ocean, I would inquire how we are to get the
money for our respective improvements? My
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Washbuene,] who is
so well acquainted with this subject, may have a
better hold on the Secretary of War than I
have; and he may understand better how to
deal with the Secretary of War than does the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Robinson*.]
He may stand better with the Secretary of War
than my friend from New York, and may get
the whole appropriation for the improvement
in his locality. Nine hundred thousand dollars
is asked for the improvement of Des Moines
rapids; and I want to vote for it. Two hun-
dred thousand dollars more is asked for the
improvement of Rock Island rapids, and I want
to vote for that. What locality would come in
next I cannot say.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, representing,
as I do, a commercial city on the Atlantic coast,
my constituents have very little interest in the
bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, and they have no interest at all in the
substitute which has been presented by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] as
the minority of that committee. The substitute
contains appropriations for specific improve-
ments in the western and northwestern waters,
but only two items for improvements upon the
Atlantic coast. While it proposes to appro-
priate in the aggregate $1,657,000, the only
appropriations for the Atlantic coast are
$300,000 for removing obstructions in East
river, including Hell Gate, and $50,000 for the
preservation and improvement of Boston har-
bor. Thus it is proposed to appropriate
$1,307,000 exclusively for the western and
northwestern sections of the country, and only
$350,000 for the eastern and northwestern
portions. Sir, I am opposed to thus taking
money out of the pockets of the people of one
section of the country and putting that money
into the pockets of the people of another
section, under whatever pretext that operation
may be justified.
One of the subjects to which reference has
been made, and which I presume has occu-
pied, to a large extent, the attention of the
Committee on Commerce during the present
session of Congress, is the depreciation, the
decay, and in fact the almost absolute ruin,
of the American ship-building and shipping
interests. During the short session of last
July 1 had the honor to introduce a resolution,
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, instructing that committee to inquire
particularly into^ the causes which had pro-
duced that decline of our ship-building and
shipping interests, what portion of it was
owing to defective or injurious legislation, and
to what extent it could be remedied by con-
gressional enactment. In connection with this
subject it has been repeatedly stated on this
floor that so great has been the decline of the
interests I have named that there is not at this
time a single line of ocean steamers, American
built, plying between the port of New York
and any foreign port. But in the discussion
of this question gentlemen have overlooked
the fact that there is one city upon the const
which has supported for the last two years and
more two lines of ocean steamers, American
built and American registered, supported
them in spite of difficulties and discourage-
ments, in spite of injurious legislation, in spite
of competition from our own country and
other countries ; and that cif.y is the one which
I have the honor in part to represent on this
floor. Yet that city, with its harbor, one of
the most important upon the coast, is, by the
substitute of the gentleman from Illinois,
utterly ignored. Although there has been laid
upon the desks of members an estimate from
the War Department, calling for an appropria-
tion of $125,000 for deepening the channel
and removing shoals in the harbor of the Pa-
tapsco river, not a single cent does the gentle-
man from Illinois propose to appropriate for
that object.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. I move that all debate
upon the pending proposition be closed in ten
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot permit the vote
to be taken without saying one word in oppo-
sition to the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio. I object to it upon princi-
ple. I think Congress should determine what
improvements should be made; that is, what
particular rivers and harbors should be im-
proved. If $1,000,000, for instance, is to be
appropriated for rivers, I know personally that
there are two improvements now in progress
which will require $1,000,000 during the next
year. I say to the gentleman from Ohio and
others who oppose this bill that there can be
no expenditure of money so profitable to the
great consuming and producing interests of
the country as the works to which I allude. I
speak of the improvement of the Mississippi
river. Now, my friend says he has reduced
the appropriation to $500,000. I ask him of
what avail is it to reduce that appropriation
when the whole expenditure must in fact be
made? I, for one, am not willing to allow it to
go to the people of the country that thi3 great
work of improving the two rapids on the Mis-
sissippi river is to be suspended by a half
appropriation. I am not surprised that the
gentleman from NewYork [Mr. Bailey] should
oppose these appropriations. The gentleman
did not tell us that the people of the great
West are ground to powder by being subsi-
dized by the State of New York, which has a
canal system collecting millions of dollars from
the honest toil of the West in the shape of tolls.
We want other means of communication. We
want competing lines, so that we may have a
reduction of the rates of fare to the Atlantic
ports.,
Mr. BAILEY. Did not the State of New
York build its own canals?
Mr. ALLISON. They built them on credit,
and they are taxing the country to-day to pay
the debt, instead oftaxing their own people to
pay it. Now, what we want is an outlet by the
way of the Mississippi river, and one appropri-
ation in this bill for tha.t purpose is $900,000.
I know "nothing about nuinerous other appro-
priations made here. Some may be just, others
unjust; but I cannot consent that the substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from Ohio should
prevail, because there is not enough in it. It
is false economy and unjust to the people of
the country to make these half-way appropria-
tions when we have necessary improvements
that must go forward. I yield the remainder
of my time to the-gentleman from New York.
