130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
personal explanation.
Mr. PRUYN. I trust it will be borne in
mind by the House that the reason of my ask-
ing permission to make a personal explanation
in regard to the matter about which 1 propose
to speak, arose from the fact that when the
subject was under discussion on Monday last
I was prevented from getting the floor by objec-
tions made on the other side of the House. If
"I could have had it then for ten minutes I
should have said what I wanted to say. But
not having the opportunity then, and not stand-
ing in a true light in the record contained in
the Grlobe, I asked this permission. I shall
occupy the attention of the House, I trust, but
a very short time ; and the importance of the
subject may perhaps justify me in hoping that
members will at least give consideration to the
authorities to which I may refer them, if they ,
do not regard my individual views as worthy i
of attention. !
In the discussion which took place on Mon-
day last in regard to the reference of that part
of the President's message which relates to the
payment to be made to the Russian Govern-
ment under the late treaty for the purchase
of Russian America, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] said that "by
the Constitution a treaty is a paramount law
of the land," and that so far as the appropri-
ation in question is concerned he, should " of
course vote to make" it, and he further re-
marked :
" When the Constitution, which is the paramount
law of the land, declares that we owe a debt 1 should
be ashamed to refuse to pay it."
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] rose specially to notice these remarks,
and said:
" A treaty made by the President, with the advice
and consent of the Senate, which is capable of self-
exeeution is the supreme law of the land; but a
treaty made which requires legislative action to put
it into operation is not the supreme law of the land,
and we are not in any way bound by it."
When this statement was made I at once
inquiied for the authority on which it was
founded. The gentleman from Massachusetts
admitted that he had expected this, as well he
might from the novelty of the position he as-
sumed. Passing by the fact that in giving the
information—which he very emphatically re-
peated for my especial benefit—that a decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States in
Peters' s Reports was the foundation for his state-
ment, and forgetting, no doubt, for the moment
the existence of Peters's Circuit Court Reports,
to which I alluded. Let us look at the case cited
that we may know what it is. I will state it very
briefly. The question arose under a grant of
land in West Florida made by the Spanish
Government before the cession of the province
to France. In the treaty between France and
this country the protection and confirmation
of these titles were provided for; and the point
was, whether the language used in the treaty
was in itself a confirmation of title, or whether
it was an engagement to confirm by legislation.
The court took the latter view of the case and
held—what? " that we (the House of Repre-
sentatives or Congress) are not in any way
'bound by it,' as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts claims ? No; but simply that "the
legislature must execute the coutract before it
can become a rule for the court"—a decision
which I confidently submit in no way supports
the extreme position taken by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts.
It would be idle for me, Mr. Speaker, to
deny the power—I may call it the physical
power—of this House to refuse to make the
-appropriation needed to pay the amount which
this Government has by a solemn contract
made with all the formalities required by the
Constitution, agreed to pay tff Russia for the
•territory referred to. We come here, take our
seats from day to day, adjourn, and do noth-
ing. We may refuse to appropriate money to
pay the salaries of the President, of the judges,
of our foreign ministers, of all the officers of
Government; we may refuse to pay the Army
and the Navy; but does our refusal or neglect
to do our duty impair the obligations to do it? I
If so every debtor in the community may take |
the same ground, and we should soon have
"a new way to pay old debts." The honor- i
able gentleman from Massachusetts, in support
of his views, cites another case decided by
Judge McLean in the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States. I regret that the volume of reports
referred to happens to be out of its place on
the shelves of the library, and I have not been
able to ascertain the facts presented to the
court, and on which its opinion was based. But
let us look at the extract from the opinion cited
by the gentleman from Massachusetts. Does
it in any way authorize the inference that we
are not bound to respect the honorable obliga-
tion imposed upon the country by a treaty reg-
ularly made with a foreign Power? I say
"honorable," for no obligation against Gov-
ernment can be called a legal one in the strict
sense of the term. The Government cannot
be brought into court and made to respond to
its liabilities as an individual may be. But
because the obligation is honorable only is it
the less binding? In the code of morality
among civilized nations it is for this very rea-
son placed on even a higher footing than if it
were simply a legal liability to be enforced, if
need be, by the tribunals of the country. Could
Russia do more than she has done? That Gov-
ernment could not come to this House to make
a treaty with or through us.
She contracted with this Government in the
only way acknowledged by our Constitution;
and are we now to say that we will not do our
duty and take the necessary action to carry out
the contract in good faith on our part? If we
thus act we will certainly forfeit our honor and
disgrace our Government in the eyes of the civ-
ilized world. I am quite aware, Mr. Speaker,
of the principle that if a treaty be made by
fraud or undue influence, or if one party exer-
cises duress over the other to his own advan-
tage, like all other contracts such a treaty will
thus be vitiated, especially in a court of mor-
als and honor. But do the gentlemen from
Massachusetts and Illinois, who gave the House-
to understand they would oppose this appro-
priation, mean to say that the Senate—by
whom this treaty was confirmed almost unani-
mously—acted under undue influence, or that
improper and unworthy considerations con-
trolled their votes, or that they acted under
duress? Until I hear them distinctly make
such charges I will not believe that they intend
to make them. And yet, unless they do pro-
ceed on the assumption of such or other like
causes I venture to say that there is no com-
mentator on our Constitution of conceded rep-
utation, and no one of the eminent jurists of
our country who has discussed this subject,
whose views will support them in their posi-
tion. It may be said, and I so understood the
gentleman from Illinois, that by the treaty too
large an amount was agreed to be paid for this
territory. But were we called on to determine
that question? It was of necessity to be set-
tled by the treaty-making power; and if so
settled in good faith—and this has not been
questioned—we are honorably bound by it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, in refer-
ring to the clause in the Constitution which
declares treaties to be part of the supreme law
of the land, was understood by me to throw a
doubt on the proper execution of this treaty.'
He commented on the words " United States,"
intimating that Congress, as representing the
United States, must confirm treaties. If he
will look again at that clause he will find it to
speak of laws and treaties made " under the
authority of the United States." Congress
are to enact the laws, but the President and
Senate are to make treaties. Each in its
sphere is supreme.
This is not the time nor am I now prepared
to discuss at large many of the views which
this question presents. I may do so at some
future day when the main question comes
before the House. But before closing I wish
to advert briefly to some standard authorities
on this subject.
In England the power to make treaties
rests exclusively with the Crown. Blackstone,
in volume one, chapter seven, page 256, speak-
ing of this, says:
" It is also the king's prerogative to make treaties,
leagues, and alliances with foreign States and
princes; for it is by the law of nationsessential to the
goodness of a league that it be made by the sorereign
power, and then it is binding upon the whole com-
munity; and in England the sovereign power, quuad
hoc, is vested in the person of the king. Whatever
contracts, therefore, he engages in, no other power in
the State can legally delay, resist, or annul: and yet,
lest this plenitude of authority should be abused to
the detriment of the public, the constitution (as was
hinted before) hath here interposed a check by the
means of parliamentary impeachment for the pun-
ishment of such ministers as from criminal motives
advise or conclude any treaty which shall afterward
be judged to derogate from the honor and interest of
the nation."
I have not the time to comment on the dis-
cissions on this subject which led to the adop-
tion of the provision in our Constitution in
regard to the treaty-making power which was
vested in the President by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, but will read what
Mr. Jay said on this subject in the sixty-fourth
number of the Federalist:
"Others, though content that treaties should be
made in the mode proposed, are averse to their being1
the supreme law of the land. They insist and pro-
fess to believe that treaties, like acts of assembly,
should be repealable at pleasure. This idea seems
to be new and peculiar to this country: but new
errors as well as new truths often appear. These
gentlemen would do well to reflect that a treaty is
only another name for a bargain, and that it would
be impossible to find a nation who would make any
bargain with us which should be binding on them
absolutely, but on «s only so long and so far as we
may think proper to beboundbyit. They who make
laws may without doubt amend or repeal them; and
it will not be disputed that they who make treaties
may alter or cancel them; but still let us not forget
that treaties are made not by one only of the con-
tracting parties, but by both, and consequently that,
as the consent of both was essential to their forma-
tion at first, so must it ever afterward be to alter
or cancel them. The proposed Constitution there-
fore has not in the least extended the obligation of
treaties."
Now, when Mr. Jay spoke here of treaties
he spoke of them in the sense in which they
were understood in Europe, for up to that time
we had no other definition of treaties. We had
no standard authors to whom to refer except
those who treated on the common law of Eng-
land ; and I have already read the remarks
made on this subject by Blackstone, the writer
of highest repute on the laws of England.
Now, as to the view which might be taken
under certain circumstances as to the corrup-
tion of the treaty-making power, Mr. Jay says:
"As to corruption, the case is not snpposable. He
must either have been very unfortunate in his inter-
course with the world or possess a heart very sus-
ceptible of such impressions who can think it proba-
ble that the President and two thirds of the Senate
will ever be capable of such unworthy conduct. The
idea is too gross and too invidious to bo entertained.
But if such a case should ever happen, the treaty so
obtained from U9 would, like all other fraudulent
contracts'*—
this is the point to which I have already
referred—
"be null and void by the law of nations."
I will now ask the attention of the House to
a short extract on this subject from Judge
Story's Commentaries, section fifteen hundred
and nineteen:
"In regard to the objection, that the arrangement
is a violation of the fundamental rule, that the legis-
lative and executive departments ought to be kept
separate, it might be sufficient to advert to the con-
siderations stated in another place, which show that
the true sense of the rule does not require & total
separation. But in truth the nature of the power
of making treaties indicates a peculiar propriety in
the union of the Executive and the Senate in the
exercise of it. Though some writers on government
place this power in the class of executive author-
ities, yet it is an arbitrary classification; and if atten-
tion is given to its operation it will be found to par-
take more of the legislative than of the executive
character. The essence of legislation is to prescribe
laws and regulations for society; while the executive
of those laws and regulations and the employment of
the common strength, either for that purpose or for
the common defense, seem to comprise all the func-
tions of the executive magistrate. The power of
making treaties is plainly neither the one or the other.
It relates neither to the execution of subsisting laws
nor to the enactment of new ones; and still less does
it relate to the exertion of the common strength. Its
objects are contracts with foreign nation-*, which have
the force of law with us: but as to the foreign sover-
eigns have only the obligation of good faith. Treat-
