SiJPFLKMK^T TO
aoy 'overt acts\ iu furtherance' of the objects
stated,-the evidence iivthiscasej taken in con-
nection with the several acts named, compels
t.lie belief that there-was a clear, distinct un-
cfel'standing, Combination, and conspiracy be-
twfeea Johnsoii and1 Thomas, with the intent
awd* purpose".set forth rn-thd several' articles.
His rffcrts to have orders issued" and obeyed
without (as provided by law) their going through
the office of the General of the Army: his-find-
ing-a man who "would obey his orders with-
out regard to the law,." and appointing him for
the timW being; his reappointment of Colonel
Cooper after he had been rejected by the Sen-
rite at this very session; all these acts taken
together, and others of the same character,
compet in me the belief that the President did
unlawfully conspire with others to violate the
law, and hence is guilty in manner and form
as Charged in the fourth, fifth, sixth, and sev-
enth articles' of impeachment.
The eighth article charges that the letter of
authority of February 21, 1868, was issued by
President Johnson to Lorenzo Thomas with
intent to control the moneys appropriated to
bfe disbursed for the military service in viola-
tion of the Constitution and of the civil-tenure
act.
Jt is not denied that the appointment of
Lorenzo Thomas Secretary of War ad interim
would give him, while he acted under such
appointment, the same control exercised by a
Secretary of War duly nominated and con-
firmed by the Senate. The military disburse-
ments, amounting to many millions of dollars,
were thus placed iu the hands and at the power
of a mere appointee of the President and the
creature of his will, made and unmade by the
breath of his power alone.
It is an invariable maxim that every man—
and especially every high official—intends the
consequences of his own acts; and hence that
Mr. Johnson designed to invest Lorenzo
Thomas with power over the military dis-
bursements—especially when aided by Cooper,
unlawfully in the door of the Treasury—thus
putting the Treasury within reach of the arm
of the President alone. This is both a crime
and a misdemeanor ; and therefore he is guilty
in manner and form as charged iu the eighth
article of impeachment.
The ninth article charges that the President
instructed General Emory, commander of the
military department, of the District of Colum-
bia, that the law which required all orders and
instructions relating to military operations he
issued through the General of the Army was
unconstitutional and in contravention wilh
General Emory's commission, and this was
done with intent, to induce General Emory, in
his official capacity as commander of the de-
partment, to violate the provisions of the act
of Congress afbiesaid, and with further intent,
to prevent, the execution of the tenure-of-office
act and to prevent, Mr. Stanton from holding
and executing the duties of the office of Sec-
retary of War.
The fact that the President did instruct the
military commander of this department that
the law requiring military orders to be issued
by the President through the General of the
Army was unconstitutional is distinctly proved
by General Emory-. Why was such instruc-
tion given til that time, and why were there
Mich suspicions aroused because officers were
called at General Kmory's headquarters? It
was only on account of what the President
had dccided to do!—to control the Depart-
ment of War! It was in furtherance of what
he had said to General Grant—"that as early
as last August he had determined to dispos-
sess Mr. Stanton of the War Office at all h:iu
ards." These whisperings to General Kmory
ha\e a peculiar significance to my mind, when
I remember what was at that moment in the
mind of the President relating to getting pos-
session of the Department of War and dis-
possessing Mr. Stanton and getting around
General Grant by issuing orders direct to his
subordinate officers.
It, to my mind, admits of no Other motive or
intention than that which is changed, and,
taken with all attendant circumstances, forces
the conclusion that, the President is guilty in
manner and form-as-charged in the ninth article
of impeaebmertt.
The tenth article charges that at sundry times
and places therein set-forth'.-Andrew Johnson,
President, &c., made certain-intemperate, in-
flammatory, and scandalous harangues, and
uttered loud threats and bitter menaces as
well against Congress aslhe laws of the United
States, with intent and design to set aside the
powers of Congress, and to bring the,Legis-
lature and the several branches thereof into
disgrace, ridicule, hatred, and reproach, and
to impair and destroy the regard and respect
of the good people of the United States for
Congress and the legislative powers thereof,
and to excite odium and resentment against
Congress and the laws duly and constitution-
ally enacted. And all this while the. Presi-
dent was under his oath to see that the laws
were faithfully executed. It has been estab-
lished beyond dispute that the scandalous
harangues set forth in this articlc were made
by the President atthe times and places stated.
Their intent is manifest as plainly as human
speech can exhibit the motive and impulse of
man's heart. And these denunciations, threat-
ening to "veto their bills," were spoken out
of the "abundance of the heart" which led
him thus to " impromptu speak." and to defy
the very laws he was sworn to execute.
Our Government was framed to rest upon
opinion and reason, and not upon force. The
good will of the nation toward the laws and
the law-makers is of the highest importance to
secure obedience, and the man or the public
officer who, by act or speech, strikes at this
foundation, does an irreparable injury.
The history of republican governments
shows that the iirst efforts of tyrants and usurp-
ers has beeu directed to undermining and de-
stroying the faith of the people in their rep-
resentative and legislative bodies.
in his harangues, Andrew Johnson fol-
lowed with more than usual directness the
beaten path toward the overthrow of con-
stitutional government—a government which
encourages and secures the largest freedom of
speech consistent with its own perpetuity ; a
government, too, that has provided lor striking
down the sappers and miners who work at its
own foundations. Under this charge and by
the proofs the President must stand guilty of
the high misdemeanor charged in this tenth
articlc of impeachment.
The eleventh and last article charges that
on the 18th day of August, 1800, Andrew
Johnson, President, A'c., did, by a public
speech, declare and affirm, that the Thirty-
Ninth Congress was not a Congress authorized
by the Constitution to exercise legislative
powers; that its legislation was not valid or
obligatory upon him, except so far as he might
approve the same; and also denied its power
to propose amendments to the Constitution.
This article Anther specifics certain of his
official acts done in pursuance of that declara-
tion, devising and contriving, among other
things, to prevent the execution of the tenure-
of-office act, and to prevent the execution of
other laws, especially the " acts to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States."
The public specch referred to in this article
was made before a large assemblage at the
Executive Mansion, and clearly proved, as well
as substantially admitted. It imports nothing
less than a total denial of the constitutional
power of Congress to pass any laws but such
as he approves. it usurps the whole law-
making power, and vests its validity absolutely
in his approval. The powers of Congress are
thus abrogated; and the Government of the
United Stales is practically vested in Andrew
Johnson!
It is vain to treat this and the preceding
article with levity or affect to pass them over
with contemptuous indifference or frivolous
excuse. They are public declarations by the
I Ghief Executive, preceded, accompanied, and
! followed by act.s' in strict accordance with the
theme; They have thus become significant
• | facts, full of enormity in themselves, and boldly
Ij threatening the peace, welfare, and existence
;j of constitutional government.
|| While some of the articles, which would
1 seern to operate in the tirst instance only on
an individual, the offenses charged in the tenth
and eleventh articles embrace in their range
all the powers of the Government, and the
validity of all the legislation of Congress since
the rebellion began. The national debt, the
taxes imposed and collected by acts of Con-
gress, the collection of the revenue—in short,
every operation of the Government depending
upon the action of Congress during and since
the rebellion, are struck at by the hand of the
President. And if I was to declare, on my
oath, for the acquittal of the President under
these articles, charged and proved, then, in-
deed, would I feel myself to be guilty of pervert-
ing the trust imposed upon me under the Con-
stitution of the United States as a member of
this high court of impeachment.
If I am to vote for acquittal I shall sanc-
tion these new violations of law and of the
Constitution. I shall consent that the Presi-
dent may possess himself of each and all de-
partments of this Government, and merge into
one head all the independent prerogatives of
each of the departments as were wisely provided
by the early framers of our representative Gov-
ernment.
I cannot be thus false to my convictions of
duty, false to the trusts imposed by my posi-
tion as a Senator sitting upon this great trial,
nor ialse to my loyal, earnest, and devoted con-
stituency, whose every impulse I feel, nor false
to my anxious countrymen, whose eyes are
upon me. Conviction to my mind is a duty,
ay, a necessity, under my oath as a Senator
trying this cause. I cannot escape if I would
the conviction which the evidence in this cause
forces upon me. And conviction is, to my
vision, peace. It is quiet to our long distracted
country. It means restoration upon the basis
of loyalty, liberty, and equal sutfrage, which
secures and perpetuates equal rights to all
American freemen—now, thank God, Ameri-
can citizens !
Charged by the Constitution with a share in
this trial, 1 cannot shut my eyes to the crimes
and misdemeanors charged, and proved also,
in this the eleventh article of impeachment;
and with uplifted hand and heart 1 declare my
belief to be that the President is guilty1
OPINION
OF
HON. LOT M. MORRILL.
The President is impeached by the House
of Representatives of high crimes and misde-
mt'auors, in that on 21st of February last he
issued an order for the removal from office of
Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War, with
intent to violate the tenure-of-office act, and
to remove said Stanton from office.
In that on said 21st February he issued to
General Thomas a letter authorizing and em-
powering him to act as Secretary of War, there
being no vacancy in that office, with intent to
violate the tenure-of-oifice act.
In that on the said 21st of February he did
appoint said Thomas to be Secretary for the
Department of War ad interim, without the
advice and consent of the Senate, no vacancy
having happened in said office, with intent to
violate the Constitution of the United States.
In that he conspired with said Thomas to
hinder and prevent said Stanton from filling
said office; to prevent and hinder the execu-
tion of the tenure-of-office act; to get posses-
sion of the War Office, and of the property of
the United States in the Department of War,
in that, with intent to violate the tenure-of-
office act, he authorized said Thomas to act as
Secretary of War, there being no vacancy in
said office, and the Senate then being in session.
