2538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
wait talcott,
Mr. HARDING also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (II. E. No. 1099) for
the relief of Wait Talcott; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to credit to the claimant, an internal rev-
enue collector of the second district of Illinois,
of the 18th of February, 18G5, $556 93, in con-
sideration of the loss of that sum by the rob-
bing of that amount from his deputy, Captain
Richard A.. Smith.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athird time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DONNELLY AND COMPANY.
Mr. HARDING also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the motion in
behalf of Donnelly & Co., of Wilmington, North
Carolina, asking compensation for liquors fur-
nished to the United States hospital.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to state that I was
not aware of this adverse report being made.
There are certain additional papers presented
in the case which I forgot to lay before the
committee, and I therefore ask to have the
memorial recommitted to the committee.
The report was accordingly withdrawn and
ordered to be printed.
CIIAULES BL'TTEKi'IELD.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
on House bill No. 402, for the relief of Charles
Butterficld, a Chippewa half-breed Indian; and
the same was laid on the table.
BENJAMIN GRATZ.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported adversely
on the memorial of Benjamin Gratz, praying
compensation for property taken by the Army
and burned while in its possession; and the
same was laid on the table.
IIEIES OF GIDEON WALKER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported adversely
on House bill No. 477, for the relief of the heirs
of/Gideon Walker, of Indiana.
/Mr. IitJNTER. Will the gentleman from
ylilassachusetts yield to me about ten minutes
/on this case?
/ Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Not
/ to exceed ten minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to the report of
the committee in this case, and I desire to
present some reasons why it should not be
adopted.' This claim, as I understand it, is
founded on the following state of facts: Mr.
Walker, in 1792, was enlisted as a soldier of
the United States to serve for the period of
three years. In August following he was mus-
tered into the United States service. Some
two or three days afterward he was placed on
detached service, and drew from the Govern-
ment six months' clothing and some eight
months' rations. He was away from his com-
mand during the entire time of the three years'
service. During that time he never was mus-
tered for pay, and never received from the
Government a single cent of pay in any way
for all the service he rendered. When his
time of service expired, not being with his
command, he was mustered out of service. His
discharge was delivered to him by his captain
with a promise from the captain that, as there
was no paymaster there to pay him, in a short
time after that lie, the captain, would go to
the capital of the nation for the purpose of
settling his own accounts, and he would then
see that Mr. Walker should receive his pay.
Relying upon that promise, and supposing as
a matter of course that it would all be rteht,
he did not give it the attention that he other-
wise would have done. A short time after that
his captain removed to parts unknown, and
supposing that the evidence of his captain
was necessary, he let his claim lay until he
could ascertain his whereabouts. In the mean
time he removed to Indiana and settled in
the county where I now reside. After wait-
ing a number of years to hear from his captam
he appealed to Congress to have his claim
allowed. It has been reported upon favor-
ably, I believe, by two committees of this
House, and passed the House quite a number
of years ago, but failed to pass the Senate be-
cause there was no one there to look after it.
Now, I understand from the committee that
there is really no objection to this claim, ex-
cept that it is a stale one, and that the records
of the United States having been burned many
years ago the Government now has nothing to
show the condition of this claim, except a record
containing a list of all soldiers that did not
receive their pay, and Mr. Walker's name not
being on that list they take it for granted that
he or some one for him received his pay. Now,
in answer to that, Mr. Walker stated that the
reason his name was not on the pay-roll was
that he never was mustered for or received any
pay during the time he was in the service and
his name never was placed on any pay-roll,
and this statement fully explained to the satis-
faction of the committees who have reported
favorably upon this claim heretofore the reason
that his name did not appear upon that record.
Now, I desire to say to the House that I
knew Mr. Walker well, and knew him to be a
gentleman who would not tell a lie, let alone
swear to one, for the purpose of recovering
money from the Government or from any indi-
vidual ; and when Mr. Walker has stated that
he never received from the United States Gov-
ernment a single cent of pay as a soldier for
the throe years that he served, from 1792 to
1795, I believe the statement and know that it
is true ; and I do hope this House will not adopt
the report of the committee and refuse to pay
this claim because it appears to be a stale one
and the probability might be that some other
person received the money on it instead of
Mr. Walker.
One of my colleagues, [Mr. Homiax,] who
is a member of the Committee of Claims,
knows some of the witnesses in this ease, who
testify as to the character and standing of Mr.
Walker, and knows them to be gentlemen of
the greatest integrity.
Now, a man whose character is above rc-
proaeh, and who served the Government and
proves his service, and then makes oath that
he never received from the Government a sin-
gle cent for that service, unless the Govern-
ment has some record showing that he has
been paid, it seems to me that the Government
ought not to refuse to allow and pay his claim.
Mr. Walker tried for some thirty years to get
his claim from the Government, but failed be-
cause, like all claims of this character, it has
been kept in the hands of the committee until
it was too late to pass through Congress. I
do hope, now that he is dead and gone, that
at this late day the Congress of the United
States will not refuse to pay the heirs of this
man for services rendered many years ago, and
for which he nor they have ever received one
cent.
I am as thoroughly satisfied that Mr. Walker
never received one cent for the services em-
braced within this bill as I am that I am now
addressing this body, and being so convinced,
I appeal to members to pass this bill, and
thereby extend to these heirs that justice which
was so long denied their father.
I desire now to hear from the committee,
and if there are any valid objections raised to
this claim I will ask two or three minutes to
reply to those objections.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. For
what purpose?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. For a
^motion to refer this claim to the Committee
on Military A ffairs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
cannot yield for that purpose. This claim is
an old customer, and has been before the Com-
mittee of Claims for some fifty years; and the
Committees of Claims of different Congresses
for more than fifty years having had charge of
this claim and acted upon it I do not think it
is now necessary to take it from that committee,
to which it properly belongs, and refer it to the
Committee on Military Affairs, which has prop-
erly no jurisdiction over it. I wish to call the
attention of the House to a peculiarity of this
claim. It seems that no claim against the
Government of the United States is ever out-
lawed. Here is a claim for services from the
years 1792 to 1795, upon which the Committee
of Claims now make an adverse report. This
claim has been pressed for the last fifty years
before different Congresses, and never yet' has
succeeded in passing through Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
state what I suppose the gentleman wishes to
state. There have been one or two times when
the House Committee of Claims have made a
favorable report upon this claim, and I believe
that favorable report has been adopted by the
House, but it has never yet passed the Senate.
One of the peculiarities of this case is this:
Mr. Walker served in the Army, as he claims,
for the period named ! but he made no appli-
cation to this Government, so far as the record
shows and so far as he testifies, for any pay
until after the year 1814. Now, it is very strange
that no effort was made to recover his pay
until after that time, until after the year 1814,
after the records of the Government had been
burned——-
Mr. PAINE. Does it appear from his state-
ment or affidavit that he made no application
for his pay until after 1814?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. That
fact appears from his own statement and affi-
davit ; he states that he did not present any
claim until after the year 1814.
Mr. HUNTER. State the reason why.
Mr. WASHBURN) of Massachusetts. The
case was not presented until after the burning
of the public buildings by the enemy in 1814,
prior to which time access could have been
had to the rolls of the paymaster's department,
by which all the facts could have been ascer-
tained. But after those papers were destroyed
it was not possible for the department to ascer-
tain the facts in regard to the claim from those
papers. But the books were preserved upon
which were entered all the names of those who
served at that period, but who had not been
paid by the paymaster. That book did not
contain the name of Gideon Walker, showing
conclusively to the accounting officer that it
Mr. Walker had not been paid, as he claimed,
his name would appear upon this book. I
wish to state here, so that no discredit may
attach to Mr. Walker, that he might have been
perfectly honest in his claim, and still his pay
might have been drawn on an order given by
him on some previous occasion, 'while he him-
self did not receive it personally.
.Now, I do not wish to take up much time
with this case, because the House will under-
stand that the claim extends back for seventy-
eight years, that the_records are burned, and
that the claimant died years ago. Now, is
it necessary for us to go back, under all the
doubts and difficulties connected with this case,
and revive it to make a favorable report ? I
will ask the Clerk to read a letter from the
Ihird Auditor to a former Committee of Claims
upon this case, which, I think, settles the
matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Ihikd Auditok's Office. December 20,1845.
Sir: With regard to the case of Gideon Walker,
wtiose papers you left with me on the 12th instant,
ana who claims pay for services rendered in Captain
bpark s company of riflemen, from 1792 to 1796, I
