14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
[November,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Major General P. II. Sheridan is hereby assigned
to tho command of the department of the Missouri.
Major Gun era I Winfiold S. Hancock is hereby
assigned to tho command of tho department of the
Cumberland. , . . . ,,
The Secrotary of "War ad interim will giro the
necessary instructions to
ANDREW JOHNSON.
II. In pursuance of the foregoing order of the
President of the United States. Major General G. IT.
Thomas will, on the receipt of the order, turn over
his present command to the officer next in r.ink to
himself, and proceed to New Orleans, Louisiana, to
relieve Major Generalt'P. II. Sheridan of the com-
mand of the fifth military district.
III. Major General P. H. Sheridan, on being re-
lieved from the command of the fifth military dis-
trict by Major General G. H. Thomas, will proceed
to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and will relievo Major
General \V. S. Ilancockin thecommaud of the depart-
ment of the Missouri.
IV. Major General "VY. S. Hancock, on being re-
lieved from tho command of the department of the
Missouri by Major General Sheridan, will proceed to
Louisville, Kentucky, and will assume command of
the department of the Cumberland.
V. Major General G. H. Thomas will continue to
execute all orders he may find in force in tho lifth
military district a t the time of his assuming command
of it, unless authorized by tho General of tho Army
to annul, alter, or modify them.
VI. Major General Sheridan, before relieving
Major General Hancock, will report in person to
these headquarters.
By command of General Grant: _ „ _
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
[General Orders, No. 81.]
Headquarters of the Army,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, Auawsf 27,1867.
I. The following orders have been received from
tho President:
Executive Mansion.
Washington, D. 0., August 26,1867.
SlB: In consequence of the unfavorable condition
of the health of Major General George H. Thomas,
as reported to yoa in Surgeon Hasson's dispatch of
tho 21st instant, my order dated August 17, 1867, is
hereby modified so to assign Major General Win-
fieldS. Ilancook to the command of tho fifth military
district, created by the act of Congress passed March
2. 1867, and of the military department .comprising
tho States of Louisiana and Texas. On being relieved
from tho command of thodepartment of the Missouri
by Major General P. II. Sheridan, Major General
Hancock will proceed diiectly to New Oi leans, Louis-
iana, and, assuming the command to which ho U
hereby assigned, will, when necessary to a faithful
execution of the laws, exercise any and all powers
oonterred by acts of Congress upon district com-
manders, and any and all authority pertaining to
officers in command of military departments.
Major Ueneial P. II. Sheridan will at once turn
over his present command to the officer next in rank
to himself, and proceeding, without delay, to Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas, will relieve Major General
Hancock of the command of tho department of the
Missouri.
Major General George II. Thomas will, until further
orders, remain in command of the department of the
Cumberland.
Very respectfully, yours,
ANDREW JOHNSON.
General U. S. Grant,
Secretary of War ad interim.
II. In compliance with the foregoing instructions
of the President of the United States, Major General
P. II. Sheridan will, on receipt of this order, turn
over his present command to Brevet Major General
Charles Griffin, the officer next in rank to himself,
and proceed, without delay, to Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas, and will relievo Major General Hancock in
command of the department of thcMissonri.
III. On being relieved by Major GeneralSheridan,
Major General Hancock will proceed, without delay,
to New Orleans, Louisiana, and assume command of
tho fifth military district, and of the department
composed of the States ot Louisiana and Texas.
IV. Major General George II. Thomas will con-
tinue in command of the department of the Cum-
berland.
By command of General Grant ;
. E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Generals Sheridan and Sickles having been
relieved before the period for submitting their
annual reports; none have been received from
them. They have, however, been called on
recently to submit reports, which may, be ex-
pected before the meeting of Congress.
The territory of the United States not em-
braced in the live military districts is divided
into militaiy divisions (they subdivided into
departments) and departments.
abstract op reports from military divisions
and department commanders.
The Military Division of the Missouri,
commanded by Lieutenant General W. T.
Sherman, embraces the departments of Dakota,
the Platte, and the Missouri ; commanded
respectively by Brevet Major General A. II.
Terry, Brevet Major General C. C. Augur, and
Major General P. II. Sheridan.
Daring the latter part of the year 1806, the
operations of this command were embarrassed
by the necessity of mustering out the volun-
teer troops that bad been organized for the
war of the rebellion, before a sufficient number
of regular troops conld be raised and forwarded
to remote parts of the frontier, to replace them.
The winter of 18G6-G7 proved to be unprece-
dentedly severe, so that it was a physical impos-
sibility to keep open communication with some
of the most remote posts. The garrison of
Fort Phil. Kearney, on Powder river, two
hundred and twenty-three milesdistantfrom old
Fort Laramie, suffered severely from an attack
made by Indians, December 21,18G6, upon a
wagon-train and its escorts, that had been sent
a short distance from the fort to procure lum-
ber, in which Brevet Lieutenant Colonel W.
J. Fetterman and a detachment of forty-nine
men were killed. In December other bands
of hostile Indians made their appearancc at
Fort Buford, and rumors were received of the
massacre of the entire garrison. AH commu-
nication being cut off by the severity of the
weather, great anxiety was felt for the safety
of the garrison for two months, when reports
were received contradicting the capture of the
post.
In the spring of 1SG7 rumors were received
from all quarters of a renewal of Indian hos-
tilities. Though many proved to be greatly
exaggerated, yet depredations and attacks 011
the principal emigrant routes increased to such
an extent that it required the utmost activity
on the part of the troops to keep open commu-
nication with our Territories and protect work-
ing parties on the important railroads now in
process of construction.
A village of the Cheyennes and Sioux, on
Pawnee fork, was burned April 19, as a pun-
ishment for depredations previously committed.
Department commanders visited the scenes
of hostilities in person, and made every effort
with the means at hand to afford protection.
They have at times been greatly embarrassed by
a disposition on the part of iiresponsible per-
sons to precipitate hostilities by false rumors
and sensation reports.
Since the Indian commission provided by
act of July 20, 1867, commenced its labors the
operations of the troops have been confined to
tho defensive, and they are now principally
engaged in garrisoning the most important
posts.
Indians have been employed as soldiers under
the provisions of the act of July 28, 18(16, with
some success. The attention of Congress is
respectfully invited to the remarks of Lieuten-
ant General Sherman on this subject, and also
in regard to providing for a more efficient civil
government in the Indian country.
The following number of trains have passed
Fort Sedgwick, Colorado Territory, from Feb-
ruary 1 to September 28: Trains, 124 ; wagons,
3,074; men, 4,587; women, SOB; children, 587 ;
mules, 5,738; oxen, 11,090; horses, 1,002; led
animals, 948.
The Department of the Cumberland,
Major General G. II. Thomas commanding,
embraces the States of Kentucky, Tennessee,
and West Virginia.
General Thomas reports that with his pres-
ent force he is able, partially, to hold in check
the disloyal tendencies of the people, and to
punish, if not prevent, unlawful proceedings ;
that,, although there still remains much to be
desired in the way of protection to life and
property throughout his command outrages
are not so prevalent as formerly, but the
feeling of the people is still hostile to the
Government.
A small force is retained in West Virginia,
as it is believed that without it the laws would
not be impartially executed. _
In anticipation of trouble 111 Tennessee
at the period of the August elections, the
troop's were so disposed as to be able to ren-
der proper assistance to the civil authorities ill
suppressing riots or violence of any kind.
The department commander was directed to
proceed in person to Memphis, and to maise
the best disposition to guard against an out-
break. The election, however, passed off
quietly, and the services of the troops were
not required. Trouble was again apprehended
at Nashville at the charter election in Septem-
ber, and General Thomas was directed to go
in person to that city, and take every precau-
tion against a disturbance, with the usual
instructions to employ the troops only to pre-
serve peace, not permit them to take sides in
political differences, and to prevent mobs from
aiding any party. General Thomas, by his
presence and advice, again rendered the inter-
position of troops unnecessary.
The Department of the Lakes,
Brevet Major General J. C. Robinson com-
manding, embraces the States of Ohio, Indi-
ana, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin.
The few troops stationed in this department
have been employed in garrisoning the forts
011 our northern frontier.
The Department of Washington,
Brevet Major General W. H. Emory com-
manding. A disturbance being apprehended
in Baltimore upon the occasion of the threat-
ened removal of the police commissioners by
the Governor of Maryland the headquarters
of this department were temporarily trans-
ferred to that city November G, 1SG6, and the
troops were held in readiness to preserve the
peace in case it should become necessary to
employ them. Their services, however, were
not required.
The Military Division of the Pacific,
Major General H. W. Halleek commanding,
embraces the department of the Columbia and
the department of California, commanded re-
spectively by Brevet Major General F. Steele
and Brevet Major Geneial Irvin McDowell.
The territory, including the district of Alaska
or Russian America, contains 1,235,000 square
miles, or more than one third of our entire
territory, estimating it at 3,579,002 square
miles. Coast line is estimated at 12,750 stat-
ute miles—more than three times the length
of our Atlantic coast.
Number of tribal Indians is about 130,000,
or more than one third the whole number in
the United States, estimating this number at
330.000.
White population is about one sixtieth part
of the entire civilized population of the United
States.
Though some depredations have been com-
mitted upon white settlers in nearly everv part
of the military division, active military opera-
tions have been limited to Arizona, southern
Idaho, southeastern Oregon, and the northern
portions of Nevada and California. Mutof
the troops engaged in hostile operations in the
latter district have been under command of
Brevet Major General Crook, who has exhib-
ited skill, bravery, and untiring energv.
• n'\S ha,ve 110 Princi.Pal chiefs, but roam
in small bands, and light independently : hence
the impossibility to make treaties with' them
As their hunting grounds are gradually taken
from them by the settlers they are obliged
either to rob or starve. The Apaches are the
most hostile Indians. They will observe no
treaties, agreements, or truces. With them
there is no alternative but active and vigorous
war till they are completely destnn cd orforced
to surrender as prisoners of war. '
Though, _frorn various causes, operations
against hostile tribes during the past year have
.not been as active and successful as was ex
I pected, considerable progress has been made
