1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of
Thomas Jeremiah and others, officers and em-
ploy6s of the Bowery Savings' Bank, inthe'city
of New York, praying for the repeal of so much
of any act ot Congress now in force providing
for internal revenue as imposes any duty or
tax upon the annual gains, profits, or income
of citizens of the United States.
Also, the petition of Laura Houghton, pray-
ing for compensation for property alleged to
have been stolen from her by officers and sol-
diers of the United States Army.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of J. D.
Leflou and J. C. Harris, for payment for
horses, mules, &c., furnished to the United
States, and for other relief.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 29, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Missouri, in
favor of granting aid for repairing of the levees
and protecting the alluvial lands below the
mouth of the Ohio river; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of an extension
of the time for the completion of the military
road from Port Willtins, Michigan, to Fort
Howard, Wisconsin; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of J.
Clarke Greeley, of Florida, praying to be re-
lieved from civil disabilities imposed on him
by acts of Congress; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of G. D.
Gay, of Montgomery county, Texas, praying a
removal of the civil disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NYE presented a memorial of citizens
of the Territory of Colorado, praying the ad-
mission of that Territory as a State into the
Union, and protesting against the memorial
of H. M. Teller against the admission of said
Territory as a State into the Union; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of R. W.
Meade, captain United States Navy, praying
to be restored to the active list of the Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Mrs. Julia
Whistler, widow of the late Colonel William
Whistler, praying a pension ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS presented an additional paper
in relation to the claim of Elizabeth Carson ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. ROSS presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of a grant of a por-
tion of the land known as the Fort Riley
reserve to aid in the construction of a bridge
across the Kansas river at or near the city of
Ogden; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of granting to the
Leavenworth Coal Company the lease of twenty
acres of land in the southeast portion of the
Fort Leavenworth military reservation ; which
were referred to the Committee bn Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of Peter Mona-
ghan, praying compensation for property taken
by United States troops in 1864; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports ob' committees.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported them with amendments:
A bill (H. R. No. 669) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow;
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a pension to
the widow and children of Andrew Holman ;
A bill (H. R. No. 671) granting a pension to
the widow of Henry Kaneday ;
A bill (H. R. No. 672) granting pensions to
the widow and minor children of Charles W.
Wilcox ;
A bill (H. R. No. 676) granting a pension
to Thomas Connolly;
A bill (H. R. No. 677) granting a pension
to the minor children of James Heatherly ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 770) granting a pension
to John H. Finlay.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 667) granting
a pension to Mary Graham, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 100) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels of
war and steam machinery, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 393) to grant lands and aid to the Port
Royal Railroad Company, in the States of South
Carolina and Georgia, asked to have the bill
printed as amended in the committee and
recommitted to the committee; which was
agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 404) to abolish the office of Adjutant Gen-
eral of the Army; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
405) granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
to aid in the construction of the Green Bajr
and Lake Pepin railway; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
406) providing for the holding of courts in the
Territories belonging to the United States;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 407) to amend an act supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to grant pensions," ap-
proved July 14, 1862; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
lucius p. rryan.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed
tiMnform the Senate whether an indiotment was
pending in the United States district co.urt for the
district of Connecticut, at tho last term thereof,
against Lucius P. Bryan, for robbing the mails, or
for any other offense; whether he, the Attorney
General, instructed the district attorney for said dis-
trict to enter a nolle prosequi in said case; whether
any previous inquiry was made of tho district attor-
ney as to the propriety of such action; whether a
nolleprosequi was entered in obedience to such in-
structions; upon whose recommendation or applica-
tion, oral or written, such instructions wero given ;
and to send to the Senate copies of all papers, let-
ters, and other written matter relating to said case
of the United States against Lucius P. Bryan in the
office of the Attorney General.
governor of idaho.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to inform the Senate for what reasons and
under what law he withholds from tho Governor of
Idaho Territory his salary.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had signed the
enrolled resolution (S. R. No. 114) directing
that the Government of Great Britain be sup-
plied with certain volumes of the Narrative of
the Exploring Expedition.
message mom tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuron, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 25)
for the relief of John II. Ellis, a paymaster in
the United States Army.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 308) for the relief
of the heirs of the late Duncan L. Clinch, de-
ceased, with an amendment, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 599) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 784) to amend the act
entitled "An act authorizing the construction
of a jail in and for the District of Columbia,"
approved July 25, 1866 ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 218) for the
relief of John W. Palmer; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 219) for the
relief of George W. Lane, superintendent of
the branch mint at Denver, Colorado, and
Assistant Treasurer of the United States.
enrolled i5ills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolution :
A bill (S. No. 270) for the temporary relief
of destitute people in the District of Columbia.
A bill (S. No. 002) for therelief of thelieirg
of the late Major General I. B. Richardson,
deceased; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) relating
to the survey of the northern and northwestern
lakes; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
rules OV court of impeachment.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that all other busi-
ness be postponed, and that the Senate pro-
ceed to consider the report of the spccial com-
mittee respecting impeachment.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read the report of the com-
mittee, as follows:
' The select committee appointed to consider and
report upon the message of tho House of Represent-
ative*!, relating to the impeachmentof Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, submit tho fol-
lowing:
BULKS OF PROCEDURE AND PRACTICE IN THE SENATK
WHEN SITTING AS A HIGH COUKT OP IMPEACHMENT :
I. Whensoever the Sen ate shallreceivenotice from
the House of Representatives that managers are
appointed on their part to conduct an impeachment
against any person, and are directed to carry articles
of impeachment to tho Senate, the Secretary of tho
Senate shall immediately inform the House of Rep-
resentatives that tho Senate is ready to receive tne
managers for the purpose of exhibiting such articles
of impeachment agreeably to said notice.
II. "When the managers of an impeachment shall
be introduced at the bar of the Senate, and shall sig-
nify that they are ready to exhibit articles of im-
peachment against any person, the Presiding Officer
of the Senate shall dircet the Sergeartt-at- Arms to
make proclamation: who shall, after makingprocla-
mation, repeat the following words, namely:_ "All
persons are commanded to keep siienee, on painof
imprisonment, while the grand inquest of the nation
is exhibiting to tho Senate of the United States arti-
cles of impeachment against ^after
which the articles shall be exhibited, and then the
Presiding Officer of the Senate shall inform the man-
agers that the Senate will take proper order on the
subject of the impeachment, of which due notice
shall be given to the House of Representatives.
III. Upon such articles being presented to theSenate
the Senate shall, at one o'clock in the afternoon of the
day (Sunday excepted) following such presentation,
or sooner, if so ordered by the Senate, resolve itself
into ahighcourtofimpeachmentforproceedingthere-
on. A quorum of the Senate shall constitute a quorum
of the court, and it shall continue in session from day
to day, (Sundays excepted.) after the trial shall com-
mence, (unless otherwise ordered by the court.)until
final judgment shall be rendered, and so jnuohlonser
