1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3563
Mr. ROBINSON. I can say all I have to
Say in one minute. The proposition in the
substitute is to give $1,800,000 to the western
harbors and $300,000 to the entire Atlantic
coast. I trust that substitute will not prevail.
I am willing to vote any amount that is neces-
sary for the improvement of western harbors ;
but to make provision for nearly $2,000,000 for
them, and only $300,000 for the entire Atlantic
coast, seems to me so one-sided that I wonder
it is entertained by the House.
One word more. If the entire appropria-
tions made in this bill, as reported by the com-
mittee, which are about four million dollars,
were expended upon the improvement of the
harbor at New York, in removing obstructions
from Hell Gate, it would be wisely and well
expended and for the benefit of the whole
country. If I have any time left I yield it to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mul-
Lins.]
The SPEAKER. There is half a minute
remaining.
Mr. MULLINS. I can only say in that
brief time that I am opposed to the substitute
and in favor of the original bill, properly ana-
lyzed', and making appropriations as the neces-
sities of the case require. That is economy,
and nothing more—lo appropriate what the
public demand should be done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. The direct question before
the House is the comparative merits of the
substitute and the original measure. I will,
as well as I can in the five minutes allowed
me, draw this comparison. I say in advance
that I do not regard the substitute as being
free from objections, but I do regard it as
preferable to the original measure. You can
offer nothing of this kind, probably, that would
not be objectionable to some.
Now for the comparison, and I want gentle-
men to understand me. The original bill intro-
duces a system of internal improvements
embracing within its scope some eighty differ-
ent localities. It inaugurates a theory of inter-
nal improvements that will draw from the
Treasury annually not less than $10,000,000,
if it be undertaken. It is undoubtedly made to
cover so much in order to give it strength, to
get into it enough to make votes enough to
carry it. It is vicious in itself, even if we were
prepared now to enter upon such a system, and
embraces within its scope places like Little
Sodas, and others that have been exploded
long ago, and that ought never to have appro-
priations from the General Government.
And now, sir, at the close of our war, when
the nation, as I have had occasion to say before,
groans under the debt contracted to save its
life ; now, when, as has been said, we are start-
ing out upon a campaign for the election of a
President—although that has nothing to do
with the question—you propose, when the
country is thus embarrassed, to enter on this
magnificent scheme of plunder for the ben-
efit of localities. That is the outline of this
original bill.
Now, let me illustrate the truth of these re-
marks. You begin with an appropriation for
the improvement of the Wisconsin river, which
is a small appropriation now, but you are told
by the Bureau of Engineers that it looks to a
ship-canal between the Mississippi river and
the lakes by the way of the Wisconsin river,
and this scheme will lead to immense amounts
of annual expenses.
Mr. ELIOT. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman if the appropriation for the Wisconsin
river is not in his own substitute ?
Mr. DELANO. No, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. It was.
Mr. DELANO. It is not.
Mr. ELIOT. It was, but the gentleman
struck it out.
Mr. DELANO. I am not talking of what
was, but of what is.
Mr. PILE. May not the Secretary of War
include the Wisconsin river?
Mr. DELANO. I cannot be interrupted.
I have not time to analyze the original bill
and show" what it would lead to. The substi-
tute is predicated upon the policy of preser-
ving the works now in existence and in progress
that was adopted during the war. It proposes
limited appropriations less than $2,000,000,
about one million eight hundred thousand dol-
lars for that purpose, to take care of places that
demand attention now, that in consequence of
contracts or of great necessities deserve to be
immediately attended to. What are the objec-
tions to it? Why, it is said that it will not
do to leave the matter to the Secretary of War,
who is at the disposal of the President of the
United States. It is left to the direction of
the Secretary of War, under the advice of the
board of engineers; and without any disre-
spect to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot,] I venture to say that eveiy spe-
cific appropriation which he reports in this
bill was inserted under the advice of that
bureau. It knows best where appropriations
ought to be made, and the information on
which the original bill was prepared came
from that source. I am authorized to say, by
gentlemen who were in the House when this
policy of preserving our works was first inau-
gurated, that no appropriations were ever better
disposed of or better applied than those that
were applied during the war under the same
system that I propose now. It is all gammon,
if I may use a vulgar term, it is all an appeal
to prejudice, to say that it will not answer to
leave this at the disposal of the Secretary of
War for this single year. I would prefer my-
self that this whole matter should go over to
another and better time, but I prefer the meas-
ure that I have introduced to the inauguration
of this broad scheme of plunder and of expend-
itures which will burden this nation, already
overburdened by taxation upon.taxation.
[Here the hammer fell, the time allowed for
debate having expired.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 279) for the relief of
William Henry Otis, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 605) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1869, with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 005) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Messrs. Broomall and Ward obtained in-
definite leave of absence on account of indis-
position.
Mr. Schenck also obtained indefinite leave
of absence.
committee appointments, etc.
The SPEAKER announced the following
appointments to fill vacancies on committees:
On the Committee on Foreign Affairs—lit.
Prui-n.
On the Committee on Expenditures of the
Treasury Department—Mr. Hixds.
Mr. PRUYN. In view of my appointment
as a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, 1 ask to be excused from further ser-
vice upon the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
There being no objection, Mr. Prcyn was
excused.
enrolled bills.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 367) for the relief of Albert
Grant; and
An act (S. No. 452) for the relief of Parker
Quince.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. CAKE. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
^ Jiesoltted, 1'hat in the opinion of this House the
interests of the people at large are not being sub-
served by the consideration ot tlx© river and. harbor
bill at this time; and that with due deference to th©
interests of commerce, and in view of a depleted
Treasury and a languishing home industry, it should
follow the tariff and tax bill into the next session of
the Fortieth Congress; and that therefore the fur-
ther consideration of this bill be postponed until ths
first Monday in December next.
The SPEAKER. The whole resolution ia
not in order, but the motion to postpone, with
which it concludes, is in order and has priority.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move that the bill and
pending amendments be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay oti the
table takes precedence of the motiontopostponer
Mr. HUMPHREY. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 27, nays 98, not
voting 69 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bailey, Baldwin, Beatty, Benton,
BroinweU, Cake* Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Delano,
Eckley, Ela,Ferriss,Golladay, Koontz,William Law-
rence, Marshall, Mcreur, Niblack, Orth, Shanks, Sit-
greaves, Spalding. Van Auken,Van Trump, William
Williams, John T. Wilson, and Woodward—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Deloa
R. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Banks Barnes,Beck, Blair,
Boles, Boutwell, Buckland, Benjamin F. Butler, Cary,
Cobb, Cornell,Cullom, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eg-
gleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry,Griswold,
Grover, Haight, Halsey, Harding, Hawkins. Higby,
Hinds, Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, llulburd. Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones,
Judd, Julian, ICelley, Kelsey, Ketch am. Loan,Lou?,h-
ridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCormick, McKee, Moor-
head, Morrell, Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill,Paine,Peters,Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants,Po-
land, Polsley, Pomeroy. Price, Pruyn. Robertson,
Robinson, Sawyer, Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger;
Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Steven?, Stewart,
Stokes, Taffe, Thomas. Trowbridge,Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, James F. "Wilson, Win-
dow, and Woodbridge—98.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell,
James M. Ashley. Barnum.Beainan, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Buri*. Rod-
erickR. Butler,Chanler,Churchill, ReaderW.Clarke,
Cook, Covode, Dawes, Dodge, Fields, Finney, Fox,
Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner. Gravely. Hill, Hop-
kins, Asahel vf. Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Laflin 
George V.Lawrence,Lincoln. Logan, Mullory, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, McClurg, McCullough, Miller. Moo*e,
Morrissey.Nicholson,Nunn, Perham, Randall, Raum,
Roots.Ross, Schenck.ThaddeusStcvens, Stone, Taber,
Taylor, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Roberfc
T. Van Horn, Ward. Henry D. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood—69.
So tbe motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Cake, to postpone the further considera-
tion of this bill until the first Monday of
December next, after the morning hour.
Mr. WARD and Mr. CAKE called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 89, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Boycr, Bromvrell, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Coburn. Delano, Eck-
ley, Ela, Ferriss, Hulburd, Julian, Koontz, William
Lawrence. Marshall, Marvin, Mercur, Niblack, Orth,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves; Spalding. Taffe,
Van Auken,Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Welker,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wood-
ward—RS.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ames. Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Beck, Blair,
Boles, Boutwell, Buckland, Cary, Cobb, Cornell,"Cul-
lom, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston. Eldridge,
Eliot.Farnsworth, Ferry, Garlield,GolladaytGriMyoJd,
Grover, Haight, Halsey, Harding, Hawkins. Higby.
Hinds, Holinan, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Huobard,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Judd, Keitey,
Loan, Loughridgo, Lynch, Maynard, McCl-urg, Mc-
Kee, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins. Mungen, Myers,
Newcomb, Paine, Peters, Phelps, Pike, I lie, I lants,
Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy* Price, Pruyn, Robertson,
Robinson, Sawyer, Scofield, Selye, Smith, btark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Thomas, Trow-
