THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ia that ho attempted unlawfully to induce
General Emory to obey his orders, and not
those issued by the General of the Army, with
intent to enable liim to defeat the tenure-of-
office act, with intent to prevent said Stanton
from holding his office.
lu that, to bring Congress into contempt,
and cxcite the odium ej the people against
Congress and the laws by it enacted, he made
certain public addresses, indecent and unbe-
coming in the Chief Magistrate, by the means
whereof he brought the office into contempt,
ridicule, and disgrace.
In that he attempted to prevent said Stanton
from resuming the office of Secretary of War,
after the refusal of the Senate to concur in his
suspension; also to prevent the execution of
the act of 2d March, 1867, making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army, and an act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States.
The President, answering, does not contro-
vert the essential facts charged, but insists that
the acts complained of are authorized by the
Constitution and laws ; and further, that if in
any respect this plea fails of a complete justi-
fication he should still be acquitted, as those
acts were all done in good faith in the perform-
ance of public duties, arising in the execution
of his office, imposed upon him by the Consti-
tution and laws and in defense and execution
of them. Concurring in much of the reason-
ing of the Senators who are of opinion that
the answer and defense of the President as to
several of the charges fail of such justification,
I shall content myself with a statement of the
grounds of my opinion upon a portion of the
articles only.
The first three articles and the eleventh re-
late to the attempt to remove Mr. Stanton from
the office of Secretary of War; the authority
to General Thomas to take possession and to
do the duties of the office; the appointment
of General Thomas as Secretary of War ad
interim-, and the attempt to prevent Mr. Stanton
from resuming the duties of his official office
after his suspension had been non-concurred in
by the Senate.
The question arising under these articles
turns chiefly upon the question whether the
tenure of-offiee act is in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the case of
Mr. Stanton was affected by it.
These are understood to be the grounds upon
which the counsel for the President place the
defense to these articles, and that upon which
opinion divides in the Senate.
Ts the tenure-of-office act unconstitutional,
and is Mr. Stanton embraced in its provisions
so as to be protected by it?
As to the first proposition as between the
Senate and the President, it is not anew ques-
tion, and it is difficult to perceive how it can
properly be regarded by either as an open ques-
tion. The act had been fully considered when
it was first enacted in the Senate, was recon-
sidered after it had been returned by the Pres-
ident with his objections fully stated, and again
passed with that unanimity necessary to give it
the force of law, his objections to the contrary
notwithstanding, and calculated to leave little
doubt as to the confidence with which the Sen-
ate held its opinions.
The legislative and executive precedents and
practice in our history touching the power of
the President to remove from office, relied
upon by him as authoritative interpretation of
the Constitution, were known and familiar to
Congress at the time. It is not suggested that
the act was hastily or inconsiderately passed,
as it will not be doubted that Congress had, in
the recent examples of the exercise of-this
power by the Executive, abundant opportunity
of judging of the expediency of a further con-
tinuance of this practice.
The binding force of this practice of removal
by the President rests upon the interpretation
given to the Constitution by the First Congress.
It is not insisted that this interpretation by
that Congress was authoritative and conclusive
upon succeeding Congresses, and if is admitted
Snppr.rcvffevr-- :ll.
that the extent of its authority is as a precedent
only. The question was therefore open to
further legislative regulation, and the practice
which had obtained under the act of 1789 could
properly and should necessarily be modified
or reversed, as experience should dictate that
the public interests demanded. The Congress
of 1867, it will not be denied, tiad all the power
over the subject that the Congress of 1789 is
supposed to have had."
Besides, it is wellj^nown that the Congress
of 1789 were far from having been unanimous
in their opinions and action. One branch was
equally divided upon the measure, aud it finally
passed by the casting vote of the Presiding
Officer; and that from that time to the date of
the act in question the interpretation of the
First Congress had been repeatedly the subject
of grave debate in Congress, and was believed
by the most eminent of our statesmen, jurists,
and commentators upon the Constitution to be
unsound.
Indeed, the President is not understood to
invoke the Senate now to declare void for con-
flict with the Constitution a law which had so re-
cently received its sanction, and that after his
objections to it had been fully considered, but
that the argument presented is rather in extenu-
ation of his refusal to obey and enforce it. For
the purpose of these proceedings, the act in
question may properly and must necessarily be
regarded as valid, unless, indeed, it should be
deemed advisable that Congress should repeal
all laws the validity of which may be questioned
by the President, which he may deein inexpe-
dient, or to which be does not yield a willing
obedience.
We are then brought to consider the question
whether the case of Mr. Stanton was affected
by the tenure-of-office act. The first section
of that act is as follows :
"That every person holding any official office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Sena te, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is,and shall be,
entitled to hold such offieeuntil asuffiessorshall have
been in a like manner appointed and duly qualified,
except as herein otherwise provided: Provided, That
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of War, of
the Navv, and of the Interior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney General, shall hold their offices
respectively for and during the term of the President
by whom they may have been appointed, and for one
month thereafter, subject to removal by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate."
The counsel for the President contend that
" out of this body of the section it is explicitly
declared that there is to be excepted a partic-
ular class of officers, ' except as herein other-
wise provided.'" The Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes,] in his published opinion, says:
"Mr. Stanton's case is not within the body of the
first section. Tho tenure which that provides for is
not the 'tenure of any Secretary."
Other Senators, who agree with Mr. Gkjmes
in the conclusion to which he comes, adopt
the views of the counsel for the President.
'These views are the opposif.es in statement and
principle, and cannot be reconciled with each
other.
The construction of Judge Curtis is, that the
body of the section—the words "every person
holding any civil office, appointed with the
advice and consent of the Senate1'—necessarily
includes Mr. Stanton's case, as he was a civil
officer who had been appointed with advice
and consent of the Senate ; and to get rid of
Mr. Stanton's case he is forced to the construc-
tion that the words "except as herein other-
wise provided'! "except him out of the body
of the section while the Senator from Iowa
accomplishes the same result more directly,
but not less erroneously, by denying altogether
that his case is included in the body of the
section. It admits of no argument that this
last opinion is unsound, and that conclusions
drawn from such premises are untenable. The
words " every person holding any civil office,"
&c., by the force of the unavoidable meaning
of language, it must be conceded, embrace the
case of Mr. Stanton, then holding the office
of Secretary of War.
But leaving this discrepancy of deduction I
turn to the construction of the act of Judge
Curtis, which seems to be the generally received
interpretation of those who hold that- Mr.
Stanton's case is not provided-for lii tbe act.
He concedes^ that the words '' every person
holding any civil office," ^c., include Mr.
Stanton, but insists that the worda " except as
herein otherwise provided," taken in connec-
tion with the proviso that follows, operate to
exchtde him from this .general description of
persons.
The words " except as herein ©tirerwise-pro-
vided," it is plain, either standing-alone or
taken in connection with the proviso, are not
entitled to the force of terms of. absolute
exclusion, but rather are used in the" sense
of qualifying some antecedent provision in the
body of the section. Now, what are these
antecedent words or provision to which these
qualifying words relate, and which they are
supposed to modify ? Do they qualify the pro-
vision "every person holding any civil office,'1
&c., "except as herein otherwise provided,"
or the words " is and shall be entitled to hold
his said office until his successor shall in like
manner be appointed and qualified?" " except
as herein otherwise provided."
Do the qualifying words operate to exclude
a portion of the persons from holding office
under this act altogether, or do they operateto
qualify the condition of holding? The former
construction, it is submitted, does violence to
the intent of the act; besides, it is an obvious
misapplication of the qualifying words to a
portion of the section to which they do not
relate. It is clear that it was the intent of the
act to regulate a tenure of office of some sort
of all the persons described in the body of the
section, that is, "every person holding any civil
office," &c.; but by this construction a portion
of those persons fail to be provided for alto-
gether ; while the adoption of the other view
provides for them a tenure of office, but differ-
ent in its conditions, and is thus in harmony
with the objects of the law.
If it be accepted that the Secretaries are not
excepted out of the body of the section, aud
that the effect of the proviso is simply to pro-
vide and determine what their tenure of office
shall be, the only remaining question is whether
the provision does make such tenure for Mr.
Stanton. It is contended that it does not, as
he was not the appointee of Mr. Johnson, and
that the term of Mr. Lincoln, whose appointee
he was, was determined by death. It is con-
ceded that Mr. Stanton was appointed by Mr.
Lincoln in his first term of office, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to hold
during the pleasure of the President for the
time being; that he was duly holding office
under that appointment in the second term of
Mr. Lincoln and up to his death. He was,
therefore, the appointee of Mr. Lincoln by
original appointment, in his first term, and not
less so in his second term, in effect, by adop-
tion and continuance in office under the first
appointment, the person aud office being iden-
tical, and there being no limitation in the ten-
ure of office, except the pleasure of the Presi-
dent for the time being. Mr. Stanton was,
therefore, properly holding office by appoint-
ment of Mr. Lincoln in his second term at his
death. He continued to hold under such
appointment and commission from Mr. Lincoln
alter the succession of Mr. Johnson, and by
his adoption and continuance in office, and was
so holding at the passage of the tenure-of-otiioe
act,.
But it is said that if he is to be regarded as
the appointee of Mr. Lincoln in his second
term he is still not embraced in the terms of
this act, as that term closed with the death of
Mr. Lincoln, and that since that event lie has
been holding in the term of Mr. Johnson. It
therefore becomes necessary to determine what
was the "term" of President Lincoln. Was it
an absolute period of four years, or was it that
j period during which he served in his office ;
j the period for which he was elected, or the
! period he held and occupied his office? Was
| the term of Ins office subject, in the language
I of the counsel for the President, to a " eondi-
