182
THEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
ing this impeachment question to "withhold my
judgment and preserve my mind in such a con-
dition that I could vote understanding^ and
properly upon it to the best of my ability. For
this reason I have neither lectured on impeach-
ment nor referred to it in any speech either
before 1 was elected or since. I have striven
to avoid, iu making up my determination, the
impulse of party spirit or blind malice on the one
hand, and the use of that sharp cutting of legal
ratiocination which some casuistical expert gen-
tlemen of high attainments in this House seem
inclined to use, and who are never better pleased
with their own legal prowess than when they
can cut so close as to pierce the Constitution
between the joints of its harness.
[Here the hammer fell.]
RECONSTRUCTION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States, passed March 2, 1867, and the several
acts amendatory thereto;" and the same was
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
HUDSON RIVER WEST SHORE RAILROAD.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill granting a cer-
tain right of way to the'Hudson River West
Shore Railroad Company.
The bill gives the consent of the United
States to the Hudson River West Shore Rail-
road Company to locate, construct, and operate
its railroad on the shore line across the prop-
erty belonging to the Government at west
Point, in the State of New York, upon such
location and under such regulations as shall
be approved by the Secretary of War.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third timeand being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
BREVET RANK IN THE ARMY.
Mr. DODGE, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
they do not pass, bill of the House No. 66, to
amend the act of April 10, 1806, for establish-
ingrules and articles for the government of
the Armies of the United States; and joint
resolution of the House No. 117, to amend
an act approved April 10, 1806, for establish-
ing rules and articles for the government of
the Armies of the United States; and the
sawe were laid on the table.
Mr. DODGE, from the same committee,
reported a bill to amend the act of April 10,
1806, for establishing rules and articles for the
government of the Armies of the United States;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill repeals the sixty-first article of the
act of April 10, 1806, and provides that from
and after its passage commissions by brevet
shall only be conferred in time of war and for
distinguished conduct in the public service in
the presence of the enemy, and that all brevet
commissions shall bear date from the particu-
lar action or service for which the officer is
breveted.
Mr., DODGE. I move the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I think this bill ought to
be printed before we proceed to act upon it. It
changes one of the articles of war, and what
that article i31 do not know.
Mr. DODGE. I will explain. The bill
repeals the sixty-first article providing that an
officer can assume command under his brevet
rank in mixed commands. It meets the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War and the unan-
imous approval of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The other provision of the bill was that here-
after no appointment by brevet shall be made
except for service in the field and shall then
I now move
date from that particular service,
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table, j
The latter motion was agreed to.
MUSTER-ROLLS. |
Mr. DODGE, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, joint res-
olution of the House No. 12, directing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish certain muster-rolls
to the different States.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary
of War to furnish, on the application of the
adjutant general of any State, certified copies
of the muster-in and muster-out rolls of any
organization of volunteers from such State serv-
ing in the late war for the suppression of the
rebellion on the representation of such adjutant
general that said rolls have not been returned
by United States mustering officers to his de-
partment.
The committee reported an amendment, to
strike out the words " adjutant general'' where
they occur, and insert "Governor" in lieu
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WEEKLY PAYMENTS Or THE ARMY.
Mr. HAWKINS, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back a resolution in
regard to paying the Army once a week, and
asked that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion was laid on the table.
CITIZENSHIP OF INDIANS.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back a petition of
citizens of Waype county, Indiana, praying
Congress to grant to the Indians the rights of
citizenship, of ownership of the soil, to sue in
the courts of the United States, and other par-
ticular and general relief, with a recommenda-
tion that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The recommendation of the committee was
concurred in.
PAY OF COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the joint Committee on the Pay of
the Employes of the two Houses of Congress be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of fixing the
pay of clerks of the committees of this House by
law, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
I will explain in a few words the object of
this resolution. There was a resolution sent
to our committee, I suppose as a matter of
information, informing us of the action of this
House in reference to the pay of clerks of cer-
tain committees. That led me to look into the
matter;- and the committee have suggested the
action embraced in the resolution, in conse-
quence of the following state of facts:
There are three classes of clerks of commit
tees of this House, that is, classified according
to the mode in which they are paid. One class
of clerks are paid an annual salary; but the
same salary is not paid to all the clerks that
come within that class, though all are paid by
the year. A second class are paid six dollars
per day each during the sessions of Congress.
And a third class are paid four dollars a day
each during the sessions of Congress.
Now there appears to be no general equi-
table arrangement by which these various
clerks of committees are paid. For instance,
under the action of the House, taken on the
• motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] a few days ago, the clerk of the
Committee on Military Affairs has his salary
! reduced to four dollars per day instead of six
dollars per day, which he received during the
! last two Congresses, the Thirty-Eighth and
Thirty-Ninth Congresses. That clerk has per-
haps as much labor to perform as_ any other
clerk of committee, with the exception, it may
be, of two other committees in the House,
and yet he is put down in the lowest class of
pay of any clerks of the House.
Now, I object to the mode by'which this
matter is settled. One man slips in a resolu-
! tion quietly in a thin House by which the
clerk of his committee shall have a certain
salary, and another man, watching a favorable
opportunity, slips in a resolution in regard to
) his clerk; and the consequence is that we
have four different payments to clerks, some
! by the year and some by the day, and in a
manner that does manifest injustice.
I therefore, by the order of the Committee
on Military Affairs, ask that this resolution be
passed directing the proper committee having
charge of the salaries of the officers of the
Senate and the House to bring in a bill regu-
lating the pay of the clerks of the committees
of the House and putting them upon some
equitable basis. I now call the previous ques-
tion. , _ .
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CASHIERED ARMY OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 201, being a bill relating to officers of the
Army dismissed or cashiered by sentence of a
general court-martial.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that no
officer of the Army of the United States who
has been or shall hereafter be cashiered or dis-
missed from the service by the sentence of a
general court-martial, formally approved by
the proper reviewing authority, shall ever be
restored to the military service except by a
reappointment confirmed by the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. GARFIELD. I presume that this bill
requires no explanation. If any gentleman
has any question to ask I will cheerfully
answer it. If no gentleman wishes to propound
any inquiry I will call the previous Question
on the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg to inquire of the
gentleman whether in this proposed legislation
the committee had not in view the case of some
individual, rather than the general principle.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say to the gentle-
man that the bill, as he will see, is perfectly
general in its terms, and makes no sort of
allusion to any individual. It is, of course,
designed to apply to any case that may arise;
and being in its terms as " broad and general
as the casing air," it will perhaps apply to
many cases. Certainly, it seems to me, it
ought to apply to all cases coming within its
terms; and I am glad to say to the gentleman
that the bill was passed unanimously in the
Committee on Military Affairs, there being a
full attendance of the committee,
I will, however, while on the floor, say that
there has arisen during, the late war a custom
never known before in the military service, of
restoring officers after they were fully and
