THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
February-It,
as may, in its judgment, bo needful. Immediately
upon theSenat© resolving itself into such high court of
impeachment, the Secretary of the Senate shall ad-
ministerto the Presiding Officer (unless he shall be the
Chief Justice) the oath required by the Constitution
of theUnited States in such cases, and in the form
hereinafter prescribed, and thereupon the Presiding
Officer shall administer such oath to the members of
the Senate then present, and to the other members
of the Senate as tbey shall appear, whose duty it shall
be to take the same.
IV. The Presiding Officer of the Senate shall be the
presiding officer of the high courtof impeachment,
except when the President of the United States, or
the Vice President of the United States upon whom
the powers and duties of the office of President shall
have devolved, shall bo impeached, in which case
the Chief Justice of tho Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States shall preside; and in a case requiring the
said Chief Justice to preside, noticeshall be given to
him by tl'6 Presiding Officer of theScnateof thetime
and placs fixed for the organization of thehigh court
of impeachment, as aforesaid, with a request to
attend, andheshall preside over said court until its
final adjournment.
V. The presiding officer of the court shall have
power to make and issue, by himself or by the Sec-
retary of the Senate, all orders, mandates, writs, and
preccpts authorized by these rules, or by the court,
and to mako and enforce such other regulations and
orders in the premises as the court may authorize or
provide. 1
VI. The court shall have power to compel the
attendance of witnesses, to enforco obedience to its
orders, mandates, writs, precepts, and judgments, to
preserve ordor, and to punish in a summary way
contempts of and disobedience to its authority,
orders, mandates, writs, precepts, or judgments, and
to make ail lawful orders, rules, and regulations,
which it may deem essential or conducive to the
ends of justicc. And the presiding officer may, by
the direction of the court, require the aid and assist-
ance of any officer or person m the military, naval,
or civil service of the United States, to enforce, exe-
cute, and carry into effect the lawful orders, man-
dates. writs, precepts, and judgments of said court.
VII. The Presiding Officer of the Senate shall
direct all necessary preparations in the Scnato
Chamber, and the presiding officer of the court shall
direct all the forms of proceeding while tho Senate
are sitting forth© purpose of trying an impeachment,
and all forms during the trial not otherwise spe-
cially provided for. And the presiding officer of the
court may rule all questions of evidence and inci-
dental questions, which ruling shall stand as tho
judgment of tho court, unless some member of the
court shall ask that a formal vote be taken thereon,
in which case it shall bo submitted to the court for
decision; or he may, at his option, in the first in-
stance, submit any such question to a vote of the
members of the court.
VIII. Upon the presentation of articles of im-
peachment and the organization of the court as here-
inbefore provided, a writ of summons shall issue to
the accused, reciting said articles, and notifying him
to appear before saidcourt upon a day and at a place
to be fixed by saidcourt and named in such writ, and
file his answer to said articles of impeachment, and
to stand to and abide the orders and judgments of
said court thereon; which writ shall be served by
such officer or person as shall benamedin the precept
thereof, such number of days prior to the day fixed
for such appearance as shall be named in such pre-
cept, either by the delivery of an attested copy thereof
to the person accused, or if that cannot conveniently
bo done, by leaving such copy at the last known place
of abode of such person, or at his usual place of busi-
ncssin some conspicuous place therein; or if such
Service shall be, in the judgment of such court, im- *
practicable, notice to tho accused to appear shall be
given in such other manner, by publication or other-
wise, as shall be deemed just; and if the writ afore-
said shall fail of service in the manner aforesaid, tho
proceedings shall not thereby abate, but further ser-
vice may be made in such manner as the court shall
direct. If the accused shall fail to appear, either in
person or by attorney on the day so fixed therefor as
aforesaid, or appearing shall fail to file his answer to
such articles of impeachment, the trial shall proceed
nevertheless as upon a plea of not guilty. If a pica
of guilty shall be entered, judgment may be entered
thereon without further proceedings.
IX. At twelve o'clock and thirty minutes after
noon of the day appointed for the return of the sum-
mons against the person impeached, tho legislative
and cxecutivo business of the Senate shall be sus-
pended, and the Secretary ofthcSenatc shall admin-
ister an oath to the returning officer in the form fol-
lowing, namely: "I, , do solemnly swear
that the return made by me upon tho process issued
on the day of , by the Senate of the United
States, sitting as a high court of impeachment,
against , is truly made, and that I liavo
performed such service as therein described. So help
me God." Which oath shall be entered at large on
the records.
X. Tho person, impeached shall then be called to
appear and answer the articles of impeachment
against him. If he appear, or any person for him,
theappearance shall be recorded, stating particularly
if by himself or by agent or attorney, naming the
person appearing, and the capacity in which he ap-
pears. If he do not appear, either personally or by
agent or attorney, the same shall be recorded.
XI. At twelve o'clock and thirty minutes after
noon of the day appointed for the trial of an im-
peachment, the legislative and executive business of
the Scnato shall be suspended, and the Secretary
shall give notice to tho House of "Representatives that
the Senate is ready to proceed upon the impeachment
Qi     ""fiutheSenateChamb©r, whioh Cham-
ber is prepared with accommodations for the recep-
tion of the House of Representatives.
XII. The hour of the day at which the Senate shall
sit as a high court of impeachment shall bo (unless
otherwise ordered) twelve o'clock m.; and when the
hour for suchsittingshall arrive, thePresiding Officer
of the Senate shall so announce; and thereupon the
presiding officer of the court shall cause proclam ation
to be made, and tho business of tho court shall pro-
ceed. The adjournment of the Senate, sitting as a
high courtof impeachment, shall not operate as an
adjournment of the Senate; but on such adjourn-
ment of the court, the Senate shall resume the con-
sideration of its legislative and executive business.
XIII. The Secretary of the Senate shall record the
proceedings in cases of impeachment, as in the case
of legislative proceedings, and the samo shall be
reported in tho samo manner as the legislative pro-
ceedings of the Senate.  
XIV. Counsel for the parties shall be admitted to
appear and be heard upon an impoachment.
XV. All motions made by tho parties to thoir
counsel shall bo addressed to the Presiding Officer,
and if he shall require it, they shall be committed to
writing and read at tho Secretary's table.
XVI. Witnesses shall be examined by one person
on behalf of the party producing them, and then
cross-examined by one person on the other side.
XVII. If a Senator is called as a witness, he shall
b© sworn, and give his testimony standing in his
place.
XVIII. If a Senator wishes a question to be put
to a witness, or to offer a motion or order, (cxcept a
motion to adjourn,) it shallbe reduced to writing,
and put by the Presiding Officer.
XIX. At all times while the Senate is sitting upon
the trial of an impeachment, the doors of the Senate
shall bo keptopen. unless the court shall direct the
doors to bo closed while deliberating upon its de-
cisions.
XX. All preliminary or interlocutory questions
and all motions shall be argued by one person only
on each side, and for not exceeding one hour on
cach side, unless the court shall, by order, extend
the time.
XXI. The final argument on the merits may be
made by two persons on cach side, and the argument
shall bo opened and closed on the part of the House
of Representatives.
XXII. If the impeachment shall not be sustained
by the votes of two thirds of the members of said
high court of impeachment present and voting a
judgment of acquittal shall bo entered; but if tho
person accuscd in such articles of impeachment shall
bo convicted by the votes of two thirds of tho mem-
bers of such court present, the court by its presiding
officer shall proceed to pronounce judgment, and a
certified copy of such" judgment shall bo deposited in
tho office of the Secretary of State.
XXIII. All the orders and decisions shall be made
and had by yeas and nays, which shall bo entered on
tho record, and without debate, except when the
doors shall bo closed for deliberation, and in that
case no member shall speak more than oncc on one
question, and for not more than tun minutes on an
interlocutory question, and for not more than fifteen
minutes on tho final question, unless by unanimous
consent; out a motion to adjourn, and the questions
mentioned in rule VII, may be decided by a, viva voce
vote, unless tho yeas and nays be demanded by one
filth of the members present.
XXIV. Witnesses shall be sworn in the following
form, viz: "You, , do swear (or affirm,
as the case may be) that the evidence you shall give
in the case now pending between the United States
and shall be the truth, tho whole truth,
and nothing but the truth. So help you God;" which
oath shall be administered by the Secretary.
Form of subpoena to be issued on tho application
of the manngcis of the impeachment, or of the party
impeached, or of his counsel:
To , greeting;
You, and each of you, arc hereby commanded to
appear before the Senate of the United States, sit-
ting as a high court of impeachment, on tho   day
of , at the Senate Chamber, in the city of Wash-
ington, then and there to testify your knowledge in
the cause which is before the Senate, sitting as afore-
said, in which tho House of Itepresentatives have
impeached .
Fail not.
Witness , and Presiding Officer of the
Senate, sitting as aforesaid, at the City of Washing-
ton, this day of , in the year of our Lord
, and of the independence of the United States
the -
Form of direction for the service of said subpoena:
Tho Senate of the United States, sitting as a high
court of impeachment, to , greeting:
You are hereby commanded to serve and return
tho within subpeena according to law.
Dated at Washington this day of , in tho
year of our Lord , and of tho independence of
the United States the .
 , Secretary of the Senate.
Form of oath to be administered to thePresiding
Ofiiccrand members of the Senate sitting as a high
courtof impeachment;
I solemnly Mvoar (or affirm, as tho case may be)
that in all things appertaining to the trial of the
impeachment of , now pending, I will do
impaitial justice according to the Constitution and
laws. So help me God.
Form of summons to bo issued and served upon the
person impeached:
The United States of America, ss:
The Senate of the United States, sitting as a high
court of impeachment, to , greeting :
Whereas tho House of Representatives of the Uni-
• day of-
ted States of America did, on the -
exhibitto theSenate articles of *
you, the said—2 , in ti .
[Here insert the articles.]
A nd demand that you, the said , should
be put to answer the accusations as set forth in said
articles; and that such proceedings, examinations,
trials, and judgments might be thereupon had as
are agreeable to law and justice:
You, the said , are therefore hereby
summoned to be and appear before the Senate of the
United States of America, sitting as a high court of
impeachment, at their Chamber, in thecity of Wash-
ington* on the day of , then and there to
answer to the said articles of impeachment, and then
and tb ere to abidt-by, obey, and perform such 01 ders,
directions, and judgments a« the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, sitting as aforesaid, shall make in tho
premises, according to the Constitution and laws of
the United States.
Hereof you are not to fail.
Witness , and Presiding Officer of the
said Senate, sitting as such high court of impeach-
ment, at the city of Washington, this day of
in the year of our Lord , and of the inde-
pendence of the United States the -
Form of precept to be indorsed on said writ of
summons:
The United States op America, ss:
The Senate of the United States, sitting as a high
court of impeachment, to —; , greeting:
You are hereby commanded to deliver to and leave
with . it conveniently to be found, or if
not, to leave at his usual placo of abode, or at his
usual place of business, in some conspicuous place,
a true and attested coj)y of the within writ of sum-
mons, together with a like copy of this precept; and
in whichsoever way you perform this service let it
be done at least days before the appearance day
mentioned in said writ of summons.
Fail not, and make return of this writ of summons
and precept,with your proceedings thereon indorsed,
on or before tho appearance day mentioned in the
said writ of summons.
Witness , and Presiding Officer of # the
Senate, sitting as aforesaid, at the city of Washing-
ton, this day of , in tho year of our Lord
 , and of the independence of the United States
the .
All proccss shall be served by the Sergcant-at-
Arms of the Senate, unless otherwise ordered by the
court.
XXV. If the Senate shall at any time fail to sit as
such court on tho day or hour fixed therefor, the
Senate may, by an order to be adopted without de-
bate, fix a day and hour for sitting as such court.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion ia on the adoption of the report of the
select committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose it would be
better to take the vote on each one of the arti-
cles or rules. It is very possible, Mr. Px-esi-
dent, that some members of the Senate—I am
one of that number—may be in favor of very
many of those articles, but opposed to some
one or more than one of them. It appears to
me, therefore, that it would be advisable that
each article should be considered by itself.
Now, as we Have heard the whole and see what
the result of the whole is, we shall be able to
ascertain what is the propriety of adopting
each one of those articles. I move, therefore,
that we consider the report article by article.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from Maryland, also, that they had better be
considered as in Committee of the Whole,
article by article. Wc desire to get them
right.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mi\ DAVIS. Before the Senate resolves
itself into Committee of the Whole I will make
a motion with a view to bringing up a question
in regard to which I am not satisfied that I
shall receive any support in the Senate. How-
ever, I will make my proposition. I move to
recommit this report back to the select com-
mittee with special instructions, which I send
to the Chair and ask to have read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky moves that the report be
recommitted to the committee, with instruc-
tions, which will be read.
^ Ihe Secretary read the proposed instruc-
tions, which were:
That the committee report as a substitute for the
rules3ust read the following:
That th e Constitution of the United States having
appointed tho Senate to be the court to try all im-
peachments; and having provided that the Senate
shah be composed of tw° Senators from cach State;
and the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas,
■ Louisiana, and Florida having each chosen
two Senators; and those Senators not having been
admitted to their seats m the Senate, while they con-
tinue to be excluded the Senate cannot bo formed
