3564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27',
bridge, Twichcll, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, CadwaladerC. Washburn, ElihuB.Washburne,
William 13. Washburn, Thomas Williams, James P.
Wilson, Windom, and Wood bridge—89.
ii-t, .J- xiuu\v  wu&auAcuner, vxiavciy,
Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
iXHnbbarn.l fun tor, IngersoH.Kelsey,Kerr,Kctcham
Kitchen,Knott, Laflin, GcorgeV. Lawrence, Lincoln,
Logan, Mallory, McCarthy, McCormick, McCul-
loch. Millar. Moore, Morrissey, Nicholson, Nunn,
0 iSeill, Perhaui, Randall, Raum, Hoots, Ross,
bcUenck, Ihaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taber,
-taylor, John Trimble, Lawrence S.Trimble, Robert
I. Van Horn, Henry X). Washburn, Stephentt. Wil-
son, and Wood—07.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
ihe question recarred upon the motion of
Mr. Bailey to amend the instructions moved
by Mr. Dklaxo, so asto instruct the committee
to report a substitute to read as follows:
One million dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, is hereby appropriated out oi any money
in the .treasury not already appropriated lor the
preservation ol public works commenced for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors, and lor the per-
formance of contracts heretoforolc^allymadoby the
uovcrnnient for such works, which money is to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. Is it
in order to move an amendment to the amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. S'J EVENS, of New Hampshire. Then I
move to amend the amendment so as to instruct
the Committee on Commerce to report back
this river and harbor bill amended by striking
out all relating to the Louisville and Port-
land canal, and reducing the respective items
of appropriation one half. And now, Mr.
Speaker 
rhe SPEAKER. The House has closed
debate.
Mr. STEVENS-, of New Hampshire. I
merely wish to say that if this motion be
adopted I shall a&k the House to give unani-
mous consent that the committee may report
the bill at any time.
The amendment of Mr. Stevens, of New
Hampshire, to the amendment of Mr. Bailey
was not agreed to, there being—ayes thirty,
noes not counted.
question recurring on the amendment
or Mr. Bailey, it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion
of Mr._ 1>elako, to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Commerce, with instructions to
report the bill with the following amendment:
Strike out a,11 after the enacting clause and insert:
Inat the tallowing amounts of money aro hereby
appropriated to be expended by the Secretary of
Wnr. under the advice of the Bureau of Engineers,
tor the repair and preservation of certain harbors,
tor the improvement of certain rivers, and for the
protection ot existing works of improvement from
deterioration, and for such extension of the ^mie and
the continuation and completion of works under
contract as the safety of commerce at their respective
places may demand:
*"rth3 improvement of harbors on the northern
lakes and tor tho St. Clair flats, $500,000.
«150!000?°lmprovement of harbors on the sea-coast,
For the improvement of rivers. 81,300,000
in wl&i'rt "f reports, maps, and diagrams
on bridges on tho Mississippi river, $3,000, and for
purchase and repair of instruments. SI,000, and for
Mane,°|l,1)00dooponmg the ship-canal atSault Ste.
And be It further enucled, That all work done under
the authority of this act shall bo performed under
contract to be made with the Secretary of War, who
shall prescribe suitable rules for issuing proposals
for materials or labor, having regard to the most
effective use of moneys hereby appropriated: Pro-
vided, lhat separate proposals and contracts shall
be required in all cases when the same can be, in the
judgment of the Secretary, judiciously and nronerlv
made. '
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to inquire
whether this question is divisible, so that we
may have a separate vote on the question of
reference.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
with instructions is not divisible.
Mr. DELANO. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative-
58; as follows:
-yeas 33, nays 103, not voting
\ EAS—Messrs. Baker, Beatty, Benjamin,Benton,
Boles, Benjamini1.Butler,Cake,Sidney Clarke,Cul-
lom, Delano, JSckley, Ela, tfarnswoith, Oarfield,
llulburd, Iveteham, Koontz, William Lawrence,
William Williams, and John T. Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arucll, l>elos 11, A&hley, Bailey, Banks, Barnes,
Beck, Blair, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Buokiand,
Gary, Chanter, Cobb, Goburn, Cornell, Dixon, Bon-
nelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Kldndge, Eliot, feriiss,
.terry, Golhiday, Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Ilaight,
Halsey, Haidmg, Higby, Hinds, llolman, Hooper,
liotchki&s, Chester 1). ilubbard, Humphrey, Jonckes,
Johnson, Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Knott, Loan, Loughridffe,Lynch,Maynard.fticClurg,
McCormick, AIcKee, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Afungen, Myers, Newcomb, Paine, Peters, Phelps,
Piko, Pile, Plants, Poland, Poieley. Poineroy, Price,
Iruyn, ilaum, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer,
bclienck, fecofleld, Selyo, Shanks, Shellabarger,
buiith, Staikweather,Stewart,Stokes,Taffe, Thomas,
irowbridgo, Twicliell, Upson, Van Aornam, Van
Aukcn, Burt V an Horn, Ward, Cadwaladcr C.Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James P. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridgc, and Wood-
ward—103.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, JamesM. Ashley,
Axtell, Baldwin, Barnum, Boaman, Bingham,
Blame, Brook*, Broomall, Burr, Roderick R. Butler
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Covode^-Dawes,
l>oage, lucjds, Finney, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenncr,
Hawkins. Hill, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, llich-
Tn-1• llubbard. Hunter, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kerr,
Lafhn. George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Mai-
lory, McCaithy, McCullough, Miller, Moore, Mor-
llorn, Stophen F. Wilbon, and Wood—58,
So the motion to recommit with instructions
was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Ilouae now resumes
the consideration of the bill by paragraphs
under the five-minute rule. Thependiugques-
tion is upon tho amendment of the gentleman
irora Ohio [Mi* Spaldixg.] which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
_ On page 4, after line sixty-four, inseit the follow-
ing :
For increasing the capacity of the ship-canal at
bault fete. Marie, Michigan, $30,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
"improvement of Erie harbor, Pennsylvania,
Mr. "V AN AERNAM. I move to amend by
inserting after the paragraph just read ''for
improvement of harbor at Dunkirk, $25,000."
I otter this amendment with the approbation
of the committee. It is to continue a work
already in progress at a harbor which is one of
tho most important on Lake Erie.
Mr. \\ ASIIBUIiNJS, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand the gentleman to say that this amend-
ment is offered with the approbation of the
Committee on Commerce?
Mr. \AN AERNAM. The committee, after
consideration, agreed that it should come in.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. I should
like to know when the committee passed upon
the subject.
Mr. Kr.TOT. I can explain this matter.
Jilio gentleman from New York [Mr. Van
Aerxam] called the attention of the committee
to this question, and a sub-committee having
the matter in charge examined the question.
My colleague on the committee, the gentleman
lrom Ohio, [Mr. Egumstox,] has in his hands
a letter upon winch the committee acted in
agreeing that the gentleman from New York
should have the opportunity to offer this amend-
ment. It is not assented to as a part of the
bill; but it has the approbation of the sub-
committee ; and it was agreed the gentleman
should have the opportunity to take the sense
of the House upon the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know when the committee passed upon
this question.
Mr. ELIOl, I have not said the committee
passed upon this specific item.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. The Committee on
Commerce permitted this amendment to be
ottered after duo investigation. This harbor
is htth in commercial importance on Lake
LiiCj and when the railroad^ that are now in
rapid process of construction, are completed,
it will be the fourth. I ask the Clerk to read
the letter which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
United States Engineer Office,
Detroit, Muy 1,1868.
Bear Sir : I am in recept of yours of 29th ultimo,
relative to appropriations for I)tmkirk harhc.r, and
hasten to reply. You say your Representative, Hon*
H. Yan Aernam, informed you "there would be
no trouble in securing this appropriation had you
(meaning me) not recommended that there be Done
granted." Now, I am quite as much surprised at'
this piece of erroneous information as the citizens of
his district can be. The honorable gentleman has
undoubtedly been misinformed, and I regret the mis-
take exceedingly, as it seems to have placcd me unde-
servedly in a position antagonistic to the interest of
your harbor. The facts aro these. In my very last
annual report, made loth July last, I recommended
an additional appropriation ot $50,000 to be made the
present session ot Congress for completion this work.
That recommendation I'have not retracted. The
sum wo already had, with an additional appropria-
tion of $30,000, is all X need to complete the harbor
upon the plan approved at Washington. I have advo-
cated the completion, and shult continue to do so in
all proper manner at my command. It is for your
Representative to insist upon what I asked for.
It is possible that the error of your Representative
may have arisen from another report I, as well as
every other engineer officer, was called upon to make
this last winter, namely, "To state the amount each
would require to prevent injury to what would be
done up to 30th June, 1868, from that time forward to
30th June, 1869, on each work under our charge."
Now, in answer to this, I reported that Dunkirk
would require nothing to be appropriated for this
purpose, as we# had more than enough already to
prevent this injury, .But no one has any right to
confound this report and estimate, with my annual
reports wherein I claimed 850,000 to be appropriated
the present session for completing Dunkirk harbor.
Very respectfully. your obedient servant,
„ 7 , „ , T. J. GRAIN,
Colonel Brevet Major General Engineers.
Winans, esq., President of the Village of Dun-
kirk, hew York.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise not to oppose this
amendment, but to ask consent to make a sin-
gle statement in regard to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Vax Atsiixam, it was agreed to—ayes
sixty-one ; noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improvement of Olcott harbor, New York,
UUU.
For improvement of harbor at Charlotte, New
York, 410,000.
For improvement of harbor at Little Sodus, New
York, $10,000.
improvement.of Oswego harbor, New York,
spJ7,UV(/.
Mr. POMEROY. On behalfof my colleague,
[Mr. Churchill,] wlio represents the Oswego
district, and who is absent, I move to strike out
"$87,000" and insert "$60,000." I am told
that this is pursuant to the recommendation
of the Burea.u of Engineers, and is the revised
estimate, being the lowest sum that has been
named by the Department. I can state in one
moment the object of this addition to the ap-
propriation. The Committee on Commerce
have reported onlyasum sufficient for the pur-
pose of repairing the walls of the harbor at
Oswego. Ihe harbor is simply the mouth of
the river entering into the lake. Beyond that
piers have been built of equal length. There
is no extension beyond on the west and none
on the east, except sufficient for a light-house to
stand on. Now, everybody knows that the
winds are mostly from the west. Consequently
there is a constant drifting and accumulation
ot gravel against the bank, which has already
tilled up the space behind the light-house,
crosses it, and is filling up the channel of the
river. In reference to that I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read the last report of Colonel
.Dlunt.
ihe Clerk read as follows :
A Jf ?n,nual report, and in my letter of
'•, bl' f f11"'6 roterred to this subject and
expressed an opinion favorable to theproposed struc-
ture. buice then, with additional experience here
<• iiV0 , woffle still more convinced of the neee^ity
ot tne desired extension, not only for the reasons
assigned 111 my communications above referred to,
,V?iV?r two additional ones: First, the proposed pic^
rr- .-^'i'!fVen ,aJ-r1es' eastward progress of the
gravel drift, which now, m crossing the entrance, has
j ™®" J'tofo™a bar there; and second, it will
iy T™ th(? ns,k now rjm by vessels entering
tire harbor during? a gale, of beino' driven asrainst j]> a
east p or, inasmuch as it win. by making a lte cause
smooth water between the two Pi0rJrSXw0^essell
