1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3565
with valuable cargoes have been sunk this fall at the
very entrance, which, it is most probable, would have
got in safely had this proposed pier been built."
Mr. POJIEROY. The losses last year were
twenty times what is asked to continue this
extension of the west pier, which is absolutely
necessary if the harhor is to be entered with
any safety. I have seen there myself in a
storm a single vessel come in when people
would be out by the thousand watching it with
as much anxiety as they would watch a runaway
thief on the street.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. I move pro forma to strikeout
"$60,000" and insert "$55,000." i do it not
only for ths purpose of drawing attention to this
proposition but to the one previously offered
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Vax
Aerxam.] In point of fact the committee some
time ago took, under the direction of the House,
the judgment of the Bureau of Engineers as to
the lowest amount that could probably be called
for at this time in view of the present condition
of the works under the charge of that bureau.
It so happened that in regard to the place of
which the gentleman from New York [Mr. Vax
Aebnaii] spoke, the report of the engineer
was that nothing was wanted this year, and
of course in the bill of the' committee there
was no appropriation made for that purpose.
By subsequent information from the War De-
partment it turned out that they were under a
misapprehension, and they satisfied the com-
mittee that, instead of no appropriation being
proper the one which was called for ought to
be made, and it has now been put in the bill.
Now, in regard to this appropriation, I am
sorry that it has been brought to the attention
of the House, because I do not want to appear !
in the position of one who admits an appro-
priation to be enlarged. And I do not pro-
pose to assent to it; but I do propose to state
what the facts are that influenced the commit- j
tee in making up this bill and reducing the
estimate from the War Department. Gentle-
men who will turn to the report will find that
$60,000 was asked for for Oswego, New York;
but on examining the reports that were sub-
mitted to us from the War Deportment, and
making up estimates from them, we found that
the sum of $12,000, and a further sum of
$25,000, making $37,000, should be applied,
and not §60,000. The committee accordingly
reduced the amount from $00,000 to that now
ill the bill—$37,000. Reports from the en-
gineer department, which were subsequently
furnished to the committee, showed that the
amount called for, $00,000, was the lowest
sum which, under the circumstances, in view
of the wants of the port of Oswego, ought to
be appropriated. The gentlemen from New
York [Mr. Pomehoy] has therefore proposed
the amendment, and although I do not assent
to it, yet I have stated the facts to the House
in order that they may see what the case is,
and that the amendment ought, in point of
fact, to have been originally $60,000, and not
$37,000. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Pomeroy's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I offer the
following amendment to come in at the end of
line eighty:
For the improvement of the harbor of Wilson,
Niagara county, New York, $10,000.
I will only say a word in favor of that amend-
ment. I had not an opportunity at the proper
time to present the amendment before the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I have, however, con-
sulted with the committee and with the sub-com-
mittee, and all the members of the committee, I
believe, except the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washburxe,] have consented to this
amendment. I therefore introduce it with the
approbation of the committee, and I hope it
will be adopted.
Mr. WELKEIl. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether any one has recommended
an appropriation to improve this harbor, or
whether he makes the_ application, as I did
mine the other day for a harbor in my district,
on his own responsibility?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I will say,
in answer to the gentleman, that I introduced
a resolution here at the beginning of the session
calling on the Secretary of War for informa-
tion with reference to this harbor, and the pro-
priety of making an appropriation for it, and
that there is an answer to that resolution on
our files.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Will my
friend vote for the omnibus bill if his amend-
ment is put in ?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. What do
you meanbv the "omnibus bill?"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Certainly
I shall vote for it. I am in favor of appropri-
ations for these purposes.
Mr. WELKER. I have not had an oppor-
tunity of reading the report the gentleman
speaks of, and I want to know whether it lec-
ommeridssueh an appropriation as this?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Itdoes; an
appropriation of $50,000.
Mr. WELKER. Then why did not you ask
for that?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Because
the committee would not give it.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to amend the
amendment, by increasing the amount $200,
for the purpose of saying a word. If this sub-
ject had been presented to the sub-committee
of the Committee on Commerce, at the time
we looked over the other reports, we would
have undoubtedly recommended this appropri-
ation to the general committee. I am there-
fore authorized to say in behalf of the majority
of the committee—of all of the committee,
save one—that this appropriation should be
made. It has been recommended, as has been
stated by the gentleman from New York, and
I believe it should be made. I shall cheertully
vote for it. I now withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Vax Hoiix, of New York,
and it was agreed to.
The following was read:
For improvement of Plattsburg harbor,iSfew York,
£10,000.
Mr. GRISWOLD. 1 move to amend by
inserting the following after the paragraph just
read:
For improvement of harbor at W liitehall, New
York, 610,000.
I oiler that amendment because the harbor
at Whitehall is, perhaps, as deserving of con-
sideration in an appropriation bill of this kind
as almost any harbor mentioned in the bill. It
is at the head of Lake Champlain, through
which passes all the commerce between the
Canadas and New York which passes along
Lake Champlain and the Hudson river; and
it will compare in importance with the major-
ity of the harbors included in this bill, it is
eminently entitled to consideration, and I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. In doing so I must say that while I
have no doubt that all the gentleman has said
of the point named in his amendment is cor-
rect,yet the Committee on Commerce, after all
that was stated by him, did not find that they
could with propriety give the appropriation
which he calls for. It is one of those cases
which have not been so much uuder the exam-
ination of the War Department, and about
which such surveys and recommendations have
not been made, as to bring it within the rule
adopted by the committee. Therefore, although
the committee would have been glad to have
acknowledged the coirectness ot what the gen-
tleman has said, yet the case does not come
within the rule prescribed, and it has tjierefore
been omitted by them. This appropriation bill
would have been doubled at least if the com-
mittee had not with all the power they possessed
kept it within such limits as seemed to them
proper, in view of the imperative demands of
the commerce of the country.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Griswold; and upon a divisiQn
there were—ayes 41, noes 40 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Griswold
and Mr. Eliot were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ajes 49, noes 49.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative, and the amendment is accordingly
agreed to.
Mr. PILE. I desire to give notice that I
shall call for a separate vote on this item.
The SPEAKER. Upon the engrossment
of the bill any member can call for a separate
vote upon each paragraph or item of the bill.
The next clause was read, as follows :
For improvement of harbor at Burlington, Ver-
mont, $10,000.
Mr. BAKER. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause just read "for improve-
ment of harbor at Alton, Illinois, $56,000."
I will explain briefly the grounds upon which
I rest this amendment. 1 offer it upon its own
merits, without any connection or combination
whatever with any other appropriations in the
bill. I make no question but what it is as
meritorious, as just, and as proper as various
items of appropriation contained in this bill.
In consequence of obstructions in the Mis-
sissippi river a process is going on, and has
proceeded already to a very great extent, by
which the entire harbor of Alton is being
choked up. Major H. C. Long has made a
report, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, brief extracts from which I will read,
and which will indicate the nature of the
difficulty. He says:
"Very serious apprehensions are entertained by
persons competent to give an opinion in such mat-
ters, who havo watched the operations of the Mis-
sissippi in the vicinity of Alton tor several years
past, that at any of the annual floods such changes
in the current and general course of the river may
take place as to entirely prevent steamboats from
approaching the landing during ordinary and low-
water stages at least two thirds of the year, thus
greatly injuring the commerce and consequent pros-
perity of the city." * * .< * * *
"The dry bar A A (referring to a diagram pub-
lished with the report) is about five thousand feet
long by fitteen hundred feet in width, and nearly
overlaps the head of the island below. It has been
gradually working down stream, and it is teared that
i a connection will be formed with the island, and the
! water making its way behind both, the main body of
j the river and low-waterchannel willbepermanently
1 changed to the Missouri shore, the bar forced over
I toward Alton, and the city absolutely blockaded."
* X. $ % *
"This bar (1313) is encroaching rapidly upon the
city landing, extending along its front and connect-
ing with the main Illinois shore,until it has monop-
olized three fourths of the levee, entirely obstructing
the low-water harbor for that distance."
These extracts will indicate pretty exactly
the state of the harbor, To remedy this dif-
ficulty he proposes the following plan ;
"The proposed remedy is a stone dike across the
head of'the slough, near the upper end ot Eilia's
Island—the situation of the proposed dike is shown
011 the sketch—and a wing-dam or breakwater at the
head of the dry bar AA. The exact location of this
[ work to be determined by the United States engi-
I neer at the time of constiucting them, and also the
: height winch it is necessary to raise them.
I "It is believed that the combined action of these
| structures, by throwing the river over against and
! along the Illinois shore, will give a sufficient depth
! ot water at all seasons of the year, and wash away
! the sand bar i>13 below the city, and iiom the strong
: and direct current thus produced have a tendency
j to modify the extensive abrasion going on opposite
. the mouth oi' the Missouri.
j "At the locality last mentioned the Mississippi is
rapidly encroaching on the American bottom, and
■ working its way into a succession of lakes and bay-
i ous—old beds of the river—to such an extent that
1 tears are enteitained that the river will again pur-
' sue its eouise along the Illinois bluffs, and forsake
j its present channel in front of {St. Louis."
! The cost of this dike is estimated at $112,000.
! 1 have ottered an amendment asking Jor just
' halt the amount, assuming that the citizens of
Alton will supply the balance. In recommend-
ing the appropiiatiou Major Long says:
!! "I am not aware that Government assistance of
this or any other sort has ever been.extended to
Alton, although for many reasons, arising from lier
ii geographical position, she may be entitled to it more
