1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
133
legally, out of service. This has occasioned
very great disarrangement of the order of
affairs in the Army, and great dissatisfaction.
When an officer is out of the service, and his
Elace is perhaps filled by another appointment,
e cannot be put back into the service without
disturbing the relative rank of all the officers
below him. Such restorations are a manifest
injustice to the officers in the service, as well
as a disturbance of the duly approved decisions
of regular military courts. It seems to me that
there can arise no case in which the rule laid
down in the bill ought not to apply. If there
should be any such case the way will be open,
as provided in the bill, for the reappointment
of the officer by the President and his recon-
firmation by the Senate.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg to inquire of the
gentleman whether the bill is retrospective in
its operation or only prospective.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is of course prospect-
ive, only prospective. I do not myself believe
that the President has, under the Constitution,
any right to restore to the Army an officer who
has once been regularly dismissed by a regularly
approved finding of a court-martial. I hold
in my hand extracts from opinions of the At-
torney Generals, given on four different occa-
sions, from 1843 down to a period five years
ago. The opinions of the Attorney Generals
have been uniformly that the President cannpt
thus restore military officers. The custom
which has grown up during the emergencies
of the late war, and which probably may be
continued now, operates as a wrong to the
Army, and will, unless corrected, be, I think, a
peculiarly dangerous precedent for the future.
In my view, this bill should be passed rather
as a declaration of what the law is, though
there is no distinct statutory provision—a dec-
laration of what the Constitution teaches in
this matter—a declaration of the construction
uniformly adopted in the decisions of the
Attorney Generals, than the making of a new
law.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will say to the gentle-
man very frankly that I -was induced to make
my inquiry in consequence of a sort of impres-
sion which seemed to prevail in the minds of
members around me, that this bill is intended
to operate more particularly on the case of
General Fitz John Porter, a case which has
acquired some prominence before the country.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not hesitate to say
that if it be conceivable that in the case of an
officer dismissed from the Army so long ago as
1862, cashiered and forever disqualified, by
the duly approved sentence of a court-martial,
from holding any office of trust or profit under
the United States, the President would attempt,
after such an interval of time, to restpre, by
mere proclamation, such officer to the service,
then it would be in my view the best possible
reason why we ought to pass such a bill as
this. I call the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the bill be again
read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. DAWE8. Mr. Speaker, while I agree
with every word which the gentleman from
Ohio has said, I suggest the form of his bill
leaves the inference fairly to be drawn up to
this hour, and up to the passage of this bill, it
would have been legal so to restore officers. In
order to avoid any such inference he should
put his bill in form of a declaratory act rather
than in the form of a bill forbidding it hereafter.
, Mr. LOGAN. I desire to know whether
the effect of this bill is not to give power to
the President to appoint officers which he has
not power now to appoint?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not so understand
it. ^ It has been long settled as a matter of
military jurisprudence that the mere sentence
of cashiering do6s not carry with it disquali-
fication from holding office. The sentence
must say the officer is cashiered, and also there
must be a special clause declaring disqualifi-
cation from further holding office. This does
not change the law in that regard.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the point. It is
now the law if the court-martial does put in
their decision that the party cashiered shall
not in the future hold office in the United
States, military or civil, he is then deprived of
the right of ever holding office, ifnder this
bill it is provided he shall not hold office unless
reappointed by the President. Does not this
bill take away the sentence of not holding
office and give power to the President to rein-
vest him with the power to hold office?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at all. If it did I
should be opposed to it.
Mr. LOGAN. Let the bill be again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I insist
my position is correct. Under this bill the
President will have power to reinvest a man
with the power of holding office after having
been declared by the sentence of a court mar-
tial he should be disqualified for ever after
from holding office. It says they shall not
hold office were they have been cashiered ex-
cept the President shall reappoint and the
Senate confirm them. That exception, if I
understand the construction of law, does give
power to the President to reinvest a man with
the right to hold office of which he had been
divested by court-martial. Nowinorderthatthe
law maybe so drawn, that there will be no dis-
pute about it, I will move, if the gentleman will
allow me, to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. Let the committe re-
examine the subject and I think it will be
found the chairman is. mistaken in his opinion.
Mr. GARFIELD. It does certainly imply
that the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, may
restore a person to military office by appoint-
ment who has been merely dismissed or cash-
iered.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mere dismissal or mere
cashiering does not, I affirm, take away from
any officer the right to hold office. It is only
where he is expressly sentenced that he shall,
not be qualified to hold office that such disa-
bility can be incurred. Therefore the declara-
tion that with the consent of the Senate the
President may restore persons by reappoint-
ment who have only been dismissed or simply
cashiered does not extend his power over
persons who, in addition to being cashiered,
have been by express sentence of court-martial
disqualified from ever holding office- That is
a separate and distinct thing not included in
the words "dismissal" or "cashiered," and
therefore is not touched upon in this bilj.
Mr. LOGAN. _ Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question? Is it not the rulenow
when we speak of a man being disqualified
from holding office hereafter that it is the pen- •
alty which follows being cashiered ?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir, _
Mr. LOGAN. If you examine the law you
■will find it.  
Mr. GARFIELD. I have' examined the'
law both as a member of a court-martial and'
as a member of the Cotnmittee on Military
Affairs, and it has been long ago adjudged as
a matter of military jurisprudence that the sim-
ple sentence of dismissal or cashiered does not
carry with it any future disqualification.
Mr. LOGAN. Is not this disqualification
from holding office a penalty which follows
cashiering?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at all, unless ex-
pressed in the sentence.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly; I understand that;
but the word "cashier" carries with it, as I
understand, the power to disqualify from hold-
ing office.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is where the gen-
tleman is mistaken. The decisions of the
courts-martial have long settled that the word
does not carry that power.
Mr. LOGAN. But where the court cashiers
does it not imply the power of the court to
affix that as a penalty following the cashiering?
Mr. GARFIELD. Well, they have that
power anyway.
Mr. LOGAN. That being the case! I itvsiat
that by this bill as reported, where an officer
has been cashiered and deprived of holding
office hereafter, by virtue of the finding of the
court-martial, the President would have the
power to reappoint him, with the. advice of the
Senate, although the court-martial had decided
that he never should hold either civil or mili-
tary office in the United States. This is giv-
ing to the President a power that he now has
not under the law. I therefore desire to have,
the bill amended in that particular.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection to
that.
Mr., LOGAN. Then I move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with instruction to make that amendment.
Mr. PAINE. Before that is done I desire
to ask a question of the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw the motion I will renew
it in a moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I will do so.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee as to the effect of this
bill in a case of this kind: where an offirer is
tried by court-martial under charges which
could properly be punishable by dismissal
from the Army and he is acquitted by the
court, but the reviewing officer disagreeing.with
the oourt and disapproving its findings dis-
misses the officer from the Army, I would like
to know whether the effect of this bill is to
prevent the President from restoring that officer
who has been dismissed from the Army under
such circumstances.
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at all. By the act
of July, 1862, the President of the United
States was empowered summarily to dismiss
without trial. He granted that power to some
subordinate commanders, and it was exercised
to a very great extent during the war, so that
hundreds of officers were dismissed by theit
comtnanding officers without trial. Now that
law has been repealed, afld there is no power
vested at this time in any officer to dismiss a
subordinate officer of the Army without the
authority of the court-martial. In case a court-
martial should find a man ifinocent and the
finding should be disapproved and the officer
dismissed, that would be a suminary dismissal
which is now forbidden by law. But even
though it were not forbidden hy law it would
nevertheless be a summary dismissal and not.
such a dismissal as is contemplated in this bill,
in accordance with the decision of the court-
martial.
Mr. PAINE. One more question which
con<iern8the character of officers of the vol"
unteer army. Take the case of an officer who
pwas dismissed pursuant to sentence of a court-
martial near the close of the war. Now it
might be very desirable for such an offieer to
have the disgrace removed although he might-
have no desire to be reappointed^ Would the
effect of this bill be to prevent the President
removing the disgrace following the sentence
of the court-martial?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not in the least. The
President may declare, as is declared in orders
now every day, that the findings of a cer-
tain court-martial are revoked and the officer
honorably dismissed, the dismissal to date
from the decision of the court, two or four
years ago. That nierely takes off the stain.
But what we propose in this bill is, however
much he may do in removing the stain from
an officer, by way of revoking the finding, that
he shall not restore him to service without the
consent of the Senate—he shall not have power
to thrust a man back into the Army who by
regular, due course of judicial proceeding has
been put out. That is all._ ,
Mr., MUNGEN. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee if this bill would apply
to a case which I will state—the case of a friend
of mine who was colonel of one of the Ohio
regiments.. : Charges, were preferred against
him :by a subordinate officer, desirous, as I
suppose, of getting his place. Those charges
were sent, to the-War Department in the sum-
