THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
temporarily, and makes provision for the other
Departments, and adapts the existing laws to
the present changed state of affairs. Can it
be doubted that the act of 1863 was intended
to be a revision of the whole law upon the
subject; that it did provide and was intended
to provide one uniform rule for all the Depart-
ments, and not that in case of vacancy by death,
resignation, &c., authorize the appointment of
heads of Departments, &c., and in ease of
vacancybyremovaltoauthorize " anypersonor
persons ?" That the act of 1863 was intended
to have this effect is clear from the statement
of the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary who reported the act, Hon. Mr. Trum-
bull, that it was his understanding that it did
repeal all former acts upon that subject.
But this precise question of the removal of
Stanton and appointment of General Thomas
was fully adjudicated by the Senate and con-
cluded by its action on the 21st February last.
This is its record:
" Whereas the Senate have received andconsidered
the communication of tho President, stating that he
had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
and had designated Lorenzo Thomas to act as Secre-
tary of War ad interim: Therefore,
"Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That
under the Constitution and law* of the United States
the President has no power to remove the Secretary
of War> and designate any other officer to perform
the duties of that office ad interim
Was that adjudication of an act done and
submitted to the Senate for its consideration
erroneous? The resolution finally passed the
Senate without division.
To those who would weaken the force of this
record, or find excuse for the President in the
unimportance of the transaction, it may be
replied that if the Senate would retain its self-
respect or command the respect of others it
must stand by its decrees until reversed for
error, and not for the reason that the Presi-
dent defies them or refuses to yield obedience
to them. The President tells the Senate, in
his communication upon the subject, that as
early as August last he had "determined to
cause Mr. Stanton to surrender the office of
Secretary for the Department of War." That
issue is now for the third time distinctly before
the Senate, twice by the action of the Presi-
dent, and now by the action of the Represent-
atives of the people. A surrender of the
record of the Senate is a surrender of a pub-
lic officer to the predetermined purpose and
personal will of the President. It is need-
less to say such a result would be the deposi-
tion of a high public officer without cause, a
triumphant defiance of the law of the land
and of the supreme legislative authority of the
country.
Whoever contemplates such a result with
indifference may prepare for tho advent of
executive usurpation totally subversive of our
system of government.
It only remains to consider the proposition
of the counsel for President that he should not
be held guilty on an assumed innocent mistake
in interpreting the law. In judging of the
intentwith which the President acted, thepub-
lic record of the officer, his acts, speeches, and
policy, the current events of history connected
therewith, may properly be considered. The
quality of the particular act may be reflected
from the body of official reputation and public
conduct, good or bad.
In determining the character of the acts
complained of touching the intent of the Pres-
ident, we may consider whether they relate to
his antecedent official conduct, whether they
were purely public and official or private and
personal, whether they arose out of some real
or supposed pressing public exigency, or
whether, as in the case of Mr. Stanton, the
real or assumed misconduct of a public officer,
or from a settled determination to get rid of
one who had become disagreeable to him at
all hazards, and becausc it was his pleasure
no longer to tolerate him in hisoffice. In this
light consider some of the facts connected with
the removal of Mr. Stanton and the designa-
lion of General Thomas as Secretary of War
ad interim. In his note of 5th of August last,
requesting the resignation of Mr. Stanton, the
President says ho is constrained to do so from
" public eonsidei'ations of a high character."
The precise nature of these considerations it
is left to conjecture.
In his message of December 12,1867, assign-
ing the reason for the suspension of Mr. Stan-
ton, he says he deemed the reply to his note
above referred to as a defiance and expres-
sion of a loss of confidence in his superior, and
"that it must necessarily end our most im-
portant relations."
Also, that Mr. Stanton held opinions upon
the suffrage bill for the District of Columbia
and the reconstruction acts of March 2 and 23,
1867, which could not be reconciled with his
own or the rest of the Cabinet, and that there
was but one result that could solve the diffi-
culty, and "that was the severance of official
relations."
As these reasons antedate those assigned for
the immediate suspension of Mr. Stanton, and
are the only causes of recent occurrence, it is
fair to presume that the note which is declared
to have led to the suspension was induced by
a predetermination to sever the relations ren-
dered necessary, in his opinion, by that want
of "unity of opinion" existing in the Cabinet
on account of the conflicting opinion of Mr.
Stanton.
In his answer to article one the President
says that on or prior to August 5, 1867, " he
had become satisfied that he could not allow
Mr. Stanton to continue to hold the office of
Secretary for the Department of War without
hazard to the public interests." "That the
relations between them no longer permitted
the President to resort to him for advice, or be
responsible for his conduct of the affairs of the
Department of War," and that therefore he
determined that he ought not longer to hold
said office, and considered what he might law-
fully do to cause him to surrender said office.
Those are understood to be the reasons for
the suspension, as also for the removal, or
attempted removal, of the Secretary of War.
They are, substantially, that the "relations
between them" had become such in August,
1867, as not to " permit the President to resort
to him for advice, or be responsible for his
conduct of the Department of War as by law
required;" and these "relations" are the
" differences of opinion " upon the " suffrage
bill," and the reconstruction acts of the 2d and
23d March, 18G7, "upon which Mr. Stanton
stood alone in the Cabinet, and the difference
of opinion could not be reconciled."
Those arc tho "public considerations of a
high character," stated in the note of August
5, which was a request for the resignation of
the Secretary, and which led to his suspension
and subsequent removal, to prevent his re-
suming the duties of his office after the action
of the Senate.
When before in the history of the Govern-
ment did a President hold that "differences
of opinion" ofa Cabinet officer as to the policy
of a law of Congress, or of its constitution-
ality, or of the propriety of its enforcement,
were "public considerations ofa high charac-
ter," which not only "constrained" him to
request his resignation of office, but impelled
him to a determination to "cause hirn to sur-
render the office"—to suspend him—and, de-
feated in that by the adverse action of the Sen-
ate, to remove him, to "prevent him from
resuming the duties of the office?" It is cer-
tain that differences of opinion "in the Cab-
inet" are not unknown in our history, as to
the expediency, the policy, and the interpret-
ation of laws; that they were marked in the
Cabinet of Washington, and that they were not
supposed and were not held to be "public !
considerations of a character" demanding re- j
moval from office. !
The present case is especially noticeable, j
from the fact of public notoriety, as well as J
declared in the President's answer and mes- j
sage, that the difference of opinion" com- j
plained of was that the opinions of the Secre- j
tary of War were in harmony with those of I
"Congress upon the acts mentioned, while those
of the President were opposed, as had, been
expressed in his veto "message, and that "dif-
ficulties" from such 41 differences of opinion,"
and which could only be solved by; suspension
and removal from office, were such as are pub-
licly known" to have arisen on the question-of
the execution of the reconstruction acts of
March 2 and 28. .
It is observable that no public exigency is
stated by the President to have arisen demand-
ing action in Mr. Stanton's case; no malver-
sation or misconduct in office; no disobedience
of, or refusal or neglect to obey orders of the
President, is alleged or suggested. Besides,
the Senate had been recently in session, since
the "relations and difference of opinion, had
developed," in two different periods, affording
ample opportunity for the appointment of his
successor, if the public interests demanded a
change of that officer and were of a character
to commend themselves to that body.
Some stress has been laid upon the want of
"confidence" in the Secretary, which would
not permit a resort to him for advice, and ren-
dered it unsafe that the President should be
responsible for his official conduct.
It is difficult to appreciate the importance
which seems to be attached to this statement.
The Secretary of War is certainly not the con-
stitutional adviser of the President in his gen-
eral administration, noristhePresident en titled
to his opinion, except in the case contemplated
in the Constitution, and that -upon affairs aris-
ing in his own Department, and in relation
thereto.
Nor is it obvious what is intended by the
statement in the answer by being responsible
for his conduct of the affairs of the Department
of War.
What is the nature of this supposed respon-
sibility, and how imposed? we are not in-
formed in the answer. No such responsibility
is understood to be imposed by the Constitu-
tion, and none is believed to exist in the laws
creating the Department of War and defining
the duties of the Secretary of War.
By no provision of the Constitution or laws
is it believed that the President is chargeable
with the consequences of the misconduct or
neglect of duty of that officer with which he
himself is not connected.
The Secretary, and he alone, must answer to
the violated law for his misconduct and neglect
of duty, and the assumption that the President
is responsible for them is to assume that the
War Department is under the direction and at
the discretion of the President, and not under
the statute creating it and by which it is con-
ducted.
It is difficult to believe that in the suspension
of and subsequent removal of Mr. Stanton the
President was actuated solely by "ptiblic con-
siderations," and especially does he fail to
make it clear that he was acting on the pres-
sure of a State necessity or public exigency
which justified him in first experimenting with
a law of Congress by suspending a public offi-
cer under it, and failing of his declared pur-
pose in that, namely, " to cause Mm to surren-
der his" office, then to defy its authority by
disregarding it altogether, and remove the offi-
cer so suspended, confessedly to prevent his
resuming the duties of the office, after the ad-
verse action of the Senate upon the case sub-
mitted to it for its consideration.
The doubts which are invoked to shield the
President failto protect him, as he fails to show
any case or public necessity for tho exercise
of doubtful power under the Constitution and
laws, while his official conduct plainly shows a
spirit of hostility to the whole series of acts of
Congress designed for the reconstruction of tlie
late insurrectionary States and the pacification
of the country, and an intent to obstruct rather
than faithfully to execute these laws.
If, therefore, doubts arise on the record they
belong to the country and to the violated laws,
and presumption of innocence cannot obtain
where the sinister purpose is apparent. It is
impossible to withhold 9, conviction of the Pres-
