THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
ble Senator had presented itself to my mind,
and I came to a different conclusion from that
■which he has expressed, and for this reason :
suppose there was but one third of the Senate
present, and there was a motion made to form
rules and practices for proceeding in the case
of this impeachment, would it not be compe-
tent and eminently proper that the third of
the Senate, being less than a quorum of the
whole body, should declare the position that
it was not competent for them to form a court
of impeachment, and refuse to go into a court
of impeachment at all ? I think it would. I
had reflected upon the objection of the hon-
orable Senator in my own mind, and at one
time I had concluded that it would be best to
take the course which he suggests ; but I sub-
sequently, upon further reflection, came to a
different conclusion, and I think now that if
the Senate is in such condition that it would
be improper and not in accordance with the
Constitution for it to form itself into a court of
impeachment, it not only has the power to so
declare, but it would be eminently right and
judicious that it should so pronounce. Sup-
pose that there were but thirty members pres-
ent, (T put that case for the purpose of illus-
trating more strikingly my principle,) and those
thirty Senators had appointed a committee to
prepare rules and practices for the ease of im-
peachment, and that committee had gone out
and had reported rules ; upon its report would
it not be entirely competent, if that fraction of
the Senate could proceed at all, to move to
refer the case back to the committee, with pos-
itive instructions that the Senate as constituted
had not the constitutional power to form itself
into a court of impeachment?
The motion that I make is based upon the
idea that while the present members of the
Senate exclude ten States from representation
in the body the Senators representing the re-
maining States, which are not excluded, have
no right to form a court of impeachment, and
cannot do so until the ten States whose Sena-
tors have been excluded are admitted as Sena-
tors. 1 think myself that the motion is prop-
erly made at this time to the Senate, not to
the court of impeachment. Whether the Sen-
ate will form itself into a court of impeach-
ment or not is a senatorial question. It is not
a question for the court of impeachment to
decide. It does not come before the court of
impeachment at all, according to my judgment
of the matter. The Senate must be in such
condition as to numbers and representation
from all the States that it has the constitu-
tional power to resolve itself into a court of
impeachment. Whether it be in that condi-
tion or not is a question not for the court to
decide, but for the Senate, before it resolves
itself into a court of impeachment to decide.
It seems to me that that is the correct position
in relation to that point. Being of that opin-
ion, I will proceed at no groat length with my
remarks.
If the ten excluded States had never been
in the rebellion, if they were now represented
upon the floor of the Senate, could the Senate
or could the two Houses of Congress exclude
from representation in both Houses ten other
States ; and having excluded ten other States,
could the remaining Senators from twenty-
seven instead of thirty-seven States resolve
themselves into a court of impeachment for
the trial of the President? I presume that no
Senator will answer that question in the affirm-
ative. If that is conceded, to my mind it con-
cedes the whole principle and the whole prop-
osition, and I will proceed to assign one or
two reasons why I believe so.
Any State that was in rebellion, after the
rebellion was suppressed and after the State
submitted itself to the Constitution and laws
and authorities of the United States, which
fact was admitted by her representation in the
Senate or in the House, was as much in the
Union as though that State had never been in
the rebellion. I will take the State of Vir-
ginia. The State of Virginia has had a rep-
resentative in the Senatesiuce the suppression
of the rebellion and since the time when there
was a single arm raised against the authority
of the United States; that Senator has served
two sessions here since the rebellion was en-
tirely suppressed; he was recognized by the
Senate as a representative of the State of Vir-
ginia, and the Senate in taking that course
toward him admitted that State to be in the
Union as a State with all the rights and privi-
leges which she would be entitled to under the
Constitution as if she had never been in the
rebellion at all. In the case of Luther vs. Bor-
den that principle is decided, and I will read
a passage from it. The honorable Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] and the honora-
ble Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] and
all the Senators who support the congressional
policy of reconstruction seem to rely upon that
case as their principal authority, at least the
principal experiment, of their authority. I will
read one paragraph fro in that decision:
"Underthis article of theConstitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government is the estab-
lished 0110 in a State. I'or, us the United States
guaranty to each State a republican government,
Congress must necessarily decide what government
is established in the State before it can determine
whether it 13 republican or not. And when the Sen-
ators and Representatives of a Stato are admitted
into tho councils of the Union the authority of the
government under which they are appointed, as well
as its republican character, is recognized by the
proper constitutional authority,"
There is the plain principle. It is in con-
formity to the principle of the law of post lim-
ine, too; itisinconformitytoourConstitution.
It is a declaration of the principle of the Con-
stitution in these few and simple words, that
when Congresshas admitted Senators and Kep-
resentatives from a State both the existence
and authority of the government under which
they were appointed and its republican form
have been recognized by the proper constitu-
tional authority.
Sir, it seems to me that this decision settles
the question as to Virginia and as to Tennes-
see. The Senators, or at least a Senator from
Tennessee and Senators from Virginia, and
Representatives from both States, have been
admitted by Congress to their seats in both
Houses. That, this decision says, is a recog-
nition by the proper constitutional authority
of the governments under which those Senators
and Kepresentatives were appointed and of the
republican form of the governments under which
they were appointed. Congress has nothing to
do with the matter further in relation to those
States nor in relation to the State of Louisiana,
because I suppose that the admission of Rep-
resentatives would have all the effect that the
admission of Representatives and Senators both
would have. It cannot be that there is a prin-
ciple so discordant as that a State may be rec-
ognized in one House ofCongressand be repu-
diated and rejected in the other House. 1 take
it for granted, as a matter ot necessity, as a mat-
ter of logical and constitutional conclusion,
that when the Senate have admitted Senators
from a State it opens the way for the admission
of Representatives in the House, and where
both Houses or either House have admitted
Senators or Representatives there is theneees-
sary and constitutional recognition both of the
existence of thegovernments under which they
were appointed and of the republican form of
that government.
I have here the Journal of the Senate on
the presentation of the credentials of the two
Senators, Messrs. Willey and Carlile, to the
Senate in 1861. The Senators who were pres-
ent on that occasion will recollect the discus-
sion that then took place, and that they were
admitted after strenuous and persistent objec-
tion, and after their rights had been maintained
by Senator Collamer, Senator Johnson, of Ten-
nessee, and other Senators. Having thus been
admitted, I deny that the Senate has the power
to take the position afterward that the State
they represented was not and is not in the
Union. Neither the Senate nor the House can
play fast and loose in that way. When a State
is once admitted by her Senators and Repre-
sentatives, or either of them, she is in the
Union beyond the power of the body that ad-
mitted her Senators and Representatives. They
can at no time reverse their judgment. If they
were to attempt to reverse it and to do it pro
forma it would have no legal, constitutional
effect, and the State would be notwithstanding
in the Union, and be entitled to all the rights
and privileges of a member of the Union.
During the rebellion, Mr. President, Con-
gress passed, I suppose, twenty or thirty laws
in relation to all the rebel States. They passed
laws apportioning representation among them.
They passed laws imposing a direct tax and
apportioning the amount of direct tax that
each of the rebel States was to pay. The Sen-
ate confirmed the nomination of many officers
in all the rebel States made by the President-
district judges, district attorneys, marshals,
collectors of internal revenue, collectors of
ports, surveyors of ports, and all the necessary
revenue officers for the collection of the inter-
nal revenue and the duties imposed on foreign
imports in the States that had ports of entry.
The Supreme Court has docketed cases that
came up to that tribunal from the rebel States
after the rebellion had been suppressed. Cases
that had been brought to that court before the
rebellion broke out were continued upon its
docket, and after the rebellion was suppressed
they proceeded to try those old cases. Con-
gress passed a law laying off the United States
into circuits, in which the associated justices
of the Supreme Court perform circuit court
duties, and they arranged all the rebel States
in those circuits. As late as 186(3, before Ten-
nessee was admitted formally to come back
into the Union, while she was in statu quo as
she was left by her ordinance of secession and
the rebellion, Congress passed several laws in
relation to the United States courts held in the
State of Tennessee.
Here, sir, is a distinct and frequent recogni-
tion by all the departments of the Government,
by Congress, by the President, by the Supremo
Court, that those States were all States of the
Union. This recognition has been made many
times in the most solemn forms. The thir-
teenth amendment of the Constitution was
submitted to all the rebel States. The rebel
States carried it before it had been voted upon
by the requisite number of the adhering States ;
and upon its receiving the vote of three fourths
of the States, including the votes of the rebel
States which it had received, and before some
of the loyal States had voted upon it at all,
while enough of them had not voted to consti-
tute three fourths of the States, the Secretary
of State and the President proclaimed that the
thirteenth amendment had been adopted by
the requisite number of States for its adoption.
This is all in conformity to the authorities
on the subject. I intended to read a passage
or two irom Vattel, but I cannot lay my hand
upon it conveniently ; I read it a few days ago
to the Senate. The effect of it is simply that
when a portion of a country has been con-
quered by a foreign enemy and is reconquered
by the country of which it was previously a
part, immediately upon its reconquest it is
restored, as relates to person, property, muni-
cipal government, and in every other respect,
to precisely the same condition in which it
had subsisted before its conquest. That is the
law. ^ It is the law of nations. It is in con-
formity to our own Constitution for the sup-
pression of insurrection and rebellion. It is
practiced upon in every State where there is
any domestic trouble, in an insurrection against
local governments, as city governments. It
wag the law recognized by Justice Story in
relation to the conquest of Castine, as I read
a few days ago. He there recognizes the prin-
ciple of post limine. He applies it to a portion
of one of the States of the Union that had
been conquered by the arms of England. He
decided that the sovereignty of the United
States during the occupancy of the conquered
country by the foreign Power was suspended,
but so soon as the foreign foe relinquished the
possession of the country, or was driven from
! it, the principle of post limine reinstated the
