3566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
than other cities of greater pretensions, who claim
and receive it.
/'Alton lies on the left bank of the Mississippi
river, about twenty-five miles abovo St. Louis, and
three miles abovo the mouth of the Missouri river.
It contains nearly sixteen thousand inhabitants.
Tho importance of the city trade and commerce may
bo understood by .1, reference to the report of Messrs.
Dobelbower and Friek, the committee appointed by
the Board of Tiade to procure statistics of the busi-
ness of Alton for 1867, from •which it appears that the
business of tho city for that period amounted to
812,673,734, and that the revenue collected and paid
to the United States during the yoar was $180,000.
(See report of committee, Appendix B.)
" While reserving to myself the privilege of amore
extended treatment of the subject, and perhaps dif-
ferent opinions relative to tho causcs opera- <ng to
produco the results complained of. after careful and
comprehensive surveys I have no hesitation, in viow
of the necessity of some determined action, in sec-
onding tho wishes of the citizens of Alton, by recom-
mending the dike at the head of Ellis's Island as
promising speedy and present relief sufficient tor all
practical purposes, and as an experiment that will
be of value as a precedentinsettlingthemany vexed
questions relative to works of this character now
agitating the public."
General Warren approves the report of Major
Long. I will simply -add that this is an im-
provement similar in principle to the improve-
ments of some harbors upon the shores of our
lakes, as for instance that at Oswego, where a
pier is constructed for the purpose of deflect-
ing the action of the water and preventing the
.sand from choking up the harbor. Ilere in
this case ;i dike is proposed for the purpose
of deflecting the action of the water and pre-
venting tho sand from blocking up the harbor.
In the one case the improvement is made upon
the shore of a lake, supplying several thousand
miles of navigation; in the other case the pro-
posed improvement is upon a river, also sup-
plying several thousand miles of navigation.
The principle appears to be the same with that
upon which other appropriations in this bill
arc made. The ease, in my judgment, pre-
sents as just a claim as these; and I therefore
ask the House to sustain xny amendment.
{Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. ELIOT. The geptleman from Illinois
[Mr. Baker] has, I believe, on every propo-
sition which lias come before the House voted
against this bill. He has voted to lay it on
the table and to postpone it. All his votes
have indicated a hostility to the bill which cer-
tainly does not, in my judgment, warrant that
he should anticipate a very favorable reception
for the amendment which he offers.
Mr. BAKER. The gentleman will allow me
to correct him. I did not vote to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. ELIO'L'. I thought the gentleman did.
Mr. BAKER. I did vote to postpone the
bill; I did vote for the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano ;] and 1 will
add that I do not know why the rights or inter-
ests of my constituents should be prejudiced
because I do not combine with the represent-
atives of other interests on this floor.
Mr. ELIOT. I agree to that, and now as
the gentleman has taken up quite enough of
rny time I will say a word as to the merits of
his amendment. There is no such appropria-
tion in this bill as that which the gentleman
proposes. _ According to my recollection, no
appropriation of a similar kind has ever been
made. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washbcrse,] the chairman of the committee,
informs me that there was once an appropria-
tion of this character for Dubuque. If that is
so, the case must standalone. The appropria-
tion now proposed is to make a harbor. It is
not to improve navigation, but to benefit the
town of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Baker.] That town, it appears, is being in-
jured by the water, and this appropriation is
designed to prevent that injury. Now, sir, we
do not propose to dig out any harbor in order
that after vessels have got into the harbor they
shall find sufficiently deep water. That is not
the object of this bill. It is to improve harbors
and to improve the navigation into harbors.
The gentleman from Illinois brought this mat-
ter before the committee, and certainly there
is no member on this floor whom personally
I should be more desirous to accommodate
than that gentleman. But for the considera-
tions I have named—the importance ofhaving
this bill proceed upon a uniform and consistent
principle and the necessity of keeping the ap-
propriations within proper bounds—the gentle-
man's proposition would, I doubt not, have
received more favorable consideration from the
committee. But there is nothingin this billto
justify this amendment. It has no such claim
to our approval as the appropriations contained
in the bill. I hope, therefore, that the House
will not adopt it.
Mr. CARY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of
Andrew Althausen and others, workmen in the
manufacture of chemicals at Cincinnati, Ohio,
representing that the depression of the manu-
facturing industry of the country affects disas-
trously every form of production and business,
and must reduce the revenues and endanger
the credit of the Government, and praying for
such increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
country.
By Mr. PETERS: A remonstrance of George
Stetson and others, of Bangor, Maine, against
a reduction of the tariff on lumber.
Also, the petition of Mahala Jane Robert-
son, for relief.
By Mr. POLAND: A remonstrance of J. J.
Esty and 120 others, of Brattleboro', Vermont,
against the extension of Howe's patent on
sewing-machines.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 29, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. J. V. Schofield, of St.
Louis, Missouri.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of Dr.
Robert Lebby, praying a removal of the civil
disabilities imposed on him by acts of Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Professor Agassiz, of Cambridge, and a large
number of others, professors of Harvard Uni-
versity, and also professors of the Institute of
Technology in Boston, in which they plead that
Congress take steps that the statute of the
Legislature of California with regard to the
Yosemite valley shall not receive the sanction
of Congress. They say that it is inconsistent with
the just fulfillment of the purposes of the ori-
ginal grant, and with an honest, patriotic pride ;
and they respectfully and earnestly protest
against the ratification or confirmation by Con-
gress of any conveyance of any part of the
Yosemite valley by the State of California to
individuals. I believe that this subject is under
the consideration of the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and I move the reference of this
petition to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition of citizens of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying the passage of the House bill to en-
courage.commerce and internal trade by facili-
tating direct importations ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia county, Pennsylvania,
praying that the survivors of the war of 1812,
whether soldiers or sailors, and the surviving
widows of any who may have died or who may
hereafter die, may be placed upon the pension-
roll ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
reports op committees.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 139)
excluding from the Electoral College votes of
States lately in rebellion which shall not have
been reorganized, to report the same back
with an amendment and recommendation that
it be adopted. I shall ask the Senate to* take
it up and consider it to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 567) relating to the
Preedmen's Bureau and providing for its dis-
continuance, reported it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 394) confirming title to Little Rock
Island, in the Mississippi river, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 415) to create
an additional land district in the Territory of
Dakota, to be called the Pembina district,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 152) to extend
the time for the completion of the West Wis-
consin railroad; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Frederick Vincent, administrator
of James Le Caze and others, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 580) for
the relief of Frederick Vincent, administrator
of James Le Caze, surviving partner ofLe Caze
and Mallet. The bill was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 240) to amend section
thirteen of an act entitled "An act to increase
and fix the military peace establishment of the
United States,'' reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from t'he Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
kill (H. R. No. 65) for the relief of William
McGarrahan, reported adversely thereon, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 449) to revive and continue in force
the act of the 29th of July, 1850, and the act
amendatory thereof of the 2d of April, 1852,
reported it with an amendment.
message jroii tiie hodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 522)
to authorize the Commissioner of the Revenue
to settle the accounts of Andrew S. Core, with
amendments, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
funding of public debt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to report from
the Committee on Finance an amendment to be
proposed to the civil or miscellaneous appro-
priation bill. I wish now to say to the Senate
that this amendment, proposed by the unan-
imous vote of the Committee on Finance to be
added to the civil appropriation bill, contains
some important provisions in regard to fund-
ing the public debt. I submit it now, and ask
that it be printed, so that their attention may be
called to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it increase the ap-
propriation"?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no item of
appropriation in it.
The'proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
interest on state bonds.
Mr. MORGAN. If there be no further
morning business, I ask the Senate to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 94. This joint
resolution was considered some time since, and
