1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
40™ Cong....2d Sess.
Report of Hie Secretary of (he Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps. 1
yards and naval establishments, and for dis-
tribution to the naval vessels to which they
were to be assigned. The Minnesota sailed
from New York on the 21th of July, having on
board forty-six midshipmen, and she lias vis-
ited a number of the principal ports on the
European coast, and has passed «p the Medi-
terranean as far as Toulon. She is to return
by the way of Aspinwall, where all the mid-
shipmen not assigned to the European squad-
ron will be detached and join vessels on the
Pacific stations.
The Michigan has been employed in her
usual duties on the lakes.
LOSS OF TIIE SACEAMENTO.
The Sacramento, Captain Napoleon Collins,
which was performing an important and inter-
esting cruise, was wrecked on the 19th of J une
last in the bay of Bengal, on the reefs off the
mouth of the Kothapalem, a branch of the
Godavery river, Madras district. The vessel
proved a total wreck, but happily no lives were
lost. Two strong rafts were constructed during
the night of the 19th, and on the succeeding
morning one of them, with a part of the olliccrs
and men, was safely towed to the shore. The
other, having on it twenty-nine officers and
men, was swept out to sea by the tide and cur-
rents, but fortunately those upon it were rescued
the next day, about twelve miles from the wreck
of the ship, by the Biitish mail steamer Arabia,
Captain Ballantine, who, in order to land them,
deviated some twenty miles from his course.
The remaining officers and men safely readied
the shore in the boats of the ship and by the
aid of other rafts—the last man leaving on the
morning of the 21st. The spot where they
landed was a sterile beach without water, and
the natives could neither supply them with food
nor render any other assistance. They worked
their way in their boats to the French town of
Yanaon, and from thence to Madras. Every
assistance was rendered them at these places
by the civil officers and citizens, and by officers
of naval and merchant vessels, and they were
not only provided with the necessaries, but
with the luxuries of life. Captain Collins, with
his officers and the crew of the Sacramento,
sailed from Cocanada on the 17th of August,
in the ship General Caulfield, and arrived in
New York on the 19th of November. As is
usual in such cases a court of inquiry has been
ordered, and is now in session.
IROX-CLAl) MIAXTOXOKOH.
At the date of my last report the iron-clad
Miantonomoh was in European waters. She
passed up the Mediterranean as far as Naples,
visiting several intermediate ports, and return-
ing left Gibraltar on the 15th of May, en route
to the United States. She returned by the way
of the Canary, Cape do Verde, and West India
islands, and reached Philadelphia oil the 22d
of July, having steamed during her absence
from the United States 17,707 miles.
The cruise of the Miantonomoh to Europe
and her return, and of the Monadnoek to San
Francisco, are the most remarkable voyages
ever undertaken by turreted iron-clad vessels.
These vessels encountered every variety of
weather, and under all circumstances proved
themselves to be stauuch, reliable sea-going
ships. The monitor type of vessel has been
constructed primarily for harbor defense, and
it was not contemplated that they would do
more than move from port to port on our own
coast. These voyages demonstrate their abil-
ity to go to any part of the world, and it is
believed by experienced naval officers that with
slight modifications above the water-line, in no
way interfering with their efficiency in action,
they will safely make the longest and most diffi-
cult voyages without convoy.
Steam, turreted iron-clads and fifteen-inch
guns have revolutionized naval warfare, and
foreign Governments, becoming sensible of this
great change, are slowly but surely coming to
the conclusion that turreted vessels and heavy
ordnance are essential parts of an efficient
fighting navy.
NEW VESSELS.
Four new vessels have been launched dur-
ing the year: the Mosholu, 1,448 tons, at New
York, on the 22d of December; the Mir.ne-
tonka, 2,490 tons, at Kittery, on the 3d of
July; the Pushmataha, 1,448 tons, at Phila-
delphia, on the 17th of July; and the Nantas-
ket, 523 tons, at Charlestown, on the 15th of
August.
The construction of these vessels was well
advanced before the close of the war, but their
final completion has not been pressed, and
work has been done upon them only when it
could be most economically accomplished.
The machinery for these vessels is now being
placed on board, and they will be ready for
service in the course of the ensuing year. The
Guerricrc. a vessel similar to the Minnetonka,
is the flag-ship of the South Atlantic squadronj
and her performance under steam and sail, and
with both combined, has been well spoken of.
The Piseataqua, of the same class, is under
orders, and will sail in a few days as the flag-
ship of the Asiatic squadron.
'J'he steam machinery is completed for seven
more vessels of this class, but it is not the
intention of the Department to commence their
construction at present. A smaller vessel is
found to be more serviceable and convenient
for general purposes, and the building of four
a trifle larger than the Nantasket has been
commenced—the Algoma, at lvittery; the
Alaska, at Charlestown; the Kenosha, at
New York, and the Omaha, at Philadelphia.
These vessels will be completed in the fall and
winter of the ensuing year. 'They arc neces-
sary to replace vessels of the permanent Navy
which have been lost or were so much dam-
aged during the war that their further repair
is inexpedient. The machinery l'ur these \ es-
sels is already completed.
There are several vessels on the stocks at the
different yards, upon which work has been
wholly suspended, and in all of which some
portion of the machinery has been placed. At
the Kittery yard is the Illinois of 2,490 tons
and the iron-clad Passaconaway of 2,127 tons.
At the Charlestown yard the Pompanoosne of
2,869 tons and the iron-elad Quinsigamond of
2,127 tons; also the ship-of-the-line Virginia,
the keel of which was laid in 1820, and which
when launched can only be used as a receiving-
ship. At the New York yard the Ontario of
2,490 tons and the iron-clad Kalamazoo of 2,127
tons. At the Philadelphia yard the iron-clad
Shakamaxon of 2,127 tons. Besides these
vessels upon which no work is being done there
is at the New York yard the Java; at the
Philadelphia yard the Antietam, and at the
Charlestown yard the Kewaydin, each of 2,49!)
tons, which are not under permanent cover,
and upon which a small amount of work is
being done to put them in condition to be at
least partially protected from deterioration by
the weather, as it may be many years before
they will be launched. The Nesliaminy and
Aramonoosue of 2,019 tons are receiving (heir
machinery at the wharves of the contractors in
New York.
The appropriation for all of these vessels was
made prior to the close of the war, and the
construction of all but the four small vessels
whose keels have recently been laid was com-
menced months before hostilities terminated.
.VAVY-VARii FACILITIES.
The experience of the last seven years has
demonstrated the importance of more exten-
sive areas and greater facilities at the navy-
yards for the construction and repair of naval
vessels and their machinery. Our navy-yards
are too circumscribed in their limits, as well as
too deficient in their means, t o build and sustain
a liavy which is at all commensurate with our
position and character among nations. More
enlarged accommodations, where the work
required can be better, more reliably, and. so
far as repairs are involved, more economically
executed, should be provided.
Notwitlistandingpresent deficiencies, and the
unfinished condition of many of the shops and
buildings, Congress omitted to make appro-
priations for improvements in any of the navy-
yards for the currentyear. Inconsequence of
this omission the estimates herewith presented
for that head for the ensuing fiscal year, which
will close on the 30th of June 1869, are neces-
sarily increased.
Seavy s island, adjacent to the Kittery navy-
yard, is a valuable addition to that important
station, and when Congress shall hare made
appropriation for its improvement, accommo-
dations adequate to the public wants at that
point may be expected to be made. No funds
have been supplied by Congress for establish-
ing any additional works on the island, or for
extending the yard in that direction, conse-
quently nothing has been done beyond the
repairs and occupancy of the dwellings. Should
Congress furnish the means this valuable ac-
quisition may be easily made available for
useful purposes, though the improvements m€st
necessarily be the work of years.
The reasons stated in my last annual report
for essential improvements at the Norfolk and
Pensacola navy-yards are referred to, without
repeating them in detail, as still existing, and
every consideration of policy and duty calls
for the necessary appropriations to place those
establishments in a condition of usefulness to
the country. In some respects the yard at
Norfolk lias advantages superior to any other
station. Accessible as the harbor is at all
seasons of the year, and having a permanent
stone dry-dock already constructed, there is no
reason why the facilities afforded should not
be made available to the country.
Tlie tcmporaiy arrangements which were
made for the occupancy of the navy-jard at
Pensacola still continue, and the buildings
which were spared remain in a dilapidated
and scarcely habitable condition. Kitchens
and stables which escaped destruction are
occupied as residences by the officers attached
to the yard, with few of the conveniences and
none of the comforts of home. In peaceable
times the work at this yard will not be exten-
sive, but being the only naval station on the
Gulf of Mexico, and there being no large ports
in that section where naval vessels can be re-
paired, it is important in an economical point
of view, as well as advantageous in many re-
spects, that this yard should be placed in a
proper condition.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
The act of Congress approved February 18,
18K7, authorized the acceptance of the title to
League island ''and adjacent marsh land, in-
cluding the whole of the crock known as the
back channel, from the Schuylkill to the Dela-
ware river, and all the riparian rights and priv-
ileges of said League island, adjacent marsh,
and back channel, together with so much of
the opposite shore of the back channel from
the League island shoie as shall, in the opin-
ion of the Secret aiy of the Navy, be ample to
enable the Government to have the sole and
exclusive use of said back channel and both
shores thereof,'' provided "the acceptance
thereof shall be recommended by a board of
officers to be appointed by the President.''
You were pleased to designate as members
of the board Rear Admiral Charles H. Davis,
United States Na\ y, president: Major General
A. A. Humphreys, chief of engineer corps
United States Army : Commodore James Al-
don, United States Navy; Chief Engineer J.
■\V. King. United States Navy, and Professor
J. E. llilgard. of the coast survey. On the 11th
of April the board reported that it ''had read
with .-erupulous attention the several_ reports
and opinions on the League island subject, and
its suitableness for naval purposes, proceeding
from commissions of inquiry or l'rotn other
official authorities; it has given a respcctlul
