1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2543
sickness in his family; and to Mr. Kelley, on
account of indispesition.
adjournment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist
now upon my motion to adjourn.
Mr. PILE. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn
takes precedence of any other motion but one
to fix the time to which the adjournment shall
be made.
Mr. PIKE. I suppose we can adjourn with
the general understanding that no business shall
be done to-morrow, but that we shall meet and
adjourn from day to day until the matting is
put down in the Hall.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent, and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] has objected. The Chair
is informed that it will take about three days
to put down the matting.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the gentleman from New
York will withdraw his objection. It is evi-
dent no business can be done even if we do
meet.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. WASITBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
for the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 33, nays 59, not voting 97 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Bailey, Bea-
rn an, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Donnelly, Driggs, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Grover, Iligby, Ilolman, Jones, Julian, Kelley,
George V. Lawrence, McOoriniek, Morgan, O'Neill,
Poland, lioss, Sclicnck, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Trump. Cadwalader 0. Washburn,
Elihu B. Washburno, Henry D. Washburn, and John
T. "Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Blaine, Brooks,
Butler, Cobb, Covode, Eggleston, Eidridge, Eliot,
Terry, Fields, Golladay, Gravely, Haight, Harding,
Hooper, Hopkins, Ilunter, Ingersoll, Kelsey, Ketch-
am, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Loughridge, Marvin,
McClurg, Jlercur. Morrell, Newcomb, Nicholson,
Nunn, Orth. Paine. Perham, Pike, Pile, Plants, Pols-
ley, ltauin.Robertson, Robinson,Sawyer,Sitgrcaves,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stovens,
Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
William B. Washburn, and James F.Wilson—59.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Bock, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Boyer, Broomail, Buckland.Burr,
Cake, Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook,
Cornell, Cuilom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Ecklcy, Ela,
Farnsworth, Fcrriss, Finney, Fox, Getz, Griswold,
Halsey, Hawkins, Hill, Hotchkiss, Asahcl W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, .Tenckes, Johnson, Judd, Kerr,
Knott, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Cullougli, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mul-
lins, Mungen, Myers, Niblaek, Peters, Phelps. Pome-
roy, Price, Pruyn, Randall, Scofiold, Selye, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Stokes,
Stone, Taber, Taylor, Twiohell, Van Aernam. Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodbridge, and
Woodward—97.
The SPEAKER. The House refuses to
adjourn,and noquorum has voted.
Mr. PILE. 1 move a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-one,
noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, I
wish to submit a proposition by unanimous con-
sent. There is no quorum here. I understand
the managers do not expect to ask the inter-
vention of the House in any matters before
them, and the only question is whether we are
to go away or meet here from day to day to do
nothing but pass on dilatory motions.
Mr. PILE. How many do we lack of a
quorum?
The SPEAKER. Six members.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
state further, that if we adjourn over the House
can be put in its summer trim. Ifwedonot, we
shall have to take three or four days at a time
when we are engaged in business.
Several Members. Say till Monday.
The SPEAKER. Under the Constitution
the House cannot adjourn till Monday.
Mr. HIGBY. Let it be understood, by
unanimous consent, that the Speaker shall
adjourn the House from Saturday till Monday.
The SPEAKER. Less than a quorum can
adjourn from Saturday till Monday, being but
one legislative day. If there is no objection,
the motion of the gentlemen from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] will be considered as agreed to.
The Chair hears none.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope-
there will be an understanding that, there will
be no business on Saturday, so that the door-
keepers may not be interrupted.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
understanding that no business shall be trans-
acted on Saturday except to entertain a motion
to adjourn?
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it necessary that any
resolution should be passed now to secure a
settlement of the Hall?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DRIGGS. I do not object to the un-
derstanding, but I suggest that there might
possibly be a quorum here.
Several Members. Oh, no ; we are all going
away.
Mr. DRIGGS. I make no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
leave op absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Harding.
sale of iron-clads.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, in an-
swer to a House resolution of the 15th instant,
copies of all correspondence between the Navy
Department and any other parties relative to
the sale of the iron-clads Oneota and Catawba;
which was referred to the joint Committee on
Retrenchment, and ordered to be printed.
personal explanation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the courtesy of the
House to be allowed not more than five minutes
to make a statement personal to myself.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, if the
feeling in the country in reference to impeach-
ment and the result of the vote on last Satur-
day were an ordinary one 1 should not feel
called upon to notice any assaults made upon
myself in connection with that subject; but,
much as I am opposed to personal explana-
tions, I do not i'eel that I can, in justice to
myself and to the constituency that I represent,
allow an assault to be made upon myself which
is scandalous and, perhaps, malicious. It is
certainly without the slightest foundation, and
seems to demand some notice from me. I
cannot consent to sit here in my seat in the
House and allow the public journals of the
country to traduce me and attempt to blacken
my character without some notice at my hands.
I hold in my hand a copy of the Chicago Re-
publican of the date of Monday, May 18. In
an editorial in that paper reviewing an article
from the Chicago Tribune of the day previous,
the 17th, among other things it is stated, in
substance, that it is not surprising that the Chi-
cago Tribune should have received news in ad-
vance of other journals of that city in reference
to what the vote on impeachment would be, as
it had means of information denied to the other
journals at Chicago; that I took a " night
trip'' from Washington to Chicago to carry
this news to the Tribune, and that the "Trum-
bull-Grimes plot" was made by me. I state
the substance of the charge, as the language of
the Republican is intemperate and indecent.
I should care but little about the language or
the article if it had reference to any other sub-
ject than impeachment. What particular opin-
ion the Chicago Republican may entertain of
myself is a matter of perhaps small conse-
quence, although it is better to have the good
opinion of all, and I have in my life endeav-
ored to merit it.
This article charges, in substance, that there
is a plot between certain Senators and others
to secure the acquittal of the President; that I
am in that plot; that the Chicago Tribune is
in the plot, and that I took a trip from Iiere
to Chicago to give the Tribune information.
What_ particular advantage there could be in
that, if true, to the Tribune I cannot yet see.
But I wish to state, and do state most emphat-
ically, that the whole charge, from beginning to
end, so far as concerns myself, is absolutely
and unqualifiedly false. There is not even a
shadow of truth to base it upon. On the 2d
of this month I left this city for my home in
Peoria witli the view of attending the congres-
sional convention, which was held in Galeshurg
on the 5th instant, and also the State conven-
tion, which was held in Peoria on the 6th
instant. I left Washington for the purpose of
attending those two conventions, and took the
usual route home by way of Baltimore, Har-
risburg, and Chicago to Peoria. I arrived in
Chicago on Monday, the 4th, and left there the
next morning for Peoria. During the time I
was in Chicago it so happened that I never met
no one of the editors of the Tribune or anybody
in any way associated with that paper; neither
did I speak on the subject of the impeachment
to any human being who had any interest or
connection with the Tribune to my knowledge.
This article, from beginning to end, in so far as
it refers to me, has not the slightest tint of truth
in it. I knew no more with regard to the vote
on impeachment or how any individual Sena-
tor intended to vote than any other and all the
other members in this House. I want to make
this statement distinctly that, since the com-
mencement of the impeachment trial, I have
never spoken one word to any Senator on the
subject of his vote. I have abstained from
expressing an opinion in the presence of Sen-
ators, feeling that I had no right to attempt to
influence their judgments or to control their
votes.
This much I have said in self-defense from
what I know to be an unjustifiable assault.
reference of bills.
The SPEAKER. Some of the committees
of this House will meet during the recess; and
as there are a number of bills from the Senate
upon the Speaker's table, if there be no objec-
tion the Chair will lay them before the House
so that they may be referred to their appro-
priate committees. Should the reference of
any bill be objected to by any member it will
remain on the Speaker's table.
No objection was made.
navajo indians.
The first business on the Speaker's table
were amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 733, for the relief of the Navajo Indians
at the Bosque Redondo, and to establish them
on a reservation; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
school property in the district.
The next business on the Speaker's table
were amendments of the Senate to amendments
of the House to Senate bill 'No. 389, exempt-
ing property in the District of Columbia held
and used for school purposes from local taxa-
tion ; which were referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
presentation of bills to president, etc.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 3GG, regulating the pre-
sentation of bills to the President of the United
States and the return of the same.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know what is in
that bill. I think it had better be left on the
Speaker's table.
goldsmith brothers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 151. for the relief of Gold-
smith Brothers, of the cities of San Francisco,
California, and Portland, Oregon, brokers.
Mr. ROSS. 1 think that bill had better be
allowed to remain on the Speaker's (able.
Mr. ALLISON. Let it be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. ROSS. Very well; I have no objection
if it is not to be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
