1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
conquered country as a part of the State of
Massachusetts, and as a part of the United
States also, and that the authority and govern-
ment both of the State and the United States
were immediately, instantly, by the effectofthe
principle of post limine, reinstated in the con-
quered country, and that it required no legis-
lation, at least there was no legislation, State
or congressional, for rehabilitating that por-
tion of the district of Maine, then a portion
of the State of Massachusetts. Suppose the
whole of Maine had been conquered; would
not the principle have applied to all of it? If
the British arms had possessed every foot of
Maine in the war of 1812, upon the expulsion
of the arms of England or their withdrawal
upon a treaty of peace from the territory of
Maine, what would have been the result? Sup-
pose the conquest had been of the entire State
of Massachusetts, including the district of
Maine; would not the principle of post limine,
without any congressional or State legislation,
have reinstated the entire State of Massachu-
setts, including the district of Maine, as one
of the States of the Union, and as the entire
State of Massachusetts?
In the case of Luther vs. Borden, if the
United States forces had not intervened, or
the President had not said that lie would inter-
pose with those forces, Dorr would have taken
possession of the whole State. He would have
driven the charter government from it. He
would have placed his government in posses-
sion of the power of the State, positively and
actually, and the charter government would
have been expelled. Suppose that had been
the condition of the State of Rhode Island when
the President of the United States undertook
to intervene with the military power for the
purpose of suppressing disorder, and Dorr,
when he was actually the Governor of Rhode
Island under a government de facto, and was
holding and exercising his power as Governor
of the whole State, had been marched upon
by the arms and authorities of the United
States, and had been expelled from the State,
would not immediately the State, upon his
expulsion, have passed under the jurisdiction
and authority of her charter government and
the Governor and all the officers under the
charter government? Certainly those conse-
quences would have ensued, and they would
have followed from the operation of the prin-
ciple of our Constitution with the principle of
post limine superadded to it. Upon this prin-
ciple the moment the insurrection in the South
was suppressed it became the duty of the
authorities of the United States to reinstate
things just as they existed before; and whether
those authorities acted and reinstated things
or not the principle of law and of the Consti-
tution de jure would reinstate the States, and
they would then be legally and constitutionally
as much States in the Union as though they
had never revolted against the Government of
the United States.
Mr. President, I hold, not with a view to this
impcacliment, but to a great and fundamental
principle of the Constitution, that neither
Congress nor a majority of Congress have
any power to exclude a State from the Union
and from having its full and legal representa-
tion in the Senate and in the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and that whenever Congress exer-
cises power so as to organize the two Houses
upon the principle of the forcible exclusion of
Senators and Representatives from any State
it is no longer a legal, constitutional, and valid
Congress, and the Senate has no rightful power,
until Senators from the excluded States are
admitted, to form itself into a court for the
trial of the President or any other officer.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the propo-
sition of the Senator from Kentucky is that
this is not a Senate and will not be until
Senators are admitted from the rebel States.
I can only say that the presence of that Sena-
tor here is a protest against his argument. If
I believed that this was not a Senate, that it
was a fragmentary, illegal body, I should not
be willing to stay here, and I should ieel that
every dollar that I received in the way of salary
and mileage was illegally obtained, and was a
fraud upon the Government; and I feel sure
that the honorable Senator from Kentucky
would regard his reception of mileage and
compensation in the same light, if this was
really and truly a fragmentary body, and un-
authorized by the Constitution.
The Constitution requires no other Senate for
the trial of an impeachment than what is re-
quired for any other purpose. The same Senate
that can pass a bill can sit in the trial of an
impeachment. The Senator can find no dif-
ference in the Constitution. There is nothing
in the Constitution that says there shall be two
Senators here from every State; it says that to
convict on impeachment shall require the votes
of two thirds of the members present, that is
what it says.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Ken-
tucky ignores one fact in his argument, which
I think is of some importance in the considera-
tion of this question; that is to say, he ignores
the fact that there has been a rebellion. He
treats the ten States which now have no repre-
sentatives on this floor, as being illegally and
unproperly excluded without cause. He omits
any recognition of the fact that there has been
a rebellion, that the people of those States have
been in arms against the Government of the
United States. He omits to mention the fact
that they withdrew their Senators from this
Chamber for a treasonable purpose, and that
they engaged in hostility against the Govern-
ment of the United States. These facts are
material ill the consideration of this question.
He says that every State in this Union is enti-
tled to two Senators upon this floor. I contro-
vert that proposition entirely. If the people of
a State have destroyed their State government,
if Ih^y have no legal State government that is
authorized to elect Senators, I ask how they can
have Senators upon this floor? If we regard
these ten States as States in this Union, still the
fact remains that they destroyed their loyal
State governments, and they have no State gov-
ernments that are legal and are recognized by
the Government of the United States; and,
therefore, they have no means under the Con-
stitution of putting Senators upon this floor.
But, Mr. President, I do not think it worth
while to undertake to follow the Senator in his
argument. As I remarked before, I regard his
presence here as a protest against his whole
argument.
Mr. DAYIS. Suppose, Mr. President, that
there were but halt' a dozen Senators here,
does not the Constitution give them the light
to adjourn from day to day until a quorum can
be got together ; and would not those half a
dozen Senators be entitled to their pay? I
agree with the Senator, and it is the position I
have occupied for four or five years in this
body, that it requires a majority of the whole
number of the Senate to constitute a quorum
to do business. It took this Senate a year or
two to come to a different conclusion. The
honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Shermax]
made a proposition defining a less number of
the Senate to be a quorum at two different ses-
sions ; I do not recollect the exact date of the
two propositions. When he first presented his
proposition to the Senate it was resisted by the
late Senator Foot, and it was resisted by Sena-
tor Foster, in speeches of unanswerable ability
and force, both upon principle and precedent.
All the precedents were gone into and exam-
ined, and were laid before the Senate in the
arguments of those distinguished Senators, as
I attempted to do myself at the second session
when the proposition was offered ; and there
are but one or two precedents that have any
tendency to establish a different conclusion.
Nine out of ten of the early precedents of the
Government, both in the Senate and in the
House of Representatives, were in support of
the proposition that no member of either House
less than a majority of the whole body could
constitute a quorum to do business. I wish I
had time to refer to the able and exhaustive
arguments, both upon principle and authority,
made upon this important proposition by the
late Senator Foot and by Senator Foster when
they were members of this body.
1 have not attempted to argue the question
whether a State, when in a condition of rebel-
lion, is entitled to representation inr either
House of Congress. It is not necessary that
I should. It may be that I would dissent from
that proposition, and I suppose I would. My
position is, that when the rebellion has been
suppressed, when the State and the people of
the State have submitted, when they are in
obedience to the laws, the Constitution, and
the authorities of the United States they are
then loyal. The fact that a State or a people
may be disloyal this year is no argument to
prove that they will be disloyal next year.
That they were disloyal last year, or the year
before, and in a state of armed resistance to
the laws of the United States, does not prove,
or tend to prove, that they are not loyal now.
When they have fully and in the best faith
submitted, foregone all opposition and all re-
sistance to the authority and laws of the United
States, come under the jurisdiction and force
and effect of that authority and of those laws;
when, in point of fact, they are loyal in the
truth and fidelity of their submission to the
Government of the United States and its laws
and authority, and when in this submission
and obedience they are as true, as sincere, as
any people of the United States, I maintain
that those people are loyal. They may have
committed crimes, and did commit crimes.
Those crimes may be treason; they may be
murder; they may be other felonies. For
those crimes they are amenable, but they are
amenable to the courts and by the laws of the
country and in no other way. I have always
conceded that while they were in arms they
were to be treated as public enemies; that
they might be pursued, shot down, captured,
and were subject to all the laws of an active
war; but when they submit to the authority
of the United States, and are obedient to its
laws, they are entitled to the constitutional
rights of citizens of the United States.
The honorable Senator from Indiana pre-
sents a case that I was not arguing, and it is a
case not now before the Senate. The case before
the Senate is this: after the rebellion was sup-
pressed ; after resistance had been conquered
and crushed out; when there was no longer a
vestige of it remaining; when the people of
these States had submitted in the best faith,
in the truest allegiance and obedience to the
Government, and were asking to come back
to the Union, had they not the right to send
their Senators and Representatives to Con-
gress? I maintain that they had. I have
always maintained that principle, and I be-
lieve it to be one of the essential and one of
the most important principles of the Constitu-
tion. It was so treated in the early history of
the Government, when the Senate from time
to time adjourned and refrained from doing
any business until a majority of the whole
number of the Senate could be got together.
It was so regarded by the House of Repre-
sentatives in the early history of our civil Gov-
ernment, when the House also adjourned from
time to time until a majority of all the mem-
bers of the House could be got together. My
recollection is not so distinct as to the House;
but as to the Senate it is distinct, because I
made particular examination; and I believe,
with a solitary exception, out of from nine to
a dozen cases the precedents all established
the principle that a majority of the whole num-
ber of the Senate is necessary to constitute a
quorum to do business.
But, sir, the principle upon which I make
this motion is simply this: that these ten States
are States of the Union; that every branch
of this Government, including Congress, has
treated them in repeated important official acts
as being States of the Union and in the Union ;
that, being States of the Union and in the
Union, subject to its taxes, to its burdens, and
to all the duties that are imposed upon loyal
citizens, they and their States have the same
