THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Section three, article one, of the Coastitu-
tion, says:
"The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments."
I was present on the 15th day of April, 1865,
the day of the death of the lamented Lincoln,
when you, Mr. President, administered to
Andrew Johnson the oath of office as Presi-
dent of the United States. He then and there
swore that he would "preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution of the United States,"
and •' take care that the laws should be faith-
fully executed."
On the 2d of March, 1867, Congress passed
a law over the veto of the President entitled
"An act to regulate the tenure of certain civil
offices," the first section of which is as follows:
"Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Co tigress assem-
bled, That every person holding any civil offioeto
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who may
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall
be, entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and ot the Interior, the Postmaster
General, and the Attorney Geneial, shall hold their
oflices respectively for and during the term of the
President by whom they may have been appointed,
and for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
This law is in entire harmony with the Con-
stitution. "Every person appointed or to be
appointed" to office with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate shall hold the office until
a successor shall "in like manner" that is,
" by the advice and consent of the Senate," be
appointed and qualified. This is obviously in
pursuance of the Constitution.
Now, if we construe this section independ-
ently of the proviso, we shall see that the
removal of Mr. Stanton without the advice and
consent of the Senate, and before his successor
was appointed with the advice and consent of
the Senate, was a misdemeanor, and was so
declared and made punishable by the^ sixth
section of the same act. And, again, if Mr.
Stanton's case is excepted from thebody of
the act, and comes without the proviso, then
his removal without the concurrence of the
Senate, was a violation of the law, because,
by the terms of the proviso, he was only sub-
ject to removal by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
But my colleague [Mr. Trumbull] contends
that Mr. Stanton was not included in the body
of the section, because there is a proviso to it
which excepts him and other heads of Depart-
ments from "every other civil officer," and
yet he argues that he is not in the proviso
itself, which certainly is strange logic. He
argues that his tenure-of-office was given under
the act of 1789, and that by that act the Presi-
dent had a right to remove him. If this be so,
why did not the President remove him under
that act, and not suspend him under the ten-
ure-of-office act, and why did my colleague act
under the tenure-of-offiee law in restoring Mr.
Stanton ?
It is claimed that Mr. Stanton is not included
within the civil-tenure-of-office act, because he
was not appointed by Mr. Johnson, in whose
term he was removed; that he was appointed
by Mr. Lincoln, and that Mr. Stanton's term
expired- one month after his (Mr. Lincoln's)
death, and that Johnson is not serving part of
Mr. Lincoln's term.
The true construction of the whole section,
including the proviso, is that every person
appointed and to be appointed, with the advice
and consent of the Senate, is to hold the office
until his successor shall have been in like man-
ner appointed and qualified, except the heads
ot' Departments, who are to hold their offices,
not till their successors are appointed, but
during the term of the President by whom they
may have been appointed and for one month
longer, and always " subject to removal by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate."
Now, the only object of the proviso was to
confer upon the Secretary of War, and other
heads of Departments, a definite tenure of
office, and a different term from that given-io
the body of the act. Can anything be plainer
than that the case of Stanton is embraced, in
the meaning of the section, and that he is
entitled either to hold until his successor shall
have been appointed, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, or during the term
of the President, not "in which he was
appointed," but " during the term of the Pres-
ident by whom he was appointed ? "
At the time of the passage of the act of
March 2, 1867, Mr. Stanton was holding the
office of Secretary of War for, and in the term
of, Mr. Lincoln, by whom he had been ap-
pointed, which term had commenced on the
4th of March, 1865, and will end March 4,
1869. The Constitution defines the President's
term thus : " He shall hold his office during
the term of four years." It further says that
the term of the Vice President shall be four
years. In case of death or vacancy '1 the duties
of his office shall devolve on the Vice Presi-
dent." When Mr. Lincoln died Mr. Johnson's
term was not a new one, but he succeeded to
Mr. Lincoln's office and performs its duties
for the remainder of Mr. Lincoln's term. Mr.
Stanton was appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and,
according to the proviso, holds for the term
of the President " by whom he was appointed,
and one month thereafter," and cau be re-
moved only by the appointment of a successor,
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
before the expiration of his term.
Jf, as contended by the President, Mr. Stan-
ton's term expired with the death of Lincoln,
and Mr. Johnson did not reappoint or com-
mission him, then from the death of Mr. Lin-
coln until the commencement of this trial there
was no legal Secretary of War, and the Presi-
dent permitted Stanton to act without authority
of law, to disburse millions of public money,
ancl to perform all the various functions of
Secretary of War without warrant of law, which
would of itself be a misdemeanor. I believe
it was the Senator from Main? [Mr. Fessende;;]
who said "dead men have no terms." When
that Senator was elected for six years to the
Senate, does it not remain his term though he
should die or resign before its expiration, and
would not his successor chosen to fiil the
vacancy serve simply for the remainder of his
term, and not a new term of his own for six
years? I conld consent to the construction of
the Senator from Maine if, instead of limiting
the presidential term to four years, it had
provided that his term should be four years or
till the death of the President, in case of his
decease before the expiration of the four years;
but it does not so provide.
The meaning of the word "vice" in Vice
President is, "instead of" or "to stand in
the place of;" "one who stands in the place
of another." Therefore, Mr. Johnson suc-
ceeded, not to his own, but to Mr. Lincoln's
term, with all its conditions and incidents.
Death does not terminate a man's term of
office. If a tenant of a farm for a term of
seven years dies at the end of his first year,
the remainder of the lease vests in his legal
representatives ; so the remainder of Mr. Lin-
coln's term at his death vested in his succes-
sor, Mr. Johnson. It follows that Mr. Stan-
ton's term, ascertained by the act of March 2.
1867. does not expire till one month after the
4th of March, 1869, and that his removal and
the appointment ol an officer in his place, with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate, was
a violation of the law.
The second section provides that when the
I Senate is not in session, if the President shall
j deem the officer guilty of acts which require
' his renioval or suspension, he may be sus-
■ pended until the next meeting of the Senate;
i and that within twenty days after the meeting
I of the Senate the reasons for such suspension
1 shall be reported to that body; and if the Sen-
ate shall deem such reasons sufficient for such
| suspension or removal, the officer shall be con-
j sidered removed from his office: but if the
' Senate shall not deem tiie reasons sufficient
■ for suspension or removal, the officer shsdl
forthwith -.resume the filnctlona /of his office,
and the person appointed' in" his pteee" shall
cease to (discharge s-aeh duties, . „ , . >
That is-tb'eay, when, any oMperj appointed
in njamrer'.Ahd form "provided in the first
section—that is, by ah<l ,>ntli the advice.and
consent of the/Senate1—is jsuspende^, ,ai«I the
Senate does not concur in wasuspension, jach
officer shall forthwith resuiqe the. functions of
his office. -Sr. S.tanton, haying been appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, was suspended, but the Senate refused to
concur in his suspension. According to the
law he was then entitled to resume the func-
tions of his office, but the President does not
permit him to do so and refuses to have official
relations with him, and has appointed and recog-
nized as a member of his Cabinet another
Secretary of War. Is not this a palpable vio-
lation of the very letter of the law ? By what
technical quibble can any Senator avoid the
conviction of the culprit who thus defies a
statute? If it is admitted that the President
can legally " remove " Mr. Stanton, that proves
i too much, because the second section of the
| act in question declares that the President
shall only " suspend" the officer, and in the case
' of suspension, and thai only, and during recess,
may an ad interim appointment be made. An
ad interim appointment upon a removal is
absolutely prohibited. As was well said by the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams :]
" Vacancies in office can only he filled in two ways
under the tenure-of-o-ffiec act. One is by temporary
or ad interim appointment during the recess of the
Senate; the other is by appointment, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, during the
session."
Let us see—the Senate being the sole tribu-
nal to try impeachments and to decide upon
the validity and violation of this law—what
action the Senate has already taken.
On the 12th clay of August, 1867, the Senate
then not being in session, the President sus-
pended Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of the
Department of War, and appointed U. S.
! Grant, General, Secretary of War ad interim.
On the 12th day of December, 1867, the Sen-
ate being then in session, he reported, accord-
ing to the requirements of the act, the causes
of such suspension to the Senate, which duly
took the same into consideration, and by an
overwhelming vote of 35 to 6 refused to concur
in the suspension, which action, according to
the tenure-of-office act, reinstated Mr. Stanton
in office. The President, bent upon the re-
moval of Stanton, in defiancc of the Senate
and of the law, on the 21st day of February,
1868, appointed one Lorenzo Thomas, by letter
of authority or commission, Secretary of War
, ad interim', without the advice and consent of
the Senate, although the same was then in
session, and ordered him (the said Thomas) to
take possession of the Department of War and
the public property appertaining thereto, and
, to discharge the duties thereof, and notified
! the Senate of his action. The Senate consid-
| ered the communication, and, after debate, by
' a vote of 29 to 6, passed the following resolu-
tion :
" llonlved by the Senate '■/ the Vnited States, lhat
under the Constitution and laws of the UnitcdStates
the President has no power to remove tile Secretary
of War and to designate any other officer to perform
; the duties of that office ad interim."
j And now, after such action under our oaths,
| are we to stultify ourselves, and swallow our
own words and resolutions passed in the most
! solemn manner? Can we say that the Presi-
dent did not, violate the law? That he did not
I become liable to conviction for violating the
j J provisions of the tenure-of-office act, after lie
j. has admitted, in his answer upon this trial,
• ; that he tried to rid himself of Stanton by com-
plying with the act; and after he hasacknowl-
! edged that he was acting under the law of
j March 2, 1S67, as shown by his letter to the
Secretary of the Treasury, dated August 14,
j 1867, as follows: ^
"Sik: In compliance with tile act entitled'An act
to regulate the tenure of certain civil offices,' you aro
1 hereby notified that on (lie ilith instant. lion. Edwin
i' *>l. Stanton Sncretaiy of Wat-. w« suspended from
