1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i£g
which Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, was en-
titled to the floor.
rrKClIASE OF RUSSIAN AMERICA, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman, at an early day after the assembling
of this House at the November session I sub-
mitted the following resolution:
" RemireH. That in the present financial condition
of the country any more purchases of territory are
inexpedient, and this House will leal itself under
no obligation to vote money to pay for any such pur-
cha«<Minlo?5 there shsll be more urgent and pressing
necessity than now exist*."
The resolution, though objected to by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
was passed by a very decisive vote. On being
interrogated by him as to what I meant by the
resolution, I stated that I intended it as a notice
to whom it might concern that this House
would sanction no treaty for the acquisition of
territory that did not commend itself to its
judgment. I stated at the same time that I
did not intend the resolution to apply to the
purchase of Walrussia, for though my own
mind was made up on that subject I presumed
that there were gentlemen who would feel that
they were not sufficiently advised of the merits
of the resolution if it had that application. I
now desire to occupy the attention of the com-
mittee upon a proposition that must soon come
before the House for its action. I mean an
appropriation to pay for Russian America. Im-
mediately after the adjournment of Congress
at the March session the President convened
the Senate in executive session and submitted
a treaty for the purchase of that country. With
such secrecy had the treaty been negotiated
that the whole country was taken by surprise
when the announcement was made public. No
man in the United States had asked for the
negotiation of this treaty or that that country
should be acquired. There was no public
sentiment in favor of it, and not a single news-
paper in the whole length and breadth of the
land had ever advocated it. Yet, sir, in the
absence of all this and upon his own motion
the Secretary of State enters into a contract to
pay the Government of Russia the sum of
$7,200,000 in gold for a tract of country—in
regard to which he knew little or nothing—that
we did not need, that nobody wanted, and as
far as known was utterly worthless.
When the treaty came up for ratification in
the other end of the Capitol the strongest argu-
ment made in its favor was that as the treaty
had been negotiated, not to ratify it would
subject us to the imputation of bad faith and
trifling with the czar of Russia and justly give
him oifense. This will be the argument that
will carry the appropriation through this House
if any shall do so. But, Mr. Chairman, that
argument shall not influence me, and I hope
that it will not influence anybody in this House,
but that the Secretary of State may be given
to understand that the Representatives of the
people have other duties to perform than the
sanctioning such extravagance and folly as this.
Emboldened by his success in this Russian
purchase, report has it that, having exhausted
the regions of perpetual snow and ice, he has
turned his attention to the tropics, and has
negotiated another treaty proposing to pay a
still larger sum, also in gold, to purchase if
possible a' more worthless possession than
Russian America. Bat of that I do not wish
to speak now to any extent. If it should ever
come to the point when we are asked to make
au appropriation to pay for it I will attempt
to demonstrate the utter worthlessness of an
acquisition made to meet the pretended wants
of our Navy in a region where tornadoes and
earthquakes are the constant fear of the in-
habitants, and where the yellow fever prevails
all the year round. As this last purcnase, if
reports are to be relied upon, is fast assuming
proportions likely to be as embarrassing as
this treaty with Russia now is, I beg to read a
brief description of the island of St. Thomas.
I read from a book entitled "The West Indies
and the Spanish Main," by Anthony Trollope,
published in 1860.
On page 232, in speaking of St. Thomas, he
says:
" Things ought not, if possible, be all had with any
man. and I cannot imagine what good oan accrue to
a man at St. Thomas if it bo not the good of amass-
ing mouey. It is one of the hottest and one of tho
most unhealthy spots among nil theso hot and un-
healthy regions. I do not knowwhetherlshouldnot j
be justified in saying that of nil such spots it is the f j
mosthotandthemostunheaithy." * *..*,*
"They cannot understand athomewhy wedisliketho
inter-colonial work so much,' said the captain of one
of the steamships to me. By inter-colonial work he ,
meant the different branch services from St. Thomas.
They do not comprehend at home what it is for a ]
man to be burying one young man after anether; to
have them sent out and see them mown down in that '
accursed hole of a harbor by yellow fever. Such a '
work is not a very pleasant one.
" Indeed this is true. The life cannot bo a very i
pleasant one. These captains themselves and their
senior officers are doubtless acclimated. The yellow
fever may reach them, but their chance of escape is
tolerably good: but the young lads who join the ser-
vice, and who do so at an early age, have at the first
commencement of their career to make St. Thomas
their residence, as far as they have any residence.
They livo, of course, on board their ships; but the
peculiarity of St. Thomas is this: that the harbor is
ten times more fatal than the town. It is that hole
up by the coaling wharves which sends so many
i English lads to the grave."
Speaking of the town he says:
"As seen from the harbor the town looks like a
panorama exquisitely painted. The air is thin and
transparent, and every line shows itself clearly. As
so seen tho town of St. Thomas is certainly attract-
ive. But it is like the Dead sea fruit: all the charm
is gone when it is tasted. Land there and the beauty
vanishes."
But, sir, my object, as I have before said,
is not to speak now of this "accursed hole of
a harbor,-' nor of the negotiation which is
said to be pending with one of the rajahs of
Borneo for the purchase of a part of that isl-
and, but against the appropriation asked for
to pay for Walrussia.
I ask the attention of the committee while
I state some of the reasons why this treaty
should not receive the sanction of the House.
If I shall succeed in showing that the coun-
try is utterly worthless and God-forsaken, or
not being entirely without value, that we could
have had all the benefits of it without the
expense of purchasing it and the never-ending
expense of holding and governing it, I think I
may safely claim the judgment of the House
against making any appropriation to pay for it.
I have before me what purports'to be a copy
of article four of the late treaty with Denmark. It
is a curiosity in its way, and I beg leave to have it
read. It will be readily seen on reading of the
last paragraph that the honorable Secretary
does not intend that this House shall have any-
thing to say upon so trifling a subject as acquir-
ing territory, for if he has stipulated for the
possession of these islands, as soon as the
treaty is ratified by the Senate, without waiting
for the payment of the money, and thus placing
us in the same embarrassing position with Den-
mark that we are now with Russia, it is by
no means certain that the Senate will not ratify
the treaty. I think they will; for if they could
swallow Walrussia so easy these little Virgin
isles cannot go hard with them.
Mr. BANKS. I submit, Mr. Chairman,
that as the gentleman presents this as the fourth
article of a treaty of which we hare no official
knowledge he ought to explain to ns in what
manner it comes into his possession.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is an
article purporting to be the fourth article of the
treaty with Denmark. How it came into my
hands is unimportant. I assure the gentleman
that I came by it honorably. I wish to call
the attention of the committee to the peculiar
phraseology of this article, particularly the last
clause, which shows, I think, the intention of
the Secretary of State, if he can get the rati-
fication of the Senate, to ignore this House
altogether.
The foftrth article of the treaty is as follows:
"Immediately after the payment by the United
States of the ram of money stipulated for in the.fifth
article of this convention, his majesty the king of
Denmark will appoint an agent or agents for the
purpose of formally delivering to a similar agent or
agents appointed on behalf of the United States the
territory, islands, property, and appurtenances which
are ceded as above, including any fortifications or
military posts which may be in thx  ceded territory,-
and for doing any other act which may be ncccssary
in regard thereto. But tho cession with the risht of
immediate possession is nevertheless to be deemed
complete and absolute on the exchange of ratifica-
tions* without waiting for such formal delivery. Any
Danish troops which may be in tho territory or island*
aforesaid shall bo withdrawn as soon as may be rea-
sonably and conveniently practicable."
To a proper understanding of the character of
thecountry ceded by the treaty with Russia 1 beg
your indulgence while 1 advert briefly to the
early discovery of it, and recount some of the im-
pressions it made upon the minds of the early
navigators, for to them we must go for the most
reliable information in regard to this country;
for strange as it may seem, though nearly one
hundred and thirty years have elapsed since it
I was discovered, it was said by the strongest
; advocate of the treaty that at the time of this
negotiation—
i " No country upon the globe, unless, perhaps,
Greenland and the interior of Africa, was as little
known as Russian America."
I It is now over one hundred and twenty-seven
years since Vitus Behring, a Dane in the ser-
vice of Russia, discovered the coast of Russian
America. Leaving Kamtchatka in June, 1740,
the expedition, consisting of two well appointed
ships, set sail on their voyage of discovery. The
St. Paul, under the command of Captain Beh-
ring, and the St. Peter, under Captain Tschiri-
kow.
For some time it is said that the two vessels
kept together, but a violent storm and fog
coming on they were separated and saw each
other no more. The expedition was supplied
with several men of science, naturalists and
botanists, who were to report on the natural
history and botany of the countries discovered.
Captain Behring appears to haya discovered
the continent July 18,1741, in latitude 68° 28/.
The country was described as " having terrible
high mountains and covered with show."
Evidently that part of the country first discov-
ered did not tempt him long, for, remaining
two days only, he sailed southward, passing
among the Aleutian islands and making several,
landings, the other ship sighting the coast
July 15, 1741, at about where Sitka or New
Archangel is situated. ■ Captain Tschirikow
sending his mate and long boat ashore with tea
men, with a small cannon and Small-arms, for the
purpose of inquiring into the country and pro-
curing water, the same disappeared in a wooded
bayand returned no more. Not understanding
the cause of their detention he dispatched his
small boat in command of tlie boatswain, with
a complement of men well armed, in pursuit.
That boat disappeared and was never again
seen, but soon after the natives appearing left
no doubt as to their fate. Such were the in-
habitants that peopled that coast at the time
of its discovery, and whose descendants are so
soon to be made citizens of the United States.
That they have in no way improved since then
I will presently show. Tschirikow, as if dis-
gusted with his discovery, made no further
attempt to land, but sorrowfully sailed for
home. Adverse winds and storms prevailed,
but at last he reached Kamtchatka, October^;
with a crew diminished from seventy to forty*-
nine, and history does not inform us that this
gallant captain saw anything in the country
that could tempt him to its shores' again. Cap-
tain Behring, it is safe to presume, was equally
disgusted, for, in the language of the most;
learned, able, and eloquent gentleman that has
ever spoken on the subject ot Russian America,
while Captain Tschirikow was hurrying home
as fast as the tempestuous seas would allow—
" Behring wafl driven, like Ulysses, on the uncer-
tain waves. A single tempest raged for seventeen,
days, so that Andrew Hosselburg, the anc eat pilot,
who had known the sea, for fifty years, declared that
he had never seen anything likeitinhia life, Scurvy
came with its disheartening horrors. The commo-
dore himself was a sufferer; cables snapped, anchors,
were lost, and at last the tempest-tossed vessel was
cast upon a desert island without a name, where the
commodore, sheltered in a ditch, and half covered
with sand as a protection against the cold, died
December8.1741/'
This all took place in that delightful climate
and on that calm and placid sea of which we:
have heard so much of late, bat of'which w«J
