20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
Senate & Ho. op Eeps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
and careful deliberation to the most prominent
of the controversial pamphlets written onthis
subject; it has made a complete study o( the
original maps and plans of League island and
the adjacent property, among which are in-
cluded the early original manuscript topograph-
ical sheets of the United States coast survey ;
it has investigated the hydrographical features
of the surrounding channels and basins; it has
entered into a thorough personal examination
of League island, of the opposite shore of the
back channel, and of the channels themselves
at different periods of the tide ; it has bestowed
its careful consideration upon the relation of
all the various points and details involved to
the present and future wants and purposes of
the Navy of the United States, and especially
their relation to the supplies of material, labor,
and the source^ of manufacturing power; and
feeling assured that these deliberations, exam-
inations, and studies, added to the knowledge
and experience already possessed by its mem-
bers, qualify it to form an opinion on the sub-
ject of League island in respect to its geological,
tojftigraphical, and hydrographical conditions,
in respect to defense, in respect to practical
business and wants of navy-yards, docks, and
dock-yards for vessels of wood and iron, and in
respect to its adaptation for all naval purposes
whatever, this board does not hesitate to rec-
ommend with entire unanimity that League
island, the adjacent marshes, and back chan-
nel, together with so much of the opposite shore
of the back channel from the League island
shore as is hereinafter described, be accepted
from Philadelphia, and be held for naval pur-
poses by the Government of the United States.''
The board also designated the quantity of
land on the opposite shore from League island
which, in its opinion, was necessary to enable
the Government to have the exclusiveuse of the
hack channel and both shores thereof. A copy
of this report was communicated to the mayor
of Philadelphia, and he was notified that the
Department was ready to accept the title to the
property whenever it was perfected and ofibred
lor that purpose. After consultation the
authorities of Philadelphia decided to ask a
modification of the line recommended on the
shore opposite to League island, as it was then-
intention to lay out an avenue one hundred and
twenty feet wide, running the entire length of
the island. Chief Engineer King was directed
to cooperate with the city engineer and sur
veyor, and a line satisfactory to themselves
was agreed upon. This was submitted to the
board, of which Hear Admiral Davis was
chairman, who recommend the acceptance of
the modification proposed. The board say in
their report that had they been acquainted with
the plan of the city improvements they would
have chosen the same or similar lines, and
that'"the interposition of Delaware avenue,
which is one hundred and twenty feet broad,
between the northern wall bounding the prop-
erty of the United States and the baildings of
the city, furnishes that security against nui-
sances and against accidents by fire which it was
the first object of the board to provide."
It is provided by the act of February last that
League island shall not be accepted until the
title to the whole of the land necessary to
enable the Government to control both shores
of the back channel is complete and indefeasi-
ble. As the land on the shore opposite League
island belongs to various parties, some of whom
are minors, and as some of it is held in trust, it
became necessary, in order to make perfect titles
under the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, as
well as to fix a price, for the city of Philadelphia
to call forthe intervention of a jury. This jury
has not yet reported, but is shortly expected
to do SO, and I am informed by the mayor
of Philadelphia that he has reason to believe
that about the commencement of the ensuing
year everything will be in readiness to complete
the transfer from the city to the rational Gov-
ernment. The city of Philadelphia has been
ready to transfer League island proper on the
terms originally proposed, without any delay,
and since the designation of the adjoining prop-
erty, it has not been negligent in its efforts to
acquire a legal title, in order to comply with
the requirements of Congress.
SITE ON TUB THAMES EIVER FOE NAVAL PURPOSES.
A clause in the act making appropriations
for the naval service, approved March 2, 1867,
authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Navy "to receive and accept a deed of gift,
when offered by the State of Connecticut, of a
tract of land situated on the Thames river,
near New London, Connecticut, with a water
front of not less than one mile, to be held by
the United States for naval purposes." On
the 23th of September his excellency the Gov-
ernor of Connecticut transmitted to the De-
partment a copy of an act passed by the Gen-
eral Assembly of that State appropriating
$15,000 to aid the city of New London in the
puichase of the requisite property, and mak-
ing other necessary provisions for carrying the
act into effect, and inviting me to designate
some one to unite with the commissioners to
bo appointed by him in selecting and locating
such a site as is contemplated in the act. In
compliance with the request of Governor Eng-
lish, Commodore J. P. McKinstry was de-
tailed for that purpose, and in the latter part
of October he proceeded to New London and
examined, with Msssrs. Ingersoll, Blackstone,
and riollister. commissioners on the part of the
State, the proposed site. No transfer of the
property has yet been made to the Govern-
ment, but Commodore McKinstry reports to
the Department that the tract of land which it
is proposed to cede is on the cast shore of the
Thames river, situated partly in the towns of
Ledvard and Groton, with a water front of one
mile, as provided by act of Congress, and a
breadth varying from six hundred to seven
hundred feet. The south line of the tract is
about two miles above New London, and five
miles north of the light-house at the entrance
of the Thames. The channel of the river adja-
cent to the tract of land selected has a depth of
water of not less than four and a half fathoms.
TRANSFER OriltOX-ei.AD STEAMERS.
By an act of March 2, 18o7, the Secretary of
the Navy was authorized and directed to deliver
to George W. Quintard, of New York, for his
own use and behoof, the United States iron-
clad Onondaga, upon payment by said Quin-
tard, his heirs and assigns, to the Treasury of
the United States of the sum of $759,073. In
pursuance of this act the iron-clad steamer
Onondaga was, on the 12th day of July last,
transferred to Mr. Quintard, that, gentleman
having deposited the amount therein specified.
By an act of the same date the Secretary of
the Navy was authorized and directed to re-
lease to William II. Webb, of New York, all
right, title, interest, and demand of the United
States in and to the iron-clad steamship Dun-
derberg, built by said Webb under contract
with the Navy Department, upon payment by
him into the Treasury of the United States of
any and all sums of money paid or advanced
by the Secretary, or by his order, to said Webb
on account of said contract. There had been
paid to Mr. Webb, on his contract for this
vessel, 5?1,041,GCG G7, which amount he de-
posited in the Treasury, and on receipt fiom
the Assistant Treasurer at New York of a cer-
tificate to that effect a release of the vessel
took place and Mr. Webb became her owner.
REBEL RAM STONEWALL.
The rebel ram Stonewall, which was delivered
by the rebels to the Spanish authorities at
Havana, and by them turned over to the United
States, was on the 5th of August transferred to
the Government of Japan at her appraised
value of $-100,000. Since coming into our
possession she had been lying in the waters of
the Potomac, and as she was constructed of
wood, and liable to rapid deterioration if
unused, her retention for our service was not
deemed advisable. The negotiations for her
sale were conducted through the Department
of State, and were made with the approval of
the Government.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
The Naval*Academy continues under the
able superintendence of Vice Admiral Porter,
whose report, together with that of the Board
of Visitors, is appended. These papers show
that the Academy is satisfactorily fulfilling the
work assigned it in educating and molding the
character of the future officers of the Navy.
The standard for general instruction will com-
pare favorably with that of othereducational
institutions, and the special training required
to prepare the students for the naval service is
thorough and satisfactory. Some additional
facilities are needed, both in the academic and
steam department, for which estimates have
been submitted. A further purchase of land
and the erection of additional buildings are
also desirable. The department of natural and
experimental philosophy, especially, needs
enlarged and better accommodations, and the
discipline of the Academy would be much ben-
efited if all the officers could live within the
grounds of the institution instead of being
compelled to occupy very indifferent quarters
outside. Two convenient dwellings have beers
completed during the year at a moderate cost,
and the erection of ten more is recommended.
The superintendent of the Academy, thp
chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery,
and the Board of Visitors call attention to the
insufficient arrangements for the sick. The
hospital will only accommodate twelve, with
tsvo in a room, and the daily average of sick is
very much larger. Humanity requires that a
site remote from disturbing causes should be
purchased and a suitable building erected with-
out delay.
The new chapel is nearly finished, and the
large building designed for quarters for the
midshipmen is under contract, to be completed
in season for occupancy at the commencement
of the next academic year.
'The graduating class the present year num-
bered eighty-seven. The undergraduates were
at sea from two to three months for practice
in the sloops-of-wai- Macedonian, Savannah,
and Dale.
NAVAL APPRENTICES.
The naval apprentice system, to which refer-
ence has been made in former reports, con-
tinues to receive the special care and attention
of the Department, and the results thus far-
have been more satisfactory than could have
been reasonably anticipated at the time the
enlistment of apprentice boys was revived,
about three years since. There are occasion-
ally mistaken ideas on the part of parents and
guardians as to the end to be attained by enlist-
ment, but by far the greater proportion, as well
as the_ apprentices themselves, have a just
appreciation of the benefits to be received.
Iho education of the boys as seamen does not
cease with their transfer from the apprentice
ships to sea-going vessels. Those in service
on board our men-of-war are being educated
and prepared for the higher duties of seaman-
ship, and such as identify themselves with the
wavy by twenty years' service become bene-
ficiaries under the act of .March 2, 1sc.7, !lna
are provided for in age. By its policy the
Government is giving a stimulus to a "h.r:<r-
desired and greatly-needed improvement in the
moral and intellectual character of the seamen
of the country and establishing amrui" them
an abiding attachment for the naval service.
_ 1 he authorized annual number of apm en-
tices for admission to the Naval Academy,
though tins year increased to ten. was selected
without difficulty by competitive examination
from uiose who were eligible under the law,
and several others, who were nominated from
the school-ship by members of Congress, pu.-sod
required examination.
the
