136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
knew so little until the recent discoveries of
the Secretary of State.
The title of Russia dates from these discov-
eries, but so little did Russia think of them
that no official of that Government set foot upon
that inhospitable shore for forty years after-
ward, and on the maps published in St. Peters-
burg in 1776 showing the possessions of the
Russian empire no mention of Russian Amer-
ica is made. This I learn from the learned gen-
tleman that I have heretofore quoted. What
report was made by the scientific men who
accompanied the expedition I have not been
able to ascertain, but had there been any which
could have given us a favorable idea of the
discovery the learning and researches of the
advocate I .have quoted would have brought it
to light. All that I have been able to learn
from the source from which I derive many of
my facts, is that Steller, the faithful naturalist
who accompanied the expedition, discovered a
blue jay, with which discovery he was so much
delighted that he gave it his own name. If
any word of commendation of the countries
discovered by Behring and Tschirikow ever
escaped from either of these officers, or any
person belonging to the expedition, the proof
of it I think does not exist. 1 pass over a
period of from forty to sixty years from the
date of the discovery, during all which time
Russia did not think it worthy of occupancy or
a place on her maps, and I think that it cannot
be said that the country was occupied by any
Russian until the close of the last or the begin-
ning of the present century, when the Russian
American company took possession. The pos-
session of Russia has been hardly more than
nominal from that day to the present.
In 1811 Humboldt, in giving the position of
the Russian factories on the coast, said that
they were "nothing but sheds or cabins em-
ployed as magazines of furs, and that the term
' Russian possession' should not make us think
that the country was really a Russian prov-
ince." No better evidence of the estimation
in which the country is held by the Russians
can be found than in the fact that, according to
the statement of the governor, up to 1839 only
hvo hundred and forty-six Russians inhab-
ited the whole country. Later reports, coming
down to 1851, make a population of Russians
of five hundred and five. The latest report, in
1860, makes the number of Russians '' some
hundred.1' That the country is utterly worth-
less and God-forsaken we may conclude, were
other evidence wanting, from the fact that it
has taken over sixty years to swell the white
population to a few hundred, and of the char-
acter of that Russian population you can read-
ily judge when told, as you are by Russian
authority, that "the greater part of the inferior
officereof the different settlements were Sibe-
rian criminals and malefactors, and adventur-
ers of various kinds," all of which we can
readily believe, for it is hard to see how any
man not an outlaw would ever voluntarily set-
tle in that country.
All the evidence we have in regard to the
country goes to show its inhospitable and
worthless character. Unfortunately the in-
formation we possess is of the most meager
Mid unsatisfactory kind. The senatorial advo-
cate, whom I have before quoted, says of it:
"Perhaps no region of equal extent upon the globe,
unless we except the interior of Africa, or possibly
Greenland, is as little known. Here I do not apeak
for myself alone. A learned German, whom I havo
already quoted, after saying that the explorations
have bees limited to the coast, testifies that 'the
interior, not only of the continent, but even the
Island of Sitka, is to-day unexplored, and is in every
respect terra iiKOsnuta.'" * * * * "An-
other writer of authority speaks of the interior as a
mystery; and yet another says that our ignorance
with regard to this region would make it a proper
weno for a chapter of 'Gulliver's Travels.'
And yet this country which he declares to
be almost wholly unknown he was willing to
vote $7,200,000 in gold of the people's money
to pay for. Long before Russia had reduced
this country into possession, the French, un-
der La Perouse, had visited the coast, and
reported that if his Government had any dis-
position to occupy the country there was bo
one who could object. But they did not see
fit to occupy it, and the inference is that they
did not regard it as worth having. Probably
his description did not allure his Government,
as he declared that "the deep valleys of the
Alps and Pyrenees did not present so frightful
a picture as did that country."
Spain could with safety have disputed with
Russia the honor of being the first discoverer.
Certainly she once contemplated setting up a
claim, but sending ont an expedition to explore
the coast in 1789 her claim was never again
asserted, and I make no doubt that both France
and Spain abandoned their pretensions simply
because they regarded the whole country as ab-
solutely valueless. Certain it is that the whole
civilized world were content to allow Russia
to possess and occupy it. The universal Yan-
kee nation, ever awake to its own interests, and
not overscrupulous in regard to acquiring new
territory, never turned its eyes in the direction
of Russian America. The propriety of its
acquisition had never been mooted or discussed
anywhere in the country. No newspaper had
ever advocated it. No public man had ever
publicly advocated it. Nobody demanded it.
Nobody wanted it. Nobody had any informa-
tion in regard to it. The press and the people
of the Pacific coast, though generally consid-
ered as pretty wide-awake and knowing what
they wanted, had not thought it was a desirable
thing that we should possess it. Yet in the
absence of all these things; in tha absence of
any knowledge of the country purchased the Sec-
retary of State undertakes to wrench from our
tax-ridden people the large sum of $7,200,000
in gold regardless of their wishes and in wan-
ton disregard of the general welfare.
The hint upon which the honorable Secretary
appears to have acted came from the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of Washington in the
shape of a memorial, as follows:
To his Excellency Asdcew Johnson,
President of the United States:
Your memorialists, the Legislative Assembly of
Washington Territory, beg leave to show that abun-
dance of codfish, halibut, and salmon, of excellent
quality, have been found along the shores of the
Russian possessions. Your memorialists reap ectful ly
request your Excellency to obtain such rights and
privileges of the Government of Russia as will ena-
ble our fishing vessels to visit the ports and harbors
of its possessions to the end that fuel, water, and pro-
visions may be easily obtained, that our sick and
disabled fishermen may obtain sanitary assistance,
together with the privilege of curing fish and repair-
ing vessels in need of repairs. Your memorialists
further request that the Treasury Department be
instructed to forward to the collector of oustoms of
this Puget sound district such fishing licenses, ab-
stract journals, and log-books as will cnablq our
hardy fishermen to obtain the bounties now provided
and paid to the fishermen in the Atlantic States.
Your memorialists finally pray your Excellency to
employ such ships as may be spared from the Pacific
naval fleet in exploring and surveying the fishing
banks known to navigators to exist along the Pacific
coast from the Cortes bank to Behring straits, and,
as in duty bound, your memorialists will ever pray.
Passed the House of Representatives January 10.
1866. EDWARD ELDRIDGE,
Speaker Souse of Representatives.
Passed the Council January 13,1866.
HARVEY K. HINES,
President of the Council.
You all know how easy it is to obtain me-
morials from State Legislatures to CongreBs.
Those who have lived in Territories know that
it is still easier there. Well, it would seem th$t
there was somebody in Washington Territory
who knew there was a law giving bouaties to.
fishermen. Doubtless some genius from Nan-
tucket, Cape Cod, or Passamaquoddy, who had
experienced the beneficent influences of the
fishing bounty laws, (laws which paid a bounty
for fish whether you caught them or not,) had
settled in Washington Territory. Knowing how
easy it was to make money by catching fish as
well where they were not as where they were,
he had conceived the idea of having the boun-
ties transferred to the Pacific coast, and pro-
cured the memorial to be passed which I have
read. No man was so insane in the Washing-
ton Legislature as to propose that our Gov-
ernment should buy that country. They knew
that if there was anything there worth having
it was only the right to fish, and that that right
could be had for the asking. Indeed, at that
very moment they exercised the right of fish-
ing on that coast without molestation, and the
real object of the memorial was to obtain the
fishing bounty; but whatever the object was,
it furnished no excuse for the unauthorized
and unwarrantable action of the Secretary of
State.
Who gave him the right to squander millions
of the money of the people at this time of
general financial distress, and to so complicate
us with a foreign Power that it was urged as
an excuse why the treaty should be ratified
that we would offend Russia if we did not? I
utterly repel any such reason, and regard as
not entirely creditable the reason set forth
in the treaty itself for making it, namely, "To
strengthen the friendly relations existing be-
tween the two countries," as though this great
nation in order to preserve friendly relations
with another Power were bound to purchase at
its own price the worthless possessions of that
Power. If necessary to purchase the friend-
ship of Russia in this way we shall next be
tola that to preserve the friendship of England
or France we must buy some of their worthless
possessions, and if the Secretary of State sees
proper to put us in for a few hundred millions
the people who pay the bills must not complain.
I shall be told that this treaty having been
negotiated and ratified by the parties named in
the Constitution, for the negotiation and ratifi-
cation of treaties it would be a breach of the
public faith not to appropriate the money; and
were this a treaty of peace perhaps it would be
an act of bad faith ; but this is no such treaty,
but a treaty for the acquisition of territory,
which the Constitution in no way provides for.
Mr. Jefferson admitted that the purchase of
Louisiana found no warrant in the Constitution,
and he only justified it on the ground of impe-
rious necessity. No such necessity exists here.
I utterly deny that the Representatives of the
people are under any obligations to vote money
to carry out this treaty unless it commends
itself to their judgment. Nor will it be cause
of offense to Russia if we fail to make an appro-
priation and confirm the action of the Presi-
dent and Senate.
The czar has a minister here \yho has lived
in this capital for twenty years. He speaks
our language, and should be by this time some-
what familiar with the workings of our Govern-
ment. He knew perfectly well when he was
overreaching our Secretary in his land trade
that the Secretary was promising what he had
no power to perform without the aid of this
House. He knew that before the trade could
be finally consummated the Senate and House
had both to act favorably on the subject. As a
faithful minister he has no doubt notified his
august master that the trade is not concluded
until it has received the sanction of all parties
concerned, and that the most important power
to be consulted in this country is the people,
and that he must not regard the case as settled
until the final power had pronounced judg-
ment. That it would justly give offense if we
refuse to make, an appropriation I deny ; that
it would be a grievous disappointment to find
that he had not rid himself of this inhospitable
and worthless country and bagged ยง7,200,000
in gold at the same time I admit. But it is
something that he had a right to look for, and
I have no doubt does look for, for I am sure
that he has a better opinion of us than to ex-
pect us to vote money to pay for such a pur-
chase as this. Could you intercept the dis-
patches of the Russian minister to his master
I have no doubt that you would find that the
czar has been fully informed that he must not
regard the trade as consummated until it had
received the. sanction of the popular branch of
the Government and that such sanction was
more than doubtful.
Finding, then, no excuse for voting this
money in the fact that the treaty has been
negotiated and that Russia will be offended if
we do not sanction it, I pass to the only ques-
tion that can govern me, and that is, is it a
desirable acquisition, and is it worth the
money? I answer no. On yesterday, whila
