486
SUPPLEMENT TO
liis-office as Secretary of War, and General Grant
authorized and empowered to act as Secretary ad
interim
To show, also, how trifling is the plea of the
President that the law did not apply to this
case, after lie had acted upon it as above
stated by himself, and after he had reported
the l'easons for suspension within the twenty
days, as required by the act, there is the fur-
ther and still more conclusive proof that the
forms of commissions and official bonds were
altered to conform to the requirements of the
same tenure-of-oflice act, and under his own
sign-manual issued to his appointees commis-
sioned since its passage. If it be admitted,
then, that Mr. Stanton's case did not come
within the provisions of the first section of the
act, yet is the President clearly guilty under
the second section ?
I shall now ask attention to the sixth section
of the act, which is as follows:
"That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment made, had, or exercised contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, and the making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuing of any commission or let-
ter of authority for or in respect to any such appoint-
ment or employment, shall be deemed, and are
hereby declared to be, high misdemeanors; and upon
trial and conviction thereof every person guilty
thereof shail_ be punished by a fine not exceeding
$10,000,01 by imprisoument not exceeding five years,
or both said punishments, in the discretion of the
court."
If (his section stood alone, who can deny that
by his order to Thomas appointing him Secre-
tary of War ad interim, and commanding him
to turn Mr. Stanton out of oflice and take pos-
session of the same, its books, and papers, he
did commit a misdemeanor, especially when,
by the very terms of this section, the issuing
of tuch an order is expressly declared to be a
high misdemeanor, and punishable by fine and
imprisonment ?
The second article charges that the Presi-
dent violated this law by issuing to General
Thomas a letter of authority as Secretary of
War ad interim. How, then, can my colleague
use the following language;
"Considering that the facta charged against tlio
President in the second article are in no respect con-
trary to any provision of the tcnure-of-office act, they
do not constitute a misdemeanor, and are notiorbid-
deu by any statute."
How can he justify such a statement, when
he admits that the letter of authority was issued,
and it is specifically declared m the act to be a
misdemeanor?
Again, it is said thutthc prosecution is bound
to prove criminal intent in the President. Such
is not the law. The act itself proves the intent,
if deliberately done by the party committing
it. Such is the construction and the practice
in all courts. Jf any person voluntarily com-
mits an unlawful act the criminal, intent is
presumed. The principle is as old as our civ-
ilization, recognized in all courts of our own
and other countries, that any unlawful act, vol-
untarily committed by a person of sound mind
and mature age, necessarily implies that the
person doing it intends all the consequences
necessarily resulting therefrom. The burglar
who breaks into your house in the night, with
revolver in hand, may plead for the burglary,
larceny, and even muider itself', the not un-
worthy motive that his only purpose was to
procure subsistence for his starving wife and
little ones. Booth, the vilest of assassins,
declared, while committing the bloodiest crime
in time's ft ightful calendar, that he murdered
a tyrant for the sake of humanity and in the
sacred name of patriotism.
But it is not necessary to insist upon the
technical rule that, the criminal intent is to be
presumed on proof of the act; for if there is
one thing that is directly proved, that stands
out in bold relief, that is plain as the sun at
noonday, itis that the President willfully, wick-
edly. and defiantly violated the law; and that,
after due notice and admonition, he wickedly
and with criminal perverseuess persisted in
violating the Constitution and the laws, and in
bold usurpations of ^ower unsettling the proper
checks, limitations, and balances between the
departments of the Government; with malice
aforethought sirivit.g u, eject trout office a faith-
ful servant of the people, whose only crime was
his loyalty, and substituting in his stead a man
who was to be his willing instrument in thwart-
ing the policy and legislation of the people's
Representatives and in placing the Govern-
ment again in the hands of rebels, who with
corrupt hearts and bloody hands struck at the
nation's life.
Edwin M. Stanton, Mr. Lincoln's faithful
minister and friend, whom the people learned
to trust and lean upon in the dark hours of the
Republic, who wielded that mighty enginery
by which our army of more than a million of
men was raised, clothed, armed, and fed; who
with the genius of a Napoleon comprehended
the vast field of our military operations and
organized war and victory with matchless skill
—a man of unstained honor, spotless integrity,
unquestioned loyalty, having the confidence of
all loyal hearts in the country—this was the
man who incurred the bitter hatred of John-
son because he opposed his usurpations and
his policy and acts in the interest of traitors,
and because, like a faithful sentinel upon the
watchtower of liberty, he gave the people warn-
ing against Johnson's schemes of mad ambi-
tion.
In proof of the respondent's malicious in-
tent to violate the law I refer you to his attempt
to induce General Grant to aid him in open,
avowed violation of the law, as proved in his
letter to Grant dated January 31, 1868. He
therein declared his purpose to eject Stanton,
u whether sustained in the suspension or not,"
and upbraided Grant because, as he alleges,
Grant agreed, but failed, to help him keep
Stanton out by refusing to restore the office to
Stanton, as by the second section of the act
of March 2, 1867, he was required to do. He
says:
"You had found in our first conference 'that the
President was desirous of keeping Mr. Stanton out
of office, whether tiuhtalncd in the 8ii#pentiion or not,'
You knew what reasons had induued the President
to ask from you a promise; you also knew that in
ease your viewy of duty did not accord with his own
convictions it was his purpose to fill your place by
another appointment. Even ignoring the existence
of a positive understanding between us, these con-
clusions wore plainly deduciblc from our various con-
versations. It is certain, however, that even under
these circumstances you did not offer to return the
place to my possession, hut, according to your own
statement-, placed yourself m a position where, cox*Id
1 have anticipated your action, 1 would have been
compelled to ask ot you, as I was compelled to ask
of your predecessor in the War Department, a letter
of resignation, or else to resort to themorodisagr* e-
ablo expedient of suspending you by a successor."
That he intended to violate the law by pre-
venting Mr. Stanton from resuming the func-
tions of his office, as provided by law, should
the Senate non-concur in his suspension, is
clearly proved by his other letter to General
Grant, ol February 10,1808, from which 1 quote
as follows:
"First of all, you here admit that from the very
beginning of whal, you term 'I he whole history' of
vour connection with Mr. Stanton's suspension, you
intended to circumvent the President It was to
cairy out that intent that you accepicd the appoint-
ment. This was in your mind at the time of your
acceptance. It was not, tilen, in obedience to the
order of jour superior, as lias heretoloro been sup-
posed, that you.HMimed the duties of the office. You
knew it was the President's purpose lo prevent Mr.
Stanton fiom resuming the office of Secretary of
War."
It you want intent proved, how can you more
dually do it than to use his own words that it,
was his ••purpose to do the act, and that Grant
knew that was his purpose from the very
beginning, when Stanton was suspended?"
Is it necessary to dwell upon the subject of
intent when m his own answer he confesses to
having violated the law which expressly says
that the officer, for good reasons only, should
be suspended until the next session of the
Semite, and coolly tells us that he -;did not
suspend the said Stanton from office until the
next meeting of the Senate," as the law pro-
vided, '"but by force and authority vested in
him by the Constitution he suspended him in-
definitely, and at the pleasure of the President,
and that the order was made known to the
Senate of the United States on the 12th day
ot December, 18'i7." In other words, he says
to the Senate with most complacent effrontery.
"Your law says I shall only suspend Stanton
to the end of twenty days after the beginning
of your next session. I have suspended him
indefinitely, at the pleasure of the President,
and I defy you to punish or hinder me." With
all this the respondent's counsel ask for proof
of criminal intent.
He tells the law-making power of the sover-
eign people that he sets up his pleasure against
the positive mandates of law. He tells the
Senate, " I do not acknowledge your law,
which you by your votes on your oaths adopted
and declared constitutional. I think it uncon-
stitutional, and so said in my veto message,
and I will not execute the law, but I will exe-
cute my veto ; the reasons of my veto shall be
my guide. 1 understand the constitutionality
of the law better than Congress, and although
my message vetoing the bill was overruled by
two thirds of Congress, and though you have
declared by law that I can only suspend Stan-
ton, I choose, of my own sovereign will, which
is above law, to remove him indefinitely. Fur-
thermore, your law says, that in case his sus-
pension is not concurred in by the Senate, Mr.
Stanton shall forthwith resume the functions
of his office, and you have by resolution, a
copy of which I confess to have received,
refused to concur with me in suspending him.
I shall not, however, suffer him to hold the
office, and I have appointed Lorenzo Thomas
Secretary of War, not with your advice and
consent, but contrary to the same." This is
the offense of the President which, in the judg-
ment of the President's apologists, is so ''tri-
fling" that we ought to pass it by in silence,
or rather excuse by approving it in our verdict.
But what shall we say of the President's
crime when to the violation of law ho adds
falsehood and deception in the excuses he
gives for its violation? His plea that he vio-
lated the law because of its unconstitutional-
ity and his desire to refer it to the Supreme
Court is shown to be a mere subterfuge—an
afterthought—by the fact that in August last,
when he designated Grant to perform the duties
of the War Office, he distinctly avowed that he
was acting under the act of March 2, 1867 ; by
the fact that he had caused the Departments
to so alter the forms of commissions and bonds
as to make them conform to this very statute ;
by the fact that he reported reasons for the
suspension, as required in the act, in an elab-
orate message to the Senate ; and, finally, by
the fact that nowhere in said message does he
intimate that be does not recognize the valid-
ity of the act, but argues distinctly that he
proceeds under the same. He did not tell
Senators in that message that the act was
unconstitutional, and that he had suspended
Stanton indefinitely. And I assert that every
Senator was led to believe that it was the pur-
pose of the President to regard the act valid, and
to abide the judgment of the Senate. It was
not until the ghost of impeachment, the ter-
rors of a broken oath, and removal from the
high trust which he has abused, as a punish-
ment, for violated law, rose up to confront him
that he resorted to the technical subterfuges of
his answer that the law was unconstitutional,
and the specious plea that his purpose in resist-
ing the law was to test its validity before the
Supreme Court.
In the whole history of these transactions he
has written as with a pen ot steel, in dark and
imperishable lines, his criminal intent to vio-
late the law. First, he attempted to seduce
General Grant, to his purpose, but he indig-
nantly refused ; then General G. H. Thomas ;
then General Sherman ; then General Emory;
and, finally, be selected General Lorenzo
Thomas, a man who was willing, as he testi-
fies, ''to obey the President's orders;" and
who, in pursuance of those orders, threat-
ened to "kick Stanton out;" and "if the
doors of the War Office were barred against
him" he would " break them down by force
and who says on his oath that he would have
executed his threats on the following day but
tor his arrest after his return from the masque-
rade ball.
