mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
rights with the people of and with other States;
and that in the important business of trying a
President by impeachment we cannot, with a
Senate mutilated by act of Congress or muti-
lated by its own refusal to admit Senators from
the ten States, proceed in their absence; that
it cannot exscind those Senators, and thus
mutilate the Congress, and form itself into a
court of impeachment; but before such a court
can be formed validly, in conformity to the
Constitution, those Senators must be admitted
to their seats.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, whether
the States that were in rebellion, now that the
rebellion has been successfully suppressed, are
entitled to be represented in the Senate and in
the House, is a question upon which differences
of opinion have prevailed. It has been my'
misfortune to differ with a majority of the Sen-
ate upon that question; but that majority has
decided that they ai'e not, in their present con-
dition, entitled to be represented on this floor,
and I submit, as I think the country is bound
to submit, to that decision. What would be
the consequences of a different doctrine? As
was stated by the honorable member from In-
diana, the authority of the Senate to try the
President upon an impeachment is the same
as, no less and no greater than, its authority to
pass laws. The two Houses, as now consti-
tuted, have since the rebellion ended passed
laws of every description; these have been exe-
cuted by the courts; executed by the Presi-
dent; approved for the most part by the Pres-
ident. 1 cannot, as at present advised, assent
to the proposition that it was all done illegally;
that the President of the United States, in ap-
proving of acts passed in pait by the Senate of
the United States as it is now composed, acted
without authority. I cannot agree that he lias
so acted without authority as to violate the con-
stitution of the Constitution which he is sworn
to defend. I am sure that in executing those
laws he took the view which, as I, up to the
present time, have been advised, is the correct
view: that it is for the Senate of the United
States and for the House of Representatives to
decide for themselves such a question. I can-
notadmit that the judiciary oftheUnited States,
who are notonly authorized but bound to main-
tain the Constitution of the United States in
$11 cases in which the application of the Con-
stitution to any legislation of Congress is fairly
presented, have acted erroneously.
The honorable member from Kentucky tells
ns that in his opinion a quorum of the Senate
must consist of a majority of the Senators that
might be elected by the States ; in other words,
a majority of all the Senators who would be
here if all of the States had elected Senators.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator states
my position a little stronger than I made it.
The position I took, or intended to take, was
that a majority of the Senators that have been
elected are necessary to form a quorum to do
business.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, the honorable mem-
ber has qualified what I supposed to be his
doctrine. 1 think he told us that a quorum could
only consist of the majority of the Senators
who would be here if all the States were repre-
sented. Now, he tells us that what he intended
to say was that a quorum must be a majority
of all the Senators elected. I admit that;
but who is to judge whether the Senators
elected from any one State have been properly
elected ? The fifth section of the first article
of the Constitution provides that "each House
shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members."
Mr. DAVIS. 'Will the honorable Senator
pardon me one moment? I ask the honorable
Senator if there has been any such judgment
here in relation to the right of each Senator
from the former rebel States to his seat? Has
it not been, a judgment against the Stale
instead of against the person claiming the seat.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a different point,
and one that I do not exactly see alters the
question. If the Senate have decided, and had
the authority to decide, that these States were
not entitled to be represented, when any person
presented himself in the Chamber claiming to
be a Senator from one of these States it had
the authority to decide that he was not properly
elected, because hecamefroma body who had
no authority to choose a Senator of the United
States. That being the case, as I read the
section to which I have just referred, it only
means that the quorum is to causist of a major-
ity of those whom the Senate have decided
have been elected; and, after argument, not-
withstanding what was said by Mr. Foster and
our late friend Mr. Foot—and nobody enter-
tains a higher opinion of both of them than I
do—the Senate held by quite a decided major-
ity that a quorum was to consist only of a
majority of all those who were entitled to seats
upon this floor by the judgment of the Senate.
There is nothing, therefore, as I think, in that
proposition which bears upon the question pre-
sented by the honorable member from Ken-
tucky.
Now, Mr. President, unless all that we have
done since April, 18G5, is void, unless every
statute that we have professed to pass is a nul-
lity, unless it be true (to repeat) that the judi-
ciary have misunderstood their duty and have
committed a gross error, and unless it be un-
derstood that the President of the United
States lias, contrary to his duty, approved
statutes after statutes passed by the Senate
and the House of Representatives as the Sen-
ate and the House have been constituted since
the rebellion was terminated, there is nothing
in the objection of the honorable member.
But I do not propose, Mr. President, now,
(although, as the Senate will see, my opinion,
as far as I am at present advised, is a very
clear one, that we are a Senate,) to discuss the
questions which may arise when we have
organized ourselves into a court of impeach-
mcnt and the President of the United States
is put upon his trial. He may, in person or
by counsel, make the objection ; he may plead
to the jurisdiction of the court upon the very
ground stated by the honorable member from
Kentucky ; and I prefer to wait, if such an
objection is to be made, until I hear from the
President or from the counsel of the Presi-
dent the grounds upon which they maintain it.
If, after hearing argument upon that subject,
I shall come to the conclusion that the opinion
which I now entertain is erroneous, 1 shall not
hesitate to say so; but at present, to repeat, I
conclude with saying that if wo are a Senate
authorized to legislate we area Senate author-
ized to try impeachments. The language of
the third section of the first article of the Con-
stitution upon that subject is, that " theSenate
shall have the solo power to try all impeach-
ments;" and when the objection shall be made,
if it shall be made by the President or by his
legal advisers, it will be for the Senate to de-
cide whether itis a Senate or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 2, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis and MeOreery—2.
NAYS—'Messrs. Anthony, Cameion, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Connoss, Corbctt. Dixon,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessendon, Fowler, Freling-
huysen, Hendricks, Howard, Ilowe, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
ton, Nye, Pattcrsonoi'Tcnnessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Ro«s, Sherman, Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade,Wiilcy, Williams, andYates—39.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cragin,
Doolitlle, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, -Patterson of
New Hampshire, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, and
Wilson—12.
So the motion to recommit with instructions
was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the committee
in this repoit has gone beyond the purpose of
the Senate in its organization. I understood
the purpose to be to present such a rule of
proceeding as would organize the Senate in.o
a court; but I do not understand that the
Seriate, as such, has the right to prescribe the
mode of proceeding during the trial. That
may be very important to the final decision.
Senators familiar with the practice of the law
know that very often the result of the contro-
versy depends upon the rulings and mode of
proceeding during the trial.
Now, sir, how the court, when the Senate
shall sit as a court, shall conduct its business,
in my judgment is a question for the court
itself, and not for the Senate as such. This
does not purport to be a law, but a system of
rules prescribed by the Senate to the court.
The court is denominated in tiie report as
"the high court of impeachment." I think
under the Constitution of the United States
the Senate cannot go so far as the committee
proposes; and to test that question I move
to strike out the twenty-first paragraph of the
report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Secretary will read
the paragraph proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. The motion of the Senator
from Maryland was that we take up the report
article by article, and consider each rule sep-
arately. I suggest that this motion of the
Senator from Indiana will be in order when
we reach the article to which he alludes,
proceeding in the manner pointed out by the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
from Indiana desires to make his motion now
I will withdraw mine.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that an order had been made that
the report should be considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought that motion
was now pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that that order was made by unani-
mous consent, and the report is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole and open
to amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. All the sections are
before the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Indiana
will excuse me for suggesting that I supposed
it was the purpose of the Senate to proceed
with the consideration of the report article by
article, commencing with the first. That was
the motion, at all events, offered by the Sena-
tor from Maryland, and I thought it carried.
Mr. FERRY. That was the order as the
Clerk has entered it, to consider the report ar-
ticle by article as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
that mode of proceeding, but I did desire to
get an expression of the judgment of the Sen-
ate upon this one point, that it is not competent
forthe Senate, as such, by rule to control the
action of the court upon any question whatever
that may become material in the trial and that
may possibly influence the result. My opinion
is, that under the Constitution the court must
decide all questions which shall bear at all
upon the final result, and that the Senate, as
such, being presided over by the Vice Presi-
dent or its President pro tempore, cannot do a
single act which by any possibility may affect
the result of the trial.
Mr. HOWARD. If we proceed in order
the honorable Senator from Indiana will have
full opportunity to present his views upon that
question when we reach that portion of the
report to which his observations relate. Why
not begin at the beginning regularly and go
through ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to
the chairman of the committee whether it is
not better at once to decide whether the Senate
is going to prescribe a system of rules which
shall control the court, or whether the Senate
will only go so far as to provide the proceed-
ing by which the Senate shall be transformed
into the court, because much of our work will
be saved if the Senate should now decide that
we have nothing to do with the mode of pro-
ceeding in the court. _ I am not particular how
it shall come up, but it seems to me it will save
time to decide that question now.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maryland is clearly
the proper one, and the Senate seem to have
