1868."
THE CONGRESSIONAL ;GLOBB!
He also presented a memorial of officers of
the New York Produce Exchange, praying an
additional appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor of Buffalo ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of Buffalo, New York, praying that
the city of Milwaukee be reimbursed for money
expended by that city in constructing a straight
cut from Lake Michigan to the Milwaukee
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DRAKE presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of St. Louis, Missouri, pray-
ing Congress to order a survey of Bayou Man-
chac and its connections between the Missis-
sippi river and the Gulf of Mexico, and to
clear out the obstructions in the sound ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
iron manufacturers and engineers, of Balti-
more, praying that the rank assigned the en-
gineers and other staff officers by the Navy
Department be confirmed bylaw of Congress,
and in favor of a continuation of the system
of education of our naval engineers at the
United States Naval Academy; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of John H.
Russell, praying that a patent may be issued
to him for certain land in Arkansas; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of Dorenee
Atwater, praying compensation for pay with-
held from him, and for loss of time and health
in prisons, and for preparing a list of dead sol-
diers at Andersonville ; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of manufactu-
rers of goods, in whole or in part, of ivory,
praying a repeal of the duty on ivory ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Baptiste Peoria, chief of the Peoria tribe of
Indians, praying compensation for a horse
taken from him by United States forces; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of Lucien Birds-
eye, praying compensation for the use and occu-
pation of his property known as Point Lookout;
which was referred to the Committee oil Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1099) for the relief of Wait
Talcott;
A bill (II. R. No. 433) for the relief of Pale-
mon John ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1003) for the relief of
Henry Barricklow.
DISTRICT OB COLUMIilA BUSINESS.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following reso-
lution :
liebolvcd. That, until otherwise ordered, Friday of
each week be set apart for the consideration of bills
on the Calendar relating to the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that had better
lie over. There have been one or two days
set apart for the business of the District of
Columbia, and there are a great many other
matters that ought to be attended to. I do not
think it would be wise to adopt the resolution
at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
BRIDGES ON OHIO AND MISSISSIPPI RIVERS.
Mr. HARLAN. If there is no further morn
ing business, I move that the unfinished busi-
ness of the last dav's session be taken up.
Mr. J OHNSON and Mr. MORTON. What
is the motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rao-
4Qih Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 160.
tion is to proceed to the consideration of the
unfinished business, which will come up at one
o'clock.
Mr. MORTON. If it is in order, I will move
to take up for reference the resolution I offered
the other day in reference to bridging the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Iowa withdraw his motion ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore^ Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded .to consider the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Morton on Monday
last:
Resolved, That House bill No. 381, to authoriz&the
building of a railroad bridge across the Ohio riveXat
Padueah, Kentucky, be recommitted to thcCoramM
tee on Post Offices and PostRoads. and that tho sail,
committee be requested to consider of, and if in
their judgment thought best, to report a general bill
authorizing.bridges to be constructed over tho Ohio
and Mississippi rivers, upon such terms and condi-
tions as willnot materiallymterfere with navigation.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I should
like the indulgence of the committee and of
the Senate for a short time in making a state-
ment on this subject and laying before theSen-
ate and before the committee certain facts
which I have collected.
The subject is one of great interest and im-
portance to the people of tho Northwest, and
to all, in fact, who are interested in the navi-
gation of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. Ten
bridges have already been authorized by act of
Congress across the upper Mississippi, which,
I undertake to say, if constructed, will substan-
tially destroy the navigation of the upper Missis-
sippi. This bill, which I propose to refer back to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
has passed the House of Representatives, au-
thorizing the construction of abridge across the
Ohio river at Padueah, and another bill is now
in possession of the same committee authorizing
the construction of a bridge on similar terms
across the Ohio at Cincinnati. I will state briefly
the terms of the bill which I propose to refer
back to the committee.
The bill itself does not prescribe the charac-
ter of the bridge, but it refers to the act of
18GG, authorizing the construction of a bridge
across tho upper Mississippi atQuincy, Illinois,
and those provisions are made applicable to
this bridge. That act first authorizes the con-
struction of a draw, to be a pivot draw, and to
be one hundred and sixty feet in the draw ; or,
it authorizes the construction of a high bridge,
the spans to be two hundred and fifty feet in
length, and the central span over the current
to be three hundred feet in length. It gives
(he company in the ease of the Padueah bridge,
as is done in regard to all the bridges on the
upper Mississippi that I have referred to, the
pri ,'ilege of constructing a draw of only one
hundred and sixty feet in width. These draws
will substantially destroy the navigation of
those rivers, because boats and tows, large
steamboats, cannot pass them in safety except
in the day time, and cannot pass them in safety
then with high winds or high waters ; but with
rafts and tow boats they cannot be passed at
all except under the most favorable circum-
stances.
The privilege in this bill of constructing a
draw-bridge ought to be absolutely withdrawn,
for reasons which I will present to the com-
mittee, and the privilege of constructing a high
bridge with a span of only three hundred feet
over the center or current of the river ought
to be denied, and the span should not be less
than five hundred feet. The bridge authorized
at Steubenville, and which has been constructed,
has demonstrated beyond all question the fact,
that a bridge with a span of only three hundred
feet is a great impediment to navigation, and
that a few such bridges constructed over the
Ohio river would virtually destroy its naviga-
tion. One bad bridge becomes the protection
of another, and if these obstructions are mul-
tiplied they will become too great.for any power
of removal, and the substantial navigation of
the river will be gone for ever. It'is, there-
tore, Mr. President., of the utmost importance
that without delay there should be some gen-
era i I a w e n a c t e d in reference to the bridging
of the Ohio and- Mississippi rivers, some gen-
eral law enacted which will protect the inter-
ests of navigation.
We must foster the railroad interest also.
The interests of navigation and of the rail-
roads are not incompatible ; they are not an-
tagonistic, but both may exist together. But
sir, the navigation of the great riverssss of tho
first importance to the people of the United
States, and it is the duty of Congress to pro-
tect the navigation of those streams against the
construction^ improper bridges.
The OjtffT river is one thousand and fifty
milesirf'Teiigth. The extent and value of the
freujCts that pass up and down it are almost
alculable. I have seen one estimate that the
feights on the Ohio river are equal in extent
and value to all the freights carried by all the
railroads in the United States. I will not vouch
for the trulh of this statement; but I have seen
it presented as having been carefully made.
Freight upon the great rivers is cheaper from
four fifths to one half than it can possibly be on
railroads; and it is, therefore, to the interest
of all the feople living near these rivers, or
whose commerce or trade passes upon them,
that the navigation of them shall not be im-
paired by the construction of bridges.
Now, sir, one single item iu regard to the
Ohio river in reference to the coal trade. The
coal which supplies the river towns and the
country bordering on the river from Pittsburg
to New Orleans, a distance of twenty-one hun-
dred miles, passes down the Ohio river from
Pittsburg and from the neighboring towns.
The coal trade of the city of Cincinnati alone,
it is said, requires twenty-three million bushels
annually; but when we estimate the vast lum-
ber^ business, the salt business, and the iron
business that is carried on upon that river, in
connection with all the ordinary produce busi*
ness of that vast valley, we can but faintly com-
prehend the importance of protecting the navi-
gation of the Ohio river.
Mr. President, I want to read, in the hearing
of the Senate, the opinion that has been given
by fifty-eight licensed pilots of the Ohio river.
Opposite the name of each pilot is placed the
length of time he has served as a licensed
pilot, and the average is over twenty years:
Cixcixnati, May 6, 1868.
We, the undersigned, licensed pilots on the Ohio
river, hereby declare that it would be difficult and
dangerous for us to navigate large and heavily laden
steamboats and boats with tows of barges between
the piers of a bridge having a span ot only three
hundred feet between the piers over the channel,
even though tho bridge was built at right angles to
tho current, and the piers in a line with the current.
While this danger and obstruction at a low stage
of the river would be comparatively small, it would
be increased with the rise of water in the river, until
at a stage ot twenty feet and upwards, when the
heavy business, especially in towing,is done.itwould
be very serious. We regard it as clear to the mind of
any sensible river man and navigator that the plac-
ing of live or six piers within the banks ot our nar-
row liver will, by dividing the water at the piers,
create " cross currents'' and " eddies " dangerous to
navigation. The water above the piers will bo higher
than below, and the force of the cuirent materially
increased, varying, of course, with the stage of water.
To be reasonably safe the length of span should be
five hundred feet.
This, I repeat, is the testimony of fifty-eight
licensed pilots of the Ohio river, whose aver-
age experience is over twenty years. It. is
the best testimony that can be offered in
regard to the dangerous character of these
obstructions. In connection with these ob-
structions and the increased dangers of navi-
gation, delay, and so on, is the question of
insurance. The insurance of steamboats, flat-
boats, barges, and the insurance of their car-
goes is now a necessary element in all com-
mercial calculations of profit and loss. I now
present resolutions signed by the agents and
officers of forty-four insurance companies, to
show that by the construction of bridges hav-
ing only a span of three hundred feet over the*
current of the river the rates ot insurance must
be increased, and that this increase of the rates
