1867.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
the discussion of the reference of that part of
the President's message pertaining to this
subject was pending, the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mt-Stevens] took occasion
to intimate that as this treaty had been negoti-
ated and confirmed, this House had noalterna-
tive but must vote the money. This same
doctrine has been enunciated here to-day by the
honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Puuyn. ] The discussion yesterday brought up
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
i.eu,] who controverted that position, and by
his courtesy I called attention to some pre-
cedents on this subject; and as this controversy
is likely to turn upon this.very point of the right
of the House in regard to treaties which require
legislation before they can be carried into exe-
cution, I may be pardoned for referring again
to those precedents.
In 1794 the British treaty, more commonly
known as Jay's treaty, came up for considera-
tion in the House. Edward Livingston offered
a resolution calling upon the President for
information in regard to the treaty. It was
resisted by those gentlemen who took the view '
now taken by the gentlemen from Pennsyl- ]
vania [Mr. Stevens] and New York, [Mr. !
Prutit.] A very lengthy and exhaustive dis- ;
cussion followed, and the resolution passed by :
a vote of 57 to 35. Among those voting for it
were the well-known names of Edward Living-
ston, James Madison. William B. Giles, Na- ;
thaniel Macon, and other distinguished men. j
In the progress of the discnssion Mr. Gallatin
said:
" To what would a contrary doctrine lead ? If the
power of making treaties is to reside in the President
and Senate unlimitedly; in other words, if in the
exercise of this power the President and Senate are
to be restrained by no other branch of the Govern-
ment, the President and Senate may absorb all legis-
lative power. The Executive has then nothing to do
but to substitute a foreign nation for the House of
Representatives and they may legislate to any ex-
tent." * * * * "He should not say that
the treaty is unconstitutional, but he would say that
it was not the supreme law of the land until it
received the sanction of the Legislature."
Mr. Madison said:
" It was important, and appeared to him to be a
decisive view ef the subject, that if the treaty power
alone could perform any one ict for which the author-
ity of Congress is required by the Constitution itmay
perform every act for which the authority of that part
of the Government is required." * * * * "It
was to be presumed that in all such cases the Legis-
lature would exercise its authority with discretion,
allowing due weight to the reasons which led to the
treaty, and to the circumstances of the existence of'
the treaty. Still, however, this House in its legisla-
tive capacity must exercise its reason; it mustdelib-
erate, for deliberation is implied in legislation. If
itmustcarry all treaties into effect, it would no longer
exercise a legislative power. It would be the mere
ipstrument of the will of another department, and
would have no will of its own." * * * *
" He thought the President and Senate would be as
likely to mako a bad treaty as this branch of the Gov-
ernment would be to throw obstructions in the wayof
a good one after it was made."
Mr. W. B. Giles, of Virginia, said:
''That he believed the House had a right, and if
it was a right it must be also their duty, to oppose its
execution by all the constitutional means in their
power, as legislators, if they found it uj>on mature
deliberation contrary to the interests of the people
and the honor of the nation.
"The other check over the treaty-making power,
he noticed, was the power of making appropriations,
the exercise of which is specially vested in Congress.
He begged leave to call the attention of the commit-
tee to this part of the subject. The Constitution says
that no money shrtl be drawn from the Treasury but
in consequence of appropriations made by law. This
is no doubt intended as a check, in addition to those
gossessed by the House. It is meant to enable the
Louse, without the concurrence of the other branches,
to check, by refusing money, any mischief in the
operations carrying on in any Department of the
Government." * * *, * * * *
" If the President can,by the assistance of a foreign
Power, legislate against the rights of the House to
legislate, and hi3 proceedings are to be hinding on
the House, it necessarily destroys their right to the
exercise of discretion."
I might read much more to the same point,
but the opinions of three such distinguished
statesmen as Madison, Gallatin, and Giles are
enough for the present. And here I cannot
but express .my deep regret at the departure
of my distinguished friend from New York,
[Mr. Pruyx, J who is. a bright and a shining,
light in the Democratic party, from the early
teachings of "such genuine Democrats as those
whose opinions I have read.
This was the doctrine held by the House
then, and good doctrine it was, and if it is only
acted up to now there can be no doubt as to
the fate of this treaty.
General Washington, then President, re-
turned a message in answer to the resolution,
in which he*G ok the ground now assumed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
but the House overruled him by a vote of 57
to 35, and passed the resolution which I read
yesterday, but which I will read again :
" Jlesolved, That it being declared by the second
section of the second article of the Constitution that
'the President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided that two thirds of the Senators present
concur,' the House of Representatives do not claim
any agency in making treaties, but that when a
treaty stipulates regulations on any of the subjects
submitted by the Constitution to the power of Con-
gress it must depend for its execution as to such
stipulations on a law or laws to be passed by Con-
gress: and it is the constitutional right and duty of
the House of Representatives in all such cases to
deliberate on the expediency or inexpediency of
carrying such treaty into effect, and to determine
and act thereon as in their judgment may be most
conducive to the public good."
The same question arose in 1803, at the time
the treaty was up in the House for the purchase
of Louisiana., and it was conceded by the
strongest friends of the treaty that the House
had a perfect right to refuse to appropriate
money to execute the treaty if it disapproved of
it, and that was clearly the sense of the House.
Even many of the Federalists, who took oppo-
site grounds in 1794, conceding it, though they
voted money to execute the treaty because it
was commended to their judgment. (See An-
nals of Congress, first session Eighth Con-
gress.)
The discussion on that occasion was very
able, and is very instructing at this time. I
cannot quote what different men said, but will
quote a single paragraph from Mr. Randolph,
a strong friend of the treaty. Said he:
"Does not thd President of the United States
submit tins subject to Congress for their sanction?
Does he not recognize the principle, which I trust
we will never give up, that no treaty is binding until
we pass the laws for executing it; that the powers
conferred on Congress by the Constitution cannot bo
modified or abridged by.any treaty whatever; that
the subjects of which thfey have cognizance cannot be
taken in any way out of their jurisdiction ? In this
procedure-nothing is tp be se«n but a respect on the
part of the Executive for our rights—a recognition
of a discretion on our part to accord or refuse our
sanction." '
The possession of this Russian territory cap
give us neither honor, wealth, o'fr power, but will
always be a source of weakness and expense,
without any adequate return. The annual cost
of holding this country will be about as fol-
lows :
1. Interest on purchase meney in currency, say
$10,000,000 at seven and three tenths
percent        $730,000
2, Annual cost of government, with mili-
tary power to protect it, not lees than.. 3,000,000.
Total yearly expense     ,„\...$3,WO,QOO
Where is the advantage or profit that can
justify this great annual outlay? Is it in its
climate and soil? I have before we a map
made to. illustrate this subject by that chronic
department of the Government, the Coast Sur-
vey. By that it appears that from the line of
British Columbia, in latitude 54° 40', up to
latitude 60°, a distance of over three hun-
dred miles, and embracing all the country
nearly that is not a region of perpetual snow
and ice, the territory acquired is merely the
coast line. Sir George Simpson, president of
the Hudson's Bay Company, who had explored
the coast and was perfectly familiar with the
subject, says that nowhere is this tract over
thirty miles wide. He voyaged along the coast
between the island and the main, making fre-
quent landings, in 1841, and his* descriptions,
I have no doubt, are entirely accurate. I beg
leave to read from his "Overland Journey
Round the World," leaving Fort Simpson
September 1. He says, on page 123:
"We came to anchor for the night at the southern
entrance #f the Canal do Revilla. Both mainland
we
the
and islands became more and more rugged as
advanced, rising abruptly from the veryfehores in
form of lofty mountains, with the ocean at their feet
and the snow on their summits. In perfect keeping
with the coast, the inland region consists of some of
the wildest scenery in nature, of Alpine masses, in
fact thrown together in tumultuous confusion. So
uneven, in short, is the whole country, that within
any reasonable distance of a stream, or a lake, a level
site for a fort can hardly bo found. Moreover, this
land of rocks is as difficult of access, excepting on the
immediate margin of the sea, as it is impracticable in
itself."
Again, on page 126 he «ays:
" Starting ilgain at five o'clock in the morning, with
a foul wind and thick fog, we run through Stephen's
passage, and when the mist cleared sufficiently for
the purpose, the land on either side displayed to us
mountains rising abruptly from the sea, and bearing
a glacier from every ravine. Earlier in the season
these glaciers would have been concealed by tha
snow; but now they showed a surface of green ice."
On page 134 he says:
" During our four days at Sitka, with the exception
of a part of a day, there was one continued fall of
rain." * * * * " In the morning when we
got under way (September 13) the weather was cold
and squally, while a little snow that fell in the night
had partially whitened the green ice that filled the
ravines in the mountains, and the channels were
traversed by many restless masses which had broken
off from the glaciers. In short, nothing could exceed
the dreariness of this inhospitable coast."
This description of Sir George Simpson, aa
well as those of La Perouse, Cook, and the
tempest-tossed Behring, fully justified the lines
of Campbell, in his Pleasures of Hope :
"Lo I to the wint'ry winds the pilot yields.
His bark careering o'er unfathomed fields,
Now far he sweeps, where scarce a summer smiles,
On Behring's rocks, or Greenland's naked isles:
Cold on his midnight watchthe breezes blow,
1'rom wastes that slumber in eternal buow,
And waft across the waves' tumultuous roar,
The wolfs long howl from Oonalaska's shore."
The accuracy of this description is called in
question by the learned authority so often al-
luded to, who declares that Campbell "libeled
this coast," and in proof of it he cites some
author who says "that reindeer, bears, wolves,
and ice foxes are not found on these islands."
If that be so, all that I can say is, so much
the more credit to the wolves, and shows that
they have more sense than some men. I pre-
sume that wolves do not live there, for it is
hardly to be supposed that a respectable and
sensible wolf would inhabit such a country if
he could find any other place to stay in. But I
think "the waves' tumultuous roar " was pretty
well established by Behring, the first discoverer,
and his ancient pilot, while the last voyager
there. General Rousseau, if he did not hear the
wolf howl, did experience a most terrible tem-
pest on bo&rd the United States steamer Ossi-
peej which lasted several days and caused all
on board to despair of ever reaching Sitka.
One more word as to climate and I pass on. I
quote from the same senatorial authority:
" The forests at Sitka are so wet that they will not
burn, although frequent attempts have been made
to set them on fire. The houses, which are of wood,
suffer from the constant moisture. In 1828 there were
twenty days whjen it rained or snowed continuously;
one hundred and twenty when it rained or snowed part
of the day, and only sixty-six days of clear weather.
Some years only forty brightdays have been counted.
Hinds, the naturalist, records only thirty-seven
'really clear and fine days/ A scientific observer
who was there last year counted sixty. A visitor for
fourteen days found only two nautical observations
could be made; but these were as fine as he had ever
known in any country.
" The whole coast from Sitka to the peninsula or
Alaska seems to have the$aaL« continuous climate,
whether as regards temperature or moisture."
Thecorrespondentof the New York Tribune,
writing from Sitka, October 25, says:
"Meanwhile the weather has been unremittingly
dubious. It was well the ceremonies of the transfer
were held immediately on the arrival of the commis-
sioners. Since then there has not been an hour of
pleasant weathlsr. In a word, Sitka is the region of
incessantstorms, dripping forests, dank masses, dense
mud, and drifting mists. There Pluvius reigns with
undisputed sway. It is the paradise of ducks and
sea-gulls, of salmon and shell-fish. Three Arizona
miners, disgusted with the aridity of that gunny re-
gion, and yearning for thesight of a cloud, if no bigger
than a man's hand, decided last June to come to
Sitka. They arrived just in time to enjoy the delight-
ful humidity of August, the rainfall averaging about
an inch daily. The desire of their souls has been
satisfied. This opens the way for me to say a few
things on the subject of meteorology. We have now
been here seventeen days. Of those one was sunny,
two cloudy without rain, seven partially, and seven
