1868.
THE CONGRESBrOJSTAL GLOBE.
3 569
may be sued civilly, and in addition to that may
be prosecuted penally and criminally in the
courts of the United States and be subject to
this punishment. Why, sir, I cannot express
my disgust and detestation of a law or proposed
law that has any such provision in it. I con-
cede freely that an officer or a gentleman of
the Government of the United States in the
discharge of his official duties, and in their
proper discharge, ought to be protected by the
laws; and there are many laws in full force to
embrace and protect all such cases. If the
laws are defective supply their defects, and
make the amount of protection that is given to
every officer, without regard to his grade or
class, sufficient to secure him in the proper
exercise of his legal and constitutional duties.
But to clothe a man, who is called an officer,
any and everywhere -with the protection which
this bill gives him, both as to his person and his
property, is the most extravagant and absurd
and revolting attempt to exercise power that I
have ever known.
If I understood the modification which the
honorable Senator suggested, it was that this
liability to suit and prosecution should apply
only where the act done to the officer or to his
property was while the officer was in the dis-
charge of his duty. Even in that form the
proposition is very objectionable; itdestroys all
proper proportion between the wrong and the
punishment. I will give an example: in the
southern States, if you please, a man goes to
the polls to vote ; there are negro officers of
election; a negro officer who is presiding at
the election sees this man approach ; he knows
that he is an anti-Radical, and he orders him
away, saying to him, " Get away, you damned
rebel; you are not entitled to vote here." The
insulted man may strike him ; he may spit in
his face, or he may simply put himself in an
attitude to strike without striking, and he will
be held to have committed an assault. The
honorable Senator's bill would permit that
man to be prosecuted penally and criminally
in one of the United States courts, and would
allow that court, if it chose, to inflict punish-
ment upon him to the extent of $5,000 of fine
and five years of imprisonment. Does the
honorable Senator maintain that between that
offense and the amount of punishment that may
be inflicted upon the trespasser or the wrong-
doer, if in truth there was any wrong done at
all, there would be any just proportion? No,
sir.
Mr. President, I have been a great admirer
of the legal acumen of the honorable Senator
from Vermont, of the fertility of his invention
in bringing up expedients to punish the rebels,
to manacle the rebels, and this measure of his
is only another device to impose upon them a
grievous and most galling fetter. He antici-
pates that the coming elections may produce
outbursts of passion and conflict, possibly, be-
tween the people of the southern States and
the negro officers who are to conduct those
elections.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. She morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of Saturday is before the Senate, being
the bill (S. No. 11) to admit the State o!' Colo-
rado into the Union.
order op business.
Mr. WILSON. The bill to establish rules
and articles for the government of the armies
of the United States was under consideration,
and was laid over informally for the Colorado
bill. I desire now to call up that bill; I gave
way all day on Saturday.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state to the Senator
from Massachusetts that I understand an agree-
ment has been made for a modification of the
amendment of the Senator from New York
[Mr. Coxkling] to the Colorado bill, which I
suppose will be satisfactory all around the
Chamber ; and if it shall prove to be so, a vote
can be had in a very few minutes on that bill.
I shall be glad, therefore, if the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senate would consent
that we should go on with that bill.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 224.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to give that
bill fifteen minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I have not been any
party to the alleged agreement, I do not want
to consider myself bound by it until, at least, I
know what it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that all
prior orders be postponed, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
818, which is the bill making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1867.
The PRESIDENT 'pro tempore. It is moved
that the unfinished business of Saturday and
all prior orders be postponed for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the bill
mentioned by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope that will not be
done. I hope the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations will give us at least fifteen
or thirty minutes for the consideration of the
Colorado bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would not
object to giving fifteen minutes, but I wish to
say to the Senate that the appropriation bills,
from causes which need not be stated here, are
behind; and I am conscious that if they are
not pressed and considered in preference to
other matters, when the Senate want to adjourn
it will be kept here beyond its inclination by
the delay of those bills. Here is the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill, which will occupy
some days. The Indian appropriation bill is
behind it, and several small bills, and then
there is the deficiency bill, which is preparing,
and which is to come from the House of Rep-
resentatives. If these appropriation bills are
not put out of the way before the Senator from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, comes here with his funding and tax
bills, 1 can see that the Senate is to be very
much embarrassed and delayed in its action
on these bills. I therefore feel it my duty to
apprise the Senate of this condition of things,
and to move to take up this bill at the present
moment. Of course, if the Senate were ready
to vote on the Colorado bill, that would pre-
sent another question ; but I see the Senator
from Vermont rises——
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had the floor upon it
on Saturday, and have got some reasons why
I do not want to vote for the bill, and I expect
to give them, if I ever have a chance to do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So that I am
sure we are not going to vote on the Colorado
bill now. We are not going to vote ou it to-
day in all probability. It is a bill that is to be
contested ; and I submit to the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Yates] whether, under the cir-
cumstances, he will not take an opportunity
when he will not be obliged to antagonize it
with these appropriation bills, which it is obvi-
ous enough must demand the attention of the
Senate.
Mr. YATES. I desire to submit to the Sen-
ator another view of the case. This bill has
been pending all the session. The Committee
on Territories have not occupied much of the
time ; neither has there been a great deal of
business before that committee. This bill has
to pass the House of Representatives as well
as the Senate, and the appropriation bill must
pass anyhow. \Ve are nearly through the debate
upon it; the Senate is now ready to vote upon
it; and I think, as it is the order of the day,
that the Senate ought not to postpone it for
the consideration of any other bill. I think
these are good reasons why it should not be
postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is ou postponing the order of the day for
the purpose of considering the appropriation
bill.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 18.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. YATES called for
the yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the yeas and nays
are to be called on this question I trust the
Senate will indulge me in saying a word. I
have not taken any part in the discussion upon
the Colorado bill, and shall not attempt to
enter into any discussion ; but I speak merely
in reference to the business of the Senate.
That bill has been repeatedly before the Sen-
ate, and has met with unexpected opposition.
It has assumed the shape now rather of an
enabling act, and it does seem to me that if
we are ever to dispose of that subject at all
now is the time to do it. It has been debated
at very considerable length. Why not dispose
of it in some way, and have a definite vote
upon it? I am sure we shall advance the
business _ of the session better in that way,
because if it is postponed now it will come up
again. Suppose the Senator from Maine takes
up his appropriation bill. After that is dis-
posed of there will be another struggle. After
the time that has been spent on this bill I am
sure it will be economy of time to take it up
and finish it. Let us dispose of it definitively.
I hope we shall adhere to the order of the day.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senator is
quite mistaken in supposing that the Colorado
bill can be voted upon presently. I have been
shown this morning already, in different forms,
amendments proposing to commit the ratifica-
tion or rejection of the constitution to a special
election held for that purpose, to take it away
from the general election at which a fall vote
is to be cast. I feel very sure that such an
amendment will be resisted, and that pro-
visions in the Colorado bill will be insisted
upon which will lead to considerable debate.
Now, one word as to the appropriation bill.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] sug-
gested that the Colorado bill must go to the
House of Representatives. So, I beg to re-
mind him, must the appropriation bill go to
the House, because a large number of amend-
ments are reported, which amendments will
be the subject of controversy, and will go ulti-
mately to a conference committee, which the
Colorado bill is not likely to do.
Again, the Senator says the appropriation
bill must pass at all events. Yes, Mr. Presi-
dent ; ana that, I submit, is precisely the reason
why it ought to be taken up now. The appro-
priation bill must pass at all events, and those
who have served in Congress as long as most
of the gentlemen around me have know how
appropriation bills pass at the last when all
legislation is finished except the appropriation
bills. They understand the haste and the casual
way in which appropriation bills are passed
under those circumstances. I hope that we
shall take up the appropriation bill now. I wish
we could have taken it up before, as we should
have been able to do but for casualties which
could not be controlled. We have reached now
the latest time in the session, looking to what
we know is the condition of business, when it
can be taken up and deliberately considered,
and it seems to me that it is a great mistake to
put it aside for other business.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not suppose there is
any time worse spent than the time spent in the
discussion of the precedence of business here;
but I rise, nevertheless, to occupy a minute,
and to say that I hope this motion will not
obtain. I hope, as said by the Senator from
Illinois, that we shall finish something; because
otherwise we shall go all over these discussions
again. We were all prepared to vote on Satur-
day as to whether the constitution of Colorado
should be submitted to the people of Colorado
or not, and all the speeches that might be made
in a month could not throw any light on that
proposition as to how each Senator had determ-
ined to vote; but we did not vote. Of course
we have got to submit to discussion; but I
hope we shall finish something; and I object
now, and hope the appropriation bill will not
be taken up. Whytakeitup? Is this session
to close immediately? I think we had better
put that idea out of our heads. We must stay
here until the public business is done, and well
done. There is no demand except the demand
of our own convenience to call us hence. I
hope, -sir, that we shall not procrastinate the
consideration of this bill further by putting it
aside.
