THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48?
And now, as Senators, we are, exhorted to
find him guiltless in violating a law which we
have often declared constitutional and valid,
upon the subterfuge, the afterthought of the
criminal, the excuse of a law-breaker caught in
the act, the plea born of fear and the terrors
of impeachment, and shown bythe record made
by his own hands to be utterly false. For one
I cannot be so false to conviction, so regard-
less of fact, so indifferent to consistency, so
blind to evidence, so lenient to crime, so reck-
less of my oath and of my country's peace.
Ours is a land of law. The principle of sub-
mission to the authority of law is canonized in
the hearts of the American people as a sacred
thing. There are none too high to be above
its penalties, none too low to be beyond its pro-
tection. It is a shield to the weak, a restraint
to the strong, and is the foundation of civil
order and peace. When the day; comes that
the laws may be violated with impunity by
either high or low all is lost. A pall of dark-
ness will shut us in with anarchy, violence,
and blood as our portion, and I fear the sun of
peace and liberty will never more illumine our
nation's path. The nation looks for a most care-
ful observance of the law by the highest officer
known to the law, because he has an "oath
registered in Heaven" that he "will take care
that the laws shall be faithfully executed.'' If
the President of the United States, who should
be the high exemplar to all the people, shall vio-
late his oath with impunity, at his mere pleas-
ure dispense with or disregard or violate the
law, why may not all do the same? Why not
at once sweep away the Constitution and laws,
and level to the earth our temples of liberty
and justice; resolve society into its original
elements, where brute force, not right, shall
rule, and chaos, anarchy, and lawless violence
dominate the land?
The Constitution and the laws passed in pur-
suance thereof are 1' the supreme law of the
land." The President admits in his answer
and in his defense that he acted in violation
of the provisions of a statute, and his strange
and startling defense is that he may suspend
the operation of a law ; that is to say, in plain
terms, violate it at his pleasure, if, in his opin-
ion, the law is unconstitutional; " that being
unconstitutional it is void, and that penalties
do not attach to its violation."
Mr. President, I utterly deny that the Pres-
ident has any such right. His duties are min-
isterial, and in no sense judicial. It is not his
prerogative to exercise judicial powers. He
must execute the laws, even though the Legis-
lature may pass acts which in his opinion are
unconstitutional. His duty is to study the law,
not with the purpose to set it aside, but that
ho may obey its injunctions strictly. Can a
sheriff, sworn to execute the laws, refuse to
hang a convicted murderer because, in his
judgment, the law under which the criminal
bas been tried is unconstitutional ? He has no
remedy but to execute the law in manner and
form as prescribed, or resign to a successor
who will do so.
I quote from the Constitution to show how
laws become such, and that when certain pre-
scribed forms are complied with the require-
ments of a law must be observed by all as long
as it remains on the statute-book unrepealed
by the Congress which made it, or is declared
of no validity by the Supreme Court, it of
course having jurisdiction upon a case stated :
" Every bill which shall have passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate shall, before it be-
comes a law, be presented to the President of the
United States; if he approve, he shall sign it, but if :
not, lie shall return it with his objections to that
House in which it shall have originated, who shall
enter the objections at lartreon their Journal and pro-
ceed to reconsider it. If, after such reconsideration,
two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the bill,
it shall be sent, togethei with the objections, to the
other House, by which it shall likewise be reconsid-
ered, and if approved by two thirds of that House it
shall become a law." ' " * " * *
" If any bill shall not be returned by the President
within ten days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have
been presented to him, the same shall be a law in
like manner as if he had signed it, unless the Con-
gress. by their adjournment prevent its return, in
which case it shall not be a law."
Every bill which has passed the House of
Representatives'and the Senate, and been ap-
proved by the President, "shall become a law.'1
If not approved by him, and it is again passed
by two thirds of each House, " it shall become
a law;" and if he retains it more than ten
days, whether he approve or disapprove, it
shall still " become a law." No matter how
pertinent may be his objections in his veto
message ; no matter with how much learning
or law he may clothe his argument; no matter
how vividly he may portray the evil which may
result from its execution, or how flagrantly it
may, in his view, conflict with the Constitution,
yet if it is passed over his veto by two thirds
ot the Senate and House of Representatives
his power ceases and his duties are at an end,
aud it becomes a law, and he is bound by his
oath to execute it and leave the responsibility
where it belongs, with the law-makers, who
must answer to the people. If he then refuses
to execute it, what is this but simple resist-
ance, sedition, usurpation, and, if persisted
in, revolution? Is it in his discretion to say
it is not a law when the Constitution says, in
the plain English vernacular, it is a law? Yes,
Mr. President, it is a law to him and io all
the people, to be obeyed and enforced through-
out all the land.
It is a plain provision of the Constitution
"that all legislative power granted by this
Constitution shall be vested in a Congress,
which shall consist of a Senate and House of
Representatives." The President is no part
of this legislative power, l^is veto message is
merely suggestive, audif his reasons are deemed
insufficient he is overruled, and the bill becomes
a law "in like manner" as if he had approved
it. The doctrine contended for by the Presi-
dent is monstrous, and if admitted is the end
of all free government. It presents the ques-
tion whether the people of the United States
are to make their own laws through their Rep-
resentatives in Congress, or whether all the
powers of the Government, executive, legis-
lative, and judicial, are to be lodged in a sin-
gle hand? He has the executive power, and
is Commander-in-Chief of the Army and the
Navy. Now, if it is his province to judicially
interpret and decide for himself what laws are
constitutional and of bin ding validity upon him,
then he has the judicial power, and there is no
use for a Supreme Court; and, if having
decided a law, in his opinion, to be unconsti-
tutional, he may of his own will and sovereign
pleasure set aside, dispense with, repeal, and
violate a law which has passed over his veto,
then he has the legislative power, and Con-
gress is a myth, worse than "an excrescence
hanging on the verge of the Government."
Thus the purse and the sword, and all the
powers which we heretofore considered so
nicely balanced between the various Depart-
ments of the Government, are transferred to
a single person, and the Government is as
assentially a monarchy or a despotism as it
would be if the Constitution and Congress
were obliterated and the whole power lodged
in the hands of the President. When such
questions as these are involved shall we wonder
that the pulse of the popular heart of this
nation beats and heaves with terrible anxiety
as we near the final judgment on this great
trial, in which the life of the nation hangs
trembling in the scale, as much so as when it
was struggling for existence in the perilous
hours of the war through which it has recently
passed. Am 1, as a Senator and one of this
high court of impeachment, called upon to
register, not that the Constitution and the laws
shall be the supreme law, but that the will of
one man shall be the law of the land?
Let us look at another point in the defense.
The President says he violated the law in re-
moving Stanton for the purpose of making a
ease before the Supreme Court, and thus pro-
curing a decision upon the constitutionality of
the law. That is, he broke the law in order to
bring the judiciary to his aid in resisting the
will of the people. 1 would here commend to
his careful attention the opinion of Attorney
General Black, his whilom constitutional ad-
viser. He says, in 1860:
"But liis [the President's) power is to be used only
in the manner prescribed by the legislative deport-
ment. He cannot accomplish a legal purpose by
illegal means, or break: the laws himself to prevent
them from being violated by others."—9 Opinions
Attorneys General, 516.
It is to be regretted that considerations of
great gravity prevented the President from
appearing here by counsel thus' committed to
a view of the extent of executive authority at
once so just and so acceptable to the candid
patriot.
Inasmuch as it has already been shown that
good intentions do not justify the violation of
known law, I am unable to see the propriety
of stopping the wheels of Government and
holding in abeyance the rights of many indi-
viduals, and paralyzing the usefulness of our
Army, until the President sees fit to proceed
through all the formalities and tedious delays
of the Supreme Court, or any other court. If
the President can do this, why may not any
and all parties refuse compliance with the re-
quirements of inconvenient laws upon the
same plea? To oppose such a view with argu-
ment is to dignify an absurdity.
One other point of the defense I wish to notice
before closing. It is argued at length that au
offense charged before a court of impeachment
must be an indictable one, or else the respond-
ent must have a verdict of acquittal. Then
why provide for impeachment at all? Why
did not the Constitution leave the whole matter
to a grand jury and the criminal courts? Noth-
ing can be added to the arguments and cita-
tions of precedents by the honorable Jlanagers
on this point, and those most learned in the
law cannot strengthen that view which is obvi-
ous to the most cursory student of the Consti-
tution, namely, that impeachment is a form
of trial provided for cases which may lack as
well as those which do contain the features of
indictable crime. Corresponding to the equity
side of a civil court, it provides for the trial
and punishment not only of indictable offenses,
but of those not technically described in rules
of criminal procedure. The absurdity of the
respondent's plea is the more manifest in this
case, because, not the Supreme Court, but the
Senate of the United States is the only tribunal
to try impeachments, and the President's vision
should rather have been directed to what the
Senate, silting as a court of impeachment,
would decide, than to have been anticipating
what some future decision of a court having
no jurisdiction in the case might be.
Impeachable misdemeanors partake of the
nature of both political and criminal offenses.
Hence the Constitution has wisely conferred
upon the people, through their Representatives
in Congress, the right and duty to become the
prosecutors of great offenders for violations of
laws and crimes tending to the destruction of
social order and the overthrow of government,
and has devolved the. trial of such cases upon
the Senate, composed 'of men supposed to be
competent judges of law and facts, and who
are allowed larger latitude of rulings than per-
tains to courts. With this view I have tried to
weigh impartially the testimony in this case.
I would not wrong the respondent, nor do I
wish harm to come to the institutions of this
land by his usurpations. I also desire to be
consistent with myself so far as I may justly do
so. I voted, not in haste, but deliberately, that
the action of the President in removing or
attempting to remove Stanton was unconsti-
tutional and in violation of law.
Is it possible that there is some newly-dis-
covered ''quirk" in the law, not understood
on the 24th of February last, which renders
Johnson's act less criminal than it then ap-
peared ? Did not Senators believe the act of
March 2, 18C7, constitutional when they voted
for it? After the President had arrayed all
conceivable objections against it in his veto,
did not two thirds of this and of the other
House still vote it constitutional and a valid
law? Did they not bv solemn resolution
declare that the President had violated it
