APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
40th Cong.... 2d Sess.
previous year. The number of each class on
the rolls is as follows:
1,079 invalids, annually receiving......... $92,674 25
1,392 widows and children, annually
receiving  226,393 'JO
7 invalids under net March 2,1807,
receiving   * 'w 00
2,47Sper30ns,reccivingatotalamountof $319,828 25
EXPEMSE9 AKD ESTIMATES.
The available resources of tho Department for tho fis-
cal year ending June 30,1867, wore..,.$117,944,000 4S
Expenditures  31,034,011 04
Leaving a balance at the commence-
ment of the piesent fiscal year of  8G,910,0t9 11
The nppropriations for tho current year
amount to  10,555,705 25
Making the total available resources
for tho fiscal year ending June 30,
18138  103,105,754 09
There was cairied to the surplus fund
of tho Treasury, on the 30th Septem-
ber, 1867, at the request of the De-
partment  05,000,000 00
Leaving available for the current fiscal
yc^r  $38,405,751 09
The estimates for tire fiscal year ending June
30, 18ft',), are as follows:
Pay of officers and men of thcN.ivy $10,GGO,5GO 00
Improvements and repairs in navy-
yards  10,141,038 00
lray of superintendence ill navy-yards . 11 7'J 75
Coal, hemp, and equipment of vessels .. 3,000,000 00
Navigation, I\aval Academy, Observa-
tory, &c  0 )0,999 10
Ordnance, magazines, A:c  2,312.3:i5 75
Construction and repair of vessels  8,090,000 00
Steam machinery, tools, <lre..  4,400,000 00
Provisions and clothing  3,400,000 00
Hospitals and naval iaboratoiy  1 11,000 0-')
Contingent expenses  1,832,500 00
Support of Marine corps  1,014,9,8 05
Total $47.317.183 95
Since the close of the war no appropriations
have been required for the constiuction and
repair of vessels for steam machinery, ord-
nancc, provisions and clothing, fuel, hemp,
&c., the balances under these several heads
having been more than ample for current ex-
penditures. In my lastannual report attention
was called to tho existence of large balances
under these heads, and it was suggested that
they could be disposed of by Congress in order
that future expenditures might lie made after
speeilic appropriation following the close scru-
tiny which has been deemed essential to cor-
rect administration. As no action was taken
by Congress, on the 80th September last, in
accordance with the provisions of the act ap-
proved May 1, 1820,1 requested the Secretary
of the Treasury to carry to the surplus fund
appropriations to tho amount of §05,000,000,
leaving under these several heads an amount
only sufficient for the expenditures of the cur-
rent fiscal year. In this sum of $05,000,000
are embraced the amount received from the
sales of vessels and other war property of no
service in time of peace, the amount refunded
to the Government by the builders of the Dun-
derberg and Onondaga, as well as the balance
of appropriations under the heads for which
nothing has been asked for the last two years,
not required for the current year.
In accordance with the views herein ex-
pressed estimates have been submitted for the
entire expenses of the Department for the ensu-
ing fiscal year, which of course make a larger
aggregate than for the past two years, when
only partial estimates were made. Estimates
have also been made for amounts sufficient to
complete the buildings and works which are
unfinished, and to place the different navy-
yards in an efficient condition, amounting to
over $10,000,000. This expenditure, should
the appropriation be made, would run through
several years; the improvements being of a
character requiring time for their completion.
At the close of the war, in the spring of 1805,
the Department had heavy contracts in the
process of fulfillment for vessels, engines, ord-
nance, &c. Good faith required that these
should be completed, and the expenditiues of
tho Department for tho past two years have,
for these reasons, been necessarily large for a
peace establishment. Nearly all the war lia-
bilities are now closed, arrangements having
been made with some of the manufacturers of
engines for which no vessels have been pro-
vided, to lake the engines and relievo them
from further responsibility. The expenditures
of the Department were over $12,000,000 loss
during the last year than for the preceding fis-
cal year.
'To return to the Treasury $05,000,000, be-
sides meeting the extraordinary expenditures
of the heaviest branches of the service for
three years, must be regarded as evidence that
the business of the Department has been con-
ducted with economy, as well as that care has
been taken by those intrusted with the dispo-
sition of useless public property to realize the
nearest approximation to its value; and is a
financial exhibit exceedingly gratifying to the
Department.
THE BURE U'K.
The reports of the chiefs of bureaus and of
the commandant of the Marino corps contain
detailed statements of tho operations of their
several departments during the year, with sug-
gestions for the future. The principal points
touched upon are the following:
The chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
reports ihe expenditures for improvements and
repairs in the several navv-yards during the
last year, and explains in detail the estimates
for the ensuing fiscal year for improvements.
The immense expenditures for construction,
repairs, and for machinery outside the yards,
during the rebellion, has shown the necessity
for enlarging the yards and increasing the. facil-
ities in the (iovernment establishments, where
the work is more reliably and economically
done. Nothing was appropriated for improve-
ments during the current year, and the esti-
mates are consequently larger than usual. For
the navy-yard at Kittery $17,828 is asked;
for the Charlestown yard, $2,382,1:!); for the
Brooklyn yard, $3,!I18,711; for the care and
preservation of the property in tho Philadelphia
yard, $K8,8K3—nothing being asked for per-
manent improvements, in view of tin1 proposed
removal of the yard to League island; for
tho Washington yard the estimates amount to
$420,-U5; for the Norfolk yard, $040,145; for
the Pensacola yard, $1,250,885 ; for the yard
at Mare island, California, $5:!0,4!>3; for the
stations at Key West, Sackett's Harbor, Mound
City, and for the Naval Asylum, $138,000.
The chief of the Bureau of Equipment and
Recruiting reports that during the year seventy-
three vessels have been equipped for service,
twenty-three of which have been wholly and
several others partially wire rigged. The Gov-
ernment ropewalk at Charlestown has as here-
tofore supplied the hemp rigging used in the
Navy, consuming in its manufacture 425 tons of
hemp. The tests of the comparative strength
of wire and hemp rope and the reports of
commanders of wire-rigged vessels are so sat-
isfactory that the bureau recommends the
erection of a building and the purchase of
suitable machinery for the manufacture of wire
rigging. Attention is called to the suggestions
of the chief of the bureau relative to offering
greater inducements to seamen and ordinary
seamen to enlist in the Navy, and also to the
necessity for additional legislation to prevent
desertions by providing more effectual pun-
ishment for that crime than now exists.
The chief of the Bureau of Navigation reports
that the instruments, nautical books, charts,
and other navigation supplies issued to naval
vessels, are well cared for, and that a strict
accountability is exacted of officers in charge.
The subject of compass deviations has con-
tinued to receive tho particular attention of
the bureau, and it is believed that its efforts
will result in furnishing a body of reliable piac-
tieal data upon which to base a satisfc etoi v
judgment, upon the qiiahiy < if the comparand
its use on board modern ships of war. Tho
active cooperation of this Government with
European Powers in developing the dangers
to navigation in the Pacific and Indian oceans
is recommended. The navigable waters of
China and Japan, and in the vicinity of the
territory recently acquired from Russia. are
now visited at considerable risk of both life
and property, and the interests of the commerce
of all nations require that careful surveys be
made. The hydrographic office has prepared
a number of charts for publication, some of
which have already been issued,_ and it is
steadily progressing in the duties for which it
was originally designed. The naval apprentice
system continues to win favor, and the results
are satisfactory. The new chapel and the addi-
tional quarters for midshipmen at the Naval
Academy are now under construction. The
accompanying reports of the superintendent
of the Naval Observatory and of the Nautical
Almanac show in detail their labors during tho
year.
The chief of the Bureau of Ordnance.states
that since the date of his last report all existing
contracts for naval cannon have been com-
pleted, and that, with the exception of the
fifteen-inch gnns, the stock on hand will meet
tho wants of the service. There is also a super-
abundant supply of powder, projectiles. «c.,
to supply current demands. The trials of the
navy tiftcen-inch gun in England have fully
vindicated the wisdom of the measure of intro-
ducing this caliber of cast-iron ordnance into
our service. Wronght-iron gun-carriages are
taking the place of the old wooden ones, and
a steam gun-carriage for the manipulation of
heavy ordnance, the invention of James B.
Eads, Esq., of Missouri, has been tried during
the past year with gratifying results. Breeeh-
loadmg small-arms, in lieu of muzzle-loaders,
aie now being introduced into the sen ice-
Old, unserviceable, and surplus guns, powder,
projectiles, &c., have been disposed of during
the year, and $385,9-11 has been realized to the
Treasury from this source.
Tho chief of tho Bureau of Construction and
Itepair reports that during tho last year the
work at the navy-yards has been mainly eon-
fined to the repair of vessels. The new work
has been limited to the slow completion of the
steam vessels, for the machinery of which eon-
tracts were made with private parties before
tho close of the war. Four have been launched
during the year, and the construction of four
of the smaller class has been commenced.
Additional buildings are needed at the different
yards for the economical working of the con-
structor's department. The chief of the bureau
recommends that steps be taken for the pro-
fessional education of naval constructors.
The chief of the Bureau of Steam Engineer-
ing reports that no new machinery has beers
commenced during the year, and that the work
at the diffeient ua\y-yards has been limited to
repaiting and fitting out, and to the gradual
completion of the machinery commenced before
the termination of the war. The Franklin amt
Guerriore ore the only new vessels with r"cent]y
constructed engines that have made sea \oy-
ages, and the reports of the performance of
their machinery are most satifactory. A sum-
mary of^ the trial of competitive machinery
erected in other large vessels is given. The
machine shops at the different yards arc inad-
equate for the operations which a sudden
demand for war steamers would require, and
tho chief of the bureau earnestly hopes that
the estimates asked for to put them in efficient
ccmditiou may receive the favorable action of
Congress.
'1 he chief of the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing reports that the large stock of stores
on hand at the close of the war has been
reduced to a standard sufficient only to meet
tho current wants of the ser\iee. lie recom-
mends that Uu< custom ol the English and
f'leuch Navies, and of our o \n Arm,, of pur-
