488
SUPPLEMENT TO
aod the Constitution in removing Stanton and
appointing Thomas? How can wc say, while
under oath we try this man, that he is inno-
cent? Is it not trifling with the country, a
mockery of justice, an insult to the represent-
atives .of the people, and a melancholy instance
of self-stultification, for us to solemnly declare
the President a violator of law, thus inviting
and making it the duty of the House of Rep-
resentatives to prosecute him here, and, after
long invcstgation, at large expense of the peo-
ple's money, with both confession of the crim-
inal and large and conclusive proofs of the
crime—all this and more—for us to declare
him liOt guilty?
The position in which Senators are placed
by the votes which they have heretofore given
is so well stated in an editorial of a leading
newspaper of my own State, the Chicago Trib-
une of May 7, 1808, that I extract from it as
follows:
"Johnson disregarded the Constitution and the
law, and broke them both by appointing a Secietaiy
of War without the consent of the Senate wiien no
vacancy existed." * * 6 * * 4
"No man can tell how black-letter lawyers may bo
influenced by hair-splitting niceties, legal quirks, and
musty precedents." * * * '■ * *
" Now, to acquit Andrew Johnson is to impeach the
Sonate, to insult anddegrado thollouso, and to betray
the people. If Johnson is not guilty of violating the
law and the Constitution, the Senate is guilty of sus-
taining Stanton in defiance of the Constitution; is
guilty of helping to pass an unconstitutional law; is
guilty of interfering with the executive prerogatives.
Every Senator who voted for tho tenure-of-offieebill,
who voted that Johnson's removal of Stanton was in
violation of that law, who voted to order the Presi-
dent to replaco Stanton, and who now votes for the
acquittal of Johnson, stultifies and condemns him-
self aa to his previous acts, and the whole country
will so understand it.
"The Senate knew all tho facts before the House
impeached; the Senate's action made impeachment
obligatory on thepart, of the House, and on 1 11c hi.',);Is
of the Senators rests thoresponpibility of defeating a
verdict, of guilty against, a criminal who stands self-
confessed asguilty of breaking the law ami disregard-
ing tho Constitution. No matter what personal
antipathy Senators may feci for tho man who will
bccomo Johnson's successor, no mat tor a bout tho plots
and schemes of tho high-taritf lobby, tho Senate has
a solemn duty to perform, and that is to punish a
willlill and malicious violation of tho law. If tho
President, in disiegard of his oath, may trample on
the huv, who is bound t.o obey it? Ff tho President
is not amenable to the law, ho is an omperor, a des-
pot; then what, becomes ot our boasted government
by law, of our lauded i'reo institutions?" ^
My colleague is certainly in error when he
says:
"It is known, however, that tho resolution coupled
tho two tilings, tho removal of tlie Secretary of War
and the designation of an officer m/ interim, together,
so that those who believed either without authority
were compelled to vote for tho resolution."
•Just the reverse of that is tho truo doc-
trine. If a Senator believed one branch of
the proposition to be true and the others false,
he was bound by his oath to vote against the
resolution.
Where two allegations are made, one of
which is true and the other false, there is no
obligation to affirm both.
Mr. President, 1 ought, in justice to those
who may vote 1'or acquittal, to say that, 1 do
not judge thorn. Nor do 1 think it a crime to
vote in a minority of one against the world.
When I have taken an oath to decide a ease
according to the law anil the testimony I
would patiently listen to my constituents, and
be willing, perhaps anxious, to be convinced
by them ; yet no popular clamor, no fear of
punishment or hope of reward, should seduce
me from deciding according to the conviction
of my conscience and my judgment; therefore,
I judge no one. Our wisest and most trusted
men have been often in a minority. I speak
for myself, however, when I say it is very hard
for mo to see, after what seems to me such
plain proof of willful and wicked violation of
law. how any Senator can go back upon him-
self and his record, and upon the Ilonse of
Representatives and the country, and set loose
the greatest offender of modern times, to repeat
at pleasure his acts of usurpation, and to plead
the license and warrant of this great tribunal
for. his high crimes and misdemeanors.
In the eleventh article, among other things,
it is charged that the President did attempt to
prevent, the execution of the act of March 2,
1867, providing for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States. It" is plain to me
from his veto messages, his proclamations, his
appointment of rebels to office, his indiscrim-
inate use of the pardoning power, his removal
of our most feitliful military officers from their
posts, that he has been the great obstacle to
the reconstruction of the Union.
With his support of Congress in its measures
every State would long since have resumed its
friendly and harmonious relations to the Gov-
ernment, and our forty millions of people would
have rejoiced again in a restored and happy
Union. It is his perverse resistance to almost
every measure devised by Congress which
retarded the work of reconstruction, reanimated
the hopes and reinflamed the virus of rebellion
in the southern States. The Freedmen's Bu-
reau bill, the civil rights bill, and the various
reconstruction bills were remorselessly vetoed
by him, and every obstacle thrown in the way
of their proper and efficient execution. His
unvarying purpose seems to have been to save
the rebel oligarchy from the consequences
which our victory pronounced upon it, and to
enable it to accomplish by his policy and
abuse of his power what could not be accom-
plished by the power of the sword. The re-
bellion lives in iiis vetoes and acts.
If some daring usurper, backed by a power-
ful faction, and the Army and Navy subjcctto
his call, should proclaim himself king or dicta-
tor, would not the blood leap in the heart of
every truo American ? And yet how little less
than this is the condition of our public affairs,
and who has not seen on the part of Andrew
Johnson a deliberate purpose to override the
sovereign power of the nation and to usurp
dangerous, dictatorial, and kingly powers?
And what true patriot has not felt that in such
conflicts of power there is eminent peril to the
life of the Republic, and that if some check,
by impeachment or otherwise, be not put upon
these presidential usurpations the fruits of the
war will be lost, the rebellion triumph, and the
last hope of a permanent reunion of the States
be extinguished for ever? *
For reasons such as these—-and for proof of
which there is much of evidence in the docu-
ments and records of this trial—but more espe-
cially for the violation of the Constitution and
of positive law, I cannot consent that with my
vote the President shall longer woik his treach-
erous and despotic will unchecked upon my
suffering countrymen.
Mr. President, this is a tremendous hour for
the Republic. Gigantic interests and destinies
concentrate in the work and duties of the event-
ful moments through which we are passing.
I would do justice, and justice requires con-
viction ; justice to the people whom he has so
cruelly wronged. I would lie merciful, merci-
ful to tho millions whose rights lie treacher-
ously assails by his contempt for law. I would
have peace ; therefore I vote to remove from
office this most pestilent disturber of public
peace. I would have prosperity among the
people and confidence restored to capital;
therefore I vote to punish him whose turbulence
makes capital timid and paralyzes our national
industries. 1 would have economy in the ad-
ministration of public affairs; therefore I vote
t,o depose the promoter and cause of unheard
of official extravagance. I would have honesty
in tho collection of the public revenues ; there-
fore L vote to remove this patron of the cor-
ruptionists. I would have my Government
respected abroad ; therefore I vote to punish
him who subjects us to-dishoiior by treating law
with contempt. I would inspire respect for law
in the youth of the land ; I therefore vote to
impose its penalties upon the most exalted
i criminal. I would secure and perpetuate
| liberty, and I therefore vote to purge the citadel
[ of liberty of him who, through murder, suc-
; ceeded to the chief command and seeks to
j betray us to the enemy.
| 1 fervently pray that this nation may avoid a
I repetition of that history, in which apostates
j and usurpers have desolated nations and eri-
i slaved mankind. Let our announcement this
day to the President, and all future Presidents,
and all conspirators against the liberties of this
country, be what is already the edict of the
loyal millions of this land, "You shall not
tear this temple of liberty down." Let our
warning go down the ages that every usurper
and bold violater of law who thrusts himself
in the path of this Republic to honor and re-
nown, Whoever he may be, however high his
title or proud his name, that, Arnold-like, he
shall be gibbeted on every hilltop throughout
the land as a monument of his crime and pun-
ishment, and of the shame and grief of his
country.
"We are not alone in trying this cause. Out
on the Pacific shore a deep murmur is heard
from thousands of patriot voices ; it swells
over the western plain, peopled by millions
more; with every increasing volume it advances
on by the lakes and through the busy marts
of the great North, and reechoed by other mil-
lions on the Atlantic strand, it thunders upon
us a mighty nation's verdict, guilty. While
from ont the smoke and gloom of the desolated
South, from the rice-fields and along the great
rivers, from hundreds of thousands of perse-
cuted and basely-betrayed Unionists, comes
also the solemn judgment, guilty.
The criminal cited before this bar by the
people's Representatives is, by his answer and
the record, guilty.
Appealing for the correctness of my verdict
to the Searcher of all hearts and to the en-
lightened judgment of all who love justice, and
in accord with this " cloud of witnesses," I
vote guilty.
Standing here in my place in this mighty
temple of the nation, and as a Senator of the
great Republic, with all history of men and
nations behind me and all progress and human
happiness before me, I falter not on this occa-
sion in duty to my country and to my State.
In this tremendous hour of the Republic,
trembling for life and being, it is no time for
me to shrink from duty, after having so long
earnestly supported those principles of gov-
ernment and public policy which, like divine
ordinances, protect and guide the race of man
up the pathway of history and progress. As
a juror, sitting on this great cause of my coun-
try, I wish it to go to history and to stand upon
the imperishable records of the Republic, that
in the fear of God, but fearless of man, I voted
for the conviction of Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States, for the commission
of high crimes and misdemeanors.
HON.
OPINION
OF
THOMAS W. TIPTON.
When the act regulating the tenure of civil
offices passed Congress on the 2d day of March,
1807, I'd win M. Stanton was Secretary of War,
having been appointed to said office by Mr.
Lincoln and confirmed by the Senate January
15, 18G2, and commissioned to hold the office
" during the pleasure of the President of the
United States for the time being." The first
section of the act is as follows:
"That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such otiice, anil shall
become duly qualified to act, therein, is and shall bo
entitledto hold suchoffice until a successor shall havo
been in like manner appointed and duly qualified,
except as herein otherwise provided: Provided. That
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of War, of
the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney General, shall hold their
offices respectively for and during tho term of the
Presdent, by whom they may have been appointed,
and one month thereafter, subject to removal by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate."
Before the passage of the above recited sec-
tion the only limit to a Secretary's term was
the pleasure of the President; but it was de-
termined to make the termination definite, and
hence we have a time specified beyond which
it could not extend, namely, one month, after
the expiration of the term of the President by
whom appointed.
