3570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Maine will remember that there can be no
Hostility to the appropriation bill. From the
experience I have had in the Senate I believe
it ia the poorest economy of the time of the
Senate that can possibly be had to consider a
bill two or three days and then lay it aside for
something else. We ought to have a rule by
which the Senate could pursue a measure until
it was disposed of one way or tlie other. If
we lay aside the Colorado bill, I doubt whether
it will ever be reached again this session. I
think we ought to vote upon it. It went over
on Saturday on my motion, and I am sorry
now that I made the motion. I supposed of
course that it would be voted on to-day; other-
wise we should have, at least so far as my action
is concerned, taken the vote 011 Saturday. I
hope we shall vote to-day 011 the Colorado
bill.
The PRESlDENTpj'o tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the order of the day for
the purpose of taking up the appropriation bill,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew,Cameron,Cole,
Conkling, Davis, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hendricks, Ilowe, Johnson, McCreery, Morfitn,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Norton, Sher-
man, Sumnor, Vrckers, and Willey—-I.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conncss, Craein, Drako,
Ferry, Fowler. Harlan, Howard,Morton, Nye, Pom-
eroy.Ramsoy.lloss, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—j0.
ABSENT—Messrs.Bayard, Cn t.tol I, Corbet t, Dixon,
Doolittle, Grimes, Henderson, McDonald, Patterson
of Now Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Eico,
Saulsbury, Spntgue, Thayer, and Van Winkle—15.
So the motion was agreed to.
andrew s. cork.
The Senate proceeded t.o consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 522) to authorize the Commissioner
of the Revenue to settle the accounts of An-
drew S. Core. The amendments were in line
three to strike out the words "Commissioner
of the Revenue is " and to insert in lieu thereof
the words "proper accounting officers of the
Treasury are;" and also to amend the title of
the bill so as to read, "A bill to authorize the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of Andrew S. Core."
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendments of the House of
Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
evening session.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate hold
an evening session this evening to enable me
to dispose of a bill that I had up on Saturday,
but yielded to the Colorado bill, and which
thus lost its place. It is a bill of about one
hundred sections and it will take some little
time to read it. I should like to have it taken
up to-night. I meve therefore that we hold
a session this evening for that special purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. Fix the hour.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate hold
a session commencing at seven o'clock this
evening, for tile special purpose of considering
the bill (S. No. 529) establishing rules and
articles for the government of the armies of
the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is an
important measure. I understand the Com-
mittee on Finance propose to be in session
erery evening for some evenings to come, and
I presume every member of the committee
would like to be here when that bill is disposed
of. I hope therefore that the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts will not
prevail.
Mr. WILSON. I have been waiting for
three or four weeks to get this bill up. It is a
long bill, and it will take an hour to read it.
Last Saturday 1 had the floor and was about
to take it up, but yielded to over-persuasion
and it lost its place, and the War Department
is pressing me to get the bill through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoi e. The motion
can only by entertained by unanimous consent,
as the appropriation bill is regularly before the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That motion
can be made at some other period. I think
we had better go on with the appropriation
bill.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have a vote
on the motion. I desire to pass the bill to-
night. I am compelled to go away to-morrow,
and do not intend to bo here for ten days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot dispose of
it to-night.
Mr. WILSON. I think wo can.
Mr. FERRY. I think the bill can be dis-
posed of this evening. It is merely a revision
of the Articles of War. I have read the bill
with some care. I think it can be disposed
of almost as rapidly as it is read through.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will con-
sent to meet this evening for this purpftse.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, there
are so many gentlemen on the floor that I am
utterly unable to understand what the bill is
that the Senator from Massachusetts wants us
to consider this evening.
Mr. WILSON. The bill that I desire to take
up is a bill establishing rules and articles for
the government of the Army of the United
States. I will state that the bill was originally
framed by two Army officers and Professor
Lieber. The bill was then submitted to Gen-
eral Sherman, General Sheridan, and General
Augur, who have spent months upon it, and
it is, in my judgment, an almost perfect meas-
ure. It is a long bill of one hundred and three
sections, comprising the Articles of War, which
it is very important to have passed at this ses-
sion. I have been pressed by the Secretary of
War to get the bill through. I had the floor
on Saturday for that purpose, and very fool-
ishly yielded it to over-persuasion to getanother
bill through which it was said would take but
a few moments. I desire to have a meeting
of the Senate this evening l'or the purpose ot
getting it through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to putting the question on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts ? All this
proceeding is out of order.
_ Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make a
single remark. I am perfectly willing to vote
for a night session if the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is sure that we shall have a reasonably
full Senate; but I am afraid that if we order a
night session we shall not have a quorum, and
those of us who come here will lose our time.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think we shall have a
quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ' The ques-
tion is on the motion for an evening session
to-day, commencing at seven o'clock.
Several Senators. Half past seven.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Half past
seven o'elock is mentioned. The question is
on ordering an evening session, to commence
at half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—yeas 18, nays 11.
interest due by states.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The appro-
priation bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. I have the permission of
the Senator from Maine having the appropria-
tion bill in charge to take up the joint resolu-
tion which was under consideration this morn-
ing for the purpose of having a vote upon it.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Mohtox] will not be objected
to, and I think the resolution will lead to no
further debate whatever.
The PRESlDENT^jro tempore. The appro-
priation bill can be passed over informally by
unanimous consent, is there any objection?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 have no objec-
tion, if this resolution will lead to no delay.
Mr. MORGAN, it will lead to no delay.
There will be no debate upon it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 94)
directing the Secretary of the Treasury, when-
ever any State shall have been or may be in
dcfaultfor the payment of interest or principal
on investments in its stocks or bonds held by
the United States in trust, to retain the moneys
due to such State from the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the joint
resolution by adding the following proviso :
Provided, That there shall be an account rendered
in the first instance to the States in default showing
the amount of moneys that have been withheld from
the States in default on account of sales of public
lands, or on any other account.
Mr. MORGAN. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred iu. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. THAYER and Mr. ROSS submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (II. R. No. 1073) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1869 ; which were referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORGAN, Mr. HOWARD, Mr. STEW-
ART, Mr. MORTON, and Mr. RAMSEY
submitted amendments intended to be pro-
posed to the bill (H. R. No. 818) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending Juno 30, 1869,
and for other purposes ; which were referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by 'Mr. Llotd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 316) extending the time for the
completion of the Northern Pacific railroad.
ENROLLED BILL SIONED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (S. No. 251)
for the relief of Captain Charles N. Goulding,
late quartermaster of volunteers; and it was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the
Senator f'r$m Maine, I should like to take up
the joint resolution which has just come from
the House of Representatives. The Senate has
previously passed a precisely similar measure,
and it is important that this should be passed
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is it?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a resolution extending
the time for the construction of the Northern
Pacific railroad two years. We have passed a
similar measure here.
M>. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it the same
thing?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir; but under the
rules of the House they could not reach that;
and this being resolution day they passed the
same measure as a resolution, and it comes
here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be taken up by unanimous consent. Is there
any objection?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it leads to no
debate I will not object.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 31G) extending the time for the
completion of the Northern Pacific railroad
was read twice by its title, and considered us
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
seetion eight of an act entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from Lake Superior to
Puget's sound, on the Pacific coast," shall be
so amended as to read as follows:
That each and every grant, right, and privilege
herein are so made and given to, and aeeepted by,
