138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
constantly rainy. According to the Russian meteor-
ological tables, the average amount of rain falling
during the past fourteen years has been 851 inches
annually—alittle less than Senator Sumner's figures.
May, June, July, January, and February are the
driest months. All the rest nro rainy, and August,
October, December, and March intensely so. Accord-
ing to t lie measurement of Mr. Treskovsky, of the
Russian Observatory, over twenty-one inches of rain
fell during last August. On tho 26th of that mouth
he reports a fall of three inches. When the sun does
break through the clouds it is laughable to see the
cattle, mules, dogs, cats, and hens, as well as human
beings, seek the brief sunshine, and bask in its tran-
sient warmth. These constant rains are especially
annoying to the soldiers. Since the transfer of the
territory they have been detailed from the steamer,
twenty-five at a time, to serve on guard about town.
Returning last night, after a four hours' endurance
of the pitiless storm, one honest Celt, as he came drip-
ping from the boat up the gangway, vented his indig-
nation by exclaiming, ' Be Jasus, who bought this
country? It wasn't me!'"
A fine climate truly, according to the show-
ing of the friends of the treaty, where it rains
three hundred days in the year. It is admitted
that the cereals cannot be grown there, and
that the inhabitants, even the most wealthy, live
almost entirely 011 fish. Domestic animals are
nearly unknown. The hog, for the lack of
vegetable food, feeds on fish, rendering its
flesh disgusting and unpalatable. "Neat cattle
are unknown, except in one instance it is
recorded ' a cow grazed for several years upon
Oonalaska, and was then lost in the mount-
ains.' " I have before me the voyages of La
Perouse round the world in the years 1785,
1786, 1787, and 1788, published in London in
1798. He visited this coast in 1786. I have
also before me the voyages of Captain Cook,
published in London in 1784. Cookvisited the
coast in 1778. I should be glad, had I time, to
read some of their descriptions, but must con-
tent myself by calling attention to the views
which they give of the coast. La Perouse
furnishes fifteen and Cook nine views of this
coast. They will give the House a better idea
of the country than any words of mine can.
These views, in nearly every instance, repre-
sent the coast as rising abruptly from the sea,
composed of barren rocks, and presenting the
wildest and most forbidding appearance.
I invite their inspection by those who desire
to become better acquainted with the character
of our future possessions. In some instances
there appears to be a little timber fringing the
coast, with a background of bare and lofty
mountains. Facts are worth a thousand theo-
ries in regard to isothermal lines. Cook found
snow on the coast as late as June 8, south of
where the peninsula of Aliaska joins the main-
land. On the 26th of May, when near Cape
Elizabeth, he says, on page 386, volume two:
"This land was everywhere covered with snow,
from the tops of the hills down to the very sea
beach."
La Perouse on the 3d of July, in latitude
59°, found the head of Behring's bay '' covered
with pieces of ice."
On arriving upon that coast about the last
of June, 1786, he says, on page 67, volume
two:
" The sight of land, which generally gives rise to
the most agreeable sensations after a long voyage,
failed, in the present instance, to produce the same
effect upon us. Those immense heaps of snow, which
covered a barren land without trees, were far from
agreeable to our view."
While all must admit that the climate and
soil is most forbidding, fully justifying the poet
Campbell, whose muse, after exploring "earth's
loneliest bounds," settled on this coast as fur-
nishing the most perfect picture of inhospital-
ity and desolation, yet I shall probably be
pointed to the fur trade as affording a mine of
wealth from which we are to be repaid all our
outlays. But, sir, the statistics furnished by
the friends of the treaty prove that the fur-
bearing animals are fast being exterminated.
It is a trade that cannot be increased, but must
become less and less every year, as it has for
years past. According to reliable statistics
furnished by the friends of the treaty, the total
value of furs sold for nine years, from 1850
U> 1859, was 1,704,14.9 roubles, or equal to
$1,281,862 ; equal to $145,465 per annum.
As but a Bmall part of that sum can be net
profit, it will readily be seen that the fur trade
can do but little in reimbursing our vast outlay.
Another will point me to the vast forests of
timber which the imagination has pictured as
existing there. I answer that there is no proof
that the timber is extensive or valuable. On
the contrary, the proof is entirely the other
way. Whatever valuable timber there may be
is situated below the peninsula of Jliaska, and
skirting the coast to the southern boundary,
and you will bear in mind that I have already
shown that that part of the coast ceded is only
thirty miles wide, and most of that inaccessible
mountains. Captain Cook says that in visiting
Norton sound they saw a "coast covered with
wood, an agreeable sight," leaving us to infer
that it was not a common sight on that coast;
but he says that on walking to the interior " no
trees were found over six or eight inches in
diameter." At other times he speaks of the
coast; being entirely destitute of timber, and
covered with snow to the very water's edge the
last of May. Other navigators in speaking of
the timber in the region of Sitka, though men-
tioning the presence of large trees, express
doubts in regard to the quality of it.
But why should we go to these frozen
regions and upon these rugged mountains in
pursuit of timber when we have hundreds of
miles further south, in Washington Territory,
upon Puget sound, inexhaustible forests of
the finest timber in the world? A correspond-
ent of the New York Herald writing from
Sitka, in October, says the only value of the
country is in its furs and fisheries, leaving
timber out entirely.
Are you to find your reimbursement in the
mineral productions of the country? If so,
,| the evidence of their existence is unknown.
: Some years ago a report of the discovery of
" gold on the river Stikine in this territory sent
a large number of California miners there, but
after a thorough prospecting of the country
they returned home bitterly disappointed and
without any gold. Other metals in any quan-
tity remain to be discovered. W. H. Dall, chief
of the scientific corps of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, reports that after many
months' search he had found " a small seam of
coal thirty miles below the hend of the river
Youkon," but does not intimate that it is of
any value. But I again inquire, why go to
these inhospitable regions in pursuit of the
precious metals when we have mines that a
thousand years cannot exhaust nearer home ?
Should the country finally become ours it is
greatly to be hoped that the precious metals
will not be found there, but that our miners
will remain and develop what we already
possess.
Another will tell you that it is in the fish-
eries that we are to be reimbursed for the pur-
chase and its vast annual outlays ; and here I
am compelled to admit that this coast abounds
in a great abundance and variety of fish. The
early navigators so declare, and they are con-
firmed by that recent and most intelligent
observer, Sir George Simpson; but in speaking
of the salmon, the fish best known and most
abundant at Sitka, he says that " they are so
inferior, however, in richness and flavor to such
as are caught further southward that they are
not adapted to exportation." The fish are
plenty, no doubt of that; but how, I would
inquire, are they to be cured in a climate where
by the confession of the friends of the treaty it
rains three hundred days in the year ? It is
simply impossible.
But, sir, there has never been a day since
Vitus Behring sighted that coast until the pres-
ent when the people of all nations have not
been allowed to fish there, and to cure fish, so
far as they can be cured in a country where
they have only^from forty-five to sixty pleasant
days in the whole year. England, whose rela-
tions with Russia are far less friendly than ours,
has a treaty with that Government by which
British subjects are allowed to fish and cure
fish on that coast. Nay, more, she has a treaty
giving her subjects forever the free navigation
of the rivers of Russian America, and making
Sitka a free port to«the commerce of Great
Britain. Can any one doubt that Russia, our
best friend, would have given us like privileges
had we asked them?
As the fisheries are, in my judgment, the only
thing valuable there (if indeed they are of any
! value, which may be well questioned) how
much better for us to have enjoyed the privi-
leges given to the subjects of Great Britain
without the vast outlay in buying and the never-
ending expense in governing and"holding the
country?
The last consideration presented why we
should annex this country is that it will extend
republican institutions and the blessings of free
government to the people of that distant coun-
try ; and this makes it proper that I should make
you a little better acquainted with our future
1 fellow-citizens. Of the Russian population I
have already shown that they are largely Sibe-
rian criminals and malefactors. Of the native
population, all accounts represent them as a
j most savage and inhuman race of beings. Sir
George Simpson says of them, that—
"They are numerous, treacherous, and ficrce, cap-
turing and destroying two forts on tho same day near
Sitka, and butchering the unfortunate garrisons."
! Again, he says :
I " Immediately under the jaws of the fort at Sitka,
1 there is a village of Sitkaguonys, or people of Sitka,
\ who are a subdivision of the great tribeof T'nlinkitts.
They are the most wretched Indians in appearance
that I have ever seen, being bedaubed with filth and
I paint, and covered with the scars of syphilis."
| Other voyagers fully confirm his representa-
tions. The great advocate of the treaty thus
speaks of thein:
" For generations they have been warriors, prompt
to take offense and vindictive, as is the nature of the
Indian race—always ready to exact an eye for an
eye and a tooth for a tooth. This character has not
changed. As was the case once in Italy, the dagger
is an inseparable companion. Private quarrels are
common. The duel is an institution. So is slavery
still, having a tripleorigin in war, purchase, or birth.
The slave is only a dog, and must obey his master in
all things, even to taking tire life of another. He is
without civil rights; he cannot marry or possess any-
thing; he can eat only the offal of another, and his
body when released by death is thrown into the sea.
A chief sometimes sacrifices his slaves, and then
another chief seeks to outdo him in this inhumanity.
All this is indignantly described by Sir Edward Bel-
cher and Sir (ieoTge Simpson. Hut a slave once a
freedman has all the rights of a Koloschian. Here,
too, are the distinctions of wealth. The rich paint
their faces daily; the poor renew the paint only when
the colors begin to disappear. i ■
"These are the same people who for more than a
century have been a terror on this coast. It was
Koloschians who received the two boats' crews of
the liusoiau discoverer in 1741, as they landed in one
of its wooded coves, and no survivor returned to tell
their fate. They were the actors in another tragedy
at the beginning of the century, when the Russian
fort at Sitka was stormed and its defenders put to
death, some with excruciating torture. Lisiansky,
whose visit was shortly afterward, found them ' a
shrewd, bold, though perfidious people,' whose
chiefs used 'very sublime expressions,' and swore
oaths, like that of Demosthenes, by their ancestors
living and dead, 'calling heaven, earth, sun, moon,
and stars to witness, partioularly when they want to
deceive.' (Voyage, p. 16.) Since then the fort has
b«entrepeatedly threatened by these warriors, who
multiply by rcenforcements from the interior, so that
the governor in 1837 said, ' Although seven hundred
only are now in the neighborhood seven thousand
may arriv&in a few hours.' "—Belcher'a Voyage, vol.
1, p. 91.
La Perouse, in speaking of them (and it is
admitted that they have not changed for the
better) says, on page 134, volume two:
" I will, however, admit, if it be desired, that it is
impossible for a society to exist without some virtues;
but I am obliged to confess that I had not the pene-
tration to perceivc them. Quarreling continually
among themselves, indifferent to their children, and
absolute tyrants over their women, whom they inces-
santly condemn to the most painful labor." * *
* * These women are the most disgusting of
any on the earth."
Such are the people over whom it is proposed
to extend republican institutions. With an
Indian war on our hands that is costing us
untold millions it is proposed to pay $7,200,000
fbr a country where none but malefactors will
ever live, and where we are likely to be at con-
stant war with the savages. For these reasons
I am opposed to voting money to execute this
treaty, nor shall the fact that the territory has
been delivered over to this Government change
my purpose. I regard the action of the Secretary
of State in receiving the territory before it was
