1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3571
said Northern Pacific Railroad Company upon and
subject to the following conditions namely : that
the said company shall commence the work on said
road within two years from and after the 2d day ot
July, 1868, and shall complete not less than one hun-
dred miles per year after the second year thereafter,
owl shall construct, equip, furnish, and complete
the whole road by the 4th day of July, A. D. 1877.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire if this
resolution ties up the large belt of public land
extending across the continent that, is sup-
posed to be on the line of the road when built
up hereafter?
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know that it does.
Mr. COLE. Has that land been withdrawn
from public sale and settlement and pre-
emption?
Mr. RAMSEY. This resolution is precisely
similar to a measure that we passed the other
day in the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Still I should like to know if
it operates to that extent, of withholding from
public sale and settlement and preemption the
public land along the line of that road.
Mr. RAMSEY. It does for the time being;
for two years.
Mr. COLE. And the road is to be com-
menced in two years. I think it will work
great hardship upon the settlers on the public
lands.
Mr. RAMSEY. No very great hardship. I
do not know that the settlers complain of it.
I think there are a very few on the line of the
road.
Mr. COLE. I do not know how it may be
along the line of that road.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If there is to
be a debate on this resolution I must insist
on going on with the appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I have nothing further to say
on the subject.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make one re-
mark by way of filing a caveat. I have no
objection to this resolution extending the time.
1 wish, however, to give notice that I shallnot
hold myself bound to grant a subsidy hereafter
that comes and builds an argument upon the
fact that we have extended the time in the case
of this road. This is just such an extension as
took place in 18GG to another road, upon which
Higuments of great solidity and of very im-
posing character have been built to show that
we should give a large sum to other roads in
consequence of that extension. I merely file
that caveat now.
Mr. HOWARD. The two measures are
entirely different from each other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. RAMSEY. "We are ready to take the
vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to taking the vote if it can be done with-
out debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. There will be no further
argument about it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
civil appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 818)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1809, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the amendments reported by the
Committee on Appropriations will be acted
upon as they are reached in the reading of the
bill. No objection being made that course
will be taken.
The Chief Cleik proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appreciations was in lines ten and eleven, to
strike out "$504,004 32" andtoinsert"$l,500,-
000" in the clause making an appropriation
"for necessary expenses in carrying into effect
the several acts of Congress authorizing loans
and the issue of Treasury notes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
thirty-nine the following :
For facilitating communication between the At-
lantic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph,
$40,000.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to have
some explanation of that word " facilitating."
I do not really understand what it means.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the
language of the law.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly the Govern-
ment has aided to establish telegraph lines,
but I do not understand that it is interested in
the corporations or connected with their man-
agement.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By the act of
June 16, 18(50, Congress authorized the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to enter into a contract
with this company ; in the language of this
provision, to make a contract "for facilitating
communication between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific States by electrical telegraph." That
contract was made by the Secretary of the
Treasury—I have it here in my hand—by which
the Government stipulated to pay $40,000 an-
nually for the service of this company. This
company was to do all the business of the
Government, as will be seen by the contract,
and the business of all its Departments, and
besides it was to do the telegraphing for the
Coast Survey, Smithsonian Institution, and, I
am inclined to think, some others. Suffice it
to say, that this appropriation is to meet an
obligation of the law created by special statute,
on which was founded a contract which the
committee have examined, and find that it not
only justifies and warrants this appropriation,
but requires it. The question was raised, I
believe, at one time whether this company had
performed all its duty in regard to it. I have
now the statutes of 1860 before me, which I
will read :
"That the Secretary of the Treasury, under the
direction of the President of the United States, is
hereby authorized and directed to advertise for sealed
proposals to be received for sixty days after tho pas-
sage of this act (and the fulfillment of which shall
be guarantied by responsible parties, as in the case
of Bids for mail contrasts) for the use by theGovern-
mentof a line or lines of magnetic telegraph to be
constructed within two years from the 31st day of
July, 1860, from some point or points on the west line
of the State of Missouri, by any route or routes which
the said contractors may .select, (connecting at such
point or points by telegraph with the cities of Wash-
ington, New Orleans, New York, Charleston, Phila-
delphia, Boston, and other cities in the_ Atlantic,
southern, and western States.) to the city ot San
Francisco, in the State of California, for a period of
ten years," &c.
That is all I need to say about it to gentle-
men who do not remember it. It is not a new
question at all. It is one of the annual appro-
priations required by the statute and by con-
tract, and one of those appropriations which
have heretofore been made without controversy
so far as I know. On examination the com-
mittee are satisfied that there is no doubt about
the fact that it is the obligation of the law and
the obligation of the contract.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to know
when the contract runs out or expires. I
should like also to understand why the House
of Representatives did not insert this clause in
the bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That I cannot
inform the Senator, except that if he looks
through the bill he will see several appropria-
tions that were not provided for by the House.
This contract bears date 1861.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Extending until 1871,
I suppose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following clause, from line forty seven to line
fifty-four:
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, 8250,000: Provided,
That hereafter the Hecietaiy of the Treasury shall
communicate at each annual sr—ion of Congress a
full and cpmpleto statement in detail of the amounts
collected from seamen, and also the amount ex-
pended for sick and disabled seamen, in accordance
with the provisions of the act of May 8,1802.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should really like to
have some explanation from tlie committee
why they propose to strike out that clause. It
is an appropriation that has been made regu-
larly for several years without objection; and
it seems that the House of Representatives,
with all their desire to economize, thought
that ought to be retained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Alaine. There was some
difference of opinion in the committee as to
the propriety of making this appropriation ;
and theSeuator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
has some statistics on the subject, which, if he
has them present, I should be glad if he would
state. I believe they led the committee to the
conclusion that the appropriation might as well
be left out.
Mr. HOWE. I did not.understand that there
was any difference of opinion among the mem-
bers of the committee as to the propriety of
making this amendment. I thought the com-
mittee was of the opinion—I certainly was my-
self—that there was no good reason why the
Government should undertake to maintain this
class of employes any more than any class of
hired persons. They are seamen employed in
the merchant marine on private account, for
the joint benefit of themselves and their em-
ployers. They are liable to be taken sick, and
they have their whole salary, their wages, to
take care of themselves when they are sick.
That is all that anybody has who works on a
farm, or who works in a factory, or who works
in a mechanic shop; and if the Government
undertakes to provide for these persons when
they are sick, I do not see why, for the same rea-
son, Government should not undertake to pro-
videforeverylaborerinthe United States who is
taken sick. It is true this appropriation has
been made for a great many years, and, I sup-
pose, has come to be regarded as one of the
ordinary appropriations of the Governmeiat,
but it struck me as one of the abuses in our
system of making appropriations.
I took occasion to look into the history of
this particular appropriation with some con-
siderable care. I ransacked the statutes in
order to trace its history. The first attempt
that the Government made to provide for dis-
abled seamen was made in 1798. That was
simply an enactment authorizing the collectors
to collect of seamen employed in the merchant
marine twenty cents a month, which should
constitute a fund to be applied to the support
of seaman who were sick or disabled. In 179'J
it was provided that the moneys collected in
any State should be expended in that State, with
the exception, however, that that provision was
not to apply to the States of New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, or Connecticut.
The first appropriation which Congress made
for the support of sick and disabled seamen I
think was in 1837. In'1802 the twenty cents a
month had not only proved sufficient to take
care of this class of our seamen, but the fund
had accumulated in the Treasury so that §15,000
were appropriated out of the unexpended fund
to build a hospital in Massachusetts. With
that $15,000, as near as I can get at the his-
tory of the matter, they bought land and built
a hospital, which some thirty years later sold
for enough or within a few thousand dollars of
enough to build a very large and extensive
establishment which I understand they have
there now. That was procured without any
expense to the Treasury. The foundation for
it was obtained from this fund. But in spite
I of that appropriation the fund still continued
,! to accumulate so that in 1811 Congress appro-
II priated $50,000 out of the unexpended money
]' to constitute a fund for the support of disabled
: seamen in the Navy. I never could under-
11 stand upon what argument that appropriation
j; was justified. There certainly could not be
!| any argument in justification of it except the
|; one that there was a fund piling up for which
!i the merchant service had no use, and Congress
;l undertook to subtract $60,000 of it, and did,
j: to furnish a foundation for the naval hospital
i! In 1837 Congress commenced the worts of
