1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
the heading, "High Court of Impeachments."
For example:
"Friday, December i, 1804."
Here comes the title:
"High Court of Impeachments."
See what.follows:
"On motion,
"llesolved, That the Senate will, at one o'clock this
day, be ready to receive articles of impeachment
against Samuel Chase, one of the associate justices of
the Supreme Court of the United States, to bo pre-
sented by the managers appointed by the House of
Representatives.
"Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of
Representatives accordingly."
Can any one famiiiar with the actual practice
be ignorant that the proceeding here recorded
happened in the Senate as such?
Next:
"Resolved, That when the managers of the impeach -
mcntshall be introduced to the barof the Senate, and
shall have signified that they are ready to exhibit
articles of impeachraont against Samuel Chase, the
President of the Senate shall direct the Sergeant-at
Arms to make proclamation, who shall, aiter mak-
ing proclamation, repeat the following words."
This is also under the head of "High Court
of Impeachmentyet we know it happened
in Senate, and nowhere else.
The proclamation I need not read. It does
contain, however, as the Senator from Ver-
mont says, the high-sounding phrase to which
the Senator from Indiana objects, because it
offends his taste—his somewhat too fastidious
taste, perhaps.
Mr. THAYER. Why not read it?
Mr. COCKLING. It is the language
adopted in the rules before us. I am at this
point endeavoring to show, that although the
title of "high court of impeachment" ap-
pears, there can be no pretense that in the
stage of the proceeding here recorded the Sen-
ate was sitting in any capacity except as the
Senate pure and simple, albeit the Secretary
was in love then, as some are in love now, with
the phrase, "high court of impeachment."
The Journal proceeds:
"Agreeably to the above resolutions, the managers
on the part of the House of Representatives, to wit."
Naming them.
"Were admitted: and Mr. Randolph, the chair-
man, announced that they wore the managers in-
structed by the House of Representatives to exhibit
certain articles of impeachment against Samuel
Chase, one of tho associate justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
"The managers were requested by the President
to take seats assigned them within the bar, and the
Sergeant-at-Arms was directed to make proclama-
tion in the words following."
And he did proclaim.
"The President notilied the managers that tho
Senate would take proper order on the subject of tho
impeachment, of which due notice should bo given
to the House ol Representatives."
All this appears under the caption, "High
Court of Impeachment."
Senators will see that the only authority to
be derived from this precedent so far, in favor
of the idea that the Senate is a court, appears
from the inscription upon the title of the Jour-
nal of the words, "high court of impeach-
ment," which words'are there as of the time,
and anterior to the time, as everybody will see,,
when the Senate must have acted as we have
already acted respecting the pending impeach-
ment, as the Senate, pure and simple. .On
the 10th of December, 1804, the rules were
considered, rules which had been reported by
a committee appointed in the Senate, which
report had been made on the 7th December,
and here comes again the same inscription,
"high court of impeachment:"
"The Senate took into consideration the report of
the committee appointed on the 30th of November
last, to prepare and report proper rules of proceed-
ings, to be observed by the Senate in cases of im-
peachment; and agreed to them in part, as fol-
lows."
Then follow the rules.
Now, passing over all that stage of this pro-
ceeding in which the respondent appeared, and
when the judicial pioceedings proper com-
menced, I ask any Senator to show mo on this
Journal where the Senate resolved itself into
a court, or did anything except to take up cer-
tain business, to wit: the business before it,
which was judicial in character.
" Monday, December 24,1804.
" High court of impeachment.
" Tho Senate resumed tho consideration of the re-
port of tho committee," &c.
I pass that.
Following the last rule, which was Rule 19,
that "at all times while the Senate is sitting
upon the trial of an impeachment, the doors
of the Senate Chamber shall be.kept open,"
are the proceedings which were taken in the
case of Judge Chase. I have looked the Jour-
nal through with some care, and I find no day
on which the Senate resolved itself into a court,
but on all days proclamation was made simply;
made in the first place when the managers
appeared, as proclamation will be made here
when managers appear in the pending case,
as it has been made heretofore, always when
managers have appeared with articles of im-
peachment, addressing themselves confessedly
to the Senate as a Senate.
Now, Mr. President, let us look for a moment
at the trial of Peck, to which we have been
referred. The preliminary proceedings were
in May, at the first session of the Congress
then sitting. These proceedings are not before
me, but the record of the trial at the next ses-
sion is here:
" Monday, December 13,1830."
And here is the same title carried again upon
the Journal as a caption:
" High court of impeachment."
The entry is:
"The President administered the oath," &c.
" Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that the Senate aro in their public
Chamber, and are ready to proceed on tho trial of
the impeachment of James H. Peck, judge of the
district court of the United States for the district of
Missouri, and that, seats are provided for the accom-
modation of the members."
No resolution or order resolving the Senate
into anything, but the Senate appears here.
And so following this—I may have over-
looked it, of course—I find no instance in
which the Senate resolved itself into a court.
When, however, you come down to the year
18G2, when West II. Humphreys was tried, I
find on the Journal these words :
"The Senate having resolved itself into a high
court of impeachment."
If sueh a thing can be found anywhere else
on any preceding page of the Journal 1 have
examined it has escaped me. I do not venture
to say that it cannot be found, but in running
my eye over these cases 1 see nothing of the
kind.
Mr. YATES. I will ask the Senator whether,
in the proceedings to which he refers it is
stated as to the meetings and adjournments
that the Senate met or the court met, or the
Senate adjourned or the court adjourned?
Mr. CONKLING. The Journal, as far as it
shows anything on that subject, shows this, as
far as I can see at this moment: the Senate
met and transacted business, whatever it might
be. As soon as it proceeded to the considera-
tion of the particular business to which the
Senator refers it so appears on the Journal,
and whoever made up the Journal there puts
upon the page the title, " High court of im-
peachment," and at the end of a day appears
simply the word "adjourned." Forexample:
*' Friday, December 21,1804.
"High court of impeachments.
"Tho report of the committee appointed on tho
30th of November last ' to prepare and report proper
rules ot proceedings to be observed by the Senate in
cases of impeachments,' was resumed; and,
" Ordered, That the consideration thereof bo post-
poned to Monday next.
"Adjourned."
The next entry is, "Monday, December24,
1804;" so tlia^ I see nothing on the Journal
which establishes a separation one way or the
other as to adjournment or as to meeting,
except that it appears all the time that procla-
mation was made ; the court was opened in no
way except that way, by the proclamation of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, which proclamation seems
to have bean in a form employed at points of
the proceedings which could occur only in the
Senate as such.
Mr. President, I did not intend to occupy so
much time on this subject, and I shall be very
sorry to occupy any more time than is neces-
sary, because I think it important that we
should proceed promptly to a final considera-
tion of these rules. I wish, however, to express
my dissent from the admission and statement
of the Senator from Vermont, asT understand
him. The committee was properly charged,
it seems to me, as the committee of the Senate
to prepare these rules, and we are considering
them properly now, because I believe that
whenever articles of impeachment shall be
lodged with the Secretary of the Senate, and
we proceed to their trial-, we shall proceed
as the Senate, performing a judicial func-
tion no doubt, but nevertheless the Senate,
just as we remain the Senate when we proceed
to the consideration of executive business and
consider nominations or a treaty, or proceed
to do anything else, the doing of which is
committed to the Senate. I beg, Mr. Presi-
dent, to make another remark. Those who
have had occasion or shall have occasion to turn
their attention to a good many of the incidents
and sequences of this proceeding will find, I
think, that it is quite material whether the
Senate assumes a new chaiacter, undergoes a
transmutation, becomes a different body, or
not. I think it will turn out that in matters
of substance it makes a good deal of differ-
ence whether the Senate preserves its identity
in trying an impeachment, or whether it takes
on a novel character and relinquishes its usual
laws of being. But 1 rose mainly to call
attention to the fact that the precedents do not
seem to demand a concession to the views held
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire what
motion is before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The fourth
article of the rules is before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Then, sir, the most of
this debate has been out of order. I say so
without any disrespect, and I hope the vote
will be taken upon article four without any
further loss of time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, I must ask him to let ine have a minute to
reply to my friend from New York.
Mr. HOWARD. Before I sit down, then,
allow me to say one word. I think this dis-
cussion is one moie relating to mere words
than to substance. What is the significance
of the Senate "resolving" itself into a high
court of impeachment? It means nothing more
nor less than this, and it seems to me that Sen-
ators cannot fail to see it: that instead of pro-
ceeding with their ordinary legislative business,
in the discharge of mere legislative duty, the
Senate takes up another branch of its duties,
which are commonly called judicial. That is
all that is meant by resolving the Senate into
a high court of impeachment. It is still the
Senate of the United States, engaged in the
discharge of its constitutional duty as the Sen-
ate, consisting of exactly the same members,
but engaged in discharging judicial duties, duties
in the discharge of which they are required, in
the language of the Constitution, to pronounce
a judgment: in which they are to go through
the process of a trial—phrases well known to
the world as implying the exercise of judicial
functions; but still it is the Senate, the same
body which performs ordinary legislative duty.
It is the Senate as a Senate that acts upon the
ratification or rejection of treaties. There is
another and a third class of duties imposed
upon the Senate which do not belong to the
House of Representatives. Sir, are we not a
i Senate when we are engaged upon treaties?
Are we not a Senate when we are engaged
upon the nominations of the President of the
United States who consults us about appoint-
ments? Clearly we are. The only differ-
ence between us aad the other branch of Con-
