THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question relative to the Secretary of the
Interior to be settled, would be: How long
will his commission run? while the answer
would be, just one month after the termination
of the term of Mr. Johnson, by whom he was,
by the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
pointed. So his term would expire on the 4th
day of April, 1889; which would be the end
of one month after the expiration of Mr.
Johnson's term, in case he- tilled the full un-
expired term of Mr. Lincoln. He being in
office on the 2d of March, 18&7, under a com-
mission which was a precise copy of Mr. Stan-
ton's, I wouldlook forward, not backward,
to find the period of time when the law would
put an end to his term of office, unless sooner
removed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate.
To find the limit of Mr. Stanton's term I
would look forward, also, and as he is serving
with the Secretary of the Interior, upon the
same term,, and under the same identical coin-
mission, I would declare him liable to removal
by force of law, just as soon as one month shall
have passed after the expiration of the term,
which is being served out alike by himself and
the Secretary of the Interior.
To the objection that the Secretary of the
Interior was appointed by Mr. Johnson, and
is serving out his term, while Mr. Stanton was
appointed by Mr. Lincoln, whose term had ex-
piied nearly two years before the date of the
act limiting terms, I reply that the terms of
these Secretaries are one and the same, and
there is no period of time subsequent to the
date of the act at which one Secretary shall
retire in advance of another.
In regard to Mr. Stanton's term having ex-
pired according to the limitations of this law,
one month after the death of Mr. Lincoln, I
deny the proposition: first, because the law
was not in existence until about two years sub-
sequent to that event. Second, because it could
not, on the 2d day of March, 1667, act back
and produce a vacancy in an office already
filled, every act of which has been regarded
valid by every branch of the Government.
Third, because Mr. Stanton has been in office
ever since the date of the law, and is still per-
forming the functions of Secretary of War. As
Mr. Johnson received from Mr. Lincoln the
\\ ar Office with its Secretary, just as he re-
ceived each one of the other Departments of
Government with its Secretary, each and all of
them with subsequent appointments must be
regarded as of his own appointment, for all
purposes of the civil-tenure act; and as it is
impossible to remove a portion in the past and
the balance in the future, they must all share
the same fate and be subject to the same limit-
ations.
Hereafter there will be no trouble in con-
struing the law, for one month subsequent to the
termination of a President's term will vacate
every Secretaryship ; and if this act had been
in force at the time of Mr. Lincoln's death
Mr. Johnson would have had all the heads of
Departments at his disposal one month there-
after. To claim, therefore, that Mr. Johnson
can remove Mr. Stanton without the advice
and consent of the Senate is to affirm an
impossibility, inasmuch as the only period of
time at which a President can get clear of a
Secretary independent of the Senate is at the
end of a month subsequent to the end of a
President's term. And unless Mr. Johnson
will receive a reelection he shall never reach
that official hour 111 which Mr. Stanton would
vacate, by force of law, one month subsequent
to the expiration of Mr. Johnson's term. But
if he should ever reach a second inauguration,
and the month had expired, and Mr. Statilon
w, s inclined to remain, he could demand his
removal independent of the Senate, on the
gi ounds that having received him when he re-
ceived Mr. Lincoln's term, and having adopted
him as the legal head of the War Department,
and all Departments of the Government having
indorsed the legality of his acts to the last
hour ol'his previous term, the Secretary must
be regarded in the light of one of his original
appointments and retire accordingly.
By every reasonable rule of construction it
seems perfectly plain that Mr. Stanton has not
been removed by force of the civil-tenure act,
and consequently is entitled to its protection,
which was accorded to him by the Senate when
they restored him from suspension by their vote
of January 13, 1868. Having attempted to
accomplish that, independent of the Senate,
which he failed to secure when admitting the
constitutionality of the act by yielding to its
provision for suspensions, the President has
certainly been guilty, as charged in the first
article, of a "high misdemeanor in office."
The plea which he makes in his answer, that
he does not believe the act of March 2, 1867,
constitutional, cannot avail him, since, when
Congress passed the act and laid it before him
for his signature, he having vetoed it, it was
then passed over the veto by three fourths of
each branch of Congress—the provision of
the Constitution being that a bill passed by two
thirds of each House over the President's veto
" shall become a law." Having thus become
a law, he had no discretion but to enforce it as
such ; and by disregarding it merited all the
penalties thus incurred.
He is not to be shielded behind the opinions
of his Cabinet, although they may have advised
him to disregard the law, since their only busi-
ness is to enforce and obey the laws governing
their several Departments, and neither to claim
or exercise judicial functions.
The plea of innocent intentions is certainly
not to vindicate him for having violated a law,
for every criminal would be able to plead jus-
tifiable motives in extenuation of punishment,
till every law was broken and every barrier of
safety swept aside.
The strongest possible case that can be stated
would be that of a Senator who might have
declared his belief of the unconstitutionality
of the act of March 2, 18G7, before its passage
over the veto, and now being called upon to
decide upon the right of the President to dis-
regard the provisions of this same act. I hold
that he would be bound by his oath of office to
demand of the President obedience to its pro-
visions until such time as it should be repealed
by Congress or annulled by the decision of a
court of competent jurisdiction. The Presi-
dent must take care that the laws are faithfully
executed.
It is very astonishing that the President
should deny that Mr. Stanton is protected in
office by the civil-tenure act, after having sus-
pended him from office under that act on the
12th of August, 1807, and having repoited him
to the Senate under the same act as being
legally suspended, and having, under a special
provision of the same act, notified the Secre-
tary of thg Treasury of his action in the prem-
ises ; for unless he was legally Secretary of War
he was not subject to such suspension.
It has been argued that as Mr. Stanton has
continued to occupy the War Office, and the
removal has not been entirely completed, the j
penalty for removal cannot attach; but Mr.
Johnson receives General Thomas as Secre- i
tary of War at his Cabinet meetings, thus !
affirming his belief that Thomas is entitled to j
be accredited as such. It should be remem- i
bered, in this connection, that it is a high mis- 1
demeanor to attempt to do an act which is a I
misdemeanor. The removal of Sir. Stanton j
against law would be a high misdemeanor, and |
a persistent effort in that direction, issuing j
orders, withdrawing association from him, and
accrediting another, does, ill my opinion, con-
stitute a high misdemeanor.
By article two he stands charged, during
the session of the Senate, with having issued a
letter of authority to Lorenzo Thomas, author-
izing him and commanding him to assume and
' exercise the functions of Secretary of the De-
partment of War, without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, which is charged to have
been in violation of the express letter of the
Constitution and of the act of March 2, 18G7.
Of his power to appoint the Constitution,
article two, section two, says:- i
" He shall nominate, antf by and wife the advice
and consent of the Sedate shail appSifft." "
In this ease he claimed a vacancy to irMcii
he might appoint independent of the• Senate,
while the Constitution affirms that the Pres-
ident shall have 'power to fill up all vacancies
that may happen daring of the
Senate," not during the session of the'Senate.
It is only necessary to quote-the charge, the
text of the Constitution, and his own admis-
sion in his Answer, that he '' did issue and
deliver the writing as set forth in said second
article, in order to establish the commission
of an unconstitutional act." But the language
of the act of March 2, 1867, is equally explicit.
It affirms in section six—
"That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment made, had or exercised contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, and the making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuingof any commission or letter
of authority for or in respect to any such appoint-
ment or employment, shall bedeemed, and are hereby
declared to be, misdemeanors; and upon trial and
conviction thereof every person guilty thereof shall
bo punished by a fine not exceeding $10,000, or by
imprisonment not exceeding five years, or both said
punishments, in the discretion of the court."
If Mr. Stanton was protected by the first
clause of section one, the issuing of the letter
to Thomas drew upon the author the penalty;
but if he was covered by the proviso, the va-
cancy had not happened and the consequence
was the same. And if the President, during
session of the Senate, can remove one officer
and appoint ad interim, so he may remove any
or all, and thus usurp Departments and offices,
while the people seek in vain for the restrain-
ing and supervising power of a prostrate and
insulted tribunal.
The first article, affirming the illegal removal
of Secretary Stanton ; the second, charging the
illegal issue of the letter of authority to Thomas,
and the third, affirming the ad interim appoint-
ment of General Thomas, admitted as facts
and established by evidence, are the founda-
tions of the whole impeachment superstructure.
The fourth, relative to an unlawful conspiracy
with respect to intimidating the Secretary of
War; the fifth, affirming a combination to pre-
vent the execution of alaw; thesixth, charging
a conspiracy to seize aud possess the property
of the War Department in violation of an act
of 1861; the seventh, charging a like intent in
violation of an act of 1867; and the eighth,
charging the appointment of Thomas with
intent to control the disbursements of the War
Department, are all more or less incidental
acts, springing from or tending to the same
criminal foundation charges, and may or may
not be considered established without affecting
the original articles. If, however, the first
three are not sustained, these will not be likely
to receive more than a passing notice.
The ninth article charges the President with
having instructed General Emory that part of
a law of the United States, which provides that
" all orders and instructions relative to mili-
tary operations issued by the President or Sec-
retary of War shall be issued through the Gen-
eral of the Army, and, in case of his inability,
through the next in rank," was unconstitutional
and in contravention of the commission of said
Emory, in order to induce him to violate the
laws and military orders.
It appears that while General Emory was
acting under a commission requiring him to
observe and follow such orders and directions
as he should receive from the President and
other officers set over him by law, an order
reached him embodying a section of law, which
law had been previously approved by the Pres-
ident himself, but, as it provided that orders
from the President and Secretary of War should
be issued through the General of the Army, or
next in rank, and the President being engaged
to remove the Secretary of War and.thwart
the action of the Senate, in a discussion with
General Emory, as to his duty as au officer,
said, " This (meaning the order j is not. in con-
formity with the Constitution of the United
