1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
paid tor .is n clever device intended to coerce the
notion of this House, and I trust that you will
give him such a rebuke as will be a lesson to
nil future Secretaries, and teach them that the
popular branch of the Government has not and
docs not intend to relinquish the rights that
properly belong to it. I believe that it is the
sober judgment of nine tenths of the members
of this House that this territory ought not to
have been purchased, at least at the present
time. That judgment I hope they will adhere
to, and leave the Secretary who has sought to
force you into a false position to explain
himself to Baron Stoekel, and get out of the
scrape he has got into as best he can. In
trying to place us in a false position his own
true position is likely to be exposed. The
country looks to this House to put a stop to all
extravagant and unnecessary appropriations,
such as this and all akin to it would be. If
money must be squandered neither my constit-
uents or the country shall reproach me with
its having been done by any vote or agency of
mine, and if at any time hereafter any indig-
nant tax-payer shall put to me the same ques-
tion that was propounded by the honest Celt
at Sitka he shall have a like answer, "that it
was not me."
Mr. BROOMALL obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. PRUYN, who said: Mr. Chairman, I
sympathize with the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn*] in the wish which he has
just expressed to economize the expenditures
of the Government; and if the majority in this
House, the majority of the party in power, had
been willing to listen to the Suggestions and the
propositions which emanated from the minority
in this House in years past, we should have
saved money enough fifty times over to pay for
the purchase of Russian America, St. Thomas,
and all the other purchases that the Govern-
ment has contemplated making.
In the remarks which I made this morning
in regard to this question I looked at it simply
nitli reference to the question of obligation,
and maintained that, when the proper branches
of the Government have united in making a
treaty according to the forms of the Constitu-
tution this House is bound to respect their
action, unless it can be shown that such action
was corrupt or fraudulent, or that the Senate
acted under duress, in which cases, as was
stated by Mr. Jay in the number of the Fed-
eralist to which I referred this morning, we
would be at perfect liberty to disregard the
treaty.
As to the value of this property, whether Rus-
sian America be worth a dollar or $50,000,000,
as to what its climate is, and what the charac-
ter of its population may be, I will say noth-
ing. I suppose the Senate had fully informed
themselves on these points before they ratified
the treaty as they did almost by unanimous
consent. And if I recollect correctly, the
speech of Senator Sumner, to which the gen-
tleman has referred, so exhaustive on this sub-
ject, and covering the same ground, stated
conclusions different from those of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin.
Now, sir, the time will come on the discus-
sion of this subject in this House when we
.shall all be prepared on these points. I am
not prepared to go into such details now. I
am not prepared to say whether this was a
valuable acquisition to the Government; but I
supposed there was involved in it not only
those considerations, considerations of honor,
of national position, and of national strength,
but ft'.so a desire on the part of the Govern-
ment to extend its institutions as far as possi-
ble over the whole American continent.
Mr. MAI NARD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to pat a question to
the gentleman from Wisconsin?
Mr. BROO MALL. Certainly. ■*
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no doubt the
Government of the United Kingdom, knowing
the embarrassment we are under, and the
difficulty we find in paying for it, would be
willing to take the bargain off our hands and
pay Russia the amount we agreed to pay, and
pay us a small bonus in addition. I ask the
gentleman whether he would be willing to see
our Government make such a transaction?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
answer it in the first place by asking another
question. What reason has the gentleman to
believe that Great Britain has any desire to
make that purchase?
Mr. MAYNARD. In the first place, from
the general purpose to get all the land she can
everywhere under the sun increasing a priori.
Again, without pretending to have any more
precise information than the gentleman him-
self, I refer to the pricking up of ears in
England when it was known this treaty was
on foot and we were likely to make the pur-
ch&S6>
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tlemaii says his information is based upon the
fact that Great Britain is struggling to take pos-
session of all the land under the sun. I say this
land cannot be considered as being under the
sun. [Laughter.] But I do not know that
England is desirous of obtaining any worthless
purchases—securing the possession of land that
will prove a source of weakness instead of a
source of strength. I do not suppose she
would take it even if we gave her $7,200,000
instead of her giving us that amount.
Mr. PAINE. I ask leave to say one word.
Mr. BROOMALL. If it does not come Out
of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It will, unless there be
unanimous consent.
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not yield if it comes
out of my time.
There was no objection.
Mr. PAINE. I will consume but a few-
minutes. While I entirely agree with my col-
league and shall vote when the time comes
against the appropriation to pay for this pur-
chase of territory, I must say I was sorry to
hear his incidental remark to the discredit of
the Coast Survey. I believe the services of the
Coast Survey were most valuable to the Gov-
ernment during the war. I do not see how we
| could have carried on the war on the sea-
j coast if it had not been for the Coast Survey,
j It cannot be said those services were of the
I same value to the enemy, for while they were
j acting on the defensive we were acting on the
j offensive. We could not have carried on war
operations upon the sea-coast without the ser-
vices of this important and valuable depart-
ment.
Sir. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand that my colleague takes exception to
what I said in regard to the Coast Survey. I
do not wish to enter into a discussion of this
subject now. It was a matter to which I gave
attention when I was here before, and I know
something about it. When the appropriation
comes up for the Coast Survey I shall wish to
be heard. I will then take issue with my col-
league. So far as my observation extended
during the war—but I shall yield to my colleague
on this point—the Coast Survey maps were use-
less on the coast of Texas, and we were com-
pelled to depend upon the pilots there. But
as I have said, I will not go into that question
how.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Chairman, it is well
that the press and the people, legislators and
their constituents, are directing their attention
to the condition of the public finances. With
an immense funded debt upon which we are
paying interest at the rate of eight or nine per
cent., much of it held abroad, and more con-
stantly going there to pay for luxuries which
we would be better without; with every spe-
cies of property and every business interest
overburdened by taxation; with prices de-
creasing, and the wages of labor decreasing in
a greater ratio; with debts increasing by the
steady reinstatement of the credit system, and
even the same debt increasing in actual amount
by the gradual appreciation of the currency, it
is well that the public mind is being awakened
to the dangers that threaten, that if not avoided
they may at least be mollified, and that all the
remedies within our reach may be sought out,
tested, and applied.
In times like these it is natural that every
one should have his peculiar scheme of finance,
the precise remedy for all existing evils, some
of them, too, without the pain which is always
supposed to be the necessary accompaniment
of recuperation; and ranging from those having
many features in common to those diametric-
ally opposite.
Among the various schemes proposed, that
' of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] stands peculiarly prominent. Public
! attention has been directed to it for some
, months by adroit articles in the papers, combat-
i ted by articles which made up in asperity what
they may have lacked in adroitness. Since the
meeting of Congress that scheme has been set
forth in an able speech by its inventor, which
! if not sound was at least specious, blending
j truth and error so ingeniously that it is not
j always easy to see the line dividing them.
[ I look upon this scheme as dangerous be-
cause it is plausible, because it sets off the
apparent interests of the many against the real
interests of the few, and because it promises
that financial impossibility—an easy road from
a depreciated currency to specie payments. I
; intend, therefore, to examine its leading fea-
tures and to follow them to their necessary
results.
It is easier to tear down system? than to
i build them, easier to point out defects in other
'| men's theories than to establish unassailable
j ones ourselves. It is only fair, then, that I
should set up a scheme of finance of my own,
that others may have the advantage of attack
of which I now avail myself, and this I intend
to do before I conclude.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has been
assailed with great bitterness for proposing to
pay the principal of the bonds now falling due
at the option of the Government, in legal-tender
notes. In order not to be misunderstood, I
will say in advance that I cannot consent to the
payment of any portion of the funded' debt,
principal or interest, in depreciated currency
against the will of the holders. But I cannot
denounce that proposition as repudiation Unless
I had some harsher term to apply to the daily
transactions of the Government.
If it be repudiation for the Government to
force its creditors to take in full payment its
own depreciated paper, then has every forced
payment of any debt in that currency since its
first depreciation been an act of repudiation.
When the soldier, who enlisted under a con-
tract to receive a certain number of dollars
monthly pay and bounty, and, who gave the
Services ah,d the blood which he contracted to
give in full—wheti the soldier was forced to
take in full payment the paper which the Gov-
ernment caused to be depreciated after his
enlistment, the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] sat in' his seat here and raised no
cry of repudiation. Is the claim, of the man
who loaned depreciated paper to the Govern-
ment at par and who for five years has been
receiving interest upon it as if he had loaned
the full face of his bond in gold more sacred
than that of the soldier upon whose side of the
contract there was no discount?
I repeat I do not maintain that it is right to
pay the principal of these bonds in depreciated
paper, but I do maintain that that debt stands
upon no higher ground thanany other; that
if the Government is bound, in law or morals,
to pay that debt in the currency of the com-
mercial world it is equally bound to pay every
other debt in the same currency. The repu-
diation does not lie at the door of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. ^ He is but applying
to one class of public creditors the rule which
the Government applies to all others. He sees
no ground for a discrimination in their favor ; ,
neither do I. The contract under which these
men loaned their money is found in the act of
Congress authorizing the loan. The object of
the bond is to show who the particular creditor
is and bow much he loaned. The terms of
loaning were unalterably fixed in the act itself.
