490
SUPPLEMENT TO
States, which makes me Commander-in-Chief,
or-with the terms of your commission." While
General Emory was inclined to obey the order
the President could not command him but
through General Grant's headquarters, and
thus would have to make public his military
orders; but, if General Emory could be made
to believe the order was in conflict with his
commission and the Constitution, and could
be induced to disregard it, then the President
could secretly issue orders to him and accom-
plish his designs. He could only have desired
to cause General Emory to see his duty in
snch light as to disregard this legal order, and.
if Emory had yielded to his construction of
law and Constitution, he could have sheltered
himself under his commission and trampled
the law under foot.
. This effort to tamper with an officer who
was obeying the law of his Government is char-
acterized very mildly by the charge of repre-
hensible. It should be make a crime of serious
magnitude for a President to command a mili-
tary officer to violate a law which was promul-
gated in orders, in accordance with all the
forms of national legislation. In this case the
experiment upon the officer's fidelity and firm-
ness seems to have gone no further than to
discover that General Emory could not be
tampered with, and then the effort was dropped
on the very verge of criminality.
The tenth article charges the President with
having, at Washington city, Cleveland, Ohio,
and St. Louis, Missouri, indulged in language
tending to bring into disgrace and ridicule,
contempt and reproach, the Congress of the
United States, which utterances were " highly
censurable in any. and peculiarly indecent and
unbecoming in a Chief Magistrate."
Under ordinary circumstances I would allow
the utmost latitude of speech, and would never
attempt to apply a corrective only where the
crime became magnified by virtue of the pecu-
liar surroundings. If the President had gone
upon the stump with inflammatory language in
order to assist m leading or driving States out
of the Union, then I would hold him responsi-
ble for the character of his act. And when the
very life of the nation is imperiled by the
absence of ten States, and all legal efforts are
making to induce their early return, if 1 find
him denying the legal and constitutional au-
thority of Congress, and charging disunion,
usurpation, and despotism upon the represent-
atives of the loyal people, thus strengthening
the evil passions of malcontents and rebels, on
account of the tendency of his teachings, I
should not hesitate to declare his conduct a
high misdemeanor.
For the reasons just specified I would find
him guilty of a misdemeanor on the evidence
sustaining the first allegation of the eleventh
article, which charges him with denying the
authority of Congress to propose amendments
to the Constitution. 1 would also hold him
responsible for devising means by which to
prevent Edwin M. Stanton from resuming the
functions of Secretary of War on the Senate
having voted his restoration from the Presi-
dent's suspension. And of his guilt relative
to impeding the proper administration of the
reconstruction laws of Congress, by discour-
aging and embarrassing officers of the law,
and using such defiant language as had all the
force of commands upon rebels, I have not
the shadow of a doubt.
The only matter of astonishment is that an
Executive so unscrupulous and so defiant of
coordinate power has been allowed so long to
defy the people's representatives and defeat the
solemnly-expressed enactments of their will.
Believing that the stability of government i
depends upon the faithful enforcement of law, [
and the laws of a republic being a transcript ;
of the people's will, and always repealable by j
their instructions or change of public servants, j
I would demand their enforcement by the -
President, independent of any opinion of his ;
relative to necessity, propriety, or constitu- i
tionality. i
OPINION
OF
HON. THOMAS A. HENDRICKS.
In the eleven articles of impeachment the
President is charged, in the different forms of
statement, with six acts of official misconduct,
as follows:
1. The removal of Mr. Stanton from th.e office
i>f Secretary of War.
2. The appointment of Lorenzo Thomas, the
Adjutant General of the Army, to the office of
Secretary of War ad interim..
3. The conspiracy with said Thomas to pre-
vent the execution of the tenure-of-office act by
hindering Mr. Stanton from holding the office
of Secretary of War.
4. The instructions to General Emory that
the second section of the act of March 2, 1807,
requiring all military orders made by the Presi-
dent or Secretary of War to be issued through
the General of the Army, was unconstitutional.
5. The President's speeches against Con-
gress.
0. The denial of the authority of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress by the attempt on the part of
the President to prevent the execution of the
tenure-of-office act, the Army appropriation
act, and the act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States.
The sixth charge is found in the eleventh
article. The respondent in his answer has
taken exception to the sufficiency of the state-
ments contained in that articlc, upon the ground
that the alleged acts of the President, which
ho did in his attempts to prevent the execution
of the said laws, are not stated, but it is averred
only that he did unlawfully devise and contrive
and attempt, to devise and contrive means to
prevent their execution. The exception seems
to be sufficiently supported by the well estab-
lished and reasonable rule of pleading, that
charges preferred against a party in any judi-
cial proceeding shall be stated with such rea-
sonable certainty that the accused may know
the nature of the charge, its scope and limit,
the. character of evidence that may be brought
against him, and the class of evidence that may
be invoked in his defense. Until accusations
are stated with such reasonable certainty courts
do not require the accused to answer. The
eleventh article should have stated what means
were devised and contrived, or attempted to
be devised and contrived, so that this court
might decide whether they amount to a high
misdemeanor; and if so, that the respondent
may know the nature of the evidence that may
be brought against him, and the character of
evidence he may offer in his defense. This
view in the pleading is not removed by the
averment that the means were devised and con-
trived to prevent Mr. Stanton's return to the
War Department after the decision of the Sen-
ate upon the reasons for his suspension. Rea-
sonable certainty requires that the means de-
vised and contrived should be stated. If the
means were stated, the Senate might not agree
with the House of Representatives that they
were "unlawfully'' devised, but might hold
them lawful and proper. If the device and con-
trivance were the appointment of a successor,
or proceedings in the courts to test a right
claimed on the one side, and denied on the
other, then the averment that it was "unlaw-
ful " would fall.
But beyond the question of pleading, the
question arises whether the eleventh article
defines any high misdemeanor, or even any act
of official misconduct. As inducement, it is
stated, that as far back as August, 18UG, the
President, in public speeches, did question the
lawlul authority of Congress; and it is then
averred that as late !>s February, 1868, in pur-
suance of that declaration, he did "attempt to
preventthe execution of"' the said several acts,
by "devising and contriving, and attempting
to devise and contrive, means by which he
should prevent" Mr. Stanton from resuming 1
tne functions of the office of Secretary of War, !
and to prevent the execution of the other acts.
Passing over the question whether an attempt
to prevent the execution of a statute without
success is a misdemeanor, when the statute
does not so dcclare, the question arises whether
it can be a crime or misdemeanor in a single
person, without combination or conspiracy with
others, to devise and contrive means without
executing the schemes ? To devise or contrive
is an intellectual process, and when not exe-
cuted by acts done cannot be punished as a
crime, however unworthy or vicious. Can we
undertake the punishment of the thoughts,
opinions, purposes, conceptions, designs, de-
vices, and contrivances of men when not car-
ried into acts? The eleventh article does not
attempt the definition of a crime, unless, indeed,
we hold the vicious thoughts and evil purposes
of public officers to be such in the absence of
any law so declaring.
In the presence of the provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States which protects
the right of free speech, and in the absence of
any law, State or Federal, declaring its exer-
cise in any manner or by any person to be a
crime, it is not necessary to examine the tenth
article, which rests its charge of a misdemeanor
upon the President's speeches made to the
people, in response to their calls, in his capacity
as a citizen, and not in the exercise of his
office.
In our country, as long as the Constitution
stands, no legislative body can make it a crime
to discuss the conduct of-public officers with
entire freedom, and the House of Represent-
atives cannot, by any proceeding whatever,
shield itself from individual criticism and pop-
ular review; and any effort to do so betrays
conscious weakness, and disturbs public con-
fidence.
The ninth article rests upon the conversa-
tion between the President and General Em-
ory. In that part of the President's conduct
no fault can be found, much less a violation
of law. He had been informed by a member
of his Cabinet that there were evidences of
important changes of the military forces at and
near this city. It was his right and, perhaps,
his duty to become informed of the extent and
purpose of any such movements. He sent
for General Emory to make the necessary in-
quiries. In the course of the conversation
General Emory called his attention to the
order issued in pursuance of the section of the
law requiring all military orders from the Pres-
ident to be issued through the General of the
Army; and then the President expressed the
opinion that it was unconstitutional thus to
control him in the exercise of his constitu-
tional powers as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. He went no further than the expres-
sion of that opinion; he gave no orders to
General Emory, nor does it appear that at any
time he has disregarded the said law. In any
proceeding less grave than the present it would
be regarded as frivolous to charge it as a crime
that an opinion had been expressed upon the
constitutionality of any law.
The fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh articles
charge a conspiracy between the President and
General Lorenzo Thomas to prevent Mr. Stan-
ton's holding the office of Secretary of War,
and to obtain the custody and charge of the
property of the United States in the War De-
partment. It is not necessary to notice the
averments, in two of these articles, of a pur-
pose to resort to intimidation and threats, and
to use force, inasmuch as the evidence wholly
fails to show that the President at any time
contemplated a resort to either; and it does
appear that there was no resort to either. In
the absence of intimidation, threats, and force
in the purpose and conduct of the President
and General Thomas no case is made within
the conspiracy act of July 31, 1861. But it
appears to me that it cannot be said that the
President and General Thomas conspired to-
gether when the former issued to the latter the
ad interim appointment, and the latter ac-
cepted it. It. is plai i that the President issued
