1524
TflS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
ffess consists in the fact that $o have divers
uties to perform as a corporate body which
do not belong to the other branch of Congress;
but in all these capacities we are simply acting
as the Senate of the United States. It seems
to me that nobody can be deceived, nobody
can misapprehend the meaning of the rule now
under consideration when it speaks of the Sen-
ate resolving itself into a high court of im-
peachment.
I will not stand about phrases; they are not
material at all; but I feel a lit.tle disposed to
adhere to the old forms of our fathers. Here
is an expression, "high court of impeach-
ment," which has come down to us from a
very early period in our history, and has been
in use nearly seventy years, perhaps fully sev-
enty years. Why reject it now ? If it be noth-
ing but form it will harm nobody. As has
been very properly said, the people of the Uni-
ted States regard the Senate, when it is dis-
charging these judicial duties, as a court, and
as a high court. Of course its duty is to try
impeachments. I would not, therefore, change
even that phraseology. I think the other phrase,
" resolving ourselves into a court of impeach-
ment," is a very convenient one. It will show
the world that we are at that moment engaged
in a certain branch of our business, our duties,
which is judicial in its nature, and that at
that time we are not in the discharge of any
other kind of duties, and cannot be, because
we are engaged in the trial.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to ask
him whether "resolving the Senate into a
high court of impeachment" will be in its
nature equivalent to saying "the Senate will
proceed to the subject of impeachment?"
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly. I take it to
mean nothing else.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is the same
thing?
Mr. HOWARD. It means precisely the
same thing.
'Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then would it
not be better to say " the Senate will proceed
to the consideration of impeachment" and
leave out the word " court?"
- Mr. HOWARD. I would rather prefer to
retain the word " court," because it is ancient,
well understood, and is more fitting and signif-
icant than the other phrase which the Senator
uses, because our duties are actually judicial.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest whether
it is necessary to apply a distinction where none
is supposed to exist. The Senate does not, in
feet, take any judicial character by this resolu-
tion. It is the Senate precisely, after it re-
solves, as it was before. The phrase would
seem to imply that it is to bo something other
than the Senate, to wit: a court, which it cer-
tainly is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand it, we
move every dayto proceed tothe consideration
of executivebusiness. That is absolution. Itis
a resolve. In the very words used in the report
of this committee we resolve to proceed to the
consideration of executive business. And so we
resolve ourselves into a court ofimpeachment;
that is, we simply proceed to that branch of
the business, which is in the nature of ajudicial
function, imposed upon us by the Constitution
as a Senate. It does seem to me that this is
only a question of taste, whether we shall use
high-sounding words, such as indicate the char-
acter of our duty, or use simpler forms of
expression.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not particular about
it; but I am a liitle fond of the old forms.
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator will permit me
to make a suggestion, by the third rule it would
seem as if the committee intended to make a
distinction between the Senate and the court,
because immediately after providing that the
Senate shall resolve itself into a high court of
impeachment, the committee proceed to say:
"A quortim of the Senate shall constitute a
qtiorum of the court." Nowthereconld be no
necessity for such a provision as that, if, in the
mind of the committee, it was the Senate and
nothing but the Senate, because the quorum
of the Senate would of course remain the same.
Mr. HOWARD. To make the worst of that
language cited by the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, itis mere surplusage. It does no
harm. It does not alter anything. The Con-
stitution clothes us with all our powers. We
cannot change our political functions or capaci-
ties by any language which we may use.
Mr. FOWLER. I suggest to the Senator
that the word "high'.' at least should be omit-
ted. These high-sounding words are entirely
unnecessary and hollow. I, for one, dislike
them very much.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the term "high"
will be retained.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I am no
lawyer; but I have some reverence for the
forms of the law, and I think the term which
is used here, "the high court of impeach-
ment," is appropriate. It is the highest court
in the land, certainly the highest court known
to our Government, because it has the power
to take from the highest officer of the country
the office which the people have given him.
'The people have given to this court higher
power than they have given to any other court
under the Constitution. The term might have
been left out without harm ; but it is there, and
why should we change it? When you talk
about the Senate acting as a court and as a
senatorial body for legislation, it seems to
me we make no difference more than we do
when we go from ordinary legislative business
into an executive session. In the one case we
go into a court with the highest law officer of
the Government in the chair; he, to be sure,
having no power but that of a sort of modera-
tor of a meeting, and in the other case we
only close the doors and direct that everybody
shall be cleared from the galleries and lob-
bies of the Senate. Sir, this is an important
duty that we have to perform, and I would
throw about it all the solemnity possible,-
whether it affects only the imagination or
whether it affects the intellect of men. I can
see no use in changing this at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from New York has read from the Journal
of the trial of Chase to show that the Journal
does not use the term " court" in some parts
of its formation, if 1 may use such a term, and
he accuses the Secretary of the Senate, who-
ever he was then—some misguided man—of
interpolating into the Journal without any-
body's authority the designation that the court
went by, "high court of impeachment." Now,
I assume that even in those old limes the
Journal of the day's proceedings was always
read at the opening of the next day's session,
either of the court, if you call it such, or of
the Senate. I assume, therefore, that what-
ever appeared in the Journals of the Senate at
that time met with the acquiescence of the
body, to say the least, even in the mere form
of the Journal, in the description of the func-
tions that the Senate was called upon to per-
form. Therefore, I felt justified in saying that
we were fortified upon the precedent of that
case ; and I stand by it yet.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will allow
me to say that I took issue with him upon the
assertion that the precedents were that the
Senate resolved itself into a high court of im-
peachment, not upon the proposition that on the
Journal those words were entered. I inquired
of him whether he affirmed that; and there I
took issue with him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, then, if I under-
stand my friend from New York, his trouble
is, on the word "resolving" gurselves into
a court. We will not cavil about the woid
"high" just now. Wo come, then, upon that
point to 18S0, when Judge Peck, of Missouri,
was put upon his trial, when the Senate had
for its members such men as Bell, Chase,
Clayton, Frelinghuysen, Seymour, Adams, Ben-
ton, Webster, Livingston, Woodbury, and the
worthies of that period who have made our
politics and our jurisprudence famous. In the
proceedings at that time I find this apparently
in the form of a resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. On what page?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Page 282: '
"Reached, That at twelve o'clock to-morrow the
Sent&o will resolve itself into a court of impeach-
ment, at which time the following oath or affirmation
shall bo administered by the Secretary to the Presi-
dent of the Senate, and by him to each member of
the Senate." * * * * "Which court
of impeachment, being thus formed, will, at the time
aforesaid, receive the managers," <fce.
That appears, if I can understand the force
of language, to have been a resolution of the
body. I iind on the next day, or whatever
day it was, the same gentleman who was the
chairman of the committee who reported the
rules and regulations for that trial—and on
that committee I may say was Mr. Webster
among others—Mr. Tazewell made this propo-
sition 
Mr. JOHNSON. Who was the chairman?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. Tazewell, of Vir-
ginia, was the chairman; Mr. Webster was
another of the members, and I think Mr.
Bell; but I am not quite sure of that. " The
Senate resolved itself into a high court of
impeachment, and after some time spent
therein," as stated in the record, they gave
up that business and went to something else.
Mr. CONKLING. from what is the Sena-
tor reading ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am reading from what
is entitled on the top of the page the "Jour-
nal of the Senate, May 5, 1830.'' It is enti-
tled on the back, "Senate Journal First Ses
sion Twenty-First Congress, 1829 to 1833s
office Secretary of the Senate."
Mr. JOHNSON. Peek's case?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yos, sir. Therefore, Mr.
President, we have, after the light of the trial
of Chase and Blount, and I do not know but
of Pickering before that—but no matter, when
this contested trial of Peck came up in a
Senate that was composed of men as eminent,
as careful, and as conservative as any that the
nation has ever seen, we have a precedent
which appears to justify precisely what we
now do.
A word as to the merit of it, because I. do
not wish to weary the patience of the Senate.
We resolve ourselves—"resolve" merely
means a decision of the Senate ; we decide—
we resolve ourselves into a court, the rule
says. It is still ourselves. We do not, as the
argument of Senators would seem to imply,
dissolve ourselves and take up some other
being aud nature ; but we merely change the ex-
ercise ot the functions that we are performing,
inasmuch as our functions are various, and
proceed upon entiiely distinct aud different
principles.
Mr. PERRY. Will the Senator permit me
to ask why, then, do you provide that "a quo-
rum of the Senate shall constitute a quorum
®f the court?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not material to
this question, Mr. President; but I will answer
iny friend as well as I can. The Constitution
says merely, that when sitting for the trial of
an impeachment, under an oath, and when in
a certain case the standing organization of the
Senate is given up and a new organization by
a different presiding officer takes place, a cer-
tain judgment shall be had only on the votes
of two thirds of the members present. It does
not declare on that point anything as to what
shall be the number of persons present of
whom two thirds shall constitute a sufficient
number to convict. Therefore, as a matter
of meie precaution—I confess 1 did not think
it necessary; and to get the rest of the com-
mittee out oT this scrape that they seem, iu
the judgment of some of themselves, to have
got into^ I will acknowledge that I ara the
author of this article—as a mutter of extreme
precaution, to save debate and cavil at any
time upon a point that might be made, although
