140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
If the bond should be found to set out different
terms it would be simply so far void. It makes
no difference what was promised by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury or his agents in negotiat-
ing the loan. It makes no difference what
Senators and membert of Congress said before,
during, or after the passage of the act. Con-
gress can only speak by enactment, and no
other department of Government can speak
authoritatively on this subject at all. There-
fore the contract is to be found upon the statute-
books, and it is to be construed according to
the rules of law.
Now what was the contract? The enact-
ment on which the loan is based, the second
and third sections of the act of February 25,
18G2, simply authorizes the borrowing of so
much money at a given rate of interest and for
a specified time. It says nothing about the
kind of money in which either interest or prin-
cipal shall be paid. There is no room for any
o ther inference, then, than the legal one, that the
whole was to be in the lawful money of the
country, and what that is the lender must look
to the laws of the country to find out.
It is an attribute of sovereignty to coin money
and to make it a legal tender for the payment
of debts. This power has been exercised by
all Governments, sometimes to the great injury
of their subjects or citizens. The particular
policy has often and justly been complained
of, but thje right has never been denied. It was
in the exercise of this power that our own Gov-
ernment, in adjusting the relative values of gold
and silver coins, long ago cut down the latter
about one ninth of its former value, and thus
compelled creditors to take in full payment
about eight ninths of their just claims.
What, then, is the lawful money of the coun-
try ? By the laws as they now stand we have
two kinds, gold coin of a certain weight and
fineness for the payment of duties upon im-
ports and interest upon the public debt, and
paper promises for the payment of all other
debts and obligations, public and private.
It makes no difference in the legal rights of
these parties that this new kind of money was
adopted before they loaned to the Govern-
ment, and was the very kind of money which
they did loan to the Government; but it takes
from them all cause of complaint upon the
score of fairness. If we had borrowed when
gold was the only lawful money, and had after-
ward created a different species of less value
to pay in, we might have been accused of foul
dealing, though in doing so we would only
have followed the repeated example of Gov-
ernments older than ours, and of much greater
pretensions.
Can the creditor complain that he had no
notice of the new money when the very act
that authorized the loan created the new
money? Can he complain that he had no no-
tice when he loaned the new money, every note
of which told him in language he could not mis-
take that he must take all his pay in it except
the interest ? He hoped the new money would
soon be as good as coin, but he knew that it
might not be. In taking the bond he took that
risk, and, as I will show, he took the bond at
a rate which fully paid him for the risk. He
is disappointed, but all other creditors, public
and private, are also disappointed, and he is
entitled to no especial consideration or com-
miseration.
Much has been said here and elsewhere about
the bad faith of paying the principal of the
live-twenty bonds in currency. But there are
two sides to this question. If this Government
owes the money in gold it should pay it in gold ;
if it owes it in currency it should pay it in cur-
rency. It is just as bad faith to pay the money
of the people to those who are not entitled to
it as to refuse to pay it to those who are. We
administer this money as trustees, and bad
■ faith toward the cestui que trust is worse, if dif-
ferent at all, than bad faith toward a stranger.
Let us look at the question squarely. Now I
admit the agents of the Government who ne-
gotiated the loan promised thfe lenders that the
principal should be paid in gold. I admit that
the chief one of them, Mr. Jay Cooke, in a
letter which was published at the time, even
went so far as to say that Congress had already
made provision for the payment of the princi-
pal in gold. Strange that nobody else was
ever able to find the provision! It is not pre-
tended that these agents had legal power to
vary the contract, but it is said that Congress,
the only body authorized to bind the Govern-
ment in the premises, acquiesced in the decla-
i ration of these agents by silence. Truly a
novel mode of binding the Government to pay
money! Hardly even an ingenious inventioa
, in the way of legislation. But was Congress
I silent? It had already spoken in the enact-
1 ment that authorized the loan. It is constantly
! speaking in that enactment, published as it is
! to the world and made legal and binding, and
j continuing notice to everybody. More than
that j Congress circulated far and wide on the
back of every legal-tender note issued its notice
, that the principal of these bonds was to be paid
in currency, and its caution to everybody not
I to believe the false promises of these agents.
I Now, I would very much regret to believe
] that the holders of these bonds took them under
a misapprehension that the Government had
| bound itself to pay the principal in gold. But
I did they do so? Were they deceived, or rather
i did they not know that these agents were hired
to sell the bonds for a commission upon the
amount sold? And did they not, therefore,
rather look upon those promises and declara-
tions as upon those of any other vender of
commodities.
Now, I propose to show that these creditors
have not been deceived. I propose to do this,
not by their words—for a man's words are not
always to be implicitly relied on in matters
touching his interest—but by their acts—acts
committed under a balance of interest, repeated
so frequently,and continued through such length
of time as will eliminate all material error.
What I propose to show is, that the original
holders of the loan took it as one the principal
of which was to be paid in currency, and that
the loan has since that time passed from hand
to hand in the markets of the country and
abroad, and is at this time passing as one the
principal of which is to be paid in eurrency.
The bonds which are now maturing at the
option of the Government were issued pursu-
ant to the act of February 25, 1862. They
were made payable in five years, though not
demandable until the expiration of twenty.
This was the act which created the new money,
the legal-tender notes, called currency to dis-
tinguish them from coiuj though with no great
propriety. The loan, amounting to $514,780,-
500, was all taken in currency and at par. I do
not remember at what date after the passage
of the act the negotiation began, probably
about July I, 1862. Up to June 30, 1863,
$108,880,250 had been negotiated. An addi-
tional amount of §341,900,250 was negotiated
during the year ending June 30, 18tJ4, and
the remaining $4,000,000 during the following
thirteen months.
Now, during the year ending June 30, 1803,
the average price of gold was $137 83, and as
the interest was payable in coin the average
rate of interest at which the loan was taken
during that year was $8 27 per. $100. This
was the rate which the lenders had a right to
expect, but the rate actually received for that
year was still more. The average price of
gold in the November and May following, when
the interest was payable, was $1G3 75, so that
the rate actually received for that year was
$9 82 per $100. And all this, too, was over
and above all taxation except the small pit-
tance of income tax, amounting to but five or
I six cents per $100 of loan.
j The average price of gold during the year
j ending June 30, 1864", the year in which nearly
i all the remainder of the loan was taken, was
j $158.08. The rate of intererest, therefore,
! which the parties had a right to expect was
i $9 48J, and the rate actually received, gov-
! erned by the average price of gold in Novem-
j ber and May of that year, was $9 78$.
If the advocates of this claim of the five-
twenty bond-holders are to be believed, here
was a contract under which the Government
borrowed $100 at an average rate of $9 08 per
annum, with a promise to pay $151 33 at the
maturity of the bond if the currency system
should continue the same, and with no possi-
bility of loss if it should not.
Now, sir, bear in mind that during all this
time there was the usual amount of borrowing
and loaning going on in the community at six
per cent, for permanent loans, payable, both
interest and principal, in currency; loans which
were subject to United States, State, and muni-
cipal taxation to more than twenty times the
amount of income tax on the public bonds.
Were the people afraid to trust the Govern-
ment? Why, it could purchase in the markets
on time on the same terms with individuals.
All its promises to pay in currency passed on
even more favorable terms than the average
similar ones of individuals. Its gold certi-
ficates, which were promises to pay gold, always
passed for about the price of gold. More than
all this, the public faith in the Government
fulfilling its promises to the letter was tested
and proved by placing the seven-thirty notes
in the market side by side with these bonds.
The notes bore a less rate of interest than the
bonds. They were avowedly payable, principal
and interest, in currency. Yet they were taken
at par and with great avidity. You will say
they were convertible into the bonds. True;
a,nd this might make them as good as the bonds,
j! butno better. Yetthey were taken in preference
to the bonds, and difficulty was experienced in
inducing the holders to part with them for the
bonds.
Upon this branch of the argument, there-
fore, we have the facts that the original hold-
ers paid for the bonds in currency; they took
1 them at a price which could only be justified
| i upon the hypothesis that the principal was to
!j be paid in currency; they had before them
j| the acts of Congress which expressly told them
! [ that the principal was to be paid in currency;
they took them at the same rate and side by
side with the obligations of the Government
known to be payable in currency and bearing
a less rate of interest, and finally the gold cer-
tificates of the Government always sold in the
same market for the price of gold. If after
all this anybody will say that those original
holders believed the Government to be bound
to pay the principal in gold at maturity he will
exhibit less faith in the intelligence of the bond-
holders than I have.
I verily believe that the original takers of
the loan expected the principal to be paid in
gold or its equivalent, because it was then the
general opinion that we would return to specie
payments before the maturity of the bonds.
But the same expectation was indulged in by
all those who made long loans, public or pri-
vate, and the Government is no more respon-
sible for the disappointment in the one case
than in the other. They took the risk, and at
least the public creditors have been well paid
for taking it.
I will now proceed to show that the present
holders of the bonds, those who are passing
them from hand to hand in the markets of the
country and abroad, buy, sell, and hold them
as bonds, the principal of which is to be paid
in currency at maturity, and that nobody would
be as much surprised as these very holders by
the announcement that the Government was
about to pay them in gold. The data upon
which I rely is drawn from the transactions of
these holders and dealers. I assume that they
are men of intelligence, competent to calculate
the value of their particular commodity, and
that the sale prices as reported fluctuate around
or rather oscillate alternately past the actual
value as calculated. I take the transactions
of 1866 in preference to those of 1867, partly
because I can get the entire year, partly be-
cause the tendency toward prostration of busi-
ness during the present year may have affected
the data, and lastly, because the very discus-
sion of the question has probably raised the
