2548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
May 21,
subject, and that width of barges to a steam-
boat was never proved yet. i do not know
but that they^could make them one hundred
and fifty feet in width by tying enough of them
together; but I have known a number of con-
tested cases of this kindj-and they have not yet
fofc up to one hundred and fifty feefc in width.
hey never pretended it in those cases where
the trouble originated, in Iowa. The Senator
will find that if he attempts to pass a general
law applicable to all these rivers he will be met
with this difficulty, that in some places it is
impracticable, it will prevent the bridging of
the river at all, and in other places the gen-
eral law will not be adapted to the wants of
the railway company. 1 have no objection to
the reference of the subject to the committee,
but the Senator will find it impossible to pass
through such a bill if the committee shall
report it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise, Mr. President,
to a question of privilege.
Mr. POMEROY. Let this matter be re-
ferred to the committee.
Mr. MORTON. I want to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I think
that the Senator from Kansas, perhaps, is
laboring under some misapprehension in re-
gard to the exact idea which I endeavored to
bring before the Senate. I should like to
know, in the first place, what ho means by
saying that a span of three hundred and
twenty, feet cannot be sustained with piers.
The Steubenville bridge is a pier bridge, not
a suspension bridge, and that has a span of
three hundred and twenty feet. Many other
bridges that have a span of three hundred and
twenty feet are pier bridges simply. There is
no difficulty in combining the suspension and
the truss. I happen to have here the plan of
the bridge at St. Louis, which is now being
constructed, which is a pier bridge with three
piers in the river, and each span is five hun-
dred and eighteen feet in length.
Mr. POMEROY. A suspension bridge ?
Mr. MORTON. It is a combination of the
two, and it turns out not to be more costly
than the ordinary truss bridge with a span of
three hundred feet.
Mr. POMEROY. I said by combining the
two it could be done.
Mr. MORTON. There is no difficulty in the
combination. Mr. President, it is true that you
cannot build bridges across the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers at every point anyhow. There
must be favorable ground upon each side, or
else you would have to build a bridge right on
the surface of the river that would cut off the
navigation at once. The ground must be favor-
able. I do not ask a general law to be passed
in regard to the navigation of small rivers,
where they employ boats of a small class, and
where_ the tow system is not in use, but I am
speaking of two great rivers, the upper Missis-
sippi and the Ohio. It will be found that the
character of the two streams is about the same,
and that the character of the navigation is about
tbe same, and that a system of bridges which
is good for one is good for the other.
Now. _Mr. President, I want the committee
to examine this whole question. I want them
to sendfor engineers, for persons of skill, and
ascertain what can be done to protect the rail-
road interest and extend it, and at the same
time protect the navigation of these great rivers.
It is a matter of the first importance to all the
northwestern States, and legislation should be
brought about before this Congress adjourns.
Ten bridges are authorized; the building of
some of them is about to commence, and it is
important that this action be taken before they
commence building those bridges. The injury
to the navigation of the upper Mississippi by
the bridges already authorized would be incal-
culable, amounting, in fact, to its destruction.
I ask now to have the resolution adopted and
the papers referred to the committee.
The resolution was agreed to.
HOUSE BILiS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were severally read by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 1099) for the relief of
Wait Talcott;
A bill (H. R. No. 433) for the relief of
Palernon John; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1063) for the relief of
Henry Barricklow.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew my motion,
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. The Sena-
tor from Iowa made a motion that Fridays be
set aside for the consideration of District busi-
ness, which, I suppose, is pressing. That was
notagreedto; itwasobjected to ; butitshows
that there is business to be done. I really hope
the Senate will not agree to this motion. I do
not see the object of adjourning over Friday
and Saturday. We hare already had a two
days' adjournment over this week.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit it to the vote of
the Senate, Mr. President.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT PRIVILEGE.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I rise
to what 1 regard a question of privilege. It is
one that concerns not only myself equally with
every member of this body, but it concerns the
Senate itself.
On Saturday last after a vote had been taken
in the court of impeachment on the eleventh
articlc, and the members of the House had
retired to their own Chamber, one of the man-
agers offered and the House adopted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Whereas information has comfi to file managers
which seems to them to furnish probable cause to
believe that improper or corrupt means havo been
used to influence the determination of the Senate upon
tile articles of impeachment exhibited to the Senate
by the House of Representatives against the Presi-
dent of the United States: Therefore,
-Be it resolved, That for the further and more effi-
cient prosecution of the impeachment of the Presi-
dent the managers bo directed and instructed to
summon and examine witnesses under oath, to send
for persons and papers, to employ a stenographer,
and to appoint sub-committees to take testimony, the
expenses thereof to be paid from the contingent fund
of the House.
It was advocated by its mover, one of the
managers, on the ground that base and cor-
rupt motives had determined the judgment of
the Senate ; and another one of the managers
being asked during a debate on Monday last
in the House if he would have Senators per-
jure themselves, replied that "perjury would
not hurt them much."
On Tuesday, the 19th instant, I received the
following notice from the managers:
Fortieth Congress United States.
House of Representatives,
Washington, D. 0., May 10,1868.
Sir: A question has arisen in the course of our
investigation wherein your testimony will tend to
instruct the IIouso of Representatives and aid its
inquiry.
Will you do the committee of managers the cour-
tesy to attend at the earliest possibio moment at the
Judiciary Committee-room of the House, where they
are in waiting to receive you.
By direction of the managers.
Your obedient servant,
B. D. WHITNEY, Clerk.
Hon. J. B. Henderson.
To which I replied as follows—the reply not
beiug delivered, however, till the next morning:
Washington City, May, 1868.
Gentlemen: Yours of this date is received. You
say " a question has arisen in the course of our in-
vestigations wherein your (my) testimony will tend
to instruct the House of Representatives and aid its
inquiry," and thereupon you request my early attend-
ance before the managers as a witness.
This request, I take it, is intended to answer tho
purposes of a subpoena, and is issued under authority
of a resolution adopted by the House on Saturday
last in the following words, to wit.
I have already read the resolution.
A prosecution by impeachment against the Presi-
dent 13 set on foot, and now when the evidence and
arguments have been fully submitted and tho Senate
as a court is deliberating on its judgment a second
prosecution is instituted against the Senate itself.
Whatever may bo the purpose of this inquisition—
and I use the word in no offensive sense—it is, in my
judgment, not only a direct insult to the body of
which I am a member, but a proceeding of most dan-
gerous tendency in the future. A largo part of our
proceedings has been conducted in secret, the man-
agers, counsel, and reporters being excluded. If a
member of the court can now, before the rendition
of judgment, be withdrawn from consultation and
subjected to the inquisition of the prosecutors, that
inquisition may reach to all proceedings, and thus
subvert the dignity and independence of the Senate.
If it be to purge corruption from the Senate, the Sen-
ate is the proper body to guard and protect its own
honor.
Personally. I have no objection to appearing and
testifying: before you to ail matterswithiu my knowl-
edge on the subject of impeaohment. And were I to
l-etuse, I know a new shower of calumny, base and
grievous enough already, would certainly bo poured
upon me. But in my judgment this proceeding rises
above personal considerations. It coneorns public
justice and affects the character, honor, and dignity
of the Senate.
I am enaged to appear before another committee
of your body to-day, and on the meeting of the Sen-
ate to-morrow I shall submit this question for its
consideration and be governed accordingly.
Yours, respeotfully, J. B. HENDERSON.
To the managers of impeachment on the part of the
House of Representatives.
The Senate will observe that I make no ob-
jection as an individual to appearing and tes-
tifying^m any and all matters within my knowl-
edg^on this subject of impeachment. If in
th>r midst of the unreasonable and unreasoning
excitement heretofore prevailing, but now hap-
pily subsiding, I should avail myself of any
personal right or privilege to decline or refuse
an examination, 1 am well aware that my re-
fusal would be accepted by many as conclusive
evidence of the truth of all imputations con-
tained in every irrelevant or impertinent ques-
tion that ingenuity could devise. As I have
stated in the letter read, the falsehood and cal-
umny heaped upon a few of us in the progress
of this proceeding have surely been sufficient
to pain our friends and to gratify our worst
enemies. For us personally it would be better
that the conduct of all Senators from the origin
of this proceeding down to its consummation
should bo subjected to the most thorough ex-
amination—even the most inquisitive scrutiny.
So far as I am concerned, it is proper for
me in this connection to say that I have already
been subjected to this scrutiny. On Monday
last a resolution was adopted by the House of
Representatives in the following words, to wit
Whereas the following letter has been written and
addressed by sevon members of this House to one
of tho Senators of the United States:
Washington, May 12,1868.
Sik: On a consultation of the Republican mem-
bers of the House of Representatives from -Missouri,
iu view of your position on the impeachment articles,
wp ask you to withhold your vote on any article upon
which you cannot vote affirmatively. This request
is made because .wo believe the safety of tho loyal
people oi the United States demands the immediate
removal of Andrew Johnson from the office of Pres-
ident of the United States.
Respectfully, GEORGE W. ANDERSON.
WILLIAM A. PILE,
C. A. NEWCOMB,
JOSEPH W. MeCLURG,
BENJAMIN F. LOAN,
' JOHN E. BENJAMIN.
JOSEPH J. GRAVELY.
Hon. John B. Henderson, United States Senate.
and whereas it is alleged that a noinbination of the
Representatives atorcsuid has been entered into to
improperly influence the Senator aforesaid in his
judgment and decision in tho impeachment now
pending and undetermined in the Senate: There-
fore,
hesolved, That a, select committee of jive be ap-
pointed to investigate all the circumstances con-
nected with the writing of said letter, whether tho
same was written to corrupt or improperly influence
tho judgment and decision of said Senator, and to
report what action the IIouso ought, to taki1 with
reference thereto, and that said committee be au-
tnorizea to send for persons and papers, that tliev be
authorized to sit during the sessions of the House,
and that the committee be instructed to report with-
out unnecessary delay and at any time.
According to notice given I appeared on
yesterday before thecommittee appointed under
this resolution, and after stating all the facts
connected with the subject-matter of inquiry
embraced in its terms, interrogatories were pro-
pounded and answered touching conversations
and consultations between other Senators and
nijselt on the subject of impeachment. I
irankiy answered also all questions propounded
