1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
40th Cong-....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. 03? Reps.
sented as fully and as clearly as he was able to
do his views upon the subject of the currency
and the necessity of action for the purpose of
bringing about a return to specie payments.
The views thus presented by him were approved
by the House of Representatives on the 8th of
December, 18G5, by the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolution, by the decisive vote of 144
to 6:
'* Revolved, That this House cordially concurs in
the views of the Secretary of the Treasury in relation
to the necessity of a contraction of the currcncy,
■with a view to as early a resumption of specic pay-
ments as the business interests of the country will
permit; and we hereby pledge cooperative action to
this end as speedily as practicable."
Among the views thus emphatically indorsed
were the following:
"The right of Congress, at all times, to borrow
money and to issue obligations for loans in such form
as may be convenient is unquestionable; but their
authority to issue obligations for a circulating me-
dium as money, and to mako these obligations a
lesal tender, can only be found in the unwritten law
which sanctions whatever the representatives of tho
people, whose duty it is to maintain the Government
against its enemies, may consider in a great emer-
gency necessary to be done. The present legal-tender
acts were war measures, and, while the repeal of
those provisions which made the United States
notes lawful money is not now recommended, the
Secretary is of the opinion that they ought not to
remain in force one day longer than shall be neces-
sary to enable the people to prepare for a return to
the constitutional currency.
" The reasons which are sometimes urged in favor
of United States notes as a permanent currcncy arc
tho saving of interest and their perfect safety and
uniform value.
"The objections to such a policy are, that the
paper circulation of tho country should be flexible,
increasing and decreasing according to the require-
ments of legitimate business, while, if furnished by
the Government, it would be quite likely to be gov-
erned by the necessities of the Treasury or the in-
terest of parties rather than the demands of com-
merce and trade. Besides, a permanent Government
currcncy would bo greatly in the way of public econ-
omy, and would give to tho party in possession of
the Government a power which it might be under
strong temptation to use for othei purposes than the
public good—keeping the question of the currency
constantly before the people as a political question,
than which tew things would be more injurious to
business,
"While, therefore, the Secretary is of the opinion
that the immediate repeal of the legal-tender provis-
ions of the acts referred to would be unwise, as being
likely to affect injuriously the legitimate business of
the country, upon the prosperity of which depend the
welfare of the people and the revenues which arc
necessary for the maintenance of the national credit,
and unjust to the holders of tho notes, ho is of the
opinion tnat not only these provisions, but the acts
also, should be regarded as only temporary, and that
tho work of retiring the notes which have been issued
under them should be commenced without delay, and
carefully and persistently continued until all are
retired,
"The rapidity with which the Government notes
can be withdrawn will depend upon the ability of
the Secretary to dispose of securities. The influences
of funding upon the money market will sufficiently
prevent their too rapid withdrawal. The Secretary,
however, believes that a decided movement toward
it contiaotion of the currency is not only a public
necessity, hut J hat it will speedily dissipate the ap-
prehension which very generally exists that the effect,
of such a policy must necessauly be to make money
scarcc and to diminish the prosperity of the country.
It is a well-established fact, which has not escaped
the attcution of all intelligent observers, that the
demand for money inci eases (.by reason of an advance
of prices) with the supply, and that this demand is
not unfrequently most pressing when the volume of
currency is the largest and inflation has rcached the
culminating point. Money being an unprofitable
article to hold, very little is withheld from active use,
and in proportion to its increase prices advance; on
the other hand, a reduction of it reduces prices, and
as prices are reduced the demand for it tails off; so
that, paradoxical as it may seem, a diminution of the
cuncncy may in fact increase the supply of it.
"Nor need there beany apprehension that a reduc-
tion of the currency—unless it bea violent one—will
injuriously affect real prosperity. Labor is the great
source of national wealth, and industry invariably
declines on an inflated currency."
After discussing this subject at considerable
length, sustaining his views by a reference to
the experience of the country under previous
inflations of the currency, the Secretary con-
cludes his remarks as follows:
"Every consideration, therefore, that has been
brought to the mind of the Secretary confirms the
correctness of the views ho has presented. If tho
business of the country rested upon a stable basis, or
if credits could be kept from being still further in-
creased, there would be less occasion for solicitude
Dn this subject. But such is not tho fact. Business
is not in a healthy condition; it is speculative, fever-
ish, uncertain. Every day that contraction is de-
ferred increases the difficulty of preventing a finan-
cial collapse. Prices and credits will not remain as
they are. The tide will either recede or advance,
and it will not recede without the cxcrcisc of the
controlling power of Congress."
These views were not only approved by the
House of Representatives, but they seemed at
the time to be heartily responded to by the
people. By the aet of April 12, 1866, the
Secretary was authorized to receive Treasury
notes and other obligations of the Govern-
ment, whether bearing interest or not, in ex-
change for bonds, with a proviso that of Uni-
ted States notes not more than §10,000,000
should be canceled within six months from the
passage of the act, and thereafter not more
than §4,000,000 in any one month. This pro-
viso, while it fixed a limit to the amount of
notes which should be retired per month, so
far from indicating an abandonment of the
policy of contraction, confirmed and estab-
lished it. To this policy (although for reasons
that seemed to him to be judicious the regular
monthly reduction has not always been made)
the action of the Secretary has been conformed,
and the cffcct of it has been so salutary, and
the continuation of it would be so obviously
wise, that he would not consider it necessary
to say one word in its favor were there not in-
dications that, under the teachings of the ad-
vocates of a large and consequently a depre-
ciated currency, such views are being incul-
cated as, if not corrected, may lead to its
abandonment.
Money is simply a medium of exchange and
measure of value. As a medium it facilitates
exchanges, and by doing this necessarily stim-
ulates production. It does not follow, however,
that exchanges are facilitated and production
stimulated in proportion to its increase. It is
a measure of value, but it does not necessarily
create values. It is an indispensable agent in
trade between individuals, and in commerce
between nations; the great incentive to enter-
prise and labor in the wide range of human
energy and skill; but, great as is its power, and
essential as it is to the progress of the race in
civilization and refinement, there are limits be-
yond which its volume cannot be extended
without a diminution of its usefulness. A certain
amount is required for facilitating exchanges
and determining values. The exact amount in-
quired cannot of course be accurately determ-
ined, but the excess or deficiency of money in
a country is always pretty accurately indicated
by the condition of its industry and trade. In all
countries there is just as much money needed
as will encourage enterprise, give employment
to labor, and furnish the means for a ready ex-
change of property, and no more. Whenever
the amount in circulation exceeds the amount
required for these purposes, the fact will
become apparent by a decline of industry, an
advance of prices, and a tendency to specula-
tion. Especially will this be the case when an
irredeemable currency becomes the standard
of value by being made a legal tender. Coin,"
being the circulating medium of the world,
flows from one country to another in obedience
to the law of trade, which prevents it from
becoming anywhere, for any considerable
period, excessive in amount; when this law is
not interfered with by legislation, the evils of
an excessive currency are corrected by the law
itself. An increase of money beyond what is
needed for the purposes above named, accord-
ing to all experience, not only inflates prices,
but diminishes labor ; and coin, as a conse-
quence, flows from the country in which the
excess exists to some other where labor is more
active and prices are lower : to flow back again
when the loss by one country and the gain by
another produce the natural results upon indus
try and production. Thus coin is not only tho
regulator of commerce but the great stimula-
tor of industry and enterprise.
The same maybe said of a convertible paper
currency, which, by being convertible, will not
for any considerable period be excessive; but
it is rarely if ever true of an inconvertible cur-
rency, which is necessarily local, and would not
be likely to be inconvertible if it were not ex-
cessive, and by being excessive and inconvert-
ible is fluctuating and uncertain in value. The
only possible exception to this rule would be
found in the limitation of the amount in circu-
lation to what might be absolutely required in
the payment and disbursement of the public
revenues. Nomatterwhat laws maybe enacted
to give credit and value to it, an irredeemable
currency must, unless limited as above stated,
always be a depreciated currency. The attempt
to give value to paper promises by making them
lawful money is not original with the United
States. The experiment has been tried by
other nations, and generally with the same
injurious if not disastrous results. Indeed,
with rare exceptions, nations that have com-
menced the direct issue of paper money have
continued to issue it until prevented by its
utter worthlessness. There may be no dan-
ger that this will be true of the United States;
but there will always be ground for apprehen-
sion as long as an irredeemable and depreci-
ated currency is not regarded as an evil—an
evil to bo tolerated only so long as may be
necessary to retire it without great derange-
ment of legitimate business. Inconvertible
and depreciated lawful money is an agreeable
but demoralizing deception. It is agreeable
because it is plentiful, and because it deludes
by the creation of apparent wealth. It is de-
moralizing by familiarifing the public mind
with dishonored obligations. The prices of
most kinds of property in the United States
advanced near three fold during the war, but
this advance was mainly the result of the in-
crease of the circulating medium, and in real-
ity only indicated its depreciation. The pur-
chasing power of the money in circulation was
diminished in the ratio that its volume was in-
creased. The farmer, for example, received
three dollars a bushel for his wheat, but, ex-
cept for the payment of debts, these three'dol-
lars were of no more value to him than one
dollar was before the suspension of specie
payments.
The same was true of other kinds of property
and other labor. The advance, except so far
as it was the result of an increased demand,
was apparent onlyand unreal. Thesame cause
is sustaining prices at the present time, and
will continue to do so as long as the cause
exists, but the advantages resulting from it are
merely imaginary, while the evils are positive
and actual. No sane man supposes that his
own wealth, or the wealth of the nation, is
increased by the depreciation of the standard
by which it is measured. If the paper circula-
tion of the United States should be doubled
during the next year, and the prices of prop-
erty should be likewise doubled, would it be
imagined that the real value of property would
be thus advanced? Or, if the paper currency
should, during the same period, be reduced
fifty per cent., and prices of property should
decline correspondingly, would it follow that
the real valuo of property would thustdecline ?
In the one case the value of the currency would
be reduced in proportion to its increase in
amount; in the other the currency would be
increased in value as it w^s diminished in
amount. The increase or decrease of prices
would, if no counteracting causes intervened,
be the natural result of the increase or decrease
of the measure of value, while real values
remained unchanged.
The United States notes were made a legal
tender and lawful money because it was thought
that this character was necessary to secure their
currency. By reference to the first debates of
Congress upon the subject it_ will be noticed
that those who advocated their issue justified
themselves on the ground of necessity. No
one who spoke in favor of the measure favored
it upon principle or hesitated to express his
