1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1525
i
I agree there would be nothing in it, I intro-
duced those words out of abundant precaution.
Mr. FOWLER. You are speaking of the
third article
>Ir. EDMUNDS, Yes; I am speaking on
the point of what shall be a quorum of the court.
Now we resolve ourselves into a court. It is
still the Senate ; but, as I said before, where it is
spoken of in the rules all through it is the Sen-
ate sitting in the capacity of a judicial tribunal;
and in that capacity the Constitution clearly
intends that it shall sit. It is not exercising
the ordinary functions of a political or legisla-
tive body, although it is the same body; it is
plain when it commences the trial of an im-
peachment, but puts on a special, judicial, im-
partial character, and every man is called upon
to swear that sitting in that character, exercis-
ing those judicial functions, he will act as a
judge, which implies all that is just and fair
and deliberate and impartial; and having thus
clothed himself with that character, he, with
his fellows, is to give a judgment, in the very
language of the Constitution. Is it not, there-
fore, in all essential respects, while it is still
the same body, exercising a special and differ-
ent function from the general function that
belongs to the body? And may we not prop-
erly say, in order to define the line of time and
distinction between that when we are exercis-
ing legislative functions and that when we exer-
cise judicial ones, that we resolve ourselves
in'. > a court ivIumi the oath again operates upon
us, and we proceed in a character that is as
different from our legislative character as it is
lble fur any character to be. But, sir, I
uve already occupied too much of the time
ot the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to prolong
this debate, but 1 beg the attention ot .Senators
for one moment. The Senator from Vermont
rends from the Journal of the Senate at the
first session of the Congiess during which J udge
Peck was impeached and tried. In May, 18;S(),
proceedings were commenced, and tin: whole
mutter went over until the loth day of Decem-
ber, which was the second Monday of the
second session. I have here the Journal of
that day and thence onward, and from this I
read. I repeat again, asking Senators to look
at it, that on every occasion, every day when
the trial win taken up, it was taken up by mere
proclamation; that there was no motion and
no order resolving the Senate into a court or
into anything else ; but that proclamation was
made, ami then the trial went on.
Mr. HOWARD. What was the business
■which they took up on proclamation?
Mr. CON'Kl.lX(i. The trial iKeil*. Here is
the Journal. Every day, without any motion or
order resolving the Semite into anything——
Mr. HOWARD. What was the pioclaiua-
tion ?
Mr. CONKLING. The proclamation ap-
pears liifcreiilially to have been that which
nad been employed in the first instance, and
that we have prescribed and transcribed here,
which all persons  ere commanded to keep
silence, &e.
Mr. SHERMAN'. Was it not done on a
motion ?
Mr. CONKLING. Upon no motion, as ap-
pears by the Journal, whatever. The entry is
simply:
"Thecourt having been opened by proclamation."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think perhaps llie Jour-
nal does not show the entire proceedings. I
have the proceedings here as they are recorded
in the debates in Congress, and I find this, if
the Senator wiil allow me to read it.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the date?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Monday. December 13,
1830, on the impeachment of Judge Peck.
After stating some proceedings it proceeds as
follows:
'Attwelvo o'clock tho court of impeachment for
toe trial of JikIeto Peek, of Missouri, was opened in
duo form by piocluuiation of tho marshal ot the iJis-
trict ot Columbia. Tho Senators weio arranged oil
two sets of benches covered with green cloth, to the
riaht and Ictt o! the chair occupied by the President
of the senate.
On motion of Mr. "VToodbury, the Secretary wag
ordered to inform the House of Representatives thafc
the senate bad organized itself into a court of im-
peachment for the trial of James H. Peek, judge of
the district court of the United States for the district
ot 31i^ouri,and were ready to proceed with the trial,
and that seats were prepared," &c.
Mr. CONKLING. That brings us precisely
to the point. Here is tho Journal, the record
on which the resolution itself appears; not a
description or statement of the resolution, but
the resolution itself in hcec verba. Now, let
us see what it is:
"Monday, December 13.1830.
"On motion by Mr. Woodbury.
' Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that tho Senate are in their public
Lnamber, and are ready to proceed on the trial of the
impcaehnicnt ot Jumctfll. Peek, jud?e of the district
court of the I mtcd States tor the district of Missouri,
and that scats arc piovided lor tho accommodation
of the members."
There is the resolution on the Journal—in
i, other words, the authentic official record. Is
ji there any doubt what it is? A reporter, in
11 giving an account of what took place, has
i, stated his understanding or impression, but
11 the resolution itself is the test, and I have
j, read the whole of it.
j1 But, Mr. President, I want to bring this
i1 matter to still another test. If Senators will
| take the trouble to look at the rules now pro-
I posed they will find certain forms of writs of
j diflerent kinds.
II Here is one:
,, " \ nil and each "f you are hereby commanded to
II appear bclure thoscaateot theUuitedStates, sitting
I j jus a high court ut' impeachment."
Ij Again, in the form of summons:
ji "The senate ot the United States, bitting as ahigh
j court of impeachment."
H This is * o far hauulcss that as a member of
j the committee I agreed to report it, but it is
ji innovation. The ancient forms have no such
|l thins?. These wouls are introduced now for
jj the first time, as far as I know.
|| ileie are the lorma in the trial of Judge
ij Chase, in 1^0 t :
!| "\ou, thr .said  , aro therefore hereby sum-
ji mount to ho and appear befor'o tho Senate of the
|i I'mii-d Mates of America at their Chamber 111 Wash-
ingum."
m The requisition is to appear before the Sen-
|| ate, and that only.
II It will be found that every one of the old
|j forms follows this. Here is one:
(i "You. , are therefore hereby vsuramoned to be
; and appear I > do re i he Senate ot the I; ailed States at
I tbu'ir v. hamurr m t hi- t/iiy ot Washington."
j Here is the form of subpiena:
j "You, and oaeh of you. arc hereby commanded to
h appear beloie t no the .senate ot (lie United States
1 on the d:iv ot  , a? the MMiate Chamber, in
the en> ot U a-iiui^rtoii, liu-n and there to testily
{j your knowledge m the cause which is before tho
jl Senate," kVe.
I' When those rules were reprinted in 18C2 (I
have the reprint here) the same old form was
l| observed : and we find, for the first time in the
rules now presented, the proposition that wit-
!| nesscs and parties are to appear before the
j, " high " court for the trial of '• impeachment."
' I should ):;iu' preferred the old forms, but I
jj can \ote for those proposed if we are not to be
ij asked to go further st'.il in planting a new sys-
| tein. But the arguments we hear do go much
ij further. If it is all a mere matter of phraseol-
ij ogy. and that only, it is of little consequence;
jl but if it is, as I think, a matter of substance,
|| involving consequences of some consideration,
|| we may as well see to it that we commit our-
Ij selves to 110 untenable or doubtful doctrine.
i| Mr. FERRY. 1 understand that in the order
of business we have passed through the first,
second, and third sections, and are now upon
the fourth; and yet this whole discussion has
taken place upon the third section. As I
understood the action of the Senate when "we
resolved to proceed to the consideration of the
report article by article, the articles were to be
gone through in committee, such suggestions
made as might be presented by Senators, and
upon the report of the committee to the Senate
■I amendments to bo offered. If I understood
njrhtiv. I should propose 110 amendment now.
I! But I am satisfied that there is something more
than mere form in the distinction which is taken
here. I am satisfied tlfltt, upon this report as
it now stands, taking it together, there is mat-
ter of substance in the question before the
Senate; and, therefore, if the third section were
now before the Senate I should propose an
amendment; but as it is not before the Senate,
and we are considering the fourth properly, I
will merely give notice that when the matter is
reported from the committee to the Senate I
shall, unless some other Senator shall do it,
move an amendment which will, I think, avoid
the difficulty into which the report as it now
stands might bring the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The under-
standing of the Chair is, that the order made
by the Senate was that the articles were to be
read consecutively, no vote being taken upon
them, and were to be opeu to amendment at
any time after they had been read. The mo-
tion of the Senator would be in order, if the
Chair apprehends the matter correctly. _
Mr. FERRY. My first motion would be
applicable to the whole report: that in the
designation of this court the word "high' be
stricken out -wherever it occurs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut moves that the word
'•high," wherever it occurs in connection with
thephrase "court of impeachment," be stricken
out.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will not be
done.
The question being put, there were ayea
fifteen. ,
Mr. POMEROY". I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion. I think we shall hardly
be able to obtain a quorum otherwise.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is the intention of
the Senator to strike out the words "high
court," and leave the proceedings to be had
simply before the Senate, as a Senator I really
have no objection to striking out those words.
I can find nothing to justify the_ idea that we
are a court at all. The Constitution simply
says that the Senate shall have sole charge of
impeachment, and when sitting for that pur-
pose, inacertaincontingency, the Chief Justice
shall preside ; but we shall be sitting as a Sen-
ate, I apprehend. 1 adopted and concurred
in this form in committee, because it was a
sort of precedent that had come down to us
along with the rules, and I did not want to
make any change unless there was some reason
for it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator if the Senate can convict anybody or
render any judgment in its legislative capacity?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not say it is acting
in its legislative capacity.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does it not necessarily
follow when the Constitution confers upon the
Senate the power to convict a person and
render a judgment, that it devolves upon it
such capacities as make it a court?
Mr. POMEROY. Thejudicial capacity, I ap-
prehend, applies to the same persons sitting in
a Senate as well as under any other name. The
power is derived from the Constitution, and
if the Constitution says the Senate may have it,
the Senate have it. To change the phraseology
and call them a court does not give them any
new power. I repeat, I voted in committee
for these rules with the words " high court of
impeachment" because there was precedent
for them, and because I did not want to change
a word or a letter 011 account of this pending
trial that has been alluded to, unless it was
necessary. I wanted to show, if possible, that
we were preserving all the old forms, and ad-
hering to every form and rule that had ever
been adopted, so that there should be not only
an apparent, but a real evidence of fairness aud
impartiality.
Mr. BAYARD. These words, as a mere
matter of form, I think are proper. I.',n®
care whether the word "high" is retaine
not. The question as I view it is, unjder
r.-inaHhit;,™ ia tlinrn lint. 1L COUl't in fact State I,
Constitution is there not a court
no matter what the name of it is
? The Con-
