1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2549
in reference to the conduct of Chief Justice
Chase, the reported organization of a new party,
the rumors of new Cabinet appointments, re-
ported presidential pledges of protection to
what is foolishly termed Conservative Senators,
dinner-table talk with friends, and even my
own private opinions.
I disclosed all that I knew on these subjects,
and it is, perhaps, enough to say that my knowl-
edge of the facts referred to scarcely extends
beyond the every-day rumors of the public
press. And I remember now nothing more
than I have already stated before one commit-
tee. That committee was a lawful committee,
appointed for a lawful purpose—the investi-
gation of the conduct of its own members by
the House. It is true its duties were confined
to that one purpose. Its jurisdiction extended
no further. I fully knew my rights when be-
fore it, but lest my motives might be misunder-
stood or impugned I answered fully every ques-
tioned asked, and only entered my protest when
the examination had been closed.
I refer to this thing to show that I cannot
be actuated by any personal considerations in
calling the attention of the Senate to this other
extraordinary proceeding. If I were called
before the managers I could only repeat what
I have already stated, and what I am willing
to state anywhere, and what I shall often re-
peat before those who, at least in my opinion,
try with even-handed justice not only Presi-
dents, but Senators and Congressmen.
I object to the present proceeding, first, be-
cause it originates under a resolution which in
its language is a direct, insult to the Senate as
a body—an insult which it must now meet and
resent or tamely submit in the future to that
just contempt and ignominy which must follow
from a base surrender of its dignity and its
privileges; second, because it assumes control
over the conduct of members of the Senate
and takes from its custody and jurisdiction,
which, in my judgment, is exclusive, an ex-
amination into the private character and integ-
rity of its members; and third, it takes from
the consultation room, before the conclusion
of the trial, a judge and a juror and subjects
him to a secret inquisition, not before a com-
mittee appointed under the rules of parlia-
mentary law, but before the prosecutors, to
testify, perhaps, to what may have transpired
in secret session of the Senate and even to
what he may have thought and done. If this
right be granted the member maybe impris-
oned for contempt and removed beyond the
jurisdiction of the court, thereby depriving
him of his right further to consult with his col-
leagues or to cast his vote 011 the final decision.
1 therefore submit this matter to the Senate,
confidently believing the time has come when
it should vindicate its own honor and independ-
ence as a body as well as the manhood and
salf-rcspect of its members. Whatever may
be your decision I shall respect it. If the mi-
nority of the Senate is to be left thus defense-
less we shall submit still further. But if not
only our private consultations, but our most
secret thoughts are to be scrutinized and
dragged before the public under the tortures
of an inquisition based on temporary frenzy,
harsh and cruel as that which in past days
sought, tho blood of the heretic and dissenter, I
shall not murmur. But remember this humil-
iation once permitted may hereafter visit your-
selves. Whatsoever ye would that men
should do to you, do ye even so to them, for
this is the law and the prophets." We have
differed with the majority in this great pro-
ceeding. Against the purity of their motives
not one of us is yet so base as to breathe in-
sinuation. We love not the President nor his
policy, but we hope we love the country. In
our judgment the defeat of this proceeding on
the articles, as presented, will yet redound to
the honor and glory of that country. If we
are mistaken, it is, at least, we trust, an hon-
est delusion, and we cherish it with all the
ardor of truthful devotion.
And now, Mr. President, it is my duty to
say that siace these remarks were prepared a
paper from the managers has been placed in
my hands, which the Clerk will read, and I
will leave this matter entirely with the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C„ May 20,1868.
Sib: The managers have the honor to acknowl-
edge your communication of lyth instant in answer
to their request, which was not intended to serve the
purpose of a subpoena, but as a courteous intimation
to you that you could aid them in the investigation
with which they have been charged.
If it had occurred to them to speculate upon the
topic they would have supposed you might do them
the justico to believe that they would have asked no
question indecorous or improper, certainly not as to
any thing which occurred in the secret sessions of the
Senate. They were not aware at the time they sent
their note to you that the Senato was in session for
"deliberation on its judgment" or otherwise, and
they also believed that if they so far transgressed the
limits 01 propriety as to make any inquiry which you
deemed improper you would certainly have tho effi-
cient remedy of declining to answer.
Accepting the theory of your note, that you are a
judge, they do not pcrceivo on that account any
objection to your answering as to matters pertinent
in a further prosecution of the respondent on trial
before the Senate for other and different offenses,
because it is well known among lawyers that 111 both
civil and criminal trials the presiding judge may be,
and, when occasion requires, is, sworn as a witness
in tho very easo then pending.
Jurors, in like manner, are called from their seats
and sworn during the trial; and either, during tho
adjournment of the court, might legally and prop-
erly bo called before a grand jury to give evidence
on which to find an indictment against the prisoner
at the bar for other and different offenses.
They bring these considerations to your notice in
order that, seeing the theory upon which they have
acted, you will acquit them of any discourtesy either
personal to yourself or to.the honorable Senate.
Without indicating any opinion upon the question
whether a Senator is liable to examination as a wit-
ness before a committee of the House, they desire to
add that they did not intend to assert such claim
in their communication to you of 19;h instant. They
had no purpose other than to avail themselves of
your knowledge of facts, if agrecabto to you, to give
them the benefit of your knowledge, to aid them in
puisuit of justice and right.
J5y direction of the managers.
Your obedient servant, _ .
B. D. WHITNEY, Clerk.
Hon. J. B. Henderson.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that tho Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment to enable me
to make a single remark.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will
renew it, I will do so.
Mr. POMEROY. I will yield the floor to
the Senator from Michigan after I have made
my remarks, and he can renew it if he desires
to do so.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; Iwithdrawit.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to say, in a single
word, that I received the same kind of invi-
tation from the managers that has been received
by the Senator from Missouri. I*bbeyed it; I
gave my testimony; and I did not know that
I had been insulted, or that the Senate had
been.
Mr. SUMNEU. I desire to add that though
I have not received a formal notice, nor have
I been before the managers, I was told by one
of the managers that they would expect me to
testify to certain matters they understood were
within my knowledge. I confess that 1 had no
sensibility 011 the question. 1 did not feel that
the character of the Senate or my own char-
acter was involved because the managers pro-
posed to examine me in order to ierret out
corruption.
I also was aware of the rules of the Senate.
I have them in my hand, and here is one re-
lating to impeachments:
"If a Senator is called as a witness he shall he
sworn and give his testimony standing m his place."
Therefore, by the rules of the Senate, a Sen-
ator may be called as a witness.
Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. HENDERSON.
That is in the court.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I do not follow
out the rale. The question raised by the Sen-
ator from Missouri is whether, being allowable
to be called as a witness in the case, the man-
agers are shut out from those powers—not to
say prerogatives—which belong to them with
regard to other persons who may be witnesses.
I believe that it is usual for them in advance
to confer -with the witnesses or to examine
them in order to ascertain whether it may be
desirable to present them as witnesses. In the
case which is before us, knowiug as we do from
public report that it is among the possibilities
that a further article of impeachment may be
exhibited against the President, it does seem
to me a work of superfluity at least, which I
cannot comprehend, that any Senator should,
seek to throw in its way the dignity of the Sen-
ate or any claims of its own. Sir, let justice
have a free course and take its way. The way
of justice cannot be stopped. Technicalities
are out of place; they do not belong to a case
like this, especially when the managers, through
their resolution, have declared to the House the
nature of the offense which they seek to ferret
out.
Sir. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not feel
my sensibilities as a Senator at all wounded by
the invitation which is sent to the Senator from
Missouii. But a suggestion fell from the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] some time
since, and a resolution was submitted upon it,
•which interests me. I conceive that the man-
agers of the House ©f Representatives may
invite any Senator before them for the purpose
of getting information, or call on him, or a
committee of the House perhaps might sub-
poena him as a witness, and yet not touch the
honor of the Senate. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has made a suggestion of a different
kind. He has offered a resolution by which he
proposes to ascertain the truth or the falsity of
such a statement, and that resolution I should
be glad to see the Senate take up and adopt,
and give him the committee and enable him to
give us and the country and the world, if the
world care to listen, the facts; and so I ask
the Seriate to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, now lying on tho table.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate now proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDM UNDS. Let the resolution be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Whereas there is reason to believe that some per-
sons have been, and are, engaged in violating the
rights and privileges of the Senate by the use of
threats, intimidation, and other unlawful and im-
proper means toward its members to constrain them
in their consideration, action, and judgment i  tho
matter of the articles of impeachment against the
President of the United States, now pending before
the Senate as a court of impeachment: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That a committeeof thlee, to bo
chosen by tho Senate, do proceed to inquire into the
facts of such imputed threats, intimidation, and
other unlawful aud improper means aforesaid, and
tho names of the pel-sous, if any, using, or that have
used, tliem; aud that said committee have power to
send for persons andpapeis, to take evidence, em-
ploy a stenographer, aud report tho facts to the
Sonate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the ho -
orable Senator from Kentucky whether it would
not be better to strike out the words "to be
chosen by the Senate," and to substitute the
words "to be appointed by the Chair," in the
ordinary way.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that
modification of the resolution, and will so
modify it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the resolution will
pass; and 1 hope the committee appointed by
the Chair—it is three, I believe—will be three
Senators 
Mr. JOHNSON. That is for the Chair to
decide.
Mr. SUMNER.
don.
Mr. JOHNSON.
decide.
Mr. SUMNER.
I beg the Senator's par-
That is for the Chair to
    The Senator will excuse
me. I am expressing an opinion in advance.
I hope that they may be three Senators who
are already 011 the record as having voted
" not guilty'1 for the President of the United
States. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Chair receives
its instructions now, and I suppose will obey
them!
