2550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May "21 j
Mr. SUMNER. T hope the Chair will.
Mi-. HARLAN. 1, shall not vote against
the resolution ; bat, so far as ray knowledge
extends, the recitation that precedes the reso-
lution is not true. There may be reason to
believe this; but I know of no such reason. 1
know of no fact that justifies such an allegation.
I do remember, it is true, that the attorneys
for the President threatened Senators, as I
thought, with the fate of the accusers of Daniel,
if they should vote against the President; but
I supposed that that was a mere flourish of
rhetoric. I did not believe that they intended
really to liave us thrown into a lion's den or
afflicted in any such severe manner if on our
conscieneesweshouldvotedifleiently from their
judgment of what was required by the law and
the testimony. There may have been such loose
remarks as these dropped by gentlemen outside
of this prosecution and outside of the Senate
Chamber; but that anybody has seriously at-
tempted to intimidate a Senator I do not believe.
I oannot believe it from any facts that have
come to my knowledge. Therefore I hope that
the language used in the preamble of the reso-
lution will be modified.
Mr. DRAKE. I take it for granted that the
houorable Senator from Kentucky does not
expect the Senate to adopt this resolution with
the preamble affirming that there is good rea-
son to believe this thing, unless he first states
to us the grounds upon which he desires the
Senate to affirm that fact. It may be that the
honorable Senator from Kentucky knows mat-
ters which, when he comes to state thein to the
Senate, may induce the Senate to adopt the
resolution with the preamble as it is. Of
course it is the privilege of the Senator from
Kentucky to sustain his resolution and to state
his knowledge to the Senate, and then we shall
be able to judge whether we ought to adopt
the resolution with that preamble.
Mr. DAVIS., I have no objection to a change
of the phraseology of the preamble or of the
resolution itself, or that it should have nn pre-
amble. However, on the suggestion of gen-
tlemen, I will ask leave to modify the pream-
ble so as to read, " Whereas it is represented
that," instead of "Whereas there is reason to
believe that." I suppose that will be satis-
factory.
Mr. HARLAN. That would be satisfactory
to me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pre-
amble to the resolution will be so moditied.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a single word in
relation to that resolution. It is a mere reso-
lution ol inquiry; and if it should turn out
upon investigation that there is no foundation
whatever for it I shall certainly be veiy much
gratified, i Uust there is none. In offering
the resolution it was not expected by ine that
I should be a member of the committee. I do
not desire to be a member of that committee.
I do not think that I ought to be, having pre-
sented the resolution; and I trust that the
President of the Senate will appoint some other
gentleman who could more fitly serve upon the
committee and with more ability than myself.
I trust that the Chair will receive the sugges-
tion that I now make in the earnest spirit in
which it is made, and will not think of appoint-
ing me a member of that committee.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I regret the
introduction of this resolution at this time. I
regret the adoption by the House of Repre-
sentatives of the resolution which was read by
the Senator from Missouri. I cannot but feel
that the preamble to that resolution is in dero-
gation of the privileges of the Senate, because
that preamble sets forth distinctly that there is
probable cause to believe that evil or corrupt
influences have been employed to affect the
action of the Senate in its judgment upon arti-
cles of impeachment prelerred before it; and
it is my opinion that if the managers of the
impeachment had any facts warranting an alle-
gation of that kind m the preamble of a reso-
lution of inquiry they should have been sub-
mitted to the Senate, and the Senate called
upon to preserve its own purity and dignity.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend from Con-
necticut permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMONDS. Suppose the fact the,
managers had ascertained to have been that
some official of the Government, a person sub-
ject to impeachment, had approached Senators
with offers of bribes which the Senators le-
fused to receive, would it not have been proper
for the House of Representatives to make an
inquiry with a view to the punishment of these
persons?
Mr. FERRY. Then I think it would have
been proper for the House of Representatives
to pass a resolution of inquiry setting forth the
fact that an officer of the (J-ovornmcnt had
attempted to commit an impeachable offense.
But this resolution is a declaration that the
Senate has been controlled by corrupt motives
and corrupt influences.
Several Sexatouk. No ! no !
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. FERRY. I ask for the reading of the
preamble to the resolution which was read by
the Senator from Missouri. Let us see what
the preamble is.
Mr. HENDERSON. I gave the letter to
the reporter. The reporter has it.
Mr. FERRY. The preamble to that reso-
lution states that there is probable cause to
believe that corrupt influences have operated
upon the Senate. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. HENDERSON. Influenced the judg-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Have been used to
influence." That is the language, I think.
Mr. CONKLING. The words arc, "have
been employed to influence the determination
of the Senate"—that they have been employed,
not that they have been effectuated.
Mr. SUMNER. " Used" is the word.
Mr. FERRY. Well, sir, it seo.ms to me to
be a distinction without a difference. I do
think, and have thought from the beginning,
that, if probable cause for such a charge as that
existed it should have been brought to the
knowledge of the Senate, and the Senate left
to act upon it; and I must say that I, as a Sen-
ator, had I been requested, with the utmost
courtesy, to appear before the managers ot
the impeachment upon a resolution based on
such a preamble as that, should have felt it
my duty as a Senator not to comply with the
request. Now, sir, we have before us, in the
midst of the trial of an impeachment, before
the final vote has been taken upon the great
mass of the articles of iinpeaehnumt, an in-
quiry as to influences or intimidations or men-
aces which-it is represented have been em-
ployed to influence the votes of Senators.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. FEKRY. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator know of
any constitutional method by which the Senate
can direct, the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives or prevent them from attending to
any branch of business they see fit?
Mr. FERRY. None whatever; but I do
know that the House cannot constitutionally
trench upon the privileges of the Senate; and
I do regard the resolution referred to by the
Senator from Missouri, under the preamble of
that resolution, as trenching upon the privi-
leges of the Senate. Other Senators differ from
me. Such is my view of the character of that
resolution.
Now, sir, the court of impeachment has ad-
journed until Tuesday next. We all exnect
and hope that on that day the final determina-
tion of that cause will be made by this body;
and after such final determination, it seems to
me, the appropriate time will come, if ever,
for such an investigation as is proposed by the
resolution before us. But, sir, ought we, upon
the resolution before us as it now stands, and
at this time, or at. any time, indeed, to appoint
such a committee ? It is represented that cer-
tain means have been used? By whom? Are
we, every time that a partisan newspaper casts
imputation upon the aotion of the Senate, to
appoint a committee of investigation to inquire
into the truth of such imputations? All that
there is before ns now is an averment.in th§
preamble to this resolution of inquiry that "it
is represented" that certain things have taken,
place.
But, sir, my main objection is to proceeding
with resolutions of this kind at all until the
trial has been brought to an end so far as the
articles of impeachment which are now pend-
ing before ns are concerned. Let us finish that
trial, record our judgment, and then if Sena-
tors have brought to their knowledge any sub-
stantial facts upon which a resolution of in-
quiry ought to be based, let us preserve the
purity and dignity of the Senate by an appro-
priate investigation ; but I dislike exceedingly
the interpolation of inquiries of this kind in
the midst of the trial, and when we are only
awaiting the day to pronounce our final judg-
ment.
With these views, in order, at any rate, that
my vote may be recorded in accordance with
my views on this subject, I move that the
further consideration of the resolution be post-
poned to this day week.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the great
question, if there is any great question about
this matter, is, what does the resolution adopted
by the House of Representatives, or said to
have been adopted there, (because we have no
official information on the subject, the House
has not communicated to us any such inform-
ation and we have not asked any,) mean?
When it was introduced into this body three
or four days ago I exhausted the small amount
of parliamentary ingenuity that I possessed to
exclude it from consideration here, because it
appeared to me to be a new thing in the line
of courtesy, as well as legislation, for us to be
reviewing any resolution that the House of
Representatives had adopted in respect to the
government of its own affairs and the instruc-
tion of its own committees, at least until we
should have sent to that body and invited them
to send us a copy of it, if we thought, unoffi-
cially, that it infringed our privileges. But
I was not successful; and, therefore, by the
order of the Senate, acting through the Chair,
the resolution was spread upon our records;
and now that we have it here the question is,
what does it mean?
My friend from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry]
supposes it to mean a reflection upon Senators,
and as having for its object some proceeding
against Senators. If my friend is right about
that, I should agree with him entirely in the
conclusions to which he comes. If, on the
other hand, it means only that the House of
Representatives have reason to believe that
the very person who is being tried has been
using means to influence tuot successfully,
necessarily, by any means) the determination
of the Senate, then I say that it is a peifdctiy
proper subject for the House of Representa-
tives^ to inquire into in this very impeachment;
and if they discover that the President of cue
United States, or any agent of hi.-,, has even
approached a Senator improperly, to file another
article and try the question before the Somite
again, whether that is within the constitutional
prerogatives^ of the President of rim United
States. I take it, no Senator will disagree v, ith
me, it that is tee fair meaning ot the investiga-
tion that the House of Representatives set°)U
foot. Now let us see whether it is or not. Here
it is:
Whereas information has come to the managers
\; hieh seems to dictate furnish mobabk- i;iu<v o l>e-
Itcye that improper or eon apt means have been il^ed
to influence the determination ot the tsmute upon
ot ""heaehment exhibited to the Se.i.sio
Ui the House ot kepresentatives ai;,ua t the i'l evi-
dent of tne United State: 'i'hcrefoie.
i -iolvefl, in at tor the ton lor an-i niori1 efH-
th™.1,°CUtlou "/ H'-0 '"'t^aimment ot the Presi-
dent the nnuiJKei-s be directed and instructed tosura-
examine witnesses under out'o, r. send t'er
KS Pai'i'ra, to employ a steuoaxni'lier. a ad
o = rUmm,lUoes 10 take ivsumon.Y. ttia
fund ot the iiouse.'° Pa'd W tke
Now, can any true, intelligent men, taking
lat resolution all together, differ {'airly an to
