3574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
the expense. Then, again, this superintendent
whom we have provided for the appointment
of will, we hope and expect, cut off the abuses
that from ignorance have crept into the man-
agement of these institutions, so that my friend
from Maine, [Mr. Momiill,] who is upon the ^
Committee of Commerce, who has devoted a j
good deal of time to this subject, is of the opin- I
ion, and so ami, that $100,000 would be enough, i
1 therefore proposed to reduce the appropria-
tion from $250,000 to $100,000. 1 think so
yet; but perhaps it would be as well to put in
§150,000, because it will not be expended un-
less needed.
Mr. SUMNER. I would not give a dollar
too much, but I am anxious not to give a dol-
lar too little.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is better to let it go.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; on the assur-
ance of the Senator I will say nothing further.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator ironi
Michigan, to strike out $250,000 and insert
$150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The ques-
tion now recurs on striking out the clause as
amended.
Mr. HOWE. I think that is a step in the
right direction. I think you have made §100.000
this morning, and if you agree to the amend-
ment reported by the committee you will make
£>100,000 more.
Mr. SUMNER. And hurt the sailors.
Mr. HOWE. You have not hurt a sailor,
and you will not hint a bailor by striking out
the appropriation. That there is any interest
of humanity subserved by this appropriation 1
do not believe j and the evidence of that is that
humanity did not sufl'erforalmostlialf acentury
before you ever made an appropriation of the
kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How do you know that?
Mr. HOWE. I never knew humanity to
suffer in any direction that I did not hear of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You did not live in
tho.se days.
Mr. HOWE. I lived in a part of those days;
I was born before 1846, and you never made
an appropriation but once before 1846.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because there was 110
deficiency.
Mr. HOWE. Because there was no defi-
ciency, the Senator says ; and he is entirely
right, and there was no suffering. If you do
not make any appropriation this year there
still will not bo any deficiency. It is a re-
markable fact that these appropriations for
marine hospitals arc always expended. The
Senator asked the question just now how much
of the last year's appropriation was expended.
1 did not answer ; but 1 can tell him now that
I presume all the appropriation was expended
that was made. I presume it was all expended,
for tracing those appropriations up to 1865,
whore 1 stopped, 1 noticed this remarkable
fact, that there never was a deficiency in the
appropriation, and never was any surplus.
They made clean work of it all the time.
I was not entirely accurate in my statement
as to the origin of these appropriations or as
to the date when they commenced. 1 stated
before that they commenced in 1837. They
did commence in 1837, because that year
Congress suspended the collection of the twenty
cents per month from the sailors, and made
an appropriation of $150,000 m lieu of it. It
suspended that collection for only one year;
and made an appropriation of $150,000 for
one year. The next year the twenty cents
were collected and no appropriation was made
by Congie^s, and none was asked for; and
noiK' was asked for in 1839, and none was made,
and none was asked in 1810, nor in 1841,
1S42, lb-15, 181-1, or 1845, but in 184C—the
Senas or fiom Maine can tell me whether that
was a year of remarkable depression in the
commercial marine—in 1840, while the tax was
being collected from the sailors, there was an
appiopnatiou of ^i!5.00! to supply deficiencies
in the fund for sick ami Utsa^'ed seamen. 1 he
Senator from Maryland was mistaken in sup-
posing that we had made this appropriation
every year since 1815. I cannot find a syllable
, of an appropriation until 1840, except the one
! that was made in 1837, and that was made in
lieu of the tax which had theretofore and has
been since that time collected off the seamen.
Mr. JOHNSON._ What I intended to say
was that appropriations had been made where
ever found necessary. Perhaps there was not
a deficit before the time mentioned; but the
moment the deficit appeared we made an ap-
propriation to meet it.
Mr. HOWE. My impression is that they
made the appropriation a good while before
the deficit appeared. In 1847 there was an
appropriation of §12,000 for this samepurpose.
In 18-18 there was an appropriation of $12,000
for this purpose. In 1849 there was au appro-
priation of $15,000 for this purpose. In 1850
you have an appropriation of $"200,000. What
was that for? You had been building hospitals
from 1837 up to this time in all places where
you wanted a town and had not any, and places
where you wanted a commerce but had not any,
and you had taken no steps to build hospitals
where you had a commerce or where you had
a town except in the Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts ; I understand they have a hospital at
Chelsea. In 1850, I say, you appropriated
$200,000. That was " for a deficiency in the
fund to support sick and disabled seamen and
for furnishing hospitals at Paducali, Chicago,
Natchez, Napoleon, and St. Louis." The
appropriation was asked to furnish these five
j hospitals and to supply deliciencies in the fund
to support seamen ; ihey asked $200,000 and
got it, and having got a large sum once to
supply this deficiency in 1851 they came here
and asked for the, same identical sum to supply
deficiencies alone, $200,000, and the appropri-
ation was made. In 1852 they asked for $100,000
to supply deliciencies, and that, was made. In
1853, by some carelessness somewhere that I
have never heard an explanation of, or else
because it was a year of remarkable activity
and prosperity in the commercial marine, there
was no appropriation asked for and none made.
One would have supposed that the appropria-
tion next year should have been enormous, in
1854. I think it was enormous;_ but it was
not more than it was in 1851 ; it was just
$200,000. No deficiency asked for though
there was no appropriation made the year
before; but they took their regular $200,000,
and let by-gones be by-gones. In 1855 they
went up to $250,000. In 1857 they dropped
down to $150,000.
Mr. SUMNER. Was there nothing in 1856?
Mr. IIOWE. In 1856 it was $150,000; in
1857 itwas $150,000; in 1858 it was $150,000;
in 1859-it was $125,000: in 1800 it was
$175,000; in 1801 it was 200,000; in 1802 H
was $200,000; in 1803 it was $100,000; in
1864 and 1865 nothing either year.
I asked for an explanation why it was that
these seamen had been taken carc of from the
commencement of our merchant service up to
1846 without any appropriations from the Treas-
ury, except in one year, and the Senator from
Maine answers that it is because some years
the merchant marine is very prosperous; in
others it is unprosperous. He does not define
what he means by that. If it is prosperous
its prosperity is marked by some evidences.
If it is prosperous, I suppose, more seamen
are employed in that service ; and if there are
more seamen employed, they contribute a
larger fund,because there are twenty centsevery
month taken from every sailor. It is impossi-
ble, therefore, forme to see how the prosperity
or adversity of this branch of service can
i influence the sufficiency or insufficiency of that
I fund.
j It is admitted that great abuses have liere-
j tofore obtame'd in the disposition of this fund :
j but it is suggested that those abuses will all be
; corrected because the Senate has agreed to a
bill, and it is predicted the House will agree
I to a bill, which will do what? Which will pro-
i vide for the appointment of a superintendent
of marine hospitals. We have had a super-
intendent of marine hospitals ever since we
have had a hospital at all. It will be vesting
the same jurisdiction in another officerj that
is all. if you know that he will be a more
vigilant or a more capable officer than the one
who has had this superintendency from the
beginning, some of the abuses will be cor-
rected ; but I should like to be informed what
the evidence is, what the assurance 13 that he
will be either more capable or morehonest? Ihe
trouble with the past expenditure is, as it will
be with the future expenditure, that it is a fund
appropriated without any adequate provision
made directing the disposition of it, or without
any adequate accountability for the manner in
which it is appropriated.
I find that at some of these hospitals, a very
few of them, and those far from being the most
important, there are physicians and matrons
and stewards employed. I had a book here con-
taining a list of them. Somebody has appro-
priated it. I think not more than a dozen of
those hospitals have physicians appointed to
take charge of the seamen. One of those
hospitals is that at Galena. The Secretary of
the Treasury, or the collector, or somebody who
assumes to direct the disposal of the money,
pays a physician at the hospital in Galena $600
a year to take care of the sick at that hospital.
The Secretary of the Treasury reports that there
was one sick seaman admitted to that hospital
last j ear ; just one. 1 think the physician got
more than lie earned. That is only an instance,
only an item in the disposition of tlii3 fund;
and yet I suppose the Senate will believe that
if you do not make this appropriation right
along that physician and the others will lose
their salaries, and, losing their salaries, that
seaman or his first cousin who may stop at
Galena the next year will not be taken care of.
Sir, what is the justi-cation for this? The
Senator from Maine says that it is of national
importance that we should have a commerce.
I suppose it is if it is a commerce that will
take care of itself, but I do not think it is for
the national interest to beggar the Government
ill order to maintain a commerce. A com-
merce which will notsustain itself I do notthink
is good property; I am disposed to assign my
interest in it right off. I think we have a com-
merce that will sustain itself.
It is said that these sailors are thriftless,
irresponsible; that they will not take care of
themselves. Sir, they will never take care of
themselves, nor will any class of people take
care of themselves as long as you take care of
them. Tell them that they must stand up and
go alone and take care of themselves, and they
will do it. They are not thriftless men, they
are capable men; and put them upon their
individual responsibility, and they will meet
that, responsibility like other men, I stand
here and repudiate the whole idea that there is
any necessity of dandling these sailors and sea-
men in the lap of the nation. They are as
capable of taking care of themselves as other
laboring men are, and they are as willing to do
it, and they have done it. I am not the man
so credulous as to believe that of the thousands
you have appropriated to support sick and dis-
abled seamen they have ever been benefited
or bettered in their condition to the amount of
ten cents on the dollar of what you have ap-
propriated. They were taken care of for
almost half acentury, 1 tell you,out of theirown
pockets, out of the money they provided them-
selves, and they not only provided the money
themselves to take care of themselves, but, as
I have already told you, the fund accumulated
so that you abstracted from it $15,000 to build
a hospital at Chelsea, and you abstracted from
it $50,000 to constitute a fund to take care of
seamen employed in the Navy of the United
States. It is idle to tell me that they cannot
take care of themselves when they did it for
fifty years and furnished a fund out of which
the nation stole $50,000.
I do not believe thatany interest of humanity
is to be subserved by making this appropria-
tion, nor that any interest of humanity is to
