1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
40th Coxg....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
Ho. of Reps,
■which are needed to develop the slumbering
resources of the country? Let the paper dollar
truly represent the dollar in coin. Let men of
capital and enterprise feel that the currency
lias come, or is steadily coming to the '' hard-
pan" of specie, and there will be a stimulus
given to enterprise and labor which will banish
all complaints of a scarcity of money.
If, then, it bo admitted that the paper cir-
culation is excessive, the question arises why
should not the contraction be applied to the
notes of the national banks instead of the
United States notes, and thus a largo saving
of interest to the Government be effected?
This question has already been answered infer-
ential!}', but its importance requires that it
shall receive more definite consideration.
Prior to 18U3 the banking institutions of the
country, with the exception of the Bank of
the United States, were created by the States,
and were subject to State authority alone.
They were State institutions, over which the
General Government exercised no control.
The right of the States to create and to man-
age them had been so long conceded that no
interference with them by Congress, and no
decision of the courts adverse to the constitu-
tionality of their issues were apprehended.
Soon after the commencement of war it be-
came manifest that a system of internal taxa-
tion must be adopted for the support of the
Government and the maintenance of its credit,
and that this would involve the necessity of a
national currency of uniform value and un-
doubted solvency. To meet this necessity
(United States notes being then regarded as
only a temporary expedient) the national
banking system was created, not to destroy
the State banks nor injuriously to affect their
business, but to furnish through their agency
and that of now institutions which might be
organized under it a permanent national bank
note circulation. Had it been supposed that
the object of those who advocated the measure
was to bring the State banks under the control
of the Federal Government for the purpose of
destroying them, or that such would be its
effect, it would never have been adopted. No
such object was avowed or intended by its
friends, and no such effect was anticipated by
the banks. With that spirit of patriotism
which was so marked a characteristic of the
people of the North during the war, the stock-
holders of the State banks relinquished, at the
request of the Government, the greater privi-
leges possessed by them under State laws, and
in connection with the new banks organized
under the law became efficient aids in nego-
tiating the public loans and sustaining the pub-
lie credit. To all bunking systems under which
circulating notes are issued there are grave
objections, and if there were none in existence
in the United States the Secretary would hesi-
tate to recommend or to indorse even the most
perfect that has been devised.
The question now to be considered, however,
is not whether banks of issue should be created,
but whether the national banking system should
be sustained. In the present condition of the
country, and in view of the relations that the
national banks sustain to the Government
(ignoring in this connection the question of
good faith) the Secretary has no difficulty in
coming to the conclusion that they should be
sustained. They are so interwoven with all
branches of business, and are so directly con-
nected with the credit of the Government, that
they could not be destroy ed without precipitating
upon the country financial troubles which it is
now jr. nc condition to meet. At some more
propitious period, when the Union shall have
been fully restored, and all the States shall
have attained that substantial prosperity which
their great resources and the energy of their
people must sooner or later secure for them,
it may perhaps bo wise for Congress to consider
whether the national banking system may not
be dispensed with. The present is not a favor-
able time to consider this question. The con-
dition of our political and financial affairs is
too critical to justify any action that would
compel the national banks, or any considerable
number of them, to call in their loans and put
their bonds upon the market for the purpose
of providing the means of retiring their circu-
lation. Conservative legislation is now indis-
pensable. The public mind is too sensitive,
business is too unsteady, and the political
future is too uncertain to warrant any financial
experiments. Fortunately none are required.
'The national banking system has accomplished
all and more than was anticipated by its ad-
vocates. It has furnished a circulation, depre-
ciated it is true, like the United States notes,
but solvent beyond question, and current
throughout the Union. It has prevented bank
note panics and saved note holders from losses.
'It has aided in regulating domestic exchanges,
and furnished the Government with valuable
financial agents. Had it not been adopted State
banks would have continued, as long as they
were tolerated, to furnish tho country with
bank notes.
In most of the States banks were not re-
quired to deposit stock for the security of their
notes, and in those States where security was
required there was no limit to the amount of
bonds that might be deposited, and conse-
quently no limit to the amount of notes that
might be put in circulation. In other States1
there was no security beyond the capitals of
the banks, frequently unreal, and the partial
liability of stockholders generally deceptive.
Who can estimate the extent of the injury
which the people and the Government would
have sustained if State institutions, Avithout
any other restrictions than were enforced by
State laws, had been permitted during the war
to occupy the field? All having suspended
specie payments, and thereby been relieved
from the necessity of furnishing evidence of
solvency, banks unwisely or dishonestly man-
aged would have stood on a level with those
which were managed wisely and honestly.
While the latter would have found it difficult
to keep their issues within reasonable limits,
stimulated as they would have been to issue
freely, by the necessities of the Government
and the increasing demand for money, which
is always the result of an increased supply, the
former would have poured out their irredeem-
able promises until distrust created panic and
panic disaster. That the national banking sys-
tem, with its limited and secured circulation,
and its restricted provisions, by superseding
the State systems, has prevented a financial
crisis, there can bo but little doubt. For this
it is entitled to credit; and for this and for
other reasons suggested it should be sustained
until a better system shall be devised, or the
country is in a condition to dispense with banks
of issue altogether.
The arguments in favor of compelling tho
banks to retire their notes, and yielding the
field to the notes of the Government, are based
upon the supposition that if §300,000,000 of
United States notes were substituted for the
§300,000,000 of national bank notes now in
circulation the Government would save some
eighteen million dollars in interest which is
now a gratuity to the banks. That there would
be no such saving, nor any saving, by the
proposed substitution is clearly shown by the
Comptroller of the Currency in his accom-
panying report, to which the attention of Con-
gress is especially asked. If an account were
opened with the banks, and they were charged
with the interest on $300,000,000, and the losses
sustained through those that have failed, and
credited with the interest on the United States
notes held by them as a permanent reserve,
the taxes paid by them to the Government and
the States, and with a commission covering
only what has been saved in transferring and
disbursing public money, it would be aseeT*
tained that the banks were not debtors to the
United States. It is not necessary, however,
for the Secretary to dwell on this point, as his
main objection to the substitution would not
be removed if a saving of interest would be
effected by it. Regarding, as he does, thetsstte
of the United States notes in the first instance
as having been a misfortune, and their con-
tinuance as a circulating medium, unless tho
volume shall be steadily reduced, as fraught
with mischief, the Secretary can conceive of
no circumstances that would justify a further
issue.
These depreciated but legal-tender notes,
notwithstanding the reduction that has taken
place, still stand in the way of a return to specie
payments; a substitution of them for banknotes
would be regarded by him and by the country
as a declaration that resumption had been in-
definitely postponed. If those now outstanding
shall be retired at tho rate of only $4,000,000
per month, the amount in actual circulation will
soon be so reduced that they may not seriously
retard the restoration of the true measure of
value. If, on the contrary, under any pre-
tense, orfor any purpose whatever, their volume
should be increased, especially if they should
be made the solo paper circulation of the conn-
try, a false measure of value will be continued,
speculation will bo stimulated, industry will
decline, and the great risk be incurred that
financial health will only be obtained by a revul-
sion, the effect of which upon tho material
interests and credit of the country no one can
estimate. Such a revulsion the Secretary is
most anxious to prevent; and he therefore can-
not approve the proposition of substituting the
notes of tho United Stales for those of the
national banks, but recommends that the policy
of contraction be continued.
The apprehension that this policy will embar-
rass healthy trade isin his judgmentnnfounded.
Legitimate business has not, suffered by the
curtailment which has taken place within the
last two years, nor will it permanently suffer
by such a contraction, prudently enforced, as
may be necessary to bring the precious metals
again into circulation. What business requires
is a stable currency. What enterprise demands
is the assurance that it shall not be balked of
its just rewards by an unreliable measure of
value. It is frequently urged by those who
admit that tho currency is redundant, that the
country is not now in a condition to bear fur-
ther contraction ; that its growth will soon ren-
der contraction unnecessary; that business, if
left to itself, will rapidly increase to such an
extent as to require the $388,000,000 of United
States notes and fractional currency, and the
$300,000,000 of bank notes, now outstand-
ing, for its proper and needful accommoda-
tion. Nothing can be more fallacious than this
unfortunately popular idea. An irredeemable
currency is a financial disease which retards
growth instead of encouraging it; which stim-
ulates speculation but diminishes labor. A
healthy growth is to be secured by the removal
of the disease, and not by postponing the proper
treatment of it in the expectation that the vig-
orous constitution of the patient will eventually
overcome it.
The next subject to be considered, in con-
nection with the permanent resumption of
specie payments, is the maintenance of the
public faith, which involves the necessity of
wise and stable revenue laws, impartially and
rigorously enforced : economy in the public
expenditures; and a recognition of the obliga-
tion of the Government to pay its bonds in
accordance with the understanding under which
they were issued.
The remarks of the Secretary in this report
upon the subject of the public revenues must
necessarily be brief and general, fortunately
the accompanying reports of the commissioners
of tho revenue are so full and exhaustive as to
