494
SUPPLEMENT TO
removing certain civil officers, except upon
certain conditions, as the act of the preceding
yearprohibitedbim from removing military and
naval officers, except upon certain conditions.
The principles of the two acts are precisely
the same. The power to pass them must be
the same. There may be considerations of
expediency opposed to one which cannot be
urged against the other. But the President,
who approved the first act, so far as I know,
without hesitation, vetoed the second, upon
the ground of unconstitutionality. This will
be thought strange ; but it will not be thought
strange that Congress^ adhering to a principle
so often asserted in former acts, passed this
act by a majority of more than two thirds of
each House, the President's objections to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Upcm all these instances I conclude that the
constitutional power to remove from office can-
not be proved by the decisions of Congress.
Congress has never in terms affirmed its exist-
ence once. On the contrary, it has, as I have
shown, denied it repeatedly and explicitly. It
can as little bo proved by reference to the text
of the Constitution itself.
Those who, in the debate of 1780 or in sub-
sequent discussions, have ventured to seek for
this baleful authority in the text of the Con-
stitution have claimed to find the warrant for
it in the first section of the second article.
They assume that the power of removal is an
executive power, and therefore that it is con-
ferred upon the President by that section. The
terms of the section are these :
" The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of thoUnited State? of America."
In my judgment, the sole office of that clause
is to fix the style of the officer who is to possess
executive authority, and not to define his juris-
diction—to prescribe what the Executive shall
be called, and not what he may do. It seems
to bear the same relation to the executive
department that the first clausc of the first arti-
cle does to the legislative department, and the
first clause of the third article to the judicial
department. To ascertain what is executive
power we must examine other provisions of
the Constitution.
But when you have searched the Constitution
through you do not find this of removal from
oflice ('numerated among executive powers,
nor any other power like it. The one duty
charged upon the President which is most like,
or rather which is least unlike, the duty in
question, is this: "He shall take care that the
laws bo faithfully executed." He is not to
execute the laws, but to "take care that the
laws be" "executed." It is very little he can
lawfully do to execute them. If, because he
is charged to see that the laws are executed, he
may provide any one of the moans or methods
or instruments of their execution, he may pro-
vide all not otherwise expressly provided for.
If, because he is to see that the laws bo exe-
cuted, he may remove any officer who may be
employed in their execution, why should he
not select all officers to be employed? Why
not contrive and establish the offices they are
to fill? Why not define the duties they arc to
discharge—the parts they are severally to per-
form? Why not fix the compensation which
they may receive?
No one will pretend that either of these
powers belongs to the President, though each
one is as much executive in its nature as is the
power ol removal. No otliec not established
by the Constitution can be created but by an
act of Congress. Congress alone can determ-
ine the manner of filling it, define its duties,
and fix its emoluments. And yet it is strangely
claimed that when the legislative power has
done all this the executive power may prac-
tically defeat it all: not by abolishing the
office or changing the duties or the rate of
compensation, but by creating a vacancy in
the office whenever he chooses. And so his
duty to tee the faw faithfully executed is trans-
formed into a power absolutely to defeat the
whole purpose of the law. He is charged by
the Constitution to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed, and yet he cannot transfer an
old musket from one citizen to another with-
out making himself liable as a trespasser.
The President of the United States recently
commanded an army of more than a million of
men ; but with all that force at his command
he could not lawfully eject from his cabin the
humblest squatter on the public domain. Pos-
session is stronger, in the eye of the law, than
the President, and before that naked posses-
sion the Commander-in-Chief must halt, no
matter what the physical force he commands.
Only when the wrongfulness of that possession
has been determined by the judicial power
in a procedure prescribed by the legislative
power; not until the national precept has
issued, attested not by the President, but by a
judge, can that possession be disturbed. And
even that writ must be executed by the very
person to whom Congress requires it to be
directed. Whoever else attempts to serve it
is a trespasser, although it be the President
himself.
And yet it is strangely asserted that this
officer, who is so impotent to redress so pal-
pable a wrong, may, at his own pleasure, with-
out judicial inquiry, without writ, in a moment
by a command, in defiance of a statute, remove
from the duties, the labors, the honors and
emoluments of official position the army of
officers employed in the civil, the military, and
naval service of the United States, not because
the Constitution anywhere says he may do so,
but because the Constitution charges him with
the duty of seeing the laws faithfully executed.
This power of removal is, then, not vested
in the President by anything said in the Con-
stitution, nor by anything properly implied
from what is said. It seetns to me, on the
contrary, it is positively denied by the manifest
purpose of the Constitution. That manifest
purpose is that the principal offices shall be
held by those in whose appointment the Senate
has concurred. The plain declaration is that
"He (the President) shall nominate, and by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate appoint, embassadors," kc. But this pur-
pose may be wholly defeated if the President
have, by the Constitution, the unrestricted
power of removal; font is as plainly declared
that "the President shall lmve power to fill
all vacancies that may happen during the
recess of the Senate, by granting commissions
which shall expire at the end of their next
session."' If, then, the President has also the
power during the recess of the Senate to make*
vacancies at his pleasure by removal, his choice
is supreme and the Senate is voiceless. He is
only to remove all officers in whose appoint-
ment the Senate has concurred immediately
upon the adjournment of that body and com-
mission others in their places. They will hold
until the end of the next session. Just before
that event he must nominate again to the Sen-
ate the officers he removed, or some others
whom the Senate will confirm, and when the
Senate has confirmed them and adjourned the
President may again remove them all and
restore his favorites once more, to hold until
the end of another session, when the same
ceremony must be repeated.
A deed which should grant a house to "A"
and his heirs and to their use forever, but
should also declare that *'15"and his heirs
should forever occupy it free of rent, would
probably be held void for repugnancy. 1 do
not think the Constitution a nullity ; and so I
cuimot^concede that the President has in it a
power implied so clearly repugnant to a power
plainly declared to be in the Senate.
But it is urged that it is necessary to the-
well-being of the public service that the Presi-
dent should be clothed with this extraordinary
power. It is urged that unless he have it
unfaithful men may be obtruded upon the public
service, and it would take time to displace them.
It is true, incompetent or dishonest men may
get into the custom-houses or the marshalships.
It would be folly to deny that. And so dis-
honest men may get possession of other men's
property and refuse to make restitution; and
dishonest men may refuse to pay their just dues
on demand. I readily confess that some gov-
ernmental contrivance by which official posi-
tions could be instantly taken from unfaithful
hands and placed in faithful ones, and by which
all wrongs could be redressed and all rights
enforced, instantly, and without the necessity
of trial or deliberation or consultation, is a
desideratum. But the men who made our Con-
stitution did not provide any such contrivance.
I do not think they tried to. It seems to me
they studiously avoided all an eh effort. I think
they believed what the world's whole history
most impressively teaches: that, while the ad-
ministration of law is intrusted to fallible men,
deliberation is safer than expedition.
Absolute monarchies are the handiest of all
Governments for that very reason, because
they can execute justice and punish rascality so
promptly. But the men who made our Con-
stitution, looking back upon the experience of
a few thousand years, came to the conclusion
that absolute monarchs could just as promptly
execute injustice and punish goodness. They
resolved to discard the whole system. 1 am
not yet satisfied they were mistaken, and am
not, therefore, willing to see their decision
*eversed..
I readily concede that if we were sure the
President would always be an honest, wise,
unselfish, unprejudiced man, it might promote
the efficiency of the public service to intrust
him with the delicate and responsible duty of
removing a bad officer and replacing him by a
good one.
But the men who made our Constitution did
not act upon any such hypothesis. They knew
it was possible not only for bad men to become
assessors of internal revenue, but to become
Presidents as well, else they would not have
provided this august tribunal for the trial and
deposition of a delinquent President. I grant
that when you have a true man for President
it is convenient and not dangerous that he
have the power of removal, for thereby he
maybe able to replace an incompetent district
attorney with a competent one, or a dishonest
inspector of customs with an honest one, with-
out waiting to consult the Senate or with the
law-making power. But if, instead, you happen
to have a false man for President, then if he
have the power of removal it is a power which
refnovesall honesty from the public service and
fills if throughout with rottenness and cor-
ruption.
My conclusion is that the President derives
no authority from the Constitution to dismiss
an officer from the public service. A lawyer
is not warranted in asserting it. A member
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, who assented to
the act of July 12, 18C6, cannot be justified in
asserting it. The respondent, who approved
that act, cannot be excused for asserting it.
Whatever authority the President, had on the
21st of February last to dismiss the Secretary
of War, he derived, not from the Constitution,
but from statute. The only authority he de-
rived from the statute is found in the second
section of the act of 1789 creating the office of
Secretary of War.
That section is in the words following:
"That there shall be in the said Department an
interior otlioer, to be appointed by the said principal
officer, to be employed therein as he shall deem
proper.and tobe calledthechief clerkin theDepart-
ment of War; and who, whenever the said principal
officer shall be removed from oflice by the President
ofthoUnited States,or in any othercaseof vacancy,
shall, during such vacancy, have the charge and cus-
tody of all records, books, and papers appertaining
to the said Department."
It was copied from the act to establish a
Department of Foreign Affairs, which had been
passed by the same Congress at the same ses-
sion. It is evidently to be construed as the
same words used by the same men in the former
act are to be construed.
And whether we look at the terms employed
in the section, or at the terms employed in the
debate which preceded the enactment, it is very
evident that the power conferred is something
very different from the arbitrary and irrespon-
sible power of removal claimed by the Presi-
