1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
are to get the Chief Justice in here in a certain
case or how we are to be sworn in a certain
other case, the law providing no oath, the
Constitution providing no oath, merely stating
that we are to be sworn, we are perfectly
helpless. In short, the argument is that the
Corstitution is not a code of procedure; that
it does not contain a set of rules and regula-
tions. Mr. President, that is a mistake. It
i*« 9 mistaken idea of the nature of the Consti-
tution, of the idea of conferring constitutional
power. Wherever there is a grant of power
by a law or by a constitution to a tribunal or
a" body or a person there is granted in that
power, as a part of it, there is conferred as in
it and of it and a part of it all the power that
is necessary, justly and properly necessary, to
the duo exercise of the power conferred. So
the Supreme Court frequently decided in the
days ot Marshall; and i challenge contradic-
tion upon the proposition.
Mr. FREUNGflUYSEN. It seems to me
not only that the Constitution does not invest
the .Senate with the right of calling upon the
naval and military forces to enforce the final
judgment of this court, but I think it is di-
rectly contrary to the Constitution to call upon
tliem. I think the Constitution provides that
the executive otlicer of this Government, the
successor of the Chief Magistrate, should he
bo impeached. must enforce that decree.
Mr. EDMUNDS. la he not a part of the
military or naval or civil force, I should like
to know'?
Mr. FlICLINGIIUYSEN. Is he to be
regulated by rule of the Senate, I would ask?
Mr. EDMUNDS. He is not regulated. The
Senate gives itself the power, without having
an endless debate on the subject, to direct its
Piosiditig 0llieer, when we have a justice of
the Supreme Couit on trial ur any other man
accused, to apply to the President of the Uni-
ted States and ,i-k of him the assistance that
is necessary to protect us in the exercise ot' our
functions. It does not assume the legislative
power of imposing any penalty if that Presi-
dent should refuse. There is the distinction.
If we were desiring to get a witness into court
who refused to come, and force were needed
to bring him upon attachment, it would be
necessary, it" he should bring action against
one of the abstains ot the Sergeant-at- Arms,
for that assistant to defend on the authority
of the Senate, and to prove that it was by our
authority that he assisted the Sergeant-at-Arms
in bringing in the witness. Now, what does
this rule provide? It provides for all such
cases m advance, without having a squabble
over them at the time. By it our authority is
given in advance, bv a mere order to that effect
on a single point, to call upon everybody to
assist in the enforcement of our process.
Now. as to the final process, if you speak
of it as process—-it is not so spoken of in the
report; it is spoken of as a judgment—it is
said that the word ''judgment" may include
the final judgment. The term "'judgment."
of couise, does in its natural meaning include
final judgments as well as interlocutory ones :
but we must always construe language in refer-
ence to the subject to which it is to be applied.
As applied to interlocutory judgments, we
all seem to agree that it is proper. When
you come to final judgment, although there is
no express exception made, the nature of the
final judgment has been well stated by the
Senator fiom Ohio ; it is a judgment the very
force and operation of the pronouncing of
which is to change the otfice, speaking in the
case of a President, from one person to an-
other ; so that the judgment in a certain sense
may be said to execute itself. Therefore, if
you say the word includes final judgment, and
you may in that literal sense, it does no harm,
because all that then you would call upou
anybody to do would be to call upon the new
and lawful President of the United States to
assist the Senate in putting himself into pos-
session of his own ntiicp. You might say that
i- emire'v unneces-arv. Undoubtedly it is:
but in using general language you are obliged
sometimes to make use of terms that you can
apply to a state of circumstances where it
would be wholly unnecessary. But, sir, I am
taking too much time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. For information I wish
to ask the Senator from Vermont what possible
interlocutory judgment can be rendered?
Mr. EDMUNDS. A judgment overruling a
motion to dismiss the prosecution ; a judgment
declaring that a certain witness who refuses to
answer is in contempt; and agreat many others
that I might name.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am really surprised
at the answer that the Senator from Vermont
gives me to this question. What is an inter-
locutory judgment in the practice of the law is
well known to him and to myself; and the cases
that he mentions do not belong to the descrip-
tion at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I differ with the Senator
entirely.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator will find
no authority to sustain him. Such things as he
mentions now belong to the designation of inter-
locutory orders. They are not judgments.
They do not partake of the nature of judgments.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iam satisfied, after the
discussion we have had, that we ought to strike
out the words " and judgment." I am satis-
fied that all that is necessary is included in the
words " lawful oiders, mandates, writs, and
precepts;" and the words " and judgments"
after "precepts" are unnecessary. I think
with those words stricken out every Senator
ought to vote for the rule. That is the view I
take of it. The Senate has the power now,
through its Sergeant-at-Arms, to keep order in
this Hall. We have power to authorize him
to employ a page to assist him ; to employ any-
body ebe th.it we choose to direct to assist
him. We have a right to authorize him to
employ any one to assist him for the purpose
of preserving order and doing what is provided
for by law. We have a right to authorize him
to go out and ask any officer of the Army or
the Navy, or the posse comitalus, the whole
mass of citizens, to assist him in the preserva-
tion of order and the execution of our process.
There is, therefore, no practical difficulty in
the first part of this rule. The only difficulty
arisesout of the use of the word "judgments"
in the last clause, and I think the purpose is
sufficiently covered by the previous words. I
therefore move to amend the clause proposed
to be stricken out by the Senator from Dela-
ware by striking out the words " and judg-
ments""iu the last line, and inserting the word
•'and" before the word ''precepts."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order, being to perfect the part proposed
to be stricken out. ,
Mr. IIENDIIICKS. I ask the attention of
the Senator from Ohio to one or two sugges-
tions that I desire to make. If this provision
be not necessary it ought not to be here. Every
Senator certainly- does feel the gravity of the
business in which wo are likely to be engaged.
It is a proceeding that will agitate very pro-
foundly the feelings and the interests of the
country : and we have no right to go further
in these rules and regulations than the neces-
sity of the case may require. This code of
rules is not a law. It is not to ha^e the force
and effect of law. It is simply intended to be
a rule of the Senate, a power exercised by the
Senate, which, as a body, it possesses. Every
Senator does admit that this power will be pos-
sessed by the Senate in the progress of any trial
as well as now. That is not questioned. Now,
suppose the power to be possessed by the
Senate to call upon the Army and Navy, ought
we to anticipate the necessity for its exercise/
No Senator believes that we shall be called
upon to exercise that power. I do not enter-
tain the thought for a moment that in any
phase of the proceedings that will be neces-
sary. Put suppose it should become neces-
sary; then the power is in the possession of
the Senate to be exercised upon the necessity.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to strike out the words
"and judgments."
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. So as to read "writs and
precepts of said court." I have 110 objection
to the amendment. I hope the vote will be
taken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But I did not want to
have any part of this provision in. I have no
objection to striking out those words; but I
want to finish what I was saying.
I feel a good deal of interest ia this matter.
I do not want to see the country unnecessarily
agitated; and for the Senate in advance to say
that it may assume the power to call out the
Army and Navy during the progress of a trial*
which ought to be characterized by everything
else than by the exercise of violence is calcu-
lated unnecessarily to agitate and disturb the
country. If there shall arise during the prog-
ress of the trial, as I was remarking, a neces-
sity for the exercise of any such power, (con-
ceding that we possess it for the purpose of
the argument,) why not exercise the power
then? I do not believe we possess it. I do
not think the Senate for any purpose con-
nected with its judicial power can call out the
Army and the Navy any more than I believe
the Supreme Court of the United States can do
it; any more than I believe one of the courts
can do it, except by the express provision
of law. Power is given, I believe, to some
officers not judicial, in the civil-rights bill, *o
call upon the Army and the Navy. It is either
in that bill or in the Freedmen's Bureau bill,
I forget which. The power is not there con-
ferred on a court; there the power is conferred
on the President or some general under hia
authority ; but here the power for the first time
is proposed to be given to a court.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is conferred by law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, I say that is con-
ferred by law. It was conceded that it was
not enjoyed by either branch of Congress or a
court independently of law ; and as this will
do harm, as this is not necessary now for any
possible good purpose, in my judgment it is
simply vicious, and I hope the Senate will
strike it off.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that in the
committee, as I was a member of it, I thought
it better not to have this clause in, and I was
in favor of the old rules as far as they could be
made applicable to the present case. I thought
the fewest changes made the best. Now, I
submit to the Senate whether we shall not ac-
complish all we want by adopting the old rule
on this point. I think the Senator from Indi-
ana will be satisfied with that, and I think we
ought all to be satisfied with it. The old rule
provided that the presiding officer "shall also
be authorized to direct the employment of the
marshal of the District of Columbia, or any
other person or persons during the trial, to
discharge such duties as may be prescribed by
him." The marshal has authority under the
general laws to call a posse, if necessary, to
call on the military if necessary. We have a
marshal in the District of Columbia not ac-
ceptable I believe to everybody, but I think a
marshal who will do his duty, whatever his
duty is, as faithfully as anybody else. Why
not strike out all of the words of this rule?
after the word "court" strike out and insert
what I have read, so as to read:
The presiding officer may by the direction of the
court direct the employment of the marshal of the
District of Columbia, orany other person or persons,
during the trial to discharge such duties as maybe
prescribed by him.
I think that would get us out of this difficulty,
and I confess I do not like the clause as it is
and shall vote to strike it out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does nottheSergeant-
at-Arms possess all the powers of the mar-
shal?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that he
does: I think not. I think the marshal has
powers defined by law. I doubt if the Sergeaut-
. at-Arms can call upon a posse.
