1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. oi? Reps.
tions of the present tariff revenue and domes-
tic industry. This report, and that of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, which presents
bis views in regard to what is needed to relieve
the excise from some of its most burdensome
features and secure greater efficiency in the
administration of the law, will be found to be
so able and complete as to make it quite unne-
cessary, as before suggested, for the Secretary
to do more than to commend them to the atten-
tion of Congress.
While the amount of revenue to be raised
by internal taxes must continue to be large it
is evident that many articles now taxable
must be relieved from taxation in order that
the number ot' revenue officers may be reduced,
duplication of taxes avoided, and the system
rendered less obnoxious to tax-payers. It is
also evident that the administration of the law
must bo more efficient than it is at present if
the service is to escape utter demoralization.
The internal revenues of the past year would
have largely exceeded the estimates but for the
failure of the revenue officers to collect the
taxes upon distilled liquors. The failure is
well known to the country, and has been the
cause of deep regret and not a little humilia-
tion to the Secretary as well as to the Commis-
sioner.
The duty upon distilled liquors is so high
that there has been a temptation to avoid its
payment, which has, to a great extent, demor-
alized both the manufacturers and the officers
of the revenue. A tax of two dollars per gallon
upon an article which can be made for thirty
cents would be a difficult tax to collect even
in a small country, where appointments to rev-
enue positions depend upon merit alone, and
where dishonesty is promptly and severely
punished ; it is especially difficult in a country
so vast as the United States, where politics are
apt to influence, if not to control, selections for
ollice, and where skill in evading the require-
ments of revenue laws is not among the least
decided characteristic of the people. The Sec-
retary is not of the opinion that this tax cannot
be collected, but he does not hesitate to say
that even if the meter which has been adopted
and is intended to be brought into general use
shall accomplish what is expected from it, the
collection of so heavy a tax with thoroughness
will be impossible unless a higher standard
of qualification for revenue officers than now
exists shall be established. The views of
the revenue commissioners on thi3 point are
worthy of especial consideration.
The necessity of economy in the public ex-
penditures in the present financial condition
of the country is so apparentthat no suggestions
from the Secretary are needed to impress it
upon the attention of Congress. Taxation is
weighing heavily upon the people, and they
liave a right to demand, and they are demand-
ing, that their necessary burdens shall not be
increased by unnecessary expenditures. Pub-
lic economy is. in all nations, a rare virtue,
and it is a singular truth that nations which
are most deeply in debt, and whose affairs
ought, therefore, to be most prudently man-
aged, are the very nations where the least
economy is observed. This truth, so interest-
ing and instructive to the people of the United
States at the present time, is largely attributa-
ble to the well-known facts that the contract-
ing of large public debts is unavoidably at-
tended with imprudent if not reckless expend-
itures and that when those intrusted with or
possessing governing power have once enjoyed
the luxury of using or expending freely the
moneys under their control (and this is always
the ease during the progress of expensive wars)
proper economy is afterward exceedingly dif-
ficult to be enforced. Thus national debts
become chronic, and efforts to reduce them
are rarely successful. The debts of nations
the most heavily burdened, instead of being
stationary, or on the increase, might be in the
process of rapid^ extinction if the same econ-
omy were practiced now that was practiced
before their debts came into existence.
It is of the last importance that the debt of the
United States should not, like that of most other
nations, be perpetuated by habits formed dur-
ing the period of its creation. It is large, but
fortunately it has not yet become chronic. It
was incurred under the pressure of a war so
vast and so momentous that economy was in
a large degree lost sight of in the absorbing
public interest which it excited. It is unde-
niably formidable in amount, but the expe-
riences of the past two years, during which,
under the most unpropitious circumstances, it
has been largely diminished, must satisfy the
least sanguine that the reduction of it can be
continued, and that even with diminished tax-
ation it can be totally extinguished within the
present century if a rigid economy, which, per-
haps, could not be practiced during the war,
and, unfortunately, has not been practiced
since, is hereafter faithfully enforced in all
branches of the public service. Extravagance
in the administration of the Government has
not become so fixed as to bo beyond correc-
tion. 'There is no substantial difficulty in the
way of public economy now, but there maybe
a few years hence. It is not proper, perhaps;
for the Secretary of the Treasury to advise in
regard to the precise manner in which this
economy shall be enforced, but he ventures to
suggest: that the Army, at (he earliest prac-
ticable moment, be reduced to the minimum
required to garrison forts and preserve the peace
on the frontiers and along the lines of the
Pacific roads; that the expenses of the Navy
be reduced, as far as can be done consistently
with the protection of our commerce and the
maintenance of our reputation as a maritime
Power; that retrenchment be introduced into
all brandies of the civil service ; that there bo
no payments of damages which were the un-
avoidable incidents of war; that there be no
additional grants to railroads, and no consid-
erable donations of any character unless m
connection with the appropriation a special
tax shall be levied for their payment.
But the public faith does not depend alone
upon adequate revenue laws, nor upon economy
in the administration of the Government. It
rests also upon the observance of contracts
in the spirit as well as in the letter. In fact,
without this there will be neither efficient ad-
ministration of revenue laws nor economy in
expenditures. Nothing but absolute insolvency
will save from the infamy of repudiation a nation
that does not pay its debts according to the
understanding at the time they were contracted;
and when a nation voluntarily violates this
understanding it will soon be unable, from the
very effect of its own example, to enforce its
revenue laws; audits expenditures will only
be checked by its inability to collect. How
much of the demoralization which exists in the
revenue service of the United States is attribut-
able to the failureof the Government to redeem
the legal-tender notes according to their tenor,
would be an interesting subject of inquiry, but
hardly appropriate in a communication like
this. In his report for the year I8G5 the Sec-
retary used the following language in regard to
the national debt:
"The maintenance of public faith is a national
necessity. Nations do not and cannot safely accu-
mulate moneys to be used at a future day, and exi-
gencies are constantly occurring in which the richest
and most powerful arc under the necessity of borrow-
ing, The millennial days, when nations shall beat
their swords into plowshares and their spears into
pruning-hooks, and learn war no more, are yet, ac-
cording to all existing indications, far in the future.
Weak and defaulting nations may maintain a nom-
inally independent existence, but it will be by reason
of the jealousies rather than the forbearance of
stronger Powers. No nation is absolutely sate which
is not in a condition to defend itself; nor can it be in
this condition, no matter how strong in other respects,
without a well-established financial credit. Nations
cannot, therefore, aftbrd to bo unfaithful to their
pecuniary obligations. Creditto them, as to individ-
uals, is money; and money is the war power of the
age. But for the unfaltering confidence of the people
of the loyal States in the good faith of the Govern-
ment the late rebellion would have been a suceess,
and this great nation, so rapidly becoming again
harmonious, would have been broken into weak and
belligerent fragments.
."But the public faith of the United States has
higher considerations tban these for its support. It
rests not .only upon the interests of the people but
"Pen their integrity and virtue. The debt of the
United States has boea created by the people in their
successful struggle for undivided and indivisible na-
tionality. It is not a debt imposed upon unwilling
subjects by a despotic authority, but one incurred by
tlie people themselves for the preservation of their
(rovernment—by the preservation of which those who
have been leagued together for its overthrow are to
be as really benefited as those who have been bat-
tling for its maintenance. As it is a debtvoluntarily
incurred for the common good its burdens will be
cheerfully borne by the people, who will not permit
them to be permanent."
Now, to what is the United States pledged
in regard to the public debt? Is it not that it
shall be paid according to the understanding
between the Government and the subscribers
to its loans at the time the subscriptions were
solicited and obtained? Andean there be any
question in regard to the nature of this under-
standing ? \Vas it not that, while the interest-
bearing notes should be converted into bonds
or paid in lawful money, the bonds should be
paid, principal as well as interest, in coin?
Was not this the understanding of the Con-
gress which passed the loan bills and of the
people who furnished the money? Did any
member of the House or of the Senate, prior
to 1864, in the exhaustive discussions of these
bills, ever intimate that the bonds to be issued
in accordance with their provisions might be
paid, when redeemable, in a depreciated cur-
rency? Was there a single subscriber to the
five-twenty bonds, or to the seven and three
tenth notes, which by their terms were con-
vertible into bonds, who did not believe, and
who was not given to understand by the agents
of the Government, that both the principal and
interest of these bonds were payable in coin ?
Does any one suppose that the people of the
United States, self-sacrificing as they were in
the support of the Government, would have
sold their stocks, their lands, the products of
their farms, of their factories and their shops,
and invested the proceeds in five-twenty bonds
and seven and three tenth notes, convertible into
such bonds, if they had understood that these
bonds were to be redeemd after five years from
their respective dates in a currency of the value
of which they could form no reliable estimate ?
Would the Secretary of the Treasury, or would
Congress, when the fate of the nation was trem-
bling in the balance, and when a failure to
raise money for the support of the Federal
Army would have been success to the rebel-
lion and ruin to the Union cause, have dared
to attempt the experiment of raising money on
bonds redeemable at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment, after five years, in a currency the
convertible value of which might not depend
upon the solvency of the Government but
upon the amount in circulation? No such
understanding existed, and fortunately no such
experiment was tried. The bonds were nego-
tiated with the definite understanding that
they were payable in coin, and the seven and
three tenth notes with an equally definite un-
derstanding that they were convertible at the
option of the holder into bonds of a similar
character or payable in lawful money. The
contracts were made in good faith on both
sides, a part of them when the Government was
in imminent peril and needed money to pre-
serve its existence, the balance when its neces-
sities were scarcely less urgent for the pay-
ment of its just obligations to contractors ana
to the gallant men by whom the nation ha a
been saved. Good faith and public honor,
which to a nation are of priceless wort'1>..rV
quire that these contracts should be complied
with in the spirit in which they were made.
The holders of our bonds at home and abroau
