m
SUPPLEMENT TO
the specific Jtcis charged against the respondent
in the fir§t eight articles arc, that on the 21st day
of February last he issued an'order removing
lSdvviu M. Stanton from the ollice of Secretary
War, and that on the same day he issued another
order authorizing Lorenzo Thomas to act as Sec-
retary of War ad interim. These two acts are
charged in different articles, in various forms,
as done with various intendments and with
variouslegal effecUs. They are relied upon as
specific violations of the Constitution and as
violations of different laws. They are relied
upon as evidences of a conspiracy to prevent
Mr. Stanton from holding the office of Secre-
tary of War, and as evidences of an attempt
to drive him from office by threats, intimida-
tion, and force.
That the respondent issued both orders is
fully proved by the evidence and fully admit-
ted by the answer.
It only remains for me to consider the cir-
cumstances under which they were issued in
order to determine whether they constitute an
impeachable offense.
The respondent justifies the order of removal
under the double warrant of constitutional
authority and of authority conferred by the
second section of the act of 1789 creating the
Department of War.
The first claim I have already considered
and rejected. The second claim is resisted
upon the ground that the authority given in
the act of 1789 is revoked by the act of March
2, 18G7; and accordingly in the first article the
order of removal is charged specifically as a
violation of the last-mentioned act, known as
the tenure-of-office act.
Of course, with the views I have already
expressed of the true construction of the Con-
stitution, I can entertain no doubt of the entire
validity of the tenure-of-office act. I earnestly
supported its passage in the Senate. With
whatever ability [ had I endeavored to extend
its protection to the heads of the Executive
Departments.
But while the action of the House accorded
with my own views, the Senate, by three dif-
ferent votes, rejected those views. 'The disa-
greement between the two Houses led to a
committee of conference.
The committee reported the first section as
it now stands in the law, in the following
words:
"That ovory person holdintcnny civil office to which
he lias been appointed by ami with tho advice ami
consent of the Senate, and every person who .shall
hereafter bo an pointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is anci .-hull be
entitled to hold such otlico until a successor shall
havo been in like, manner appointed and duly ■ j in I i -
lied. c.rcc])t rt* Aem/i otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, ot
War. of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmas-
ter General, and tho Attorney General, shall hold
their offices respectively for and during tho term of
thePiesidentbywhom they may have been appointed,
and for ono taunt h thereafter, subject to removal by
and with tile advice and consent of the Senate."
This section was explained to the Senate by
members of the committee at the time it was
reported as not designed to afl'ect the power
of the President to remove tho Secretary of
War. Upon examining the provisions then it
was my own opinion that it did not affect his
authority in that regard. And after all the
debate 1 have heard upon the point since, I
have not been able to change that opinion.
If Mr. Stanton had been appointed during
the present presidential term, J should have
no doubt he was within the security of the law.
But 1 cannot find that, either in fact or ill legal
intendment, he was appointed during the pres-
ent presidential term. It is urged that he was
appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and such is the fact.
It is 'aid that Mr. Lincoln's term is not yet
expired. Such I believe to be the fact. But the
language of the proviso is, that a Secretary
shall hold, not during the term of the man by
whom he is appointed, but during the term of
the President by whom he may be appointed.
Mr. Stanton was appointed by the President
in 1802. The term of that President was lim-
ited by the Constitution. It expired on the
4th of March, 1865. That the same incum-
bent was reelected for the next term is con-
ceded, but I do not comprehend how that fact
extended the former terra.
Entertaining these views, and because the
first article of the impeachment charges the
order of removal as a violation of the tenure-
of-office act, I am constrained to hold the Pres-
ident not guilty upon that article.
But, even if the tenure-of-office act had never
been passed, itdoesnotfollowthattherespond-
ent would not be guilty of a high crime in
issuing the order of removal. The order might
conclude Mr. Stanton. But it does not follow
that the people could not resent it and impeach
the President for issuing it.
Two of the articles in the impeachment of
Judge Pickering charged him with making
ecrtain orders in a judicial procedure pending
before him. ITe had undoubted jurisdiction
to make the orders, and they were binding upon
the parties until reversed. But the Senate
found him guilty upon both articles, notbeeause
the making them was a usurpation of authority,
butbecanse it was an abuse of authority. I can-
not find, for reasons already stated, that the
respondent's order removing Mr. Stanton was
a usurpation of authority, but was it not an
abuse of authority? ]f Mr. Stanton was a
meritorious officer, and yet the respondent
sought wantonly to remove him, he committed
the prccise offense which Mi'. Madison declared
in the debate of 1789 to be impeachable.
The cause assigned by the President for the
order of removal is—
" That the relations between the said Stanton and
the President no longer permitted tho President to
resort to him for advice or to be, in the judgment of
the Piesident., safely responsible for his conduct of
the affairs ot the Department of War as by law
required, in accordance with theordersand instruc-
tions of the President; and thereupon by foreoof the
Constitution and laws of tho United States, which
devolve 011 the President the power and the duty to
control the conduct of tho business of that executive
Department of the Government, and by reason of tho
constitutional duty of the President to take care that
the laws bo taithlully executed, this respondent did
necessarily consider and did determino that the said
Stanton ought no longer to hold the said office of
Secretary for the Department of War."
The cause for these unhappy personal rela-
tions is explained by the respondent in a mes-
sage sent to the Senate on the 12th of Decem-
ber, 1807, and which is made a part of the
answer in this cause.
That explanation is as follows:
" The subsequent sessions of Congress developed
new complications when tho suffrage bill for the Dis-
trict of Columbia and the reconstruction acts of
March 2 and M arch 2>, 18t>7, all passed over the veto.
It was in Cabinet consultations upon these bills that
a difference of opinion upon the most vital points
was developed. Upon these questions thcrowas per-
fect accord,between all the members of tho Cabinet
and myself, except Mr. Stanton, lie stood alone,
and tho dilferenccof opinion could not be reconciled.
That unity of opinions which upon great questions
of public policy 01 administration is so essential to
the Executive was gone."
Tho respondent does not allege that Mr.
Stanton would not advise; him and advise him
honestly, but only that he, the respondent,
"could not resort to him for advice.'' If the
fact was so, and if the adviee of the Secretary
was essential to the proper discharge of the
President's duty, as 1 have no doubt it was,
it would seem to show disqualification on the
part of the Executive rather than onthepartof
the Secretary, and to demand the resignation of
the former rather than the removal ofthelatter.
But the reason urged why the President
could not resort to the Secretary for advice
is, that the hitter differed from him upon three
points of public policy, the suffrage bill for the
District of Columbia and the reconstruction
acts of March 2 and March 28, 1807, "unity
of opinion was gone."
If unity of opinion had still existed, it is
difficult, to understand of what advantage Mr.
Stanton's advice could have been to the Pres-
ident.
I do not readily perceive of what importance
it was to the President to resort to a minister
for adviee if the advisory authority of the latter
was to be limited to echoing the President's
own opinions.
But it is very suggestive in this connection
that the points of difference between the
respondent and the Secretary were upon three
public statutes. The President is known to
have disapproved them all. They were, in fact,
passed over Ms veto.
The inference seems irresistible that the
Secretary approved them. But since they had
all been passed into solemn laws of what im-
portance were the opinions of either, unless,
indeed, the respondent had resolved to defeat
their execution, and demanded a change in
the War Office, not to aid him more efficiently
in the execution of the laws, but to aid him in
defeating their execution?
But another reason for wishing to get rid of
the Secretary urged by the President is that he
could not "safely be responsible for his con-
duct of the affairs of the Department." Per-
haps that was so ; although the evidence is not
apparent. But the sufficient reply to that is,
that he was not responsible for his conduct any
further than he directed or sanctioned it. The
suggestion that any President is responsible for
the conduct of subordinate officers is a ground-
less pretext by whomsoever urged. If a Pres-
ident were responsible for the conduct of his
subordinates, the respondent would not only
have been impeachable, but would probably
have been in the penitentiary long before this
time; and few of his predecessors would have
fared any better.
But upon this whole question, of the cause
assigned for the exclusion of Mr. Stanton, the
Senate has already passed. The President
himself, by his message of the 12th December
last, called for the judgment of the Senate upon
them. I then voted them insufficient. Never-
theless the respondent issued the order of re-
moval; and if I am now to say that that act
does not constitute an impeachable offense, I
must either x-everse the decision 1 then made
upon the cause of removal, or I must reverse
the decision of Mr. Madison upon the nature
of an impeachable offense.
I perceive no reason for reversing cither.
But upon the question of Mr. Stanton's
merits as an officer, I am not left to rely upon
my own judgment alone. Of course my own
judgment must guide my own decision, since
there is no authoritative law upon the subject.
But 1 am glad to remember that tny opinion was
then in accord with that of a large majority of
the Senate, and also manifestly in accord with
what the opinion of the respondent himself
had been, and with that of his predecessor,
attested by both in the most solemn manner.
President Lincoln employed Mr. Stanton as
Secretary of War during the last and the larger
part of his administration. Mr. Johnson also
employed him from the time of his accession
to the Presidency for nearly two years before
the tenure-of-office bill was passed. And after
its passage he continued to employ him until
Congress had adjourned, had reassembled,
and adjourned again. Not until August, 1807,
did he commence the labor of excluding him
from office. Of course the respondent cannot
bo allowed to say now in his own justification
that he was employing in a high trust during
all that time an incompetent or an unfaithful
man. He must assign some reason for wish-
ing to exclude him from the service which did
not exist before he commenced the attempt.
This the respondent does. He assigns three
such reasons. They were found 111 the i'act
that the Secretary approved of three different
statutes of which the President disapproved.
So an American President pleads before the
Senate, as a justification for his dismissal of a
minister, that the minister approved of certain
public laws! A British minister leaves office
the moment a law passes which he cannot
approve. And if a British sovereign were to
assign such a reason for the dismissal of a min-
ister, he would not be impeached, indeed,
because the British constitution does not war-
rant such a proceeding; but there is no ques-
tion he would have to quit the throne by the
authority not conferred upon but inherent in
the Parliament as the representatives of the
people of the realm.
