THE OONG-RESSIO¥AL. GLOBE.
Commissioned as I am by the express letter
of the Constitution to pass judgment upon the
conduct of this respondent, and sworn as I am
to give true judgment, I cannqfc hesitate to say
that the attorn;)!, to drive an American minister
from the public service because he approved
the public laws, is of itself a high crime against
the State.
It is urged that his only purpose in issuing
the order was to raise the question of his power
to remove, and obtain the judgment of the
courts of law upon it. But when there was no
just cause for removal why should the Presi-
dent have been so anxious to vindicate bis
power to remove ? But I dismiss this allega-
tion with the remark that I cannot believe it.
All the testimony in the case contradicts it.
There is not a syllable to support it. If when
he issued the order of removal he intended
only a lawsuit, why did he' not say so to Gen-
eral Ihornas, to whom he gave the order?
Why did be leave the Adjutant General to
believe, as he told Dr. Burleigh, that he was
to gain possession not by suit but by force?
Why did he leave him to suppose, as he told
Mr. Wiikeson, that he should overcome the
objection of Mr. Stanton, not through the aid
ot the Attorney General, but by help of the
General of the armies; or, as lie told Karsner,
that he was to use kicks and not writs? If he
intended no more than a lawsuit, why did he
not. so inform Lieutenant General Sherman
when he offered him the place of Secretary ad
interim some days before? At that time the
General invited his attention to the propriety
ol a lawsuit, but the President repudiated the
suggestion as impracticable. But above all,
if he intended nothing more than a lawsuit,
why has he not had one ? The courts have
been always open to him. No lawyer needs to
be told that the Attorney General could have
proceeded to try the title to the office upon an
information filed upon the relation of General
Thomas as well as upon the relation of Mr.
Stanton. It has been suggested that the
respondent's hopes of a lawsuit were frustrated
by the discontinuance of some criminal pro-
ceedings taken against, General Thomas upon
complaint of Mr. Stanton, soon after'the order
was issued.
The President, however, does not in his
answer urge that explanation. And it is hardly
credible that the President relied upon getting j
into court in that particular way. Every other J
way has been and still is open to him except I
one. He does not, seem to have been able, so j
far, to get into the law courts as defendant, i
and that seems to have been regarded by him j
as a sine qua no/i to any litigation. At liberty j
at ail times for nearly a quarter of a year to I
sue upon the right of General Thomas to re- !
cover possession, he has failed to do so. But j
he leaves us to infer that if he could have sue !
ceeded in putting General Thomas once in j
possession he would have been content to con- \
test a suit by Mr. Stanton even had it taken a !
year to determine it.
So far I discover absolutely nothing to re-
lieve the respondent from the guilt of having
issued an order for the removal of an able and
faithful officer, long trusted by himself and by
his predecessor, and still trusted by a large
portion of the country, charged with no fault,
but, that he approved of certain laws which the
President condemned, and of removing him
against the advice of a large majority of the
Senate. On the contrary, it seems to me this i!
guilt is greatly aggravated by the disposition j!
the respondent sought to make of the office. I
To remove a meritorious public officer, Mr. I
Madison declared, constituted an impeachable |!
offense. To remove such an officer and leave !l
the office vacant, with no one to discharge the ,i
duties, would doubtless be held to enhance the
guilt. To remove a faithful and competent ,j
officer, and supply his place with an inconipe- 1
tent and dishonest one, would enhance it still '
more. !]
To remove a good man from office, and to |;
replace him with a bad man, without any |:
advice and without any sort of legal authority, I1
FrPPLEMRXT ii'2.
[j seems to me an offense against the public
j: interests which, if it go rmrebuked, will excase
l; any possible offense that leaves the President
|j outside of a penitentiary.
!j _ That the respondent attempted to do all this
is charged upon him, and, in my judgment, is
proved upon him.
At the same time that he issued the order
of removal he issued another order, authorizing
the Adjutant General of the Army to act as
Secretary ad interim. The fitness of General
Thomas for the office of Secretary is not fairly
in issue in this cause, and consequently we can
know but little about it. A few things, how-
ever, are disclosed in the evidence. It is shown
that the same position was tendered, a few days
before, to Lieutenant General Sherman, and he
declined it. But when it was offered to General
Thomas, he not only accepted it promptly, but
he addressed a letter of thanks to the President
forthe "houordonehim." When the Adjutant
General gives thanks fora trust so high,'so del-
icate, so solemn that Lieutenant General Sher-
man shrinks from and declines it, it suggests
the inference that the former is not exactly the
man for the place.
It does appear, also, from the testimony that
the General of the Army had recommeiided
his retirement from the military service alto-
gether. One whom General Grant thinks no
longer fitted for the post of Adjutant General
does not afford the highest evidence of fitness
for the post of Secretary of War.
But the respondent's legal right to put Gen-
eral Thomas in possession of the War Office is
put in issue by the second and by some other
articles in the impeachment.
The respondent claims authority under the
act of February 13, 1795. That is as follows:
"That in case of vaoancv in the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of the'Secre-
tury of the Department of Afar, or of any officer of
either of said Departments whose appointment is
not in the head thereof, wheieby they cannot per-
form the duties of their said respective offices, it
shall be lawtul for the President of the United
States, in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ize any person or persons, at his discretion, to per-
form the duties of the said respective offices until a
successor be appointed or such vacancy be tilled:
Provided, That no one vacancy shall be supplied in
manner aforesaid for alongerterm than six months."
I cannot admit the claim for three reasons:
First, there is reason to suppose that the
statute of 1795 was never regarded as a valid
law. Second, it seems to me to have been
clearly repealed by the act of 1808. And
third, ifit were in full force it did not authorize
the order issued to General Thomas.
If a vacancy occur in the office of the Sec-
retary during a session of the Senate it may,
under the Constitution, be filled immediately
by a new nomination and confirmation. If the
vacancy occur during the recess of the Senate
the Constitution empowers the President to fill
it by a new commission, to hold until the Sen-
ate convenes and can act upon a nomina-
tion. 'That commission can be issued under the
Constitution as promptly as a person maybe
authorized under the act. The commission
and the authorization have the same practical
effect; so that the provision made by the Con-
stitution for cases of " vacancy'' would seem
to be ample and render legislation unnecessary.
But if a Secretary be absent or sick it is
evident there is no one to discharge the duties
of the office: nor does the Constitution provide
any mode of supplying the want. The office
is not "vacant," but theincumbentisdisabled.
To provide for such a case was, as I sup-
pose, the main purpose of the eighth section
of the act of May 8, 1792, entitled "An act
making alterations in the Treasury and War
Departments." In fact the section does a
little more than provide for cases of disability.
It provides for one kind of vacancy. The
language is:
" In ease of death, absence from the seat of Gov-
ernment, or sickness of the Secretary of State, Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or of the Secretary of the
Wal- Department," &c., " whereby they cannot per-
form the dutiesof their saidrespeotiveofTirpOtshuH
be lawful for the Piesident of the United States, in
case he shall think it necessary, to authorize any
person or person*, at his discretion, to perform the
duties of the said respective offices tjtftil a, suecesSof
be appointed or until such absence or inability by
sieki*ess shall £>e,removetl." - . ;
Thus the law stood until XTSK5. ■ AH vacan-
cies were provided for by the Constitution j
and temporary disabilities " and vacancy by
death, were provided for by the law; of 175 2.' -
Then the law was passed the whole of whieh
was quoted above. It is entitled ".iAmaotto ,
amend the*act of 1792." In terms it provides
fo* all eases of vacancy,'whether by-death,
resignation, or otherwise; and it 'provides for
no case of disability. Whst the Cofistitatkra
had done well, the act dotes Over again ; what
the Constitution had not done at all, the act
omits to do.
But it is evident, from every part of that
short statute that the draftsman had n&
definite idea of the mischiefs he wished to
remedy. He does not even seem to have con-
sidered what a "vacancy" was, or id have
been conscious that a vacancy differed- from a
disability. Hence the act attempts to qualify
a vacancy in an office by the circumstance that
it shall prevent the incumbent of the office
from discharging its duties—as if there were
some vacancies* which did not prevent the
regular discharge of duty.
Again, it, limits, in terms, the duration-of
the ad interim appointment " until a successor
be appointed or such a vacancy be filled," as
if two sorts of vacancy were provided for, one
of which was to determine by the appointment
of a "successor," and the other by being
" filled." The main purpose of the actseems
to be to limit the extreme duration of an ad
■interim appointment. And in this endeavor
it collides hopelessly with the Constitution.
The Constitution says the President may
supply a vacancy occurring during the recess
of the Senate by commissioning a person to
act until the end of the next session. The act
pays that no vacancy shall be supplied longer
than six months. It would seem that an act
so incongruous ought not to be relied upon as
authority for anything. I can find no evidence
that it ever was quoted as authority before.
In Little & Brown's edition of the Statutes-at-
Large it is marked " obsolete.'' But if it ever
was a living law, it seems to me indisputable
that both the acts of 1792 find of 1795 are
repealed by the apt of February 20, 1863.
It has been seen that neither of the former
acts made provision for cases out of the three
Departments ofState, War, and Treasury. In
18G3 it was found that no urovision had been
made for temporary disabilities in either of
the other Departments. There was evidently
occasion for further legislation, and it seems
to me to have been made the occasion for
revising the whole subject and of embodying
in a single act not only all the provision to be
made, but all the cases to be provided for.
The title of the act and the purview of the act
alike prove this. The title shows that the act
is not amendatory of, or supplementary to, the
former acts ; but that its aim is to do effectually
just what the other acts did partially.
It is entitled "An net temporarily to supply
vacancies in the Executice Departments in
certain canes.''
The body of the act shows unmistakably
that the draftsman had both the former acts
before him. lie copied from both. 'The act
provides for cases of death, absence, and sick-
ness, as did the act of 1792. It provides for
cases of resignation, and provides the six
mouths' limitation, as did the act of 1785.
Every ease provided for by both the former
acts is embraced within the terms of the act
of 1803. unless the case of removal be an
exception.
It is argued that the act of 1795, as it au-
thorized an ad interim appointment in all
eases of vacancy, authorized, one ki case of
vacancy by removal. That is conceded. But
it should be remembered that the power to
supply a vacancy caused by removal with an
ad interim appointment is a nower not named
in the statute of 1795, since the power so to
create a vacancy is not in that statute. The
