1867.
TttJS COXIUUSSIONAL GLOBE.
147
been abandoned in any shape or form, aud
there:'no ought to bo dedvorvJ up not out)' tor
t':\ - s.iko of tiie ind.v idual as a ma (tor ol j.-iice
and ri4.l  ir tor ti.o benefit of the (joveru-
ir. f. l iiat was iho construction which
p..i upon i:.
i.ro'.y the Senator from Illinois would not
1 : he proeeeds every piece ot prop*
uius'. immediately. as soon as the property
',.1, I. pu: into the Trta^urv. V.T.eu a Mile
made, tho custom was, 1 think, to do-
: ti.o proceeds, if i; was cou\enieut to Jo
so, in ono of the deposit banks, and draw out
ti.o taoaov in cross sums and hand it over to
!;:■> Tu.isurer ot tho United States. Every act
i ■" c'.i.- .-or: mils', receive a reasonable construe-
: i n. un i tho construction which the Secreta-
re-. p.ii 'ipou it was, I suppose, ^iiup'.y ill's:
'.'.i' :i.f j rooceds of the property, after de-
«i 4 tl.c necessary expenses, should go into
l reusot)
W a-
u. .
ert_.
w ;;s
po-
• • a
r—5
p;.. i
of the luiied States: and with a
that, ui.u illustrating it, in the act of
. u order to do away vv.ih all doubt, upon
.. it is especially provided that the
.o^is, u:;iT deducting all ueee.-saiy ex-
ls connected with the matter, shall be
t'.ie l'reasurv
i>: tli
L nltod states.
:is the law as 1 found it. Tho act id' 1S04
w ..s f .ijso^t j ist Lciore I wo tit in'o the 1 ivas-
"t,;- . IVpas :uien;. I il i.nd that law iu exist-
ence. i.:-.d I was called upon by the law- itself,
I. -i i; ...on at the head of the Department, to
a .-ot of rules and regulations under that
j'-i, .vhiea priro.pal.y had reference to .  new
system, the purchasing syseni, as it was called,
a:. 1 ■■vhirh was a very admirable one, and suc-
fi-hi admirably well, and perhaps should
L.ve been continued longer; at any rate, I
th.nk it would have been better, more for the
it. crest of the Government, if it had been
-r.'aijed longer. ,
Cc.r.g ob.iged to make a new set of regula-
ti -.s. I took and I had a right to take under that
!•■ , for it was much more specitie precisely
t.._- • i -w which had been taken by the Secre-
t-re b>jfore me. I do not know how it happens
i.i..t '.ie opinion of the Solicitor of the l'reas-
. iv'.iiori was obtained by ray predecessor, is
it.-.oTifcd by me. What brought that about I do
'. Li.o '. It was not necessary that I should
il" so for my own guidance certainly. Prob-
ably 'oiae circumstance occasioned it which
'...i- now passed from my recollection, but J did
approve it. I did not see at that time the dis-
th.Ltinn existing between captured and aban-
doned property. I came to the conclusion that,
although in a case of a clear capture I had no
right to interfere in any way, which was un-
doubtedly iheopinion the other Secretaries had,
yet that upon the question whether property was
captured, whether it in reality had been taken
in that way, or whether it had been received
by one of my agents under the circumstances
set forth in the sixth section of the act of 18Gii,
it was my prerogative a? Secretary of the Treas-
ury having the matter in my hands to decide.
I reserved the right to decide whether or not
it came wiihin the description of captured or
abandoned property. But, notwithstanding
that was my opinion^ and notwithstanding that
I approved the opinion of the Solicitor, I Iiavo
been looking over the list of cases furnished,
including those decided by myself, which J
think number about twenty, and I find that in
no case that I decided, and I do not see any
deciued by the other Secretaries, where prop-
erty was ever delivered up in a ca.se of cap-
ture. Certainly I never delivered up any such
property. On the contrary, the Senator will
find on looking over the list that two or
three of the c.a.ms that came before me were
rejected on the ground that the property was
captured and not abandoned. The reasons
given in most cases were that it had been
*rongfi!ly taken or had been given by the
owner for transportation to a military officer,
and that it thus got into the possession of the
Department. There were frequent cases of
that description, where it was brought in for
loyal men by the quartermaster's department, :
arid in consequence of that came into the po«- !
session alter ward of ti.o agents of iho Treasury,
and many ot'thosoeasealongschedule ot'iliom
in the report, wore of eou:-e suoh that tho
Secretarj of tho Treasury could no* ami tho
(iovernment could i.ol with any decency pre-
tend to retain the pioperty.
I ho opinion of toe Attorney General quoted
yesterday was upon another question, and he
i- very clearly light that who:-.- propeity w.is
fairly captured property the Secretary of tho
Treasury or the Prisidont h.ul ::o po\.or what-
ever to order u commission to so'ile uhi :bor it
ought to be given up or not. That i* a citos-
tion to be settled in another tribunal: but with
reference to these small matters that It ad taken
place before that I held, as tho other Secre-
taries of the Treasury held, that the question
in the first instauce must be decided by tho
Department or i;s agent. Take the case of a
Treasury agon;: he was called upon to receive
eer.a.n cotton or certain sugar or oilier prop-
erty, tor it was not cor.linod to cotton alone,
but cotton, being the principal ar.icie, is gene-
rally alluded to. The otlicer himself might
decide, "I will not take that property: it does
not come within the description which I atn
authoiized by law to take." If, however, in
the exercise of his discretion he did take it,
and an appeal was made to his superior oilicer.
the Secretary of the Treasuiy, is it pos-'bl.- the
cons'ri.ction can be put upon the lav.- iha* alt
the Secretary of the Trt.isury could do, how-
ever it may have been received, even if it had
been taken or received under a mi-apprehen-
sion of the facts, where it was clearly not cap-
tured or abandoned, was to sell it and put the
proceeds into the Treasury ? Was h.'j .i. s'ng
Li-yond the bounds of his duty in hay log th.it it
was not clearly within the description cf the
statute and ought to be delivered up?
I can say generally, from my own knowledge,
SO far as I am concerned, and I believe it is
true in regard to the other Secreiat ies, that
the most scrupulous care was exercised. So
far as the action of my predecessor came under
my observation it certainly was, and I know I
exercised the most scrupulous care about deliv-
ering up property, and was careiul to deliver
it only m very clear cases. 1 know that the
doubt, if there was a possibility of it doubt, wa-
always givtii to the Government, and the pur-
tic-.-> cl.iiii.iiig were remitted to,tile remedy pro-
vided by the statute of lf-ti.j, which it is not
said shall be the oniy remedy; but that law
s.ij. - they may appeal within a certain time to
the Court ot Claims tor its decision. So great
was the care exercised in relation to these
matters that the interior working.- of the ar-
rangements of the Treasury Department were
so hxed as to guard if possible against any
erroneous decisions. There is a bureau, not a
bureau established by law, but a part of the
office of the Secretary of the 'Treasury, con- 1
sisting of officials under liis immediate super-
vision, set aside for the pnrpo-c of invest-
igating these claims. A very intelligent gen-
tleman was placed at the head of it, and is
there now. He has three or four clerks under
him, one a very good lawyer. Every case of a
claim coming into the Treasury from any source
for any property of this kind was at once
referred to that particular individual who had
it in charge. A detailed statement of tho case
itself, of ail the facts as proved, of the ev idence
in relation to it, of' the law as applicable to it,
the provisions of the statute under which it
came, was required iu all cases to be submit-
ted to the Secretary of the Treasury for decis-
ion. So far as I was concerned, I am per-
fectlyready to assert that no decision was made
until I had carefully examined it myself, both '
the facts and the law as stated, and read the :
whole of it, trusting nothing to the first opin- I
ion of the gentleman who had the matter in 1
charge. It sometimes happened, I cannot say
how frequently, that where he had decided in
favor of a tlaim I decided against it, and very
possibly, on the other side, where lie decided
against claims I may have decided in favor of
them. All I have to say is that I decided as
well as I knew how.
_ Now, sir. the information which has been fur-
nished to Congress with reference to this sub-'
jeol has In en quite ample. 1 do not know
whether my luentl trom Illinois I hp seen the
report made in reply to a cull of the lioi.se of
lloprcsentai ives at tiio lust Congress, contained
in llouso Kxecutivu Document No. W, L'liirty-
Ninth Congress, second session.
Mr. TUl MHL'LL. \cs, bir; 1 have it be-
fore 1110.
iir. rESSEXDEN. The Secretary of tho
Treasury there explains very fully how this
whole matter was conducted. I will read a
few oxtiaets from that report. On page 3 the
Secretary says :
"liuriup tlie summer of lSiiii considerable cotton
Wiis biuupht lorwiml by tho owneis unit voluntarily
abandoned l>y the iiyents u.doii iliuii- u.-<ui.nice that
thu i-iciri'iiny would promptly hour thou- nitc.-, ami.
U satl-lied ot'their loyally and uivutiuliip lio would
al oiioo retu.use it. Tins miMukewiis piompily cor-
rected by tho then Suurutury, who tell that it would
bo unju*t to parlies who h.nl volununly delivered
their propertv to iiKeuts of the United States upon
such it -.-uianeeo to roiain it mid -end them to tho Court
ol Claims lor relief, llo theretore dueeted releases
to !>>• made in all sucii eases upon payment of tho
expoii-e- ineuiiid, the internal revenue tax, and
other Government dues."
That comprehends a considerable number of
cases which I think the Senator will find in
schedule A, annexed to the report.
" I nder tho system of contracting with parties lor
eollectinj. pntuns iu order lor shipment, and deliv-
ering nt do.-'j;ualed points, many irregularities also
occurred. Contractors, anxious tor itinn, were some-
times guilt> of had laith mid peculation, and l'rc-
'inently took possession ol cotton nnd delivered it
undei contracts us captured or abandoned, when in
laet it nus .not such, and nicy had no right to touch
it unucr their contracts or under the acts ot Cotiftrcss.
Kt'.-iuents and others in the districts where these
PiTuln"oti< were eoing on took advantiiRo of tho
unseitu-d condition ot the country, and. rcpicsent-
in,' themselves as agents of this Department, went
about robbing under such pretended authority, and
tli in added to the difficulties of the -ituat ion by cau <-
ms unju-t opprobrium and suspirion to rest upon
oliicers engaged in tlio i.nthtul discharge of their
dutK <. Agents, also sometimes imposed upon, and
sometimes misunderstanding their duties, frequently
received or collected property nnd sent it forward,
which the law did not authorize them to take, l'er-
sons thus wrongfully deprived of their property fol-
lowed it and appealed to the .Seeretnry lor its restor-
ation. I hese appeals were considei d by the Secre-
tary. and it be w;is satistied that the property was
not siii li as the nets authoiized the agents to receive
or collect he ordered that it or its proceeds should
be returned to the owner, liut this again led to other
complications-. Tho success ot the bona fide applica-
tion-: by owner.- opened to bad men an oppoitunity
tor gain by iuipo.-ing on the Department in repre-
senting that cotton which Inid come to its possession
had been wiouclully taken trom tlicin by the agents,
and petitioning lor its release. They submitted with
their petitions prools which, although seemingly
conclusive, were often false. Thus the applicutions
made in good faith and in which the parties worn
fairly entitled to ielief, and those made in had faith
upon faii-peeming though false proofs to defraud the
Government, forced upon the Department great caro
and labor. It was olten very difficult, it not impos-
sible, to discriminate between fraudulent and bona
fide cases, and no duty devolving upon the present
•Secretary has caused him more perplexity nnd care
and aniiety than that connected wuh this subject."
Again:
" Afterlhesurrenderof the armiesof therebcllion,
the t-ecietary desired to recall all agents engaged in
executing the acts of Congress relating to captured
and abnndoued property, and to receive and dispose
ot only such as should be delivered by military forces
to customs oCiccrs at shipping ports, nnd circular
directions vveregiven accordinglyon the 27th of Juno,
vm.
" 15ut it was urged that the cotton and other prop-
erty which belonged to the so-called confederate
government was scattered all through tho lately in-
surrectionary States, and that the rapid withdrawal
of the im itary forces would render it impossible for
tiiem to take possession of this property and deliver
it to shipping points. It was also urged that all prop-
erty belonging to tho so-called eonlederate govern-
ment at the time of the surrender should be considered
and treated as captured propel tv, and that tho plain
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, under the acts
of Congress above referred to, required him tooolleot
and dispose of it."
It was under that view that the Secretary
undertook to see what he could secure abroad,
where cargoes, one curgo especially, of cotton,
had arrived, and been seized by one of our
consuls there, which had been sold by the con-
federate government alter the collapse of the
rebellion. Again, on page 5 he says:
"It is proper to state that judicial proceedings have
been commenced, and in several cascsaro still pend-
ing, prosecuted lor the recovery of property which
had heon taken and disposed of as captured proporty.
