3580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
because there is a bill already in the House
of Representatives providing for the charities
of this District, and this belongs in that bill,
and we struck it out for that reason.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Suppose that bill does
not pass ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was con-
cluded it would pass, of course. It is a bill
providing for the hospitals and institutions
here. There will be no difficulty about that.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the objection to
permitting it to stand in this bill as the House
placed it in this bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What reason
was there for dividing them? Why should we
act on them by bits? The House departed
from the usual course of putting these charities
in this bill and thought it best to provide for
them by a distinct bill. If that is to be the
policy, of course they ought all to go together,
I submit, and for that reason the committee
thought the charities had better be considered
together and not divided, inasmuch as the
House had adopted that policy.
Mr. HARLAN. If there is no other reason.
I think it wiser to permit this to stand, for if
all these charities are put in one bill, and each
item should receive some opposition, the bill
itself may fail, and this is an item that ought
not to be permitted to fail, as it seems to rae.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But I hardly
presume the Senator supposes that this is more
deserving than the hospital for the insane, the
lunatic asylum, and a great many other objects
which I presume will not fail. I do not under-
stand that there is any controversy about this,
but it ought to go with the others.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this clause had
better remain in this bill; it will be safer. There
is no controversy about it, and there may be a
controversy in regard to the other bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
if this is not the appropriation which has been
made for several years to the Providence hos-
pital?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think this is
the Carroll hospital. I am told it is the same
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it in any other bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; it is in
no other bill. But the reason the committee
1 n?^ c^00se to ?onsider it in this bill, was
that all these chanties for this District are pro-
posed to be put into a separate bill now before
the House, and we thought if that was so, it
was hardly worth while to consider them piece-
meal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this had better
stay in this bill.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. It should go into some
bill.
Mr, SUMNER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CONKLING and others. Let us finish
the amendments to the bill.
_ Mr. SUMNER. We cannot finish them. I
insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; there beinrr on a
division—yeas 18, nays 15.
printing of amendments.
Mr. MORGAN. While the doors are being
closed I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to offer some amendments to the bill
ia 1100) to amend an act entitled
| An act to regulate the carriage of passengers
in steamships and other vessels, and for other
purposes," which I ask to have printed and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
bills tntkoduced.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No._581) to provide for the election of certain
territorial officers by the people; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 582) to incorporate the District of Colum-
bia Concrete Stone Company ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
enrolled bill signed.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House of'
Representatives had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (H. R. No. 316) extending the time
for the completion of the Northern Pacific
railroad; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
executive session.
_ The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after
some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate took a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
army rules and articles
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate , as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 529) establishing rules and
articles for the government of the armies of
the United States.
The bill was read at length.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, was in article
seven, line three, to strike out the word "and."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
mere verbal amendment, and will be consid-
ered as made unless there be objection.
The next amendment was in line two, article
thirty-seven, to strike out the word "powers"
and insert " power."
I he PRIiSIDENT_p?-o tempore. This verbal
amendment will also be made, unless there be
objection.
_ The next amendment was in article forty-six,
line eight, to strike out the word "delivering"
and insert " delivery."
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. This amend-
ment will also be considered as made without
objection.
The next amendment was in article eighty-
nine, line eleven, to strike out the word "the"
and insert "a."
The PRESIDENTprotewpore. Thisverbal
amendment will be made.
The next amendment was in the second sec-
tion of the bill, after the word "articles" to
strike out "of war;" so as to read, "that
the rules and articles by which the armies of
the United States have heretofore been gov-
erned," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In lines eight, nine, and
ten, of article eight, I move to strike out the
words " the provisions of an act establishing
rules and articles for the government of the
armies of the United States," and to insert
the word "law." This is in the oath of the
members of a court-martial, requiring them to
try the matter before them and administer jus-
tice "according to law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In the third line of article
twelve I move to strike out the word "com-
mon" before " laws;" so as to make it read:
In timo of war or public danger military com-
missions may be constituted, and shall have j urisdic-
tion over all offenses and offenders against the jaws
of war not cognizable by courts-martial.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In article seventeen, line
fifteen, after the word "required" I move to
insert " by the order constituting the court •"
so as to provide in regard to courts of inquiry:
This court shall have tho same power to summon
witnesses as a court-martial, and to examine tl? m
on oath; but tboy shall not givo their opiSon on tZ
merits of the case excepting they shall bo thereto
coS re<imred by tha order constituting the
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The word "excepting,"
in the clause last read, ought to be "unless."
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeThat
amendment will be made, their being no
objection.
Mr. WILSON. In line four of article forty-
two, after the word " of," I move to insert "or
omission to performso as to read: '
Any officer who shall accept money or any other ■
thing by way of bribe or gratification, on mustering
any troops, or in signing the muster-rolls thereof,
or in consideration of the performance of or omis-
sion to perform any other official duty, shall be cash-
iered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. After the word "foreign,"
in the fifth line of the forty-eighth section, I
move to insert the words "or insurrection ;"
so as to read, "in time of war, civil or for-
eign, or insurrection."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In line six of article fifty-
two I move to strike out the words " between
the ages of sixteen and," and insert "under
the age of." The object is not to haye any
enlistment in the Army of persons under
eighteen years of age. Children sixteen years
old ought not to be enlisted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In line eight of the same
article I move to strike out "sixteen" and
insert "eighteen," to conform to the amend-
ment just made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In article sixty-two, line
two, after the word "foreign," I move to
insert "or insurrection."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In line five of article eighty-
five, after the word "President," I move to
insert "pursuant to law," so as to read,
"which are declared by the President, pursu-
ant to law, to be in a state of insurrection or
rebellion."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, I think, omitted the insertion of
the words "or insurrection" on the twenty-
fifth page, in line four, of the sixty-eighth
article. I think the words "or insurrection"
should be inserted there, after the word
"rebellion."
Mr. WILSON. The word "rebellion" is
there, and I think that substantially amounts
to the same thing. But the words may be put
m if the Senator desires. They will not do
any harm.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
mont will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. On the last line of the
twenty-sixth page, in the seventy-sixth article,
the word "whatsoever" should be "whomso-
ever."
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is right as it is.
^r- -^OMEROY. "Whomsoever" would
be better ; it refers to persons, not to things.
Mr. WILSON. The clause reads now:
-rny offioer or non-commissioned officer com-
mandmg a guard shall knowingly suffer any person
Pushed as ^fallenger!0 ^ * dUel he 6haU be
that tad better stand as it is.
®nMUNDS. It is right.
. ?r* POMEROY. If the Senator thinks it
is right, I will make no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I offer as an amendment,
to come in as a new article, after article one
hundred and one :
Any officer in the military scrvicc who shall be
convicted by court-martial of (rambling, shall be
casmered; and any officer having in his possession or
•'??,accountable for public funds who shall be con-
victed by court-martial of gambling or bcttine shall
becashiered. ''
Mr. JOHNSON. What does the honorable
member mean by gambling? Does he mean
that any officer who, in his mess, bets a quar-
ter or half a dollar, or a dollar, on a game of
whist, or any other game of cards, shall be
cashiered? It would deprive officers of almost
the only pleasure they have in time of peace.
