1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
expenses. Then there was released to claim-
ants property amounting to $1,300,000, so
that the actual expenses of collection were
$4,469,000, being about four and a half mil-
lions. Whether that was too much or too lit-
tle it is not for me to say. Undoubtedly there
were some losses; undoubtedly there were many
frauds; and with the great variety of agents that
were employed it would be very strange if it
were otherwise. Undoubtedly the expenses
were enormous; we know them to have been
so. The expenses of transportation were very
great.
There were a great many things in connec-
tion with the business which involved expgnses
that had to be met in one way or another.
When the items come to be examined and it
is found that there has been either corruption
or gross carelessness on the part of the account-
ing officers of the Treasury—for the bills all
went through the accounting officers, and they
settled the accounts for what we paid—it will
be time enough then to rebuke the Secretary
for his management of this great fund. All I
have to say is, that so far as I am aware, or
know anything about the facts, I do not believe
any money has been intentionally misapplied
by anybody or has been lost through the care-
lessness of the officers at the head of the
Treasury Department or connected with the
Department itself. Many agents undoubtedly
were bad agents, proved to be so, and from
the nature of the case it could not well be
otherwise.
As I see that my friend from Vermont is
now in his seat, I will ask liim whether there
are not some vhalf a dozen cases which the
Secretary states are the only cases remaining
before this matter can be closed up, which
were submitted to the committee of which he
is chairman, beginning with the case of Rose-
cranz and others?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are three or four
or live, 1 do not know the precise number, a
small number of cases, that were under con-
sideration under this practice at the Treasury
Department when the attention of the sub-
committee having particular chaFge of this
subject of the committee of which I am chair-
man was called to the matter; and that sub-
committee, as I stated yesterday, addressed a
letter to the Secretary, it not being convenient
at that time to take the opinion of Congress
upon it, asking liim tp suspend any payments
until some further steps should be taken about
it, either until the sub-committee should in-
vestigate and be satisfied that the allowances
claimed were perfectly equitable, or until Con-
gress should lake some further action. As I
said yesterday, it is due to the honor and good
faith of the Secretary to say that he complied,
not only promptly, but cheerfully. He said
that he was perfectly willing to do it, and was
desirons of having the advice of Congress,
or of any committee they chose to appoint.
Those claims, therefore, have stood unpaid
since. The sub-committee to which I have
referred has been investigating one or two of
them, and I believe is engaged in that yet.
Whether it is best to let that sub-committee
continue to investigate and have them disposed
of in this summary way, or to let them go
through the regular course provided by law,
will be for the Senate to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will ob-
serve, with regard to these half a dozen cases,
that the claimants have already lost their right
to appeal to the Court of Claims by lapse of
time, although the cases have been before the
Treasury Department, and have been consid-
ered, there, as I understand, as meritorious
cases. Consequently, if this resolution passes
and everything is paid into the Treasury, the
result will be that their cases cannot be con-
sidered except by coming to Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS." Have they not already
applied to the Court of Claims?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand not. They
relied with so much confidence on the justice
and clearness of their cases that they have
lost their remedy, and if this resolution be
passed before those claims are disposed of it
will have the effect of cutting them off. I un-
derstand that is the only objection in the way
of passing it. There is no objection to it on
the part of the Treasury Department. It is
only in reference to these few claims where it
is thought the property or its proceeds ought
to be delivered up that there is believed to be
any occasion for withholding it for the present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to its
being allowed to lie over until those cases can
be further investigated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know my friend from
Illinois is a very sanguine man and he will not
consent to anything of that description, but
will push the matter through. I shall not make
the request, though I think it no more than
justice and right that it should be deferred for
a few days until the committee of this body and
of the other House that has these cases under
examination shall say whether they ought to
be paid or not; and when they have decided
that question there will be no objection on the
part of anybody to passing the resolution.
But, sir, my opinion is that it will be hardly
justice and right to insist that all the moneys
under the control of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with all these liabilities upon him, there
being only two sums reserved and the objection
applying to but one shall be paid at once into
the Treasury, leaving some of the expenses
unpaid, leaving all these liabilities upon the
officers of the Government who have been sued
before the courts to be disposed of as they
may be disposed of, and leaving the Secretary
himself liable to suit. I do not suppose any
of this money was retained by him on his own
account, for I believe there is a law which
authorizes his protection ; but why leave him
liable to all the vast claims that may be made
against him under the confusion that has arisen
out of this state of things?
Now, sir, my object, so far as I am con-
cerned, is attained. After the rather severe
remarks made yesterday by my friend from Illi-
nois with regard to the general management of
this business I felt somewhat restive, because I
had my part of it. I really do think that very
great injustice is frequently done to officers of
the Government who are charged with very
important, very onerous, and very embarrass-
ing duties by listening to every suggestion that
maj be made of impropriety of conduct before
it 13 investigated by a committee; without
looking into all the facts connected with it, and
thus prejudicing the public mind against what
may have been and is presumed to have been
an honest discharge of public duty. I know
with regard to this particular subject it is the
most embarrassing one that has come before
the Secretaries of the Treasury from the begin-
ning of the war. The troubles and vexations
we had in reference to it were almost enough
to drive any man crazy. I know that I dis-
charged my duties with regard to it, according
to my understanding of the law, to the best of
my ability and the best of my judgment.
Nobody doubts that Mr. Chase did; and I say
here there is nothing, absolutely nothing, in
my belief, in the conduct of the Secretary of
the Treasury who succeeded me, and who is at
present Secretary of the Treasury, in his
administration of it that should call for any-
thing but praise for the exertions he has made
to make the most of it and to manage the
affair, multifarious and troublesome as it was,
to the best advantage of all concerned.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not detain the
Senate a moment in regard to this matter but
for a single remark made by the Senator from
Illinois yesterday. When I spoke yesterday I
did not speak from the record or with the offi-
cial papers before me. I made the declara-
tion that after the opinion of Attorney General
Speed had been given the Secretary of the
Treasury had conformed his conduct to that
opinion. Much to my surprised the Senator
from Illinois at once corrected me in that
statement, and said that that could not be so,
and referred to the official document before
him as proof that I was mistaken in my dec-
laration, and stated that I could not have read
it. I had read the papers, and made the state-
ment in consequence of my general recollection
of what was contained in the official papers,
and also from the statements made to me by
the Secretary of the Treasury himself when I
was examining into the matter in the Treasury
Department. I was therefore very much sur-
prised when the Senator corrected me by stat-
ing that; but in the very document which lay
on his table before him, in the report of the
Secretary, the Secretary himself says precisely
I what I did. He says:
\ "This opinion of the Attorney General has since
; governed the action of this Department,is to eases
i considered as fairly coming within tlio purview of
I the same."
That was all I said. The Secretary himself,
1 in the very document the Senator referred to,
i n?akes the same declaration that I did.
: Mr. TRUMBULL. Where does the Senator
read from ?
Mr. SHERMAN. From page 3 of the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury to tha
Senate:
" In accordance with the views above stated, the
cases specified in statement B. hereto annexed, havo
been examined and allowed by the present Secre-
tary and his immediate predecessor in office. Upon
due proof of any unlawful taking of private prop-
erty by agents of the Department, the facts being
shown by satisfactory affidavits, the reports of agents,
or by other adequate written evidence, tho agents
holding such property have been ordered to restoro
the same to tno owners, or the proceeds, if not actu-
ary covered into the Treasury, have been paid to
them by order of the Department."
All that I said, and what is now shown to be
true, is this: that the Secretary had complied
: with the opinion first of the Solicitor, until
! that was modified by the opinion of the Attor-
ney General, and then had complied with the
opinion of the Attorney General, and had
simply followed the same course of action as
his predecessors, and therefore he could not
properly be blamed for anything he had done.
Now, in regard to the merits of the proposi-
tion, when this resolution came from the House
I was appointed a sub committee of the Com-
mittee on Finance to examine into the matter.
I did so, and I found that of the $'j4,000,000,
the proceeds ofabandoued and captured prop-
• erty, $24,700,000 had been covered into the
Treasury, and the balance ha,d been expended,
with the exception of $1,200', 000, $500,000 of
which was deposited to secure a bond given by
the collector of New York when he seized the
property captured by General Sherman, and
$700,000 was still retained in the hands of tha
Treasurer, but not covered into the Treasury
technically, to pay expenses that were then
accruing and also to settle a few unadjusted
claims believed to be equitable in themselves,
but which had not been determined. The Sec-
retary expressed his willingness at once to allow
this money to be covered into the Treasury,
when as a matter of course it would be beyond
his power or order, but made the statement
that until these matters were disposed of it
could not properly be done. The Committee
on Finance, I believe without a division, agreed
that it was better to postpone any final action
upon the House resolution until sufficient time
was allowed to settle these unadjusted accounts.
As a matter of principle it is wrong to retain
special funds of this kind in the power of any-
body. We all felt the force of that. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury ought not to have it
within his power to draw frbm any fund at
pleasure. It should only be done by warrants
drawn in accordance with the appropriations, so
that the two Houses or some proper court might
pass upon his action. There is no doubt about
that; and therefore this fund ought to be re-
moved as soon as possible from the control of
the Secretary of the Treasury. However, under
the special circumstances stated by him to us
in his report, we deemed it proper to continue
the matter until this session. But it seems now
that since that time another committee of the
body has to some extent delayed the settlement
of these claims. That was a fact not known to
m«. Still I think if this resolutiou should pass
