1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
entitled "An act to establish certain post
roads." It proposes, I think, a general bridge
bill for all railroads across the Ohio river above
the mouth of the Licking. It might be well
to recommit that, also, with instructions to
await such a report as the Senator may get by
the plan I suggest from the War Office. I
think there is even another bill, but the title
of it I do not now recollect.
I can say to the Senator from Indiana that
when the subject of bridging the upper Mis-
sissippi river at some half a dozen points was
before the Post Office Committee the commit-
tee consulted the best engineers who had turned
their attention to that subject—one of the en-
gineers of the War Office and others—and had
correspondence with a number of persons in-
terested in the navigation of that river. The
committee kept up their inquiry during several
months, obtaining all the information they
possibly could upon the subject. They did not
rashly and inconsiderately stipulate the terms
upon which the bridges were to be erected. A
span of three hundred feet was all that was
asked for by the interests of navigation then.
The board of commerce and other persons, who
devoted themselves especially to the interest
of navigation m the city of St. Louis, asked
for but a span of three hundred feet; and the
size of draw-bridge for which we provided is
larger even than was asked for by that interest.
Our action was taken considerately and upon
the best information that could be obtained by
the committee. I do not think it would be
wise to modify what was then agreed upon, or to
take any further steps in the matter until the
information which has been called for from the
War Office shall have been obtained. I would
respectfully suggest to the Senator that he also
call upon the War Office for some proper plan
of constructing bridges upon the Ohio river.
The two interests are antagonistic to each
other. The railroads require a bridge inex-
pensive and without regard probably to the
preservation of the navigation of the river.
Upon the other hand the river interest would
almost deny a bridge at all crossing the stream.
A compromise somewhere between the two
antagonistic interests must be struck. Where
it can be done is of course a question of science.
The engineer bureau of the War Office had
better be consulted so as to give us the best
data on the subject. 1 have moved the recon-
sideration so as to bring the matter to the no-
tice of the Senate again, and the Senator from
Indiana, if it is agreeable to him, can propose
to recommit the other bill.
Mr. MORTON. I will move to recommit
the other bill. Does the Senator withdraw his
motion to reconsider the recommitment of the
Paducali bill?
Mr. JtAMSEY. IwilliftheSenatorwishesit.
Mr. MORTON". Before that is done I de-
sire to lay before the Senate some additional
papers that I have received since last Thurs-
day. It was remaiked by the Senator from
'Kansas, [Mr. Pomeboy,] I believe, on that
occasion, in speaking of what I bad alleged as
to the great width of tows of coal boats, salt
boats, and iron boats, that there was no evi-
dence that they were one hundred and fifty
feet wide. J have here several affidavits from
coal and salt men of Pittsburg and along the
Ohio river in \vhich this method of shipping is
described. First I will present one from Mr.
Willock:
PiTTSiiciiG, May 22,1868.
Sir: In answer to your inquiry as to what size
tows we take out with the tow-boat Diamond, I would
say that our tows usually are as follows:
When bitched up in three lengths,fivehutidrod and
thirty feet long and ninety-six feet wide (530K96.)
When hitched up in two lengths, four hundred feet
long by one hundred and forty-tour feet wide (400X
141)
Or, in other words, say from one hundred and
twenty to one hundred and fifty thousand bushels
coal.
Yours, truly, JOHN S. WILLOCK.
For Hays's Coal Company,
John F. Dkaw, esq.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 22d day of
May, A. I). 1868., JOSEPH SNOWDEN,
Notary Public.
(notarial seal.]
I next submit the deposition of Mr. Fawcett:
Pittsburg, May 22,1868.
Bear Sir: In compliance with your request, I
would state that tlio steamer Boaz left here m Jan-
uary last with a tow of coal consisting of nine coal
boats and two fuel boats, the space in width covered
by this ileet being about one hundred and forty feet
andinlength,including steamboat, say four bundled
and ninety feet. Total amount of coal two hundred
thousand bushels.
Yours, truly, THOMAS FAWCETT.
John J?. Draw, esq., President Coal Exchange.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 22d day of
May,A.p.l868., JOSEPH SNOWDEN.
[Notarial seal.]
Notary Public.
The next deposition is that of Mr. Brown:
Pittsburg, May 22,186S.
Dear Sir: In answer to your inquiries as to the
dimensions of coal tows shipped by mo, I have to
reply as follows:
Steamer Shark, fourteen barges: length of towfive
hundied and eighty-five tect,widthonehundredand
twenty-fivo feet, contents one hundred and sixty
thousand bushels.
Steamer Mary Allice, twelveboats; length of tow
fiye hundred and forty feet, width one hundred and
fifty feet, contents two hundred and forty thousand
bushels.
These are among our largest tows, and require a
favoratele stage of water and wide spans to insure
safety.
Also, toy losses by detention occasioned by Steu-
benville bridge, without taking into account contact
with piers, amounts to over eight thousand dollars
annually.
Yours, truly, . WILLIAM II. BROWN.
John I<\ Draw, President Coal Exchange.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 22d day of
M|NkiriaiseS'l JOSEPH SNOWDEN,
LiNotdiial seal.J Notary Public.
I wish to call the especial attention of the Sen-
ate to the contents of that deposition. In one
tow they take two hundred and forty thousand
bushels of coal, equal to eight thousand five
hundred and seventy-two tons, or five hundred
and seventy-three car loads. This coal oper-
ator states that his losses from simple deten-
tions at the Steubenville bridge in one year,
independent of collision or destruction pro-
duced by contact with the bridge, was $8,000.
The Steubenville bridge has furnished us an
experience that river men never had before.
It has been shown by absolute experience at
Steubenville, which is a point in the river favor-
able to building a bridge, perhaps as favorable
a point as could be found with a view to the
current, the river being straight, it has been
shown by the Steubenville bridge that naviga-
tion must be seriously and dangerously ob-
structed by a bridge with a span of only three
hundred feet. This is not mere theory, but it
is the result of absolute experience. Before
that time a three hundred feet span had not
been tried on the Ohio, but now it has been
tried, and this is the result. In this connec-
tion I desire to present sojne further testimony:
Pittsburg, May 22,1868.
Sir: In reply to your inquiries concerning the size
of tows of coal taken down the Ohio river by our tow-
boat, we would say that the steam or Coal Hill, on the
1st of May, 1868, took fourteen barges of coal, the
length of the same being five hundred and forty feet,
including the steamboat, and the width of the same
boing ono hundred and twenty feet. Also on the 3d
of May, 1867, the same steamer took el even (11) barges,
the length of which was four hundred and twenty
feet and the width of the same was one hundred and
sixty feet. GEORGE LYSLE, SONS & CO.
John 1\ Draw, esq., President of Coal Exchange.
City of Pittsburg, *?..•
Before me, an alderman in and for said city, per-
sonally came A. Lysle, one of the firm of George
Lysie, Sons & Co., who, upon oath duly administered
according to law, says that the above statement is
just and correct. ADDISON LYSLE.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 22d clay of
May, A. D. 1868. ANDREW HUMBERT,
Alderman and Justice of the Peace.
Pittsburg, May 23,1868.
Dear Sir: In compliance with your request we
would state that the tow-boats Simpson Horner,
Mary Ann, and Stella, have taken out the follow- \
ingtows: j
March 11, 1868.—Tow-boat Simpson Horner, six 1
(6) coal boats, tour (4) barges, and one (1) French !
Creek, containing one hundred and seventy-two j
thousand eight hundred and Gighty-eight (172.888) :
bushels. Length of tow, including steamboat, four !
hundred and eighty-live (485) leot; width of tow one j
hundred and fifty Q50j feet. j
April},#, 1868.—Tow-boat Mary Ann, two (2) coal j
boats, five (oj barges, one (1) hull, and one (1) French |
5 my
[Notarial seal.]
Creek, containing one hundred «nd thirty-aeverr-
thousand niuo hundred and ninety-seven (137,997)
bushels, Length of tow, including steamboat, four
hundred and sixty-seven (467) feet; width of tow
one hundred and thirty seven (137) feet
May /, 1868.—Tow-boat Stella, five (5) coal boats,
two (J) barges, three (3) French Creess, containing
one hundred and fifty-one thousand nine hundred
and ninety-nine (lol,999) bushels. Length of tow
including steamboat, five hundred (500) feet; width
of tow one hundred and twenty-five (125) feet
Yours, &c., HORNER, WOOD & CO.,
Per Barrows.
John F. Draw, President Coal Exchange, Pittsburg*
Pennsylvania.  
State of Pennsylvania, Alleghany county:
Before me, a notary public in and for said Alle-
ghany county and city of Pittsburg, State of Penn-
sylvania, personally came Richard Barrows, who,
being duly sworn accordins to law, doth depose and
say that the foregoiDg statements are true.
RICHARD BARROWS.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, May25,1368.
Witness my hand and notarial seal.
LEONARD S. JOHNS,
Notary Public.
_ I shall be glad to hare the motion to recon-
sider prevail, and then have all the bills that
appertain to bridging the Ohio river recom-
mitted to the committee, that they may have
the whole subject under consideration; and
then I will offer a resolution calling on the Sec-
retary of War to have a survey made aad a
report from engineers on the subject. There
is a commission of that kind already in exist-
ence in regard to the upper Mississippi, and I
shall ask to have it extended to the Ohio.
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course, Mr. President,
we who live on the Mississippi river would be
very glad if bridges could be dispensed with
entirely, but that is not likely to be the case,
and we cannot expect that the bridge interest
shall be entirely sacrificed. When this matter,
was before the Post Office Committee some two
years since we thought we made a very fair
compromise; we got terms out of the railroad
interest that we did not at first expect to suc-
ceed in obtaining when we commenced oir
investigation.
The legislation on the subject of bridges in
charge of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, as is witnessed by the act of July
25, 1866, was intended to be, and really was,
highly protective of the interests of navigation.
For the first time in our history the span of
the main channel was required to be three hun-
dred feet; the height of the span above high-
water mark was first fixed at fifty feet; the piers
were required to be parallel with the current,
to guard against the mischief occasioned by the
misconstruction in this respect of the piers of
the lioek Island bridge. If the bridge should
be a draw, as might be required in certain
localities, then two open spaces of one hun-
dred and sixty feet on either side of the pivot
pier were insisted on. All of these details were
the suggestions of engineers and others repre-
senting the river interest, and the spans and ele-
vations were invariably greater than the rail-
road interests desired. And that the interests
of navigation might be entirely secured the act
of July 25, 1866, concluded in the thirteenth
section as follows:
" That the right to alter or amend this act so as to
prevent or remove all material obstructions to the
navigation ofsaid river by the construction of bridges
is hereby expressly reserved."
So, Mr. President, the Senate may congratu-
late itself upon its watchful care over the
interests of the great rivers of the continent.
But bridges will be erected, raiiroads will
be constructed, and the rivalries of these inter-
ests must be harmonized ; the pilots upon our
rivers must be up to the march of the times,
and by their alertness and skill learn to carry
the crops in their charge as safely through a
span ot three hundred or live hundred feet, as
in more primitive times, when bridges on the
great rivers were unknown ; they navigated
then in the full face of the river. Times
change and men must change with them.
I have already stated that the bridge policy
contained in our legislation of July 2-5, 1866,
was regarded as a great advantage to the navi-
gation interest; in fact, in that legislation the
