1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
can grasp the idea, you can readily determine
for yourself whether you are for or against it;
but in a matter like this, which depends on
language, when we are directing the mode of
proceeding in points which in many respects
may affect the organization of a high court, I
think we cannot be too careful. A previous
rule provides for giving the court power to
make orders, and I think we had much better
leave the whole of this matter to the court.
To undertake to go into it now may lead to
difficulty 5 and yet we are forced, notwithstand-
ing the exhaustion of nature, to vote on all
these questions without consideration. I object
to the section now pending passing in its pres-
ent form. If I had time I might move to cut
it down, perhaps very materially, and alter its
phraseology altogether. As it 'is, I move to
strike out the section as it stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Pom-
eroy, in the chair.] The Senator from Dela'
ware moves to strike out the eighth rule.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before the question is
taken on the motion to strike out, I move to
amend by inserting after the word "fail" the
words "upon order," so as to read "or appear-
ing shall fail, upon order, to file his answer."
I suppose there is 110 objection to this modifi-
cation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this motion will
not be agreed to. It is the practice of juris-
prudence in my section of the country when
you issue a writ against a man to require him
to appear in court on a certain day and answer,
to put in hjg defense. He comes and he must
put it in, or he must show to the court a satis-
factory reason why. The object of this rule as
I understand—-that is the fair import of it—is
that it is the duty of a respondent or an im-
peachment to put in his "answer," which
embraces every species of defense that a man
may make ; and then, like all other defend-
ants in court, ho has a right to apply to the
court for further time if he thinks he lias not
had sufficient time. The form of the summons,
which is the ancient form, requires the de-
fendant to appear at a certain day and then and
there to make answer to the articles of im-
peachment. There is nothing unusual and
there is nothing unjust about it. Suppose you
issue a notice for thirty days hence from any
time articles are filed or when the summons
goesjifthetimeisnotsufficient forthe respond-
ent to prepare his answer to file on the return
day, all he has to do is, as Judge Peck did in
the Missouri case, to apply to the court for
further time, and then justice will be done.
_Mr. IIO WARD. This rule can work 110 sur-
prise upon the accused. The rules require that
a summons shall issue to him after the articles
are filed 111 the Senate, and that there shall be
attached to the summons a certified copy of
the charges themselves, so that the charges are
served upon him at the same moment that he
is directed by the summons to appear. He has,
therefore, all the time that elapses between the
date of the service of the summons and the ap-
pearance day to prepare and put in his answer
or liis plea, whatever it may be. If he should
want further time it would be a very easy thing
for him to apply to the court. But the present
amendment contemplates a separate order, to
be made by the court after the accused has ap-
peared, and after he has been served with a
certified copy of the articles of impeachment.
I think that is entirely unnecessary.
One word further, sir, as to the objection
raised by the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard.] He seems to make a
distinction between an answer and a plea. In
a certain sense there is a distinction, of course,
between an answer and a plea—an answer per-
taining to a court of equity and a plea to a
court of law; but it is quite plain that the sense
in which the word "answer" is used here
embraces a plea as well as a formal answer. It
is th® reply which the aeeused has to make to
the whole accusation. So-I understand it, and
I think it. can admit of 110 other meaning.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am somewhat sur-
prised by the objection made to the adoption
of this amendment. 1 supposed it would be
contemplated by the Senator from Vermont
and the Senator from Michigan that the court
should have control of the question of the time
when a full answer should be made to the arti-
cles of impeachment. It was not the design
of the rule, 1 presume, to fetter the court as
to. the time when the answer should be made.
It was simply, as I understand it, to provide
that if answer should not be made, if the party
impeached should be in contempt, a plea
should be entered in default of his making one
for himself. Now, sir, 1 propose these words :
that his plea shall beentcred upon order under
penalty of the consequences stated in the rule,
to wit. that a pica shall be entered for liim, to
meet this case : suppose a party is brought into
this high court of impeachment, and instead
of answering the articles lie is advised by his
counsel that ho has good cause to enter a
dilatory motion or plea; suppose he moves to
quash the articles, to strike out, certain articles
lor defects in law, before he makes his answer
to the whole charge. Of course the court, will
have power to hear such a plea, a plea in abate-
ment or a motion to quash, before requiring
hi in to answer. All I propose is, to leave to
the court the decision of all that. If they
choose to hear motions of that sort they can
do so. If, however, they choose to order the
party accused to answer the whole charge, they
can make such order, and he is obliged to
answer at once. My motion is necessary in
order to reserve to the court full control over
its own proceedings; that is all; and to allow
it to require an answer at the proper time.
If this is to have the effect of controlling the
court in any way whatever my amendment is
necessary. If, however, the court is to do
just what it pleases, no matter what our rule
is, it shows that we are pursuing a foolish
course in attempting to establish those rules.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The amendment was rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, on the motion of the Senator from
Delaware, to strike out the section.
^ Mr. WILLI AMS. 1 move to amend the sec-
tion by inserting the words "after service" in
the fifth line from the bottom of the section;
so that it will read "if the accused, after ser-
vice, shall fail to appear," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
that, if anybody supposes it to be necessary;
but the next rale requires that the returning
officer 011 the return day shall swear that he
has made the service. If, however, my friend
thinks the insertion of that word is necessary
there is no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
The amendment, was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs, 011 the motion of the Senator
from Delaware, to strike out the section.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. J did not hear the re-
mark made by the Senator from Michigan,
giving construction to the word "answer." 1
am a little uncertain about that; and, to ascer-
tain his views as much as for any other purpose,
I move to strike out in the third line before
the last the words " file his answer," and to
insert instead thereof the words "plead, an-
swer, or demur;" so that it shall read "if the
accused shall fail to appear either in person or
by attorney 011 the day so fixed tlierefoi as
aforesaid, or, appearing, shall fail to plead, an-
swer, or demur," &c. I do not think tbeword
"answer" would include the word "demur;"
but I do not know, for I have not looked into
the practice sufficient!), and I should like to
hear the opinion of the Senator from Michigan
on that subbject, how an accused may raise
the question as to the sufficiency of any one
of the specifications; whether it is upon
demurrer or upon motion to squash, or how-
he shall obtain the judgment of the Senate
upon the sufficiency of the whole or any of
the specifications. With a view to get the
Senator's views on that subject, as much as
for any other purpose, I move this amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt that the
word "answer" includes a formal answer, a
plea either to the jurisdiction or the merits,
so to speak, or a demurrer. I am especially
confident that it includes a demurrer. I do not
mean a demurrer on account of mere form,
which we call a special demurrer, but a gen-
eral demurrer. A general demurrer raises the
question of the legality of the accusation, of
the lawful ground upon which it rests, and -
covers many other things, to be sure ; but it
covers the entire law of the case. So I un-
derstand it, and it would be a perfectly full
answer to the articles of impeachment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With that explanation
I do not, think my amendment is necessary.
Mr. HO WARD. I do not think it is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that be the construc-
tion of those words (and in the absence of any
opinion expressed in the Senate to the con-
trary I will assume that to be the construction
the Senate now puts upon these words) I with-
draw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no amend-
ment be proposed the eighth rule will be con-
sidered as adopted.
The Secretary read the ninth rule, as follows:
IX. At twelve o'clock and thirty minutes afternoon
of the da j* appointed for tlie return of the summons
against the person impeached the fegislative 'and
executive business of the Senate shall be suspended,
and the Secretary of the Senate slialf administer an
oath to the returning officer in the form following,
namely: "I,— , dosofemnly swear that tho
return made by me upon the process issued on tho
-—— dny ol'- ,by the Senate of tho United States,
sit ting-.is a hi^h court of impeachment, against 
 , is truly made, and that I have performed such
sorvicoastheremdcseribed. SohefpmeSod." Which
oath shalf be entered at targe on the records.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment beingproposed, tho ninth rule will be con-
sidered as adopted, and the next will be read.
The Secretary read rule ten, as follows:
X. The person impeached shall then be called to
appear and answer the articles of impeachment
asainst him. If he appear, or any person for him,
the appearance shall be recorded, stating particularly
il by himself or by agentorattorney, naming the per-
son appearing, and the capacity in which heappears.
if he do not appear, either personally or by agent or
attorney, the same shall be recorded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment being proposed, this rule will be consid-
ered as adopted, and the next Will be read.
The Secretary read rule eleven, as follows :
XL At twelve o'clock and thirty minutes after-
noon ot the day appointed for the trial of an impeach-
ment, the legislative and executive busine^ of the
senate shali be suspended, and the Secretary shall
give notice to the House of Representatives that the
Senate is ready to proceed upon the impeachment,
9*  the Senate Chamber, which Cham-
ber is prepared with accommodations for the recep-
tion ot the House of Representatives.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment being proposed, this rule will be consid-
ered as adopted.
The Secretary read rule twelve, us follows:
XII. Tho hour of the day at which the Senate
shall sit as a high court ot impeachment shall be
(unless otherwise ordered) twelve o'clock m.; and
when the hour for &ueh sitting shall arrive, the Pre-
siding Oliieer ot the benate shall so announce: and
thereupon the presiding officer of tho court shall
cause proclamation to be made, and the business of
the couit shall proceed. The adjournment of the
ben ate sitting as a lush court of iiuneaehment shall
not operate as :in adjournment of the Senate; but on
such adjournment of the court, the Senate shall re-
sume the consideration of its legislative and execu-
tive business.
Mr. BUCKA.LEW. I understand by this
that there will be no morning hour. It will
be abolished during the progie^s of impe&ch-
pot care to make any motion,
but I should like to understand whether it is
the object of the committee to provide that
