3582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
lias meddled with it is promoted as he knocks
the one forward-of him out of place. I know
how easy these things are got up in the Army
and in the Navy.
llr. CONNESS. Have you ever been in
the Army?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir, I have been. Now, 1
hope the honorable Senator will give me the
advantage of my experience. [Laughter.] I
have never seen anything but what the honor-
able Senator knew more about than everybody
else. [Laughter.] But lam glad there is one
place I have been where he has not. [Laugh-
ter.] I know the enmity and the little cliques
that are got up in the Army among officers.
You never see them at a post in the "West, a
post on the frontier or anywhere, but what the
lower officers are always quarreling with the
higher. Adopt this provision, and they can
get up little stories about gambling, and have
courts-martial out in a snow drift, and the first
thing a man knows he wakes up with his com-
mission taken from him by some little fellow
whose wurd you would not take under oath.
I do not propose to submit honorable gentle-
men in the Army to that liability to be injured.
If the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
wants to say that any paymaster of the Army
that shall be found gambling at any game
while he is acting in that capacity shall be
cashiered I will vote for it.
Mr. POMEIIOY. And quartermasters.
Mr. NYE. Any person of that kind; but
to say that every officer of the Army who bets
half a dollar on a cock fight or half a dollar
or $100 on ahorse race shall bo liable to bo
couit-martialed is nonsense. It is establish-
ing ii rule for the Aimy that is established for
no other class of society. I do not believe in
singling out that class of men who are as hon-
orable men as are to be found in other posi-
tions to be dealt with in that way. Therefore,
sir, it was that I interposed in behalf of the
officers of the Army that they shall not be sub-
jected to the risk that will follow such a pro-
vision ; and I hope as my friend near me [Mr.
Hexdkicks] expects to be commander-in-chief
of all the armies he will come to my aid on this
important question.
Mr. WILSON. I have no practical knowl-
edge of this matter. I never saw the inside of
a gambling-house in my life, and never saw any
gambling; but I remember that during all the
years of the war the evils of gambling in the
Army were manifest. Some officers to whom
were intrusted the funds of the Government
gambled, lost the money, and were ruined.
Other officers in the Army not only gambled
with their fellow-officers, but some of them
even got so low as to gamble with the common
soldiers, and many such persons were tried and
dismissed the service during the war.
Mr. FREEING HUYSEN. Under what law?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know.
Mr. FERRY. If it was gambling with a
common soldier, I suppose they were tried for
condiict unbecoming an officer and a gentle-
man.
Mr. WILSON. It is a fact. I have it from
generals in the'Army, officers high in rank.
This very article was written on the suggestion
of a major general, an officer high in the Army.
Mr. NYE. lie has probably lost.
Mr. WILSON. No, I think not. I do not
know how much deference is to be paid to the
opinions of chaplains, but I have received sev-
eral letters during the present session and in
past years from chaplains in the Army, saying
that one of the most demoralizing things in the
Army is gambling. I think, therefore, it would
be wise in these new rules and.articles to pro-
hibit gambling. I supposed everybody under-
stood what it meant, i am willing to take the
amendment offered by the Senator from Con-
necticut, with the definition he has there given,
" gambling for gain." That amendment says
nothing about betting. I think we ought, at
any rate, to do as much as will let it be under-
stood that we prohibit gambling. As these
officers are to be tried by officers I take it that
no man will be punished unless he deserves it.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know that my
knowledge extends so far as described by the
honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye]
when lie was up. According to my own esti-
mate it does not. I do not even pretend to
know as much of this subject as the honorable
Senator. I think it would be double assurance
in me to do so. But, sir, 1 am not in favor of
gambling. I believe it to be one of the most
serious vices to which human nature is addicted.
The officer who learns it iu the Army is unfitted
for civil life thereafter, if he should see fit to
leave the Army, for the habit once formed is
very rarely overcome iu life. I think gambling
is worse than drunkenness as a habit. I think
men will do more evil and wrong who are
infatuated with that passion than perhaps under
any other to which men are addicted.
I do not care whether we have gentlemen
among us who like whist-playing, or who cer-
tainly have a high estimation of it, judging
from their participation in the debate ; but
gambling may be dono by playing whist,.
although it is not generally, because it is a long'
game, and gamblers generally seek shorter
games. They want to get at the stakes more
readily. But a man who should seek to avoid
the law and play whist, and bet fifty dollars on
a game, would certainly be engaged in gam-
bling, palpably so. All communities protect
themselves against gambling by passing laws
against it and treating it as a contraband prac-
tice, one against morals and good conduct
and order. It is our duty especially to do so,
I think, in regard to the Army and Navy. They
are public servants. They give their lives to a
profession; and the interests of a nation often
hang upon the conduct of a comparatively few
of them, and perhaps a single one. If they are
naval officers, and they acquire the habit of
gaming, and then go into civil life and engage
in the commercial marine of the country, and
carry their habits of gaming there, they are
often at their game when their ships go upon
the rocks and great injury is done to property
and society. I believe that the common prac-
tice of gaming ought to be prohibited in the
Army; and, as suggested by the Senator from
Connecticut, the determination of what con-
stitutes gambling must be left to the courts-
martial. They will not certainly take cogni-
zance of an ordinary game at cards, such as
all persons, perhaps, or nearly all, certainly
very many, engage in ; but the habit of gam-
bling, the proneness to bet, make wagers,
should be stopped and prohibited, I think. I
shall certainly vote for the amendment.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I by no means
meant to say that the Senator from California
knew more about gambling than I did, though
I do not gamble. But ever since the world has
been formed into society there have been laws
and rules prohibiting gambling. There are
laws prohibiting gambling in this city; and yet
every officer in the city knows that there are
gambling-houses here, and men gamble there
almost for fabulous sums. My rule is not to
pass laws that are not enforced and cannot be
enforced, and I most especially object to leav-
ingjt to any board or court-martial to determ-
ine "what gambling is. The effect, if that
were done, would be that one board would con-
strue a bet into gambling, however trifling;
another board would say that it was not gam-
bling ; and the rule meted out to officers for the
olfense, if offense it be, would be as different
as the different boards who sat and pronounced
judgment. No, sir; if we are to make gam-
bling a crimeespecially applicable to the Army,
define with great care and precision what shall
constitute gambling. Above all other things,
sir, I would not leave it to any board of officers
with the prejudice incident to nature and to
their employment to determine what gambling
was; but they should go to the letter of the
law and bring their judgment to square with
the law itself. No, sir ; the theory that because
officers are to sit upon officers there is no danger
of wrong^being done I do not assent to.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator will allow me
to suggest that courts-martial have to decide
over and over again what is conduct unbecom-
ing an officer and a gentleman, and what is
conduct prejudicial to good order and military
discipline.
Mr. NYE. Certainly. Then why not leave
it in that way, and say that the court-martial
shall have power, as I understand the Senator
from Connecticut to say they now have- 
Mr. FERRY. Not ;;t all; I was making a
parallel.
Mr. NYTE. But I understood the Senator to
say that officers had been tried to his knowl-
edge-
Mr. FERRY. For gambling with the com-
mon soldiers. I never knew an instance of
officers being tried for gambling with each
other.
Mr. NY'E. I suppose they were convicted,
if convicted at all, upon the charge of conduct
unbecoming an officer, by indulging in too free
intercourse with the soldiersoverwhom he had
command.
Mr. FERRY". Conduct prejudicial to good
order.
Mr. NYE- I can well see that that would
be a good charge, and if I wa~s sitting on a
court-martial I think I would convict an offi-
cer who would do that. But. sir, that does
not answer the objection, or if it does we need
no further legislation on the subject. If
already officers are allowed to take cognizance
of the offense as punishable by court-martial
we certainly need no further legislation. And
I believe after all, with a full appreciation of
the high sense of duty of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that he will find that
any enactment on the subject will be but waste
paper. I know that officers of the Army are
men of high sense of honor, and if they find a
fellow-officer gambling with either officers or
soldiers, in a manner that would affect the
discipline or good order of the Army, they
would try him of that offense and convict him.
Now, I hope that that being the case, as is
admitted by men who know far more about
these things than I do, the legislation will
stand where it is unless whatever is proposed
is very clearly defined.
Mr. CONKLING, I should like to hear the
amendment read.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the honorable
member from Connecticut suggests his amend-
ment as a substitute for the other.
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir. I understood the
Senator from Massachusetts to accept it as a
substitute.
Mr. JOHNSON. That renders it, I think,
less obnoxious than the original amendment
proposed by the honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts. But it seems to me it would be a
sufficient guard against the dangers which now
exist to make the prohibition apply to officers
of the Army who are intrusted with public
funds. I think it would lead possibly to a creat
deal of bad feeling if the Army officers may
be troubled to defend the crime by prosecutions
for having violated the law if it stands even in
the way suggested bythe honorable member
from Connecticut. [ think we ought to pro-
hibit any disbursing officer of the Army from
gambling at all in any way. The temptation
that gambling subjects him to very often leads
him to hazard the public funds. Cases have
arisen over and over again of loss to the Uni-
ted States consequent upon the gambling of
disbursing officers ; but iu relation to the other
officers of the Army they hazard their own
money, be it more or be it less; and I do not.
know that they have been subjected to any
injuvy more than that which attends every other
person who plays from time to time for money.
whether he be in the civil or military or naval
service. I should prefer, therefore, that the
prohibition should be limited to officers who
are intrusted with public money
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs that he limit the prohibition to officers
who are charged with the custody and disburse-
ment of public money.
