2558
THE COJSFGRESS'ION"AL GLOBE.
May;:2g|
navigation interest secured rauch'better terms
than j at one time thought could be obtained.
To show that I am not mistaken on this point
let me read from a pamphlet, issued at that
time in St. Louis on behalf ol' the navigating j
interest, embodying their views : ;
"The width of passage between piers embracing ;
the channel is a matter oi mo-l sellout, moment. ,
Comiueice, navigation, is making: giant glides; due
provision should be made therelor. On tlie Midi
seas, on the lakes, where billows loil and dash, low-
ing cannot bo advantageously practised; each craft
must havo ber own means ot propulsion and steer-
ing; increase the size as you can or will, eaca must
have her own rig and appurtenances.
" On the western livers the conditions aie differ-
ent. Stop by step, pointby point, we have advanced
till wo have the Ajax, a tow-boat, successfully navi-
gating filteen barges with thiee hundicd thousand
bushels coal, equivalent to eleven thousand tour
hundred tons, manned by a crew ^ot twenty-live.
Still more has been accomplished. So tar as wheat,
corn, and other cheap bulky commodities aie con-
cerned, they can bo earned as readily as coal.
"The current is mainly the motive power when
loaded—a ciieap one, the gilt ot the Almighty—the
benefit, id' which we earnestly pia-y jou will in iio
wise rend Iroin us. Up thestream, the barges being
simply strong shells, merely skimming the surlaeo
of ttie water when unloaded, a greater number can
be towed if offered.
"Below are given dimensions of barges now built
and owned at St. Louis and above, remarking that
with us this mode is yet in its infancy, and we trust
will by you bo carefully nurtured, not, willfully or
unneeessaiily crushed in the bud;
Part Northwestern Packet Company's Barges at
JJttbufjue.
Duke, length 155 feet; beam 26; depth 7; 20,000
bushels capacity.
iJuehess, length,155 feet; beam 26; depth i; 20,000
bushels capacity. *
Part Mississippi Vallev Transportation Company's
Barges.
Length. Beam. Depth.
No. 13   1775-10 feet; 31 3-10 feet; 5 2-10 feet.
No. U 177 1-10 leet; 31 1-10 feet; 5 5-10 feet.
-No. 17 175 leet; 30 feet; 5 3-1 feet.
No. 10 175 leet,; 30 5-10 leet; 5 ,i-4 leet.
No. 20 171o-101cet; 30 2-10 leet; 51-3teet.
"These may be towed and controlled by a powerful
low-boat in lines tbrco or four abreast and four or
live deep, the tow-boat always in the, rear, steering
accomplished by putting the ileet back till in such
position that the current carries all in the required
direction. The lino of a fleet of baiges five tiei deep
will be eight hundred and seventy-nine teet, ex-
clusive ol spar room; a fleet of four tier deep, seven
hundred and five leet. flaring a side wind three
hundred feet water-passage between piers is a con-
iinedspacowherein to bandlesuchalieetwith safety,
it being impossible to keepthelineot barges perlectiy
straight with the current; yet, as under tail- contin-
gencies a fleet can thero be handled with ordinary
safety, the navigation interest are willing three hun-
dred 1eet, bo the limit. As bridges can and have re-
peatedly been constructed with tlnco hundred feet
wafer-passage, we claim that portion of the public
right bo imperatively insisted on."
Mr. Griffin,who spoke on behalf of this great
interest, then told the committee this;
"The three hundred feet span and fifty feet, altitude
should bo enforced, that steamers, particularly those
having largo fleets of barges in tow, have sufficient
space to navigate at all hours; in darkness, storms,
and bad weather, when they can navigate ordmaiy
portions of the river. They should be located where
the channel and current in appioach and through
is m a diieet lino with the piers at all seasons of the
year; fifty feet altifude gives the pilot sight at an
acute angle whereby he can correctly calculate how
best lie can obviate the difficulties he must encounter
in expert steering iu close places."''
Mr. MORTON. What is the date of that
pamphlet ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It bears 110 date, but it was
issued in ] 8Gt>.
Mr. POMKROY. The remarks I made the
other day in reference to the examination that
was had before the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads related to an investigation
with regard to the upper Mississippi and not
in regard to the Ohio. I do not know that
the committee have ever been in the posses-
sion of any very definite information as to what
tlie span should be on the Ohio, nor in regard
to the width of the boats that were towed. Wo
bad pai titular reference to the character of
the sen ice as performed on the upper Missis-
sippi, not on the Ohio. The Senator from
Indiana may be entirely correct so far as re-
lates to the boats on the Ohio, and 1 presume
lie is.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
wish the railroad interest to be sacrificed or
seiionsly damaged. By the system that I am
asking for, in regard to the bridging of the
Ohio river, the railroads and the navigation of
that river can exist in harmony and each can
be protected. But 1 make this proposition, and
I think it, cannot be successfully met, that if it
is shown that bv an increased cost,—it may be
of one half, or even if it should be as much
again—the rivers can be bridged by bridges
with a span of five hundred teet, which will
not interfere with navigation, railroad compa-
nies should be required to build bridges of that
character. Even if it costs as much again, or
three times as much, the increased cost of a
bridge that will not interfere with navigation
is a mere bagatelle when compared with pro-
tecting the navigalion of such a river as that.
If the navigation is obstructed it is a continu-
ing obstruction, a continual loss to the whole
country. The incieased cost of a bridge with
a span'of live hundred feet is a mere drop in
the bucket when compared with the continuing
damage done to the country by obstructing the
navigation. I insist that it has been shown
that a bridge of five hundred feet, span can be
built as readily as one of three hundred feet.
In the advance of engineering science it has
been done. It has been done repeatedly, and
it can he, done again.
Mr. POMERO Y. Where they combine the
suspension with the truss ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. At St. Louis,
from which I believe the pamphlet read by the
chairman of the committee emanates, they were
willing three years ago to have a bridge with a
span of three hundred feet when they were dis-
cussing the bridge question, but tliuy have since
determined by absolute experience that they
will have none with a span of less than live hun-
dred feet.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are required by law
to have a bridge with five hundred feet span.
Two yeais ago we passed a bill requiring tliem
to construct a bridge of that span.
Mr. MORTON. That, I believe, was upon
a showing that a bridge with a span of less
than five hundred feet would bean obstruction
to the navigation of the river. Therefore, the
bridge at St. Louis has three spans, one of
five hundred and eighteen feet and two of four
hundred and ninety-seven feet.
Mr. POMEROY. A suspension bridge?
Mr. MORTON. A combination of the sus-
pension and truss, and I believe it will turn
out that a bridge built in that way will be
at very little increased expense over one built
in the ordinary way. Thus the navigation is
protected, the railroad interest is protected,
and all the great interests in the country flour-
ish together.
I move now to recommit to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads all the bills
before the Senate oil-the subject of bridging
the Ohio river.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, my State is
interested in the navigation of the Ohio liver
to the extent of eight or nine hundred miles
of its shore, and consequently it has a very
deep interest in the subject of bridging that
river. I have been asked by a friend of mine,
a member of the other House, to look to the
interests of this bridge constructing over the
Ohio river. 1 have listened with much atten-
tion to the remarks and the documentary evi-
dence produced by the honorable Senator from
Indiana in support of his views, and lie ex-
presses the very views that Ihave always enter-
tained in relation to bridging the Ohio river;
and I return my thanks to him for the facts he
has presented, and the energy and ability with
which he lias maintained them on the present
occasion. In my judgment, the question docs
not admit of any serious doubt. No bridge
ought ever to be permitted to be erected over
the Ohio river with a span of less than five
hundred feet; and the same is true of the
Mississippi river. I admit that this matter of
bridging streams is a question to be decided
by the size and navigable capacities of the
river. In relation to these streams those facts
and capacities ate well known. When the
Steubeuiille biidge bill was before the Sen-
ate 1 then voted iii favor of the proposition of
a five hundred feet span, if I recollect aright.
But, sir, the relative superior importance of
the river navigation of such streams as the
Mississippi and the Ohio was wed stated, and
not overstated, on a former day when this
subject was up, by the Senator from Indiana.
He said that it was a fact according to his in-
formation, though he had not verified it, and
therefore could not vouch for its truth, that
the amount of freight upon the Ohio river was
greater than the aggregate amount of freight
on all the railroads of the L nited States.
Mr. RAMSEY. That cannot, be possible.
Mr. DAVIS. Whether it is possible or not,,
there is a very great preponderance in favor of
the river trade. When Ine bounty of Nature
has given to this great country such channels
of international commerce and communication
as these streams, and t heir navigation is sought
to bo impeded or interrupted seriously by the
erection of bridges, and it is perfectly demon-
strable and undeniable that the erection of
bridges of the span of three hundred feet will
produce serious impediment and obstruction to
the transportation on the Ohio river, it seems
tome that it ought not to admit a moment's
doubt to proscribe such bridges and to require
a greater amount of span. W hy, sir, it the
people who are interested in the navigation of
the Ohio river had the question propounded to
them would they give up that stream if it was
possible, or all the railroads that could be con-
structed across it, they would not hesitate to
accept the latter proposition.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is not that the river that
Randolph said was frozen up one half the year
and dried up the oilier half? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. That was one of John Ran-
dolph's sarcasms. He would like to have had
a few more such, at any rate. No, sir ; it is a
great stream. It washes one of the most fer-
tile sections of the United States. There is a
vast amount of agricultural products and of the
products of manufactures, and of growing
manufactures immediately contiguous to it, all
of which find their transportation to market
upon its beautiful bosom. When there is a
proposition to obstruct seriously that stream
by a bridge with such a span as three hundred
feet it ought not to be entertained for a mo-
ment,; and I am rather surprised at the perti-
nacity with which gentlemen will continue to
make propositions to erect numerous bridges
of so short a span as three hundred feet. I
believe, as the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana said on Thursday, there are numerous
bridges chartered and in contemplation of con-
struction over this stream to the number, he
said, of twelve, that are yet to be undertaken.
Mr. RAMSEY. Where?
Mr. DAVIS. On the Ohio river.
Mr, lixVMSEY. Oh, no; ten on the Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not, know; I take the
facts of the honorable Senator from Indiana;
but, ten or one, I am against, any bridge that
has a less span than live hundred V bother
it is one or fifty, 1 should be equally opposed
to such a restrictive span as that. I have no
doubt from the facts ami documents which the
honorable Senator from Indiana read and
; stated, that by a combination of the two prm-
j ciples of a trns-swork bridge and the wire or
i; suspension bridge and by an inconsiderable
ji addition to the cost of each bridge, abridge of
:j five hundred feet spun could be erected at
1 every needful point across that river.
| I therefore hope thai this subject will be re-
,| committed to the Committee on Post Olliees
i; and Post Roads, and 1 should like the Louor-
'[ able Senator fioui Indiana to introduce a po.-i-
i; tive proposition instructing that committee
!' peremptorily to report not only that all future
bridges should be constructed with a span of
h five hundred feet, luu thai these bridges now
( in existence and operation should be taken
down and the span extended toll',e hundred
feel. Gentlemen need not expect to construct
bridges across, that, stream with that narrow
|j span which will not be resisted petsevemigly
'' uow and iu the future, and the resistance will
