m
SUPPLEMENT TO
suavice of such declarations, set kitnsclf against
the execution of several of its enactments—
the acts fixing the tenure of civil offices and
reconstructing the rebel States among them.
The'respondent denies that he said the Thirty-
Ninth Congress was a Congress of only part
of the States "in any sense or meaning other
than that ten States of the Union were denied
representation therein." No worse meaning
than that could be imparted to the words he
used. . ■
"Ten States of the Union were excluded
from the body. But the Constitution requires
that Congress should be composed of two Sen-
ators and a given number of Representatives
from every State ; consequently this body was
not the Congress of the United States." That
was the doctrine he meant to teach. But he
says free speech is secured to liira, and he had
a right so to teach. Of course. His right so
to teach is as unquestionable as the right of
the people to impeach him for it; but I cannot
conceive of teachings more mischievous than
these. He is sworn to see the laws executed.
If that body was the Congress of the United
States its enactments were laws; if not, they
were not laws. One of two conclusions, then,
is inevitable. Either he meant to instruct the
people that the enactments of that body might
tie disregarded, because not passed by a Con-
gress, or he meant to tell them they must sub-
mit to enactments of a body which was not,
hut only assumed to be, a Congress. Either
conclusion, in my judgment, shows a criminal
purpose. The article avers the first to be the
true conclusion, and that in pursuance of that
conclusion he himself undertook to obstruct
the execution of the tenure-of-office act and
some other enactments of that Congress.
The case shows that on the 12tli of August,
1867, the respondent, in accordance with the
provisions of the tenure-ol'-office act, sus-
pended Edwin M. Stanton from the office of
Secretary of War; that, in accordance with
the same, he made General U. S. Grant Sec-
retary ad interim; that, in accordance with
the same, 011 the I'itli of December, he com-
municated his reasons for the suspension to
the Senate. All this was in strict accord with
the provisions of the act, if not in pursuance
of them. All these steps were authorized by
the net of March 2, 1867, above referred to.
But that act, also required that if the Senate
did not approve the reasons for which the sus-
pension wits made the olliec should be restored.
Now, the case shows that the respondent
designed and contrived to prevent that restor-
ation in spite of the act. Ilia letter to Gen-
era! Grant, on page 284 of the record, shows
that beyond all possibility of mistake. True,
he does not confess to have designed his
exclusion longer than to try the right of Mr.
Stanton in the courts of law; but that right
could not. be so determined during the remain-
der of this presidential term. But what was
the question to be, tried? Not the question
of his right to remove Mr. Stanton, for he had
not removed Air. Stanton; he had only sus-
pended him. Not the constitutionality of the
tenure-of-offiee act, for the validity of that, act
could not be put in issue in a suit between Mr.
Stanton and General Grant; for, if the act was
valid, it commanded Mr. Stanton to be restored,
because the Senate had found the reasons for
his suspension insufficient, if it was invalid the
order of suspension itself was without author-
ity, and General Grant never had any right in
the office. So, in such a suit, the respondent
would have been exhibited in the attitude of
asserting the validity of the tennre-of-oflice
act, in order to get Mr. Stanton out of the
office, and of denying it to prevent his getting
back.
To avoid this monstrous predicament the
respondent, in his answer, asserts what seems
to me, it possible, still more monstrous. He
asserts that he did not suspend Mr. Stanton
by virtue of authority conferred by the act of
March 2. True, every step he look was a step
prescribed by that act, and yet he avers, in his
answer, that he did not suspend Mr. Stanton
in pursuance of that act " until the next meet-
ing of the Senate, or until the Senate should
have acted upon the case, but by force of the
power and authority vested in brm by the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States indefi-
nitely and at the pleasure of the President."
It has come to that. The respondent, to
justify his acts, not only asserts authority
under the Constitution to remove all officers
appointed by the joint act of himselfand the
Senate, in spite of laws to the contrary, and to
replace them with others commissioned by
himself alone, but he also claims the power
to suspend them all and fill their places with
ad interim appointments. The first is a power
which gives the President absolute control of
one incumbent for each office known to the
laws. The last is a claim which gives him the
right to duplicate the number.
So far as I know, this extraordinary power
was never heard of until the respondent's
answer was filed. I never saw a syllable in
the Constitution to warrant the claim. No
possible exigency of the service could require
it; and to my mind the whole pretense, instead
of excusing the respondent's acts, only aggra-
vates their guilt.
Because, therefore, the testimony in this case
compels me to believe that the respondent, in
order to punish Edwin M. Stanton for his
fidelity to the laws, did seek to remove him
from the office of Secretary of War, in which
he had long and ably served his country; and
because ho perverted to that purpose the sol-
emn trust reposed in the Executive by the act
of August 7, 1789, therein acting in wanton
disregard of the public welfare ; and because
he attempted to do it against the advice of the
Senate, without consultation with his Cabinet,
and without previous notice to the people;
and because, in furtherance of that unlawful
purpose, he sought to commit the powers of that
high office to Lorenzo Thomas, and did, with-
out any authority of law, issue his warrant to
that eti'cct,, before said Stanton had surrendered
those powers, and when he had no just reason
to believe said Stanton would surrender them;
and because he did intend and contrive thereby
to intimidate said Stanton into a surrender of
those powers by making him believe that force
would be employed to compel his surrender;
and because J believe he did use the language
charged upon him by the Representatives of
the people, and that such utterances are of
evil example, of pernicious tendency, and cal-
culated to degrade the office of President in
the estimation of the people ; and because he
did publicly teach that the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress was not a body whose enactments had
the authority of law ; and because he did him-
self set the example of disobeying the enact-
ments of that Congress by endeavoring to
induce the General of the Army to retain pos-
session of the office of Secretary of War, after
the Senate bad decided, in pursuance of one
of the laws ot' that Congress, that said Stanton
j should and ought, to repossess the same; there-
i fore I find the respondent guilty of high crimes
j and misdemeanors respectively charged in arti-
; cles two, three, four, five, seven, eight, ten,
■ ami eleven.
OPINION"
Of
HON. JACOB M. HOWARD.
ABSTRACT OF ("UAROES.
AkticlicT. That Johnson issued the order of re-
[ mo\ at with intent to violate ike tenure-ui'-officeact
ami to remove Mr. Stallion.
Akt. II. That lie issued the letter of authority to
i Thomas with mtent to violate the Constitution and
tile tenure-of-office act.
Art. III. That ho appointed Thomas Secretary of
War ad interim.
Akt. IV. That he conspired with Thomas and
others unknown unlawful!}' to hinder and prevnit
Mr. Stanton from exercising the office of Secretary
of Mrar.
Art. V. That hcconspircd with Thomas and others
J to prevent ami hinder the execution ot the tenure-
j of-otfice act, and in pursuance of said conspiracy did
I attempt to prevent Mr. Stanton from holding his
I oflk-e.
ART. VI. That he oonspired with Thomas and
others to seize by force the property of the United
States m the War Department, contrary to the con-
spiracy act of 1861, and the tcmire-of-office act.
Art. VII. That he conspired with Thomas with
intent to seize and take such property, contrary to
the tejiure-of-ofTice act.
Art. VIII. That with intent to control the dis-
bursements for the War Department, and contrary
to the tcnure-of-offiee act, and in violation of the
Constitution, heissuedthe orderappomting Thomas.
Art. IX. Thatheinstructed JBmorythat theclause
in the appropriation act of 1867, requiring that all
orders should pass through the General of the Arms',
was unconstitutional and in contravention of Emo-
ry's commission, with intent to induce Emory to
accept orders dircetly from him, and with intent to
violate the tenure-of-office aet.
Art. X. That with intent to faring into disgrace,
ridicule, hatred, contempt, and reproach, the Con-
gress of the United States and the several branches
thereof, and to impair and destroy the respect of the
people lor them, he made the speeches at the Execu-
tive Mansion, at Cleveland, and St,Louis.
Art. XI. That he attempted to prevent the execu-
tion of the tenure-of-office act by unlawfully devis-
ing means to prevent Mr.Stanton from resuming the
functions of his office, and to prevent the execution
of the said clause in the appropriation act of 1867,
and thereeonstruction act of March 2,1837.
It has never been claimed that the power of
the President to remove an incumbent from
office is granted expressly; that is, in plain
terms, by the Constitution. All admit,, all
have from the first admitted, that if it exists
in him it exists by implication ; in other words,
that it is derived from and is necessary to the
execution of powers or duties granted or im-
posed in plain terms by the instrument; that
it is an induction from express clauses. ' Only
three clauses have ever been relied upon as
foundations of this induction or implication.
They are the clause in the second section of the
second article giving him the power to nomin-
ate, and by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate to appoint,, all officers of the United
States whose appointments are not therein
otherwise provided for, the clause in section
one of article two declaring that "the execu-
tive power shall be vested in a President of
the United States," and section three of the
same article imposing upon him the duty to
"take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted.''
I shall speak of these in their order.
I assert, then, that the appointing clause I
have mentioned does not imply the power of
removal by the President alone and without
the consent, of the Senate.
Here I hold the advocates of the power to
the concession upon which alone their reason-
ing proceeds, namely, that the power of re-
moval is an incident to or rather a part of the
power of appointment. This concession is as
old as the controversy. It is an historical ele-
ment in the debate coeval with its origin. It
is founded upon the uncontroverted and in-
controvertible principle that the author of an
agency, the constituent, may revoke and annul
it at pleasure. It rests upon the freedom of
the will and the right of every man to act for
himself in matters pertaining to him. This
concession arises from common sense, from
necessity, and is irrevocable. It is the rule
not only of the common law, but of the civil
law and of universal law, that the constituent,
may revoke the power he has granted.
But who, under this clause, is the constitu-
ent? From whom does the power, the official
power created by law, proceed? Whose will
imparts the agency, confers the office? Not
the President's alone; his sole will cannot
confer the office; but the will, that is, the
"advice and consent of the Senate," must
iwiite with the will and purpose of the Presi-
dent. Without this advice, this consent, the
office cannot be conferred. The appointment
thus becomes the joint act of the Senate and
the President. There are thus created by the
Constitution two constituents instead of one.
Two wills must concur in the appointment to
an office. It is plain that one was intended
as a check upon the other against imprudent
appointments. This check is in the hands of
the Senate, to whom the name of the person
selected for the office by the President is first
to be submitted in the shape of a nomina-
tion, before the office can be conferred upon
