34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
Ho. os Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Montana, Idaho, Washington Territory, Ore-
gon, Nevada, California, and Arizona. The
adjacent foreign territories in which American
capital is invested are also briefly noticed.
Particular attention is given to the topograph-
ical, geological, and inineralogical features of
each State and Territory ; to the various sys-
tems of mining; the cost of labor and produc-
tion ; the yield of bullion and loss in reduction ;
and incidentally to the climates, facilities for
communicating agricultural capabilities, and
inducements to immigration, and the invest-
ment of capital. An important feature con-
nected with the development of the mining
interest is presented in the tabular statements
accompanying the report. While the prospect
is generally favorable, and the permanency
of the mineral deposits attested by indisputable
evidence, the laws sustained in .the treatment
of the ores is represented as a serious draw-
back to the prosperity of this great interest.
On the Comstock lode, where gold exists
chiefly in an uncombined form, the percentage
of loss on that metal is comparatively small;
but the loss of silver is so great as to suggest
the necessity of some means by which the ex-
traordinary drain upon the productive industry
of the country may be arrested. With all the
improvements derived from seven years' expe-
rience, it appears that the average yield of all
the ores worked at the present time from the
Comstock lode does not exceed sixty-five per
cent, of the assay value. The net product this
year will probably amount, to $17,000,000—
showing an actual loss to the country on this
single lode of $0,353,846, of which, by a more
economical system of working, a large propor-
tion might be saved. In other districts the
loss is greater or less, according to the charac-
ter of the ore and the facilities for its reduction.
Assuming our total gold and silver product to
be $75,000,000 for the calendar year 1807, it is
estimated that the aggregate loss on the pro-
duction of this amount of bullion does not fall
far short of $25,000,000. Indian hostilities
and other causes have retarded the progress
of the mining interest in Montana, Idaho, Col-
orado, and Arizona; but under the most favor-
able circumstances such a drain upon our
resources as that to which attention is now
called would appear to demand the serious con-
sideration of Government.
The special commissioner recommends, as
the only possible remedy, the establishment, at
some central point west of the Roeky mount-
ains, of a national mining school, organized
upon comprehensive principles, analogous in
i ts general design and scope to the great mining
schools of Europe. By the concentration of
scientific experience upon the processes of
mining and metallurgy, and the analytical and
working tests that could be applied to the dif-
ferent ores, where individual enterprise has so
long and so signally failed, it is believed the re-
sults would be beneficial. Without assuming to
suggest by what means this object could be best
accomplished the Secretary deems it due to the
enterprising pioneers of the West, who have
opened up a vast empire to settlement and civ-
ilization, that their wishes, as represented by
the commissioners, should meet with the most
favorable consideration. Whatever can be
done to promote their welfare will boa national
benefit; and none will question that the tend-
ency of scientific institutions is to strengthen
the bonds of interest and sympathy between
a people separated by a diversity of pursuits
and the circumstances of their geographical
position.
An interesting and instructive report by Mr.
Taylor upon the situation and prospects of
gold and silver mining east of the Rocky mount-
ains, embracing some notice tf the Allegha-
nian and Canadian gold-fields, in addition to
the mining statistics of New Mexico, Colorado,
and eastern Montana, will also be presented
to Congress.
The report from the Light-House Board,
with estimates of appropriations for the year
commencing July 1,1868, herewith submitted,
is recommended to the favorable consideration
of Congress. The progress made in renovat-
ing and restoring the aids to navigation so
seriously injured during the late war is all that
could be expected from the means and timeat
command. The establishment increases with
the opening of new channels to commerce and
the rapidly increasing population of the coun-
try, and Congress may rely on the judicious
application of all means appropriated to that
end.
Th e operations of the Coast Survey have been
continued during the past year with accustomed
vigor, and progress has been made in all por-
tions of the coast heretoforo provided for by
appropriations. The estimates for the next
fiscal year have been prepared with a view to
keeping up the work efficiently on the scale to
which it has been developed by the demands
of navigation, and accompany this report.
For the collection of the revenue from cus-
toms in the territory recently acquired from
Russia, until permanent arrangements shall
have been made by Congress, a special agent
of the Department was dispatched in August
last to Sitka, in company with the agent desig-
nated by the State Department, to receive the
formal transfer of the territory; and for the
further protection of the revenue, as well as to
obtain information to guide in the establish-
ment of ports and collection districts, the steam-
cutter "Lincoln" was ordered to extend her
cruising limits to these possessions. An officer
of the service, familiar with the coasts, accom-
panied by several officers of the Coast Survey,
was sent from the Department, with detailed
instructions, to take charge of the vessel for
the cruise. A general reconnoissance of the
coast was ordered, including soundings, loca-
tion of lights, and ascertainment of available
channels of commerce. Attention was also
especially directed to subjects of scientific
inquiry suggested by the Smithsonian Institu-
tion.
The steamer sailed late in July, and a full
report of her operations is expected within
a brief period. When received it will be
promptly communicated to Congress, with
such information as the Department has been
able to collect from other sources, and sug-
gestions as to the creation of collection dis-
tricts for customs and internal revenue.
The Revenue Marine consists at present
of forty-three vessels, comprising twenty-five
steamers and eighteen sailing vessels, of which
seventeen of the former and sixteen of the
latter are employed on the Atlantic coast,
two of each description on the Pacific, and
six steamers, each of over five hundred tons
burden, on the Great Lakes. Five steamers,
of three hundred and fifty tons burden and
upward, have been sold, in pursuance of the
power conferred upon the Department by the
act of April 20, 1860, and eight sailing vessels,
ranging in burden from one hundred and
twenty to two hundred and twenty tons, better
suited to the wants of the service, have been
constructed. Four of the steamers now in
commission are small tugs, employed (two at
New York, one at Boston, and one at New
Orleans) in a spccial boarding and inspecting
service. These are found to be so serviceable
that others like them will be employed, as
occasion may require, in place of the larger
vessels not so well suited to the service, which
will be disposed of as may be found con-
venient.
The expenses of the service have consider-
ably increased within a few years past, owing
not only to the increased number of vessels
which the circumstances of our commerce
have required and to the consequent employ-
ment of additional officers and men, but chiefly
to the unprecedented advance in the price of
all necessary supplies, and consequent indis-
pensable increase in the pay of officers and
men. Since 1861 these supplies have advanced
at rates varying from thirty-three to one hun-
dred per cent. All these expenses are now
paid from the general customs fund, and are
limited in amount only by the direction of the
Secretary. They have now attained such a
magnitude as te make it desirable that Con-
gress should signify its views in regard t.o the
subject by providing a specific appropriation
for them. A bill for that purpose was pre-
sented a few months since by the Department
which received the approval of one branch of
the legislature but did not become a law. 'The
expenses of the service will form distinct
items in the regular estimates to be submitted
for the coining fiscal year.
The expenses of the Marine Hospital estab-
lishment continue quite large, notwithstanding
persistent efforts to secure economy. The
receipts from the tax are still found insufficient
to meet them, and it will be necessary to pro-
vide for the deficiency, as heretofore, from the
public treasury. It is suggested that, in ac-
cordance with the example afforded by the
military establishment, authority may be given
for the annual appropriation of so much of the
proceeds of fines, penalties, and forfeitures
under the customs laws as may suffice to meet
the deficiency unprovided for by the tax.
Efforts for the prevention and detection of
smuggling have been actively continued during
the year, with considerable success, at a com-
paratively moderate expense, and without any
charge upon the public '1 reasury, the proceeds of
fines, penalties, and forfeitures having proved
sufficient to sustain the charge and pay into
the Treasury a surplus of more than S300.000.
Quite a large amount of stock of private cor-
porations is held by the United States in the
custody of the Department, which is a constant
source of embarrassment to the Government
and to the respective companies. A schedule
is annexed exhibiting these stocks and the man-
ner in which they were obtained. It will be
observed that they were acquired by subscrip-
tion under special authority of law in aid of
projects of internal improvement. However
proper and beneficial such measures may have
been at the time of their inception, no good
purpose can now be subserved by longer re-
taining the interests thus acquired, and it is
recommended that authority be conferred by
law for the sale of them. Such a course, it is
believed, will be altogether acceptable to the
various corporations.
A portion of the first annual report of the
Director of the Bureau of Statistics is submit-
ted herewith, the entire report being in course
of preparation lor separate publication. It con-
tains a survey of the operations of the bureau;
a careful analysis, illustrated by numerous
tables, of our commerce during the past year ;
together with late returns of population, immi-
gration^ manufactures, mining, and agricul-
ture. These subjects are particularly interest-
ing at the present time, and the report of the
Director cannot fail to attract the attention of
Congress and the people.
From the report of the Third Auditor, to
which attention is invited, it is apparent that
a.change should be made in regard to the
adjustment and settlement of the war claims
that come before his bureau ; that a period
should be fixed within which claims should
be presented, and that measures should be
adopted to perpetuate the testimony in cases
of claims that are disallowed. Even now,
f™'It 1 f i -aet3 are flesh and attainable,
fraudulent claims are frequently presented :
and when, by a lapse of time, it will be diffi-
cult, if not impossible, to obtain testimony
11 ? ST character, fraudulent
I fJl"te !y to 'ncrease in mi in-
bers and amounts.
ii 1llC !'f,p0rt of,.t!?e Treasurer, exhibiting, as
it does, the condition of the Treasury and the
extent of its operations during the past year,
and presenting views upon some interostin 
