150
T±IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
aud this money be covered into the Treasury,
there will be uo practical difficulty iu getting
an appropriation from Congress to pay the
claims that may have arisen aud may properly
be included under the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot get au
appropriation to pay claims under these differ-
ent laws. It is always a matter of practical
difficulty and delay.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but it seems
to me time enough has elapsed since this prop-
erty has been taken to settle all these matters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they have not been
settled, and I have stated the reason why they
have not been settled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know they are not set-
tled, and it seems they are not settled because
a committee of this body requested that they
should not be settled; and that may be a rea-
son for postponing the matter for awhile. Still
I agree with the Senator from Illinois that these
fundsought not to be continued, and that money
ought not to be allowed to lie as a special fund
outside the Treasury proper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no doubt about
that as a general principle.
Mr. SHERMAN. No one wonld suppose
that a fund should lie there, subject to the
order of the Secretary of the-Treasury, except
in an extraordinary case, like the case of cap-
tured and abandoned property. If the whole
proceeds of this property had been transferred
at once to the Treasury we should not have
realized $10,000,000, because without a large
expenditure of money for transportation, for
expenses in gathering it up, paying men, as a
matter of course nothing would have been real-
ized. It was necessary to keep it open in
such a way that the expenses might be drawn
from the fund. I therefore have no doubt that
the opinion given by the Solicitor is substan-
tially correct; that it was only designed that
the net results of this abandoned property, and
even of the captured property, should go into
the Treasury, and as a matter of course until
the net results were ascertained by the settle-
ment of all the claims for expenses the money
could not be covered into the Treasury. Still
it does seem to me that sufficient time has
elapsed now to settle all these accounts so that
the balance might be closed. If the Senator
from Maine thinks a little further time should
be allowed, I have no objection to letting the
subject stand for a little while ; but it seems to
me that this fund ought to be disposed of and
settled in a short time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think the Sen-
ator or any Senator can possibly misunderstand
me. I agree fully with all that he has said
with reference to the propriety and necessity
in all eases of having money go into the Treas-
ury and be covered just as quick as possible,
and within my experience it has been so; but
for the reasons stated a certain amount of this
fund, what was supposed to be necessary in
order to pay the very great expenses of col-
lecting the property, was retained because there
was not the possibility of providing for them
otherwise without coming to Congress for an
appropriation to that effect. In other words,
it was thought that the law required only that
the net proceeds, after payifig all expenses,
should be paid into the Treasury, leaving the
fund to be managed by the Secretary as a pru-
dent man, paying the great mass into the Treas-
ury, but keeping enough in his hands to meet
the current expenses of the business itself.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe the morning
hour has expired, and the business that was to
come up to-day at one o'clock will now be in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move that the joint
resolution under consideration be postponed
until Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mary-
land is entitled to the floor on another matter,
and I merely make this motion to keep the
subject before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Maryland claims the floor as a matter of cour-
tesy due to him, and is prepared to make an
argument, I do not wish to interpose; but I
tli,nk, after what has been said, that this is a
matter that ought to be proceeded with, and it
is a matter of very considerable importance. I
should like to hear from the Senator from
Maryland whether he insists upon speaking
to-day. If he does I shall not interpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not insist upon it,
but I would prefer speaking now. There will
be quite time enough I suppose for the honor-
able member to speak on the particular meas-
ure now before the Senate after I shall have
closed. I move that the subject before the
Senate be laid over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move its postponement
until Monday. I think there is a special order
for to-morrow.
The PRESi DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it comc up in the
morning hour as unfinished business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not unless
it is left the unfinished business. There may
be other unfinished business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will ask that it
be laid aside informally until the Senator from
Maryland concludes his remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
be done by common consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the question had
better be put on my motion to postpone until
Monday. I assure the Senator from Illinois
that I will keep it before the Senate if I can
until the matter is disposed of in some way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has the Senator any
objection to its coming up when the Senator
from Maryland is through?
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is done I know it
will be crowded off because there is a special
order for to-morrow upon which Senators
desire to make speeches.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this is a more
important mutter than the discussion of sub-
jects that have no practical rbearing upon our
legislation, and I do not think it ought to be
crowded off.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit that it had bet-
ter be postponed until Monday.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the further
consideration of the subject before the Senate
until Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. A post-
ponement until to-morrow is long enough.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion of the
Senator from Ohio is to postpone until Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he makes that motion
I appeal to the Senate not to sustain it, and
on that motion I will make some remarks.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no objection, I
suppose, to its going over until to-morrow
morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object to its
going over until to-morrow if more time is
required to consider it, but I hope it will not
be postponed for a longer period.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no objection ; but
I know the Senator will be crowded off by an-
other matter to-morrow, aud he will gain noth-
ing. However, I do not care. Let it be post-
poned until to-morrow, if the Senator insists
upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be passed over
informally.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that it be taken
up in the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. It can be taken up at a
quarter after twelve, and we shall have nearly
an hour then for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio modify his motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved to postpone the further consideration
of the subject before the Senate until to-mor-
row.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheusox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
161) to incorporate the congregation of the
First Presbyterian church of Washington, and
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) in regard to
the publication of postal conventions made
with foreign countries, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DRAKE. With the consent of the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland, before he pro-
ceeds with his remarks, I ask lor a minute or
two to make a personal explanation if the Sen-
ate will allow the privilege.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I know of
no circumstances which would lead me to
trouble the Senate with a personal explana-
tion in regard to any outside attack upon me,
based on my action in this body; or in regard
to any such attack on the ground of my pub-
lic action before coming into this body, except
the particular one which I now deem it proper
thns to notice.
In the National Intelligencer of the 9th in-
; stant, and also in that of the 10th instant, and
i in the New York World of yesterday, there
i was published a charge against me which ap-
peared recently in the Cincinnati Commercial,
in a letter from its Washington correspondent,
whose nom de plume is "Slack." The Intel'
ligeneer, to give more authenticity to the
charge, publishes in connection with it the
name of the writer: and it therefore assumes
the character, not of an ordinary newspaper
assault, but of an attack by a responsible indi-
vidual. Even this, apart from the nature of
the allegation, would not justify thisnotice of it,
but taken in connection with that and with the
i fact that in this region my previous history
is unknown, in my opinion it does. The
charge is in relation to my action in the Le-
gislature of Missouri, and is in the following
words:
"On one occasion he supported and voted for a
S reposition to sell into slavery every free negro and
is and her descendants who had comc into tho
State since 1847, or who should thereafter come into
it. Those who arc curious on this subject will find
Mr. Drake's vote reconl eel on it in the journal of tho
House of Representatives of Missouri for the session
of 1858-59, which can be found in any well-regulated
public library. Not content with warning free ne-
groes against entering tho State in tho future, this
measure enacted that every one of that unfortunato
class already there should be cauffht by the sheriff
and put up at public auction."
No one could read this statement without
being impressed with the belief that I voted
for such a "proposition" to become a law.
It was, doubtless, designed to produce that
belief, and so far as it was so designed I feel
that it would not be just to myself or to the
State I have the honor to represent to allow it
to pass without thus publicly pronouncing it
totally and unqualifiedly false. And that the
Senate may see its total falsity in that respect
I ask to be permitted very briefly to state the
facts of the case.
In August, 1859, I was elected by the peo-
ple of the county of St. Louis a representative
in the General Assembly of Missouri, to fill a
vacancy, and took my seat as such in Novem-
ber of that year. I had not previously been
a member of that body.
In the previous winter, when I was not a
member, the House of Representatives had
passed a bill in relation to free negroes and
mulattoes. After I took my seat there came
to the House from the Senate a substitute for
that bill, which contained a section in these
words:
"Every free negro or mulatto overthe age of eight-
een years who shall be a resident of this State on
and after the first Monday in September, in the year
ISfil, shall be reduced to slavery."
When this substitute came before the House
a motion was made (not by me) to amend it
