1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
accumulate until it prevails over narrow-span j
bridges and requires that they shall be ex- j
tended ; and that principle had better now be j
adopted, as the honorable Senator from Indi- ;
ana said, before so many of these bridges are
undertaken. It is easier and less expensive to
build bridges upon that principle than to have
them demolished after they are built and larger
bridges upon the plan and of the extent now
proposed erected. I think, sir, it is   plain
question in which the whole country bordering
and contiguous to those two great streams, the
^tiS'sissippi, the Father of Waters, and the
Ohio, are interested, and in which their inter-
ests demand that bridges of not less extent than
five hundred feet span shall be required to be
constructed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on recommitting all the bills on the
subject of bridges across the Ohio river to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES OP P.. 11. BCTLEB.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up for
consideration House bill No. 870, to remove
political disabilities from Roderick R. Butler,
of Tennessee. It is a matter that has been
pending for some time, and it ought to be dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the
morning business is through, the joint resolu-
tion can be taken up on a motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to inquire of the Senator from Illinois whether
it is likely to occupy much time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. It relates
to a member of the House of Representatives.
It has been pending here for a long time, and
it is a question that ought to be disposed of at
the earliest opportunity. 1 cannot say, but I
hope it will take only a little time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to finish
the Army appropriation bill to day. It was
considered some time ago and amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we can do both.
I imagine this bill is not going to take long.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With that under-
standing I will not interfere.
Mr. DAVIS. I will remark to the honor-
able Senator from Illinois that the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] was in
the midst of a speech in opposition to the
passage of the bill that he moves to take up.
He went home a few days ago, and I under-
stood from him that he would be back to-day.
1 have no particular opposition to the bill
myself, but I hope the honorable Senator will
extend the courtesy to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to await until to-morrow or some
subsequent day of the session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed the Senator
from Pennsylvania had concluded his remarks
on this bill. The Senator from Kentucky will
recollect that the bill was recommitted, on
some suggestions which were made by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, to the Committee on
the Judiciary. They have taken some testi-
mony since, and it has been printed and laid
upon our tables; and I was not advised that
the Senator from Pennsylvania would pursue
the matter any further. It was in reference to
some testimony contained in the report of the
testimony taken in the House of Representa-
tives winch the Senator from Pennsylvania
supposed showed that Mr. Butler had, in the
prosecution of guerrillas, or in the prosecution
of the war, been guilty of acts that were not
pvoper in civilized warfare. Mr. Butler
himself lias been examined under oath, and
Colonel Stokes also, and that testimony has
been printed, which explains those transac-
tions j and I was not aware that the Senator
from Pennsylvania designed further to oppose
tbe bill. If the Senator from Kentucky is
advised that he does, it may go over.
Mr. DAVIS. In answer to the Senator I
will simply state that Mr. Buckalew remarked
to me at the time he ceased to speak on that
subject that he had not concluded his remarks
upon it. That is all I know in relation to it.
I have no doubt that he contemplates making
still further remarks upon that bill.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] on the evening of
our last adjournment, said to me that lie had
not concluded his speech upon the Arkansas
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is not the Arkan-
sas bill. It is a House bill in reference to the
removal of the political disabilities of a mem-
ber of the House, Judge Butler, of Tennessee.
Mr. MORTON. I understood him as speak-
ing about the Arkansas bill. He may have
referred to the matter in Tennessee; but he
said he had not concluded his speech, and he
hoped the bill would not be pressed to-day. I
presume lie referred to the Tennessee matter,
but I understood him as speaking of the Ark-
ansas matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that the
Senator from Pennsylvania spoke to mo in
regard to the Arkansas bill, and although I
should be very glad now to call up that bill, it
was not my intention to call it up, because I
supposed it would be impossible to get consid-
eration definitely upon it. I wish, however, to
give notice to the Senate that the day after to-
morrow 1 shall make an effort to call«up and
dispose of the bill recognizing the State gov-
ernment in Arkansas. In reference to that bill
the Senator from Pennsylvania spoke to me.
However, I am not disposed to do any dis-
courteous act to anybody, and if the Senator
from Kentucky supposes that the Senator from
Pennsylvania desires to be heard further in
reference to this matter I shall not press my
motion, and withdraw it.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate at this time to move that
Mr. Grimes be excused from serving as one
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(II. II. No. 678) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
180!). lie is ill and unable to complete the
duties of his appointment. The conference
has not made any report. 1 move that ho be
excused in order that some gentleman may fill
his place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection. No
objection being made, the Senator from Iowa is
excused.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The place will need to
be filled by the appointment by the Chair.
The PRE SI DENT pro tempore. The Chair
will appoint Mr. Moruill, of Maine, on that
committee in place of Mr. Grimes.
HAKJBOJtS T,\ CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COLIi. I move to take up Senate joint
resolution No. 40, for the purpose of moving
an amendment to it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 40) in relation to a har-
bor at or near Point Sal, on the coa,st, of Cali-
fornia, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
investigation to be made, as soon as practicable,
by the officers of the United States Coast Sur-
vey in California, as to the existence of a har-
bor in the vicinity of Point Sal, on the coast
of California.
Mr. COLE. I move as an amendment to
the joint resolution to add the following:
Also, to cause an examination to ho made of tho
mouth of -Del liver, in Mendocino county, in that
iStftio, with a view to its impiovemonl for naviga-
tion ; and also to eausc to lie examined the harbors
of iN'ew San Pedro or Vv'ilininiUon, San Diego, and
Santa Cruz, with a view to their improvement.
Mr. KESSENDEN. 1 should like to hear
the resolution read again.
The Chief Clerk read the original resolu-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be
belter to refer that, to t.he Committee on Com-
merce and let it be examined into.
Mr. COLE. It has been before the corn-
Was the amendment
Then I think it had
miltee and reported back. I suppose there
can be no objection to it, and 1 ask for its
consideration now.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
before the committee?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
better go there, because it will involve very
considerable expense.
Mr. COLE. 'The only objection I have to
that reference is the loss of time it would
occasion. The joint resolution merely directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause an
investigation or examination of these harbors
on that coast. The growing commerce of these
harbors, owing to the increased agricultural
productions thei'c, renders it quite necessary
that, they should be examined with this view.
However, if there is any objection to its con-
sideration now, I shall not insist upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine move a reference of the
resolution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I withdraw
the motion.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the resolution is
passed I desire to inquire if it comes from a
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does.
It is reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, but all amendment has been made to it
in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the amendment has
the assent of the committee, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment has
not the assent of any committee at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know nothing about
it; but such resolutions as this inadvertently
passed often lead to very large expenditures of
money. 'This may not be one of that kind. I
know nothing about it; but it seems to me it
ought to have the sanction of some commit-
tee; it ought to have been investigated or else
explained to the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, this reso-
lution proposes certain surveys which have
been asked for by the Legislature of California
in joint resolutions presented here, and some
of which are recommended also by the admiral
stationed on the Pacific coast. The resolution,
embracing a part of what it now contains, has
already had reference to the Committee on
Commerce. It has been amended so as to ex-
tend the examination, at the instance of my
colleague. The work proposed to be done will
not be donej^s-if matter of course, unless the
appropi^irflon already made and provided for
ist survey on the coast of California
of its being done. If so, there can be
possible objection. I would have suggested
that the War Department be given the charge
of these purveys; but, as I supposed that that
point was considered in the committee, and has
been considered by my colleague also, I did
not make the suggestion or propose any amend-
ment of that kind.
Senators may content themselves, I think,
so far as the matter of appropriation is con-
cerned. The importance of the surveys and
the importance of some of these improvements
can scarcely be estimated, and certainly can
not be overestimated; as, for instance, the
harbor of Wilmington, south of San Diego,
where there is no port into which one of our
national vessels can go in case of bad weather.
The subject has been very thoroughly consid-
ered and explained by the admiral stationed
on that coast, Admiral Thatclier, a very intel-
ligent and able man. I have in Dispossession
reports from him recommending and urging
that some steps be taken with a view to the
preparation of the port of San Pedro or Wil-
mington for the reception of our national ves-
sels and the establishment of a coaling depot
there, so as to render it unnecessary to make
an expensive trip for many hundred miles
Sail Francisco to coal our national vessels.
to
I
