L8G8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S583
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that I offered to do that, but some Senator
objected.
Mr. DAVIS. I think that would be a whole-
some provision.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from Maryland
and the Senator from Kentucky both seem to
me to overlook the real object ot' any such
article. The real object is not the protection
of property ; it is the protection of the service
from the deleterious consequences of gambling
among its officers. That is the object of the
article; it is the object of almost all these
articles ; and it is agreed by all the testimony
that we have that this practice is deleterious
to the service, and being so, it has been
thought advisable to suggest a proposition
whereby the practice among the officers of the
Army of gambling for gain, which is intelli-
gible to the common sense, as it seems to me,
of every one, should be prevented.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Connecticut I think attributes the effect as the
cause. I do not think that gaming is the cause,
but it is the consequence of a general demor-
alizing influence in camp life. During the late
war one of the most gallant soldiers and col-
onels in the Kentucky service informed me
that he was called to witness the death of one
of his most esteemed soldiers, and when he
got to it he found the brother of that soldier
engaged in a game of cards and not paying the
least attention to his dying brother whose im-
mortal soul was about to take its flight to
another world. It is the camp that prepares
the heart and the mind of men who live in it
for such practices as gamine; and a devotion to
gaming to the extreme extent to which that
unfortunate soldier had it. There is nothing
but idleness and vacuity in the camp in peace
times; at least there is a great amount of it.
Men want to fill up their vacant hours, their
idle time ; and they do this by a resort to cards,
and you cannot devise any legislation that will
stop it. It is like drinking, but not so bad.
I do not rate this vice as my honorable friend
from California does. I have known many
gamesters to reform wholly; I have never
known but one or two drunkards in my life-
time that did reform. The amount of evil in
the world that results from drinking, to my
mind, is, without calculation, greater than that
which results from gaming, though they are
both great vices, and productive, in a greater
or less extent, of unmitigated evil. But the
idea of having a provision of this kind in the
articles of war that cannot be executed, that
no man in the Army will have the disposition
to execute, is to my mind very idle. 1 believe
that a disbursing officer ought not to be allowed
to game, and there ought to be rigorous pro-
visions in the articles of war to prevent officers
of that class from gaming.
Bank officers, merchants' clerks, who have
access to money, paymasters, quartermasters
and pther disbursers of the public money ought
not to be allowed to game if it is possible to
stop it; and I admit the reasonableness of
legislation or of an effort to legislate so as to
stop it entirely ; but when you lay down a gen-
eral rule that an officer who is charged with
gaming, or with gaming with a view to gain,
because, as the honorable Senator from Nevada
says, all gaming results from avarice and from
a desire to win, to gain, there is no other
gaming; but when you endeavor to suppress
that in the Army by such a provision as is now
under consideration, you attempt that which
is utterly impossible, and that brings the rules
and regulations of the Army rather into con-
tempt than to effect. I do not game. I deem
the evil and deleterious influence of both the
vices to which I have referred. I would be
very glad if they both could be eradicated, not
only from the Army but from the world.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think there is and
ought to be a prohibition against gambling in
the Army, and I think it should be on# against
common gambling, and not punish by so severe
an infliction as dismissal from the service for
a single offense, which may have been com-
mitted thoughtlessly. That seems to me en-
tirely too severe. I am quite willing to vote
for a provision which shall strike at those who
are addicted to the habit, and who are likely to
demoralize others and spread a bad influence
in the Army. As the provision now stands,
however, a single deviation from high pro-
priety might entail upon an officer the disgrace
and injury of a peremptory dismissal from ser-
vice.
It is idle to say that a court-martial will not
convict a man unless the case is very gross.
They are to try the officer upon specific charges
setting forth specific facts.
If they find them they are bound to return the
charges and specifications " found " and report
that the officer is guilty. .They have no dis-
cretion but a peremptory dismissal from the
service. I think a law of that kind will not be
enforced in many cases, and when it is enforced
it will produce, perhaps, inconvenience and
hardship in practical cases. I should therefore
desire to vote for the provision changed so as to
read that the offense shall constitute common
gambling. There are blacklegs in the Army,
as they are called; there are men who follow the
practice of fleecing green people, whose delight
it is to seduce the young and the foolish into
this habit. I would strike with a severe hand
at all these people and even at an officer of
merit in other respects who sank down into a
common habit of gambling; for the good of
the public service I should permit him to be
dismissed; but as now proposed this provision
seems to be unreasonable and improper.
Mr. FERRY. I think in the suggestion
which is made as to the penalty proposed by
the substitute, the suggestion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania deserves consideration;
that possibly the limitation of the penalty to
the single punishment of dismissal from the
service is improper; and I would therefore
modify the proposition by striking out the last
words "be dismissed from the service," and
substituting in lieu thereof " shall suffer such
punishment as a court-martial shall impose,
not exceeding dismissal from the service."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment., as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the billon
page 39, article one hundred and four, line
seven, by striking out the word "specific."
The proviso to that article reads :
Provided, That no regulations or orders shall be
made in conflict with the Rules or Articles of War,
or witli any specific act of Congress.
I think it is proper to say "any act of
Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I have one other amend-
ment to propose. It is to insert as an additional
section the following:
And be it further enacted. That section thirty-seven
of the act entitled "An act to increase and fix the
military peace establishment ot the United States,"
approved July 28,1806, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed. •
I will simply say that in the act reorganizing
the Army after the war, it was provided that
the Secretary of War should prepare rules and
regulations for the government of the Army
and militia called into the service. These
rules have been made. I believe there are
over two hundred of them in number. They
have not been reported to Congress; and these
Articles of War provide that the Secretary of
War or the President shall have the power to
issue these rules and regulations. The object
is to repeal that act requiring these rules and
regulations to be submitted to Congress and
enacted. It may be desirable to change them,
and to change them often, according to the
condition and circumstances of the country,
and therefore it is proposed to repeal this law,
so that these regulations may be issued by the
War Department and modified according to
their wishes, not inconsistent with the laws of
Congress or with these Articles of War.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I doubt the propriety of
that. The thirty-seventh section, which the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes to repeal,
provides:
"That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to have prepared, and to report to Congress,
at its next session, a code of regulations for the gov-
ernment of the Army and of the militia in actual
service, which shall embrace all necessary orders
and forms of a general character for the perform-
ance of all duties^ incumbent on officers and men in
the military service, including rules for the govern-
ment oi courts-martial. The existing regulations to
remain in force until Congress shall hare acted on
said report."
Now, if you repeal that section and leave it
to customary law, as it was before that act was
passed, it reposes in the Presidentof the United
States the supreme control of the whole regu-
lations of the Army, aside from these that are
called the Articles of War. I am free to say
that in the existing condition of things, I am
entirely opposed to turning over to the Presi-
dentof the United States the law for the regu-
lation of the Army.
Mr. WILSON. I have simply to say that
all the regulations for the government of the
Army have always been issued in that way,
and this provision was put in the law of 18t>6
by the persistency of one gentleman. ' It was
a great mistake at the time ; and I venture to
say that if the regulations are reported here
we shall never enact them. It may, perhaps,
just at this time be proper to retain that sec-
tion of the law. I do not wish to press the
amendment if Senators are opposed to it.
But I will say that the Secretary of War is
very desirous to issue the rules and regulations
that have been prepared with a great deal of
care and labor. I have no idea that if they
are sent here we shall ever legislate on the
subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. Congress alone has the
power to prescribe rules and regulations for
the Army—a power which I do not think they
can delegate to the Secretary of War or to the
President. The rules which have been framed
by the officers of the Army maybe very objec-
tionable in every way; and I more than doubt
whether it is in our power, without a clear
abandonment of the constitutional provision,
to let the Army be governed by rules and reg-
ulations which have never received the super-
vision of Congress. If the Army has been
governed in the past by rules and regulations
prescribed by Congress, and will be governed
for the future by the Articles of War which we
are now about to establish, I do not see any
necessity for prescribing other rules, at any rate
for the few months that are to intervene between
the termination of this session and the com-
mencement of the next. I submit to my friend
from Massachusetts that perhaps we have no
authority to devolve upon the Secretary of
War or the President of the United States the
power to prescribe rules and regulations.
Mr. WILSON. Congress gave this power
to the President and Secretary of War more
than twenty years ago. Congress had legislated
on the subject, but on the recommendation of
General Scott Congress gave the power to the
Secretary of War to issue his orders and modify
and change them according to circumstances,
and from that time up to the passage of the
act in 180G, a period of twenty years, through
the Mexican war and through the last war,
rules and regulations by the authority of Con-,
gress were issued by the War Department and
modified and changed according to the needs
of the country. However, as I am anxious to
get this bill through, I will withdraw the amend-
ment to gratify my friend from Vermont, who,
I know, will be exceedingly pleased to have it
withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is
withdrawn.
Mr. THAYER. On page 29, article eighty-
three, I move to strike out all of the article
after the word "rank," at the end of the third
line, and to insert the words "according lo the
dates of their commissions." The words to be
striken out are :
Next after officers of the like grade in said regular
forces, notwithstanding the commissions ot sucn
