1868.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
through the whole progress of the impeach-
ment the morning hour shall bo dispensed with.
Mr. HOWARD. We can meet at eleven
o'clock, if necessary.
Mr. BUCKALEW". Yes, we may change
our hour of meeting, and I suppose it will
become necessary.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I deem it my duty to call
the attention of the Senate to the concluding
words of this rule, as follows:
On such adjournment of the court the Senate shall
resume the consideration of its legislative and ox-
ecutivobusiness.
These words seem to suppose that the Sen-
ate, on the adjournment of the court, will re-
sume the consideration of its legislative and
executive business. I content myself now with
calling the attention of the Senate to this im-
portant provision. If the proceedings on which
we are entering did not concern the President
of the United States; if the occasion were not
of surpassing solemnity ; if our path were not
entirely without the light of precedents in our
own country; if it were not of infinite import-
ance that the precedent we are about establish
should be consistent with the highest justice,
I should follow the report of the committee
without a hint or a suggestion. Sir, shall the
Senate, after the trial of the President of the
United States has commenced, continue to
transact legislative and executive business?
Or shall it set itself apart exclusively to this
great proceeding?
Again, shall the Senate continue to hold its
customary relations with the President ar-
raigned at our bar in the name of the people
of the United States; or shall it adopt a sys-
tem of non-intercourse until the trial is brought
to a close?
These are questions which I now put with-
out undertaking to answer them. Perhaps we
are not far enough advanced in the matter to
see them in all their bearings.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment being proposed the article will be con-
sidered as adopted, and the next will be read.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator who
has charge of this report will consent to a mo-
tion to adjourn. It is getting to be very late,
and it is impracticable to pass these rules this
evening, and 1 should hardly think it would
be proper to urge them now against strong
opposition.
Mr. CONNESS. We are nearly through.
Mr. ANTHON Y. The main question which
the Senator from Indiana rose to debate at the
beginning of the session is yet to be consid-
ered, and that is the most important point and
will take time. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn, but I will not make the motion
unless the Senator from Michigan will a&sent
to it.
Mr. HOWARD. i have onl'y to say that the
subject itself is entirely in the hands of the Sen-
ate. I shall make no complaint if the Senate
wish to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending
that motion, the Chair desires, with the indul-
gence of the Senate, to present some House
bills for reference.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following hill and joint resolutions
received from the House of Representatives
were severally read by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
A bill (H. R- No. 784) to amend the act
entitled '• An act authorizing the construction
of a jail in and for the District of Columbia,
approved July 2-i, 180G—to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 218) for the
relief ol John W. Palmer—to the Committee
on Claims. . . , ,
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 219) for the
relief of George W. Lane, superintendent of
ths branch mint at Denver, Colorado terri-
tory, and Assistant Treasurer of the United
States—to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. Anthony's motion was agreed to; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 29, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. IIOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 302) for the relief of the heirs
of the late Major General I. B, Richardson,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 270) for the temporary relief
of destitute people in the Districtoi Columbia ;
and
Joint resolution (S. No. 108) relating to the
survey of the northern and northwestern lakes.
UNITED STATUS BRANCH, SAN I'RANCISCO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, relative to the con-
dition and management of the United States
branch mint at San Francisco, California;
which was referred to the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures, and oidered to be
printed.
JAIL IN TIIE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER. The unfinished business
at the adjournment last evening was a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House
recommitted to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds House bill No. 784,
to amend the act entitled "An act authorizing
the construction of a jail in and for^the Dis-
trict of Columbia," approved July 25, 18CG._
The vote will be reconsidered, and the bill is
therefore now before the House on the motion
to recommit.
The Clerk read the bill as follows :
A bill to amend the. act entitled "An act author-
izing the construction of a jail in and fin- tlio Dis-
trict of Columbia," approved July 25,1866.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilouse of Represent-
ative:, o) the United Mates oj America in Congress as-
sembled, That the act entitled "An act authorizing
the construction of a tail m and for tlie District of
Columbia" bo, and is hereby, amended so as to read
as lollows, to wit: that the contracts heretofore at-
tempted to be made under the act of which this is
amendatory, by the Secretary of tho lutcnor, on
behalf of the United States, with W.H. Allen and
other?, foi the building of the new jail fortho District
or Columbia, be, and hereby are, declared null and
void, and shall theneoiortli be treated as of 110 force
or effect, and no money shall be paid nor any woik
done thereunder; and that the plans and specifica-
tions made by jj. Faxon, and upon which said con tracts
were attempted to bo made, be, and aro hereby, re-
jected and abandoned as unsuitable for the purpose
for which they were designed, and not in accordance
with existing laws.
Skc.2. And be it farther enacted, Thatliartbolomew
Oertly, Saylos J. Bowen, and J". M. Edmunds be, and
hereby are, appointed a board of commissioners for
the construction of the new jail m the District ot
Columbia, and they are hereby authorized and di-
rected to immediately select a suitable site on some ot
the public grounds belonging to the United btates in
the city of Washington on which to erect said jail, and
as soon ad said selection shall be made they shall
report the same to Congress for approval or disap-
proval, and whenever Congress shall approve a selec-
tion made by said board the ground so selected shall
thenceforth be set apart for said jail, and until its
completion be under the control ot said board. And
the said board, at the earliest possible period alter
such approval, shall procure plans and specifications
of a jail suitable lor the accommodation of three hun-
dred persons, or as near that number as practicable,
which said plans and specifications shall be in all
respects complote and perfected, and il on an exam-
nation of the same they shall beapproved andadopted
certificates of such adoption and approval shall be
entered thereon, signed by each member of tnc boaid
or a majority thereof, and be carefully preserved by
sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That as soon as
said plans and specifieationsshall have been adopted
and certified as aforesaid said board shall cause a
jail, in accoi dance therewith, to be constructed oij s ua
sue, and for that purpose shall publish a notice lor
proposals for theconstruction thereof for atleasttnnty
days in a leading newspaper m the city of Washing-
ton, which notice shall specify a place m thesa^d city
where the plans and specifications can be seen, and
it time when the contract shall be lot; and said board
shall let the whole work in one contract to the lowest
and best bidder, who will give satisfactory bond in
the penal sum of $100,000, with sufficient sureties, to
bo approved in writing by said board, for the faithful
completion of tho work according to contract a-nd to
the satisfaction of said board: Provided, however.
That said board may rejectall bids if theydeem them
unreasonably high or unworthy of acceptance, and,
shall rejectall that aro above said sum of $200,000:
And provided further, That no bid shall be considered
unless it bo accompanied with a satisfactory bond in
the sum of $10,000, conditioned that tho bidder shall
enter into the contract if it be awarded to him, and
give the security required by this act for the comple-
tion of tho work, or pay to the United States the
difference between his bid and the one on which the.
contract shall befmally awarded and let. In the event
of the rejection of all tho bids, new advertisements
shall immediately be published as herein directed,
and now bids be received by said board.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the unex-
pendedportion of tho appiopriationheretofore made
by the act of July 25, 1X6G, tor the purpose of build-
ing a jail in said District of Columbia, is hereby
continued and renewed for said purpose, and in
addition thereto such sum as shall be necessary to
make the sum of $200,000 is hereby appopriated out
of any money in tho United States Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be drawn on the order of
ssiid board; and the contract price shall bo paid in
monthly installments, according to contract, as the
work progresses, upon the certificate of tlie supervis-
ing architcct having direction of tho work, except
that twenty per cent, of all estimates shall be re-
tained as security until the completion of the entire
work. It shall be the duty of said board to insert m
thocontract all such reasonable and usual provisions,
conditions, and safeguards as they shall deem neces-
sary for the protection of the United States, without
specifying the same in tho advertisements for pro-
posals; and they are authorized after the now jail
is completed to sell at public sale, on reasonable no-
tice thereof, the matenals of tho old jail now located
on Judiciary square, and to pay tho proceeds into
the Treasury of the United States.
Skc. 5. And be it Jurtker enacted, That after the
contract for said jail shall be let the said board shall
appoint a competent supervising arclnUfect to super-
intend and direct, under the control and supervision
of said board, the work of said jail; and the expense
of said supciintcndont, and of plans and specifica-
tions. shall not exceed the rates that are customary
for similar work when done for individuals; and tho
piico of the plans and specifications shall be paid,
when they shall be approved, and that of the super-
intendent, as the work progresses, on the order ot
said boaid, out of any moneys m the ireasury not
otherwise appropriated. ,
Skc G. And be it further cnactca, That said board
be, and are hereby, authorized to rcccive from
Charles A. Weidner, to be used in said jail, so much
and no more of the iron, which he heretofore con-
tracted to furnish for said jail,as shall bo suitable to
bo us«d under the new plans and specifications herein
ducoted to be procured, at the prices at which he
formerly contracted to furnish the same; and in ad-
veuibing and letting a new contract said board shall
pi ovule for turning in all n on winch shall bo l ccoivod
from '•aid Weidner under this section as part pay-
ment for building the jail, at the price at which the
same is furm>hod by said W cidner. i
Sfc 7 And be it tvrther enacted, That eacn mem-
ber of the hoard of commissioners-shall rpceive as full
compensation for his services under this actH,000;
and the sum necessary to pay the said board and the
architcct is hereby appropriated, to bepaid, on the
oidcr of said board, out of any moneys in the Ireas-
ury not otherwise appropriated. A majority of the
said board shall have power to do anything which is
required of said board in this law.
Sec. 8. And be itfurtherenacted.lMt, for the pur-
nn«sp of reimbursing the United States for a part ot
the cost of said jail, it shall be the duty of the proper
authorities of thecity of "Washington who have power
to levy and collect taxes for general city purposes
thci ein, and they are hereby required, to raise by tax
oi otherwise,and payinto the ireasuryof theUnited
States at or before the time of the completion of ?ai<l
jail, and before the 15th day of July, A. D. 1869, I he
sum of £78,0011; and it shall be thelike duty of the like
proper authorities of the city of Georgetown, and
tbev are hereby required, to raise by tax or other-
wise, and pay into the treasury of the United States
at or before the time last aforesaid, the sum oi $1^,000,
and it shall be the like duty ot the like proper au-
thorities of the county of AVashmgton, in said Dis-
tiict, and they are hereby required, to raise by tax
or otherwise,and payinto the Treasury of the United
States at or before the time lastaforesau^thesuin of
$10,000, which said several sums shall be dwmcd tho
fair proportion of the cost of said jail of said cities
[ and county respectively; and the propernfuAlt°rl
I having power to assess, levy, and collect taxes for
! city and county purpose? in said citios and county
I respectively, a/e hereby authorized and required to
■ assess, lew, and collect, upon and from the tax a )lo
property within their several jurisdictions and con-
trol, taxes sufficient to pay the amounts so as afore-
said required of said cities and county respectively,
and to pay such amounts into ttie Lmted fctates
be ^ further enacted, That all laws or
parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act be, and the same aro hereby, repealed.
Mr, COVODB. I demand the previous ques-
