THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
him. Their advice and consent roust first be
obtained, as an indispensable prerequisite.
This check was intended for the public good,
for the public safety ; and was doubtless sug-
gested by the monstrous abuses practiced in
the Colonies by the unchecked power of the
Crown in appointing unworthy favorites to
office among them, who, in the language of
the Declaration of Independence, had been
licensed to "eat out their substance." Atany
rate, it was a measure of wise and sound pre-
caution against the tyranny of an irresponsi-
ble appointing power, and the corruption and
favoritism of uncontrolled, unexamined, secret
appointments to office. Against these, "the
advice and consent of the Senate" were es-
teemed sufficient safeguards.
The " appointment" is then the jointactof
the Senate and the President; I say joint act,
because that act which to become complete and
effectual, requires the concurrenceof two wills,
is, in morals as in law, a joint act.
It follows, logically, that if, as is conceded
and undeniable, the power of removal is an
incident to or a part of the power of appoint-
ment, the appointment cannot be revoked ; the
office cannot be recalled ; the officer cannot be
removed, but by the concurrence of the same
wills that acted in the appointment. The rev-
ocation must, in point of authority, be coex-
tensive with the authority that granted the
power; or, to speak more correctly-, the
authority must be the same.
It follows that the President has no power
of removal without the consent of the Senate;
because the power of removal is necessarily the
same power that made the appointment. No
distinction can in the nature of things be drawn
between the former and the latter. They are
not two powers, but one and the same. The
division of them, and some have divided or
sought to divide them, is a mere metaphysical
subtlety, a mere play upon words. The words
"appointment"' and "by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate'' are intended for
practical use, and are addressed to us in a
practical sense, for the purpose of conferring
a public benefit; not as a theme of metaphys-
ical disputation and wrangling. They are of
no utility whatever unless they are held to
mean that the constituent power necessary to
an appointment to a public office is made up
of the will of the President and the will of the
Senate ; and as it is this double consent, this
joint concurrent will, that gives the appoint-
ment, it cannot be revoked without the exer-
cise of exactly the same concurrent will, this
double consent.
To say that one of the two joint constitu-
ents can undo an act which it required both to
do is to give to one the power ot both, which
is a contradiction in terms; for an act which
requires the concurrence of two parties can-
not be undone by one of them without yield-
ing to the one the power of both, which is
absurd.
It is no answer to this to say that, after the
consent of the Senate has been given, it rests
with the President alone whether he will ap-
point the person nominated and consented to.
This is literally true, but it is equally true that
he can make no appointment whatever with-
out that consent. _ He may chauge his mind
as to the first nomination, and may refuse to ap-
point the person named; but whoever is in the
end appointed by him must receive the con-
sent ot' the Senate. This consent is, by the
terms of the clause, as indispensable as the
consent of the President. An appointment
cannot be made without the consent of both.
The power to invest the person with the office
i« lodged in both by the plain terms of the
instrument, and the Senate raightas well assume
to appoint without the consent of the Presi-
dent as the latter to appoint without the con-
sent of the Senate.
The power claimed is not, then, derived from
the appointing clause of the Constitution.
The next provision relied upon is the clause
contained in section one of article two, declar-
ing that "the executive power shall be vested
in a President of the U nited States of America.''
This clause is generally appealed to as imply-
ing a grant of the power of removal from office.
It is said that the power of removal is in its
nature an executive power. But the first ques-
tion arising here is one of definition. What is
here meant by the executive potter?_ The
surest mode of obtaining a true meaning is
undoubtedly to show what the expression can-
not be presumed to mean. Was this expres-
sion used in reference to the so-called executive
power of the English Government? Surely
not. For at that time, as iu all former and in
all subsequent times, there was not and has not
been anything deserving of the name of a defi-
nition or classification of the executive powers
of that Government. Nor can there be; forso
long as the theory remains true that the British
Parliament possess unlimited power, such a
classification is, of course, impossible. By that
theory, and by the practice of the Parliament,
as history shows, there is no power, faculty, or
prerogative of the British Crown which may
not be modified, limited, or even taken away
by act of Parliament. Indeed, that body pos- i
sesses the unquestioned power both of directing j
the descent of the Crown and of deposing the I
sovereign at will. And it is practically true
that all political power in England is vested in i
Parliament. It is true that, in administration
the king is to attend to the execution of the
laws by commissioning agents or officers for
that purpose ; but he cannot claim it as a legal
right against an act of Parliament. He might
complain of such an act as an encroachment
upon his prerogatives, but should Parliament
appoint the officers by direct act of legislation,
no one will pretend that this mode of consti-
tuting them would be illegal and void.
The very omnipotence of Parliament is a
standing denial that the executive powers of
our own Constitution are to be defined by
reference to those of the British king ; and all
explanations of the expression sought for in
the Government of France, Austria, or any
other continental nation, afford, if possible,
less light by the way of definition than that ot
Great Britain. The reason is that none of
those Governments possesses a written consti-
tution by which the political authority of the
people is parceled out among the various
functionaries. With us the case is different.
Here the people, the source and fountain of
all political power, have seen fit to writedown
in their own Constitution what political powers
or bundles of powers may he exercised by the
three departments or faculties of the Govern-
ment, namely, the legislative, the executive,
and the judicial. They carefully declare that
" all legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States."
Then follows a list or enumeration of all these
legislative powers and of the subjects upon
which they may be exercised. Nobody doubts
that an attempt to legislate beyond these pow-
ers, or upon subjects not embraced in the
enumeration, would be void and inoperative.
Why? Because the power thus to legislate is
not granted, and the object is not within the
reach of Congress. Their legislation ceases,
withers, and dies, the moment it passes the
line of constitutional limitation.
Another department' or faculty of the Gov-
ernment is called in the Constitution the
| "judicial power." The extent of its appli-
i cation is m like manner laid down in the
I instrument, and all the cases to which it can be
: applied are therein carefully made known, and
i the restrictions upon this attribute of the Gov-
I ernment are equally perceptible in the lan-
guage of the Constitution.
Thus it appears that the framers, under the
respective heads of legislative power and judi-
cial powers, were careful to enumerate and
designate the legislative and the judicial attri-
butes of the Government, and to insert terms
of limitation and exclusion, so as to bind up
those two departments specifically to the duties
imposed upon them. It was the policy of the
Constitution to delegate, define, and hnnt the
powers of those two branches. This is admitted
by all. It is.a fundamental principle, a postu-
late. Now, this being, the ease in referenceto
the legislative and judicial branches, who would
think of deriving unrestricted executive power
from that clause of the Constitution declaring
that the " executive power shall be vested in a
President ? " No one will deny that this lan-
guage is a general grant of the executive power.
But it is, of course, a grant—a grant not,
of all or of any imaginable executive power—
not a grant of royal prerogatives or of unlim-
ited despotic power—but a grant of powers
which in their nature were as easily -defined
and ascertained, and were, to say the least, as
deserving of designation and description as the
other powers; and no reason can be devised
why the Convention should have so carefully
defined the powers of the other two branches
and left the executive branch undefined and
unlimited. Such an omission would be con-
trary to the very genius of constitutional gov-
ernment, and would argue a culpable inatten-
tion and neglect 011 the part of the Convention.
This reproach cannot be east upon them, for
1 we find them equally assiduous and watchful
I in defining all the powers they delegate to the
. President of the united States. They grant to
I him no undefined powers. They had granted
• none to the other two branches, and the rea-
sons for definition and restriction were and are
of equal stringency in each of the three.
If, therefore, the other two branches are to
look for their powers in the Constitution, and
among the enumerated powers, and out of and
regardless of the two general phrases, "all
legislative powers" and "the judicial power
of the United States," which are in their
nature and office mere captions or headings of
chapters, we must by parity of reasoning look
for the executive powers in the chapter or
clauses enumerating them. And among these
there is not to be found any such power as the
i power of removal from office. It is not there
! set down. It is not at all implied from that
which is set down, and it is mere assumption
and not a logical deduction tq derive it from
what is expressed.
Again, it is insisted that the power is deriv-
able from the clause of section three of article
two. which declares that "he shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executedand it
is said he cannot do this unless he has the power
of removal.
This clause creates no power. Its language
implies no grant of authority. To " take care''
means to be vigilant, attentive, faithful, l'he
language imports nothing more than an admo-
nition to him to keep himself informed of the
manner public officers intrusted with legal duties
. perform them, and, in cases of delinquency, to
; apply any corrective in his power. Laws can-
■ not be put in force without agents, incumbents,
j The power and duty of nominating them are
| east upon him. He must designate them to
i the Senate in the first instanc; and in order
i that the laws may be faithfully executed he
! must nominate faithful and competent officers.
' Should a vacancy happen in an office during
j the recess of the Senate, this clause requires
! hira to fill it by a temporary commission to
I some other faithful and competent man, as
I provided in the next preceding clause. He
! does not execute the laws personally, and
!| there is neither a word nor an intimation in
!i the whole instrument that he is expected to do
ij so; but he is only to take care that they
|l executed; that is, he is to use vigilantly and
!| faithfully the power of nomination given to him
separately, and the power of appointment given
H t,o him jointly with the Senate and the power
j: to fill vacancies so happening, given to him
II solely for the purpose ot causing the laws to be
faithfully executed for the good of the people.
I The doctrine, asserted broadly and uncon-
,! ditionally in Mr. Johnson's answer, that he
has. asaseparateandindependeutpowerunder
!l the Constitution, the power of removal, leads
! to the most latal consequences. It directly
! subverts the popular character of the Govern-
;l ment. If, by virtue of the clause I am consid-
i| erinc, he can remove an officer, he may, of
