1867.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
SSL
by striking out that section and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
" Every free negro or mulatto over the age of
eighteen years who shall have emigrated to and set-
tled in this State since the 17th day of May, lS+<, |
and his descendants, and who shall be a resident of
this State on and after thefirst Monday in September,
18(31, shall be reduced to slavery."
The difference between this and the other
section is in the limitation of the effect of the
provision to those who had emigrated to and
settled in that State after the 17th of May,
1847, which day was named, because there
then took effect a law forbidding the emigra-
tion to that State from any other State or Terri-
tory of any free negfo or mulatto. When 1
"was called upon to vote upon that amendment
I was in this position: if I voted for it, and it
should be adopted, the operation of the bill,
in the event of its becoming a law, would be
confined to a comparatively few, and in fact to
a small number; if I voted against it, and it
should be defeated, the other section would be
retained, which proposed to reduce to slavery
every free negro or mulatto over the age of
eighteen years who, should "be found in the
State on and after the first Monday of Septem-
ber, 1861. I had no hesitation in voting for
the amendment, and it was incorporated in the
bill; but I never voted for it to become a law,
but, on the contrary, voted against the whole
bill on its final passage. In the following Feb-
ruary, at a called session of the Legislature,
the same bill was brought up again, when I
voted against it again at every stage and upon
its final passage.
This statement will satisfy the Senate that
the charge is, as I said before, totally and
unqualifiedly false, so far as it implies that I
voted for such a proposition to become a law.
president's annual message.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now move that the Sea-
ate proceed with the order of the day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the concurrent
resolution submitted by Mr. Drake on the 4th
instant in relation to the annual message of
the President of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON addressed the Senate in
opposition to the resolution. . [See Appendix.]
Mr. GRIMES. I move that this subject be
postponed until to-morrow, and that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatipes in regard
to an adjournment over the holidays.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to speak
for about five minutes on this subject, and I
would just as soon go on to-day. I am not
anxious though about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa to postpone the further consideration of
the resolution before the Senate until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhers^n, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 155) granting a certain
right of Way to the Hudson River West Shore
Railroad Company, and it was signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R, No. 161) to incorporate the
congregation of the First Presbyterian church
of Washington was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) in
regard to the publication of postal conventions
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting, in answer to a
resolution of November 25, a report from the
Secretary of State communicating information
in regard to the formation and functions of the
Government of the United States of North
Germany; which was Ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War, ad interim,,
in reply to the resolution of the 4th instant,
transmitting a report of the Adjutant General
of the Army relative to the reduction of the
military reservation of Point San J os6, Cali-
fornia ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War ad interim,
transmitting a letter of the Commissary Gen-
eral of Subsistence respecting an increase of
the officers of the subsistence department of
the Army ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War ad interim,
transmitting, in accordance with law, a state-
ment of contracts made by the quartermaster's
department from February 1, 1867, to Novem-
ber 80, 1867; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War ad interim,
stating that in his reply to the resolution of
November 27 respecting the case of Fitz John
Porter, a copy of a letter addressed to the
General of the Army by William B. Franklin,
dated September 21, 1867, was transmitted, in
which the words "we would not believe Pope
or Roberts under oath" should be changed to
" we would not believe two of the principal
witnesses for the Government under oath."
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
of the Acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs
relative to the importance of making sale of a
portion of the reservation of the Otoe and
Missouri Indians for their benefit; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Interior, in
answer to a resolution of the 12th instant call-
ing for certain information in relation to bonds
issued to the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and branches ; which was referred to the Com
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
adjournment for the holidays.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to take up the
House resolution in regard to adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read.
The Secretary read the resolution adopted
by the House on the 10th instant, as follows:
Renolved, (the Senate concurring,> That when the
two Houses adjourn on Friday, the 20th instant, the
President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives shall declare their respective
Houses adjourned until Monday, the 6th of January
next.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask whether we
had better proceed with that resolution to-day ?
Is it not better to put it off until next week ?
We shall then see the condition of the pub-
lic business and whether it will be expedient
for us to adjourn at the time proposed and
for so long a term. I think we can determine
that question much better then than we can
now. Some Senators may have made up their
minds now; but I confess that I do not see my
way to the adoption of so broad a resolution as
that proposed.
Mr. GRIMES. So far as I am individually
concerned I care nothing about it. I have
called up this resolution at the instance of a
good many members of the House of Repre-
sentatives who want to know whether the Sen-
ate is likely to concur in the resolution or not,
so that they may make their arrangements
accordingly. I do not expect to avail myself
of the privilege it will bestow on me if adopted,
of returning to my home during the holidays,
as I never have done so before. But 1 am well
aware that whether we pass it or not no busi-
ness of any description will be transacted here
during the holidays. For five or six years
after 1 came to this body I voted constantly
against adjourning over the holidays, and the
only result was that I myself, in company with
a minority of the Senators, was compelled to
tramp between my boarding-house and the
Capitol every third day in order to adjourn the
Senate over for that period of time; but no
business was transacted, and a few men, per-
haps, were deprived of the comfort of going
home to their families. We know that we
have not any pressing business now to do. The
character of the business which we are now
transacting is such that it had better not be
transacted. I do not say that of the speeches,
because I have no doubt they will enlighten
the country considerably; but I think it would
be better for the country if Congress should
adjourn over from to-day until after the holi-
days expire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have always been
opposed to these resolutions any further than
they adjourned over the immediate holidays
without taking additional time; but I do not
feel disposed to make any remarks on the sub-
ject. 1 wish simply to ask for the yeas and
nays, as I desire to put myself on record
against this proposition, as I have against all
similar ones heretofore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator fros#
Iowa that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken, I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to one possi-
ble consequence of the adjournment proposed.
Inhere is a bill now in the hands of the Presi-
dent entitled "A bill for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia."
It is the second time that it has been sent to
the President. The first time it experienced
the fate of what is called a pocket veto. Now
the question is whether the Senate will give the
President the opportunity of another pocket
veto on this same bill. If we adjourn at the
time proposed it certainly will expose the bill
to the danger of that treatment. I think, there-
fore, under the circumstancesj it would be
advisable for the Senate to continue in session
at least eleven days from the sending of the
bill to the President so that it need not be
treated in that way. I move, therefore, to
amend the resolution by striking out " Friday,
the 20th," and inserting "Tuesday, the 24th"
as the day on which we shall adjourn.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the resolution of
the House of Representatives.
The question being taken b$ yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buokalew, Cameron, Cole, Cragin,
Davis, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, Morrill of M-iine, Norton. Ross, Sherman,
Stewart, Xipton, Van Winkle, and Wiley—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Conkling, Dixon, Doolittlo, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen. Harlan,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull,
Wade. Wilson, and Yates—20. , „
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell,
Chandler. Conn ess, Corbett, Fowler, Guthrie, Howe,
Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Sauls-
bury, Sprague, and Williams—15.
So the resolution was not concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE subsequently moved to re-
consider the vote, and his motion was entered.
executive session.
Several messages of an executive character
were received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Johnson, his Secretary.
