1536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29 
tion, and call for the reading of the report of
the committee.
The SPEAKER. It will be counted out of
the gentleman's hoar.
Mr. COVODE. Very well. Let it be read
as part of my speech.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tho Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
present the following report:
By a resolution of December 20 last your commit-
tee were directed to investigate the contract for the
erection of the new jail in the District of Columbia,
and to send for persons and papers, to administer
oaths to witnesses, and to roporfc tho result of their
investigations to tho House.
The spirit as well as the letter of this resolution
required: first, a consideration of the several acts of
Congress relative to tho jail; and second, an exam-
ination of the manner in which their provisions have
boen executed, or in which it has been attempted to
execute them.
The first point called for simply a fair and just con-
struction of the pertinent laws. The second involved
a protracted investigation of facts, or of records, con-
tracts, and witnesses.
To both the committee have endeavored to give
candid and patient consideration.
It will give clearness and precision to tho report to
present the acts of Congress in full.
[Public—No. 133.]
An act authorizing the construction of a jail in and
for the District of Columbia.
< Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States oj America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of tho Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to select a suitable place on some
of the public grounds belonging to the Government
in the city of Washington, in tlic District of Colum-
bia, for, and construct thereon, upon such plan as he
may select, a jail of sufficient capacity to provide for
no less than three hundred prisoners, with suitable
yards, hospitals, &c.; tho entire cost of which shall
not exceed tho sum of &200,000.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
said site and tho plan of a jail shall be so selected
and agreed upon, the said Secretary of the Interior
shall employ an architect, and have prepared a design
for said building and plans descriptive thereof, with
complete specifications of tho work required and
the materials to be used, and shall publish notice of
a public letting of the contract for the building of the
same, at least thirty days before the letting, in the
principal newspapers in New York city, Boston,
Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Baltimore, and Washing-
ton, which notice shall direct a place where such
specifications can bo seen and a time at which the
contract is to bo let; and the said Secretary shall let
said contract to the lowest responsible bidder, and
the contractor therefor shall enterinto sufficient bond
for tho faithful completion of the said contract, to
the approval of tho Secretary.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said Sec-
retary shall "pay to the contractor or contractor in-
stallments on the contract price as tho work pro-
gresses, to bo certified to by the architect having
fcbo diiectioii thereof; but twenty per cent, of the
estimates shall bo retained until the completion of
the contract.
[Public Resolution—No. 41.]
Joint resolution in relation to the orection of a jail
in the District of Columbia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State# of Amci tea in Congress assembled.
That no money shall be paid out of the Treasury
toward tho construction of the new jail for the Dis-
trict of Columbia., under the act approved 25th July,
18(30, unless the letting of the contract lor the build-
ing of said jail be suspended and delayed until per-
fected plans lor the entire work shall have been com-
pleted and approved by a board of three, composed
of disinterested and competent engineois and archi-
tects, of which Quartermaster General M. C. Meigs
and A. B. Mullett, architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment, shall be two; nor unless tho letting of such
contract shall have boen opened to fair and equal
competition on reasonable notice, printed in two
leading newspapers printed and published in thecity
of Washington, after such approval of such new and
perfected plan; and that the Secretary of the lnteiior
be also authorized and directed to select a new site
for said jail, under said act.
Approved March 2, 1867.
tPuuLTC—No. 07.]
An act to amend an act entitled "An act authorizing
the construction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia," approved July 25,1866.
Be it enacted bp the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United State* of America i/i Co ngrcst assem-
bled, That so much of the sixth section of the act
entitled "An act authorizing the construction of a jail
in and for the District of Columbia," approved J uly
25,1866, as specifies the amount to be raised and paid
into the Treasury of the United States by the cities of
Washington andGeorgetown respectively, before tho
completion of said jail, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurtherenacted, Thatitshallbe the
duty of the properauthoritiesof thecity of "Washing-
ton, and they are hereby required, to raise, by tax or
otherwise, and pay into the Treasury of the United
States, at or befoi e the time of the completion of said
jail, the sum of $78,000; and it shall be the like duty
of the proper authorities of the city of Georgetown,
and theyaroherebyrequired.to raise, bytaxor other-
wise and pay into tho Treasury of the United States,
at or before the time of the completion of said jail, the
sum of $12,000.
ArrnovBi> March 2,1867.
From these citations it will be seen that while Con-
gress contemplated that, in the first place, the Uni-
tod States should pay for tho erection of the jail, the
District ot Columbia or its citizens will ultimately
be responsible for $100,000, or one half of the entire
cost. It is not, therefore, only the United States, but
each tax-payer of theDistrict, who is interested in tho
construction of the jail, and this fact demands, per-
haps, a more exact compliance with tho law than
might otherwise be called for. The District being
unrepresented, it is the special duty, we think, of
Congress to see that laws involving largely its pecu-
niary interests should be exactly and faithfully
obeyed. Certainly tho United States has always the
right to make this general demand. It becomes
important and pertinent, then, to inquire what is the
import of the laws which have been citod? what did
they require?
The committee responds thus to these inquiries:
1. A suitable site or location is requited. It was
not designed that the sito should be either incon-
venient, unhealthy, or inappropriate.
2. The erection of a jail which should accommodate
at least three hundred persons, and winch should
have suitable yards, hospitals, and so forth.
3. The erection of such a structure on tho best
modern plan. In the capital of tho nation Congress
did not for a moment think of erecting a prison on
any inferior or uncertain plan.
4. To securo a structure ot the best order, the ap-
pointment of an architect, and the preparation of
completed and perfected plans, approved, as regards
each particular, by three competent architects, of
which number Geneial M. C. Meigs and A. 13. Mul-
lett. should be two, were required. Congress did not
design leaving the matter to tho direction of incom-
petent or unknown men.
5. That, in older to limit tho cost as well as to obtain
a proper structure, tho approval of tho architects
should embrace not only tho details of the plan and
specifications, but also of tho work to be done and
the material to be used.
6. That to render fair and intelligible bidding pos-
sible advertisements ot the lulling should take place
atfor and not before tho completion and approval of
perfected plans, and of the designation of "mateual"
and the nature ot thework. Congressdid not design
leaving any ground for unfairness or tho artifices of
architects or speculators.
7. That the contract should be let to the lowest
responsible bidder. That requircmentis imperative.
Such aro the essential requirements of the law.
Have they been complied with? Have they been
properly regarded? The committee do not think
they have, and this conducts from the mere considei-
ation of the law to tho facts, 'they propose to take
up each point in the order they have been presented.
Jrirst. Is the location suitable? In relation to this
we believe there can bconly ono opinion. It is in-
convenient, because disiant from the city court-
room. It is unhealthy, in a low and marshy part of
thecity. Itis unbecoming. It is m lull view of the
Capitol. That a jail should bo erected near to the
chief edifice of the nation is so in conflict with good
taste and pride of country as to excite surprise that
any one could have selected the present location.
It is not, however, too late to save the nation from
tho disgrace and ridiculo which would follow its
completion on this location; for but little else has
been done than (o commence a foundation, and, as
will appear hereafter, this is so imperfect as to be,
in fact, worthless, so that there is no obstaclo to pre-
vent a change of the location. Lot one in all re-
spects suitable be selected. This is what tho law
contemplated, and what should exist.
Second. While the location is unsuitable, is the
proposed structure of sufficient capacity to accom-
modate at least three hundred prisoners, and has it
suitable yards, hospitals, &c.'t
1. As to the capacity of tho building; it seems to
be conceded that each prisoner should have one
thousand cubic feet of air. In thiscountry this seems
to be the standard quantity allowed each person; in
foreign countries it is generally greater. Taking this
quantity ascoircct, only two bundled a ml,sixty-eight
prisoners can bepropei ly accommodated in the build-
ing, as contiacted for; so that it is not sufficient to
accommodate the minimum number designated in
the law. It is true that the cells might allow that
number to be ciowded in them; but the law clearly
did not contemplate that this should be done. Th'c
crowding of "looms" or persons is exactly one of
the things which generates disease. Besides, this is
an age of civilization arid humanity, and to confine
any person without sufficient supply of air is little
else than execrable.
Thi.s consideration acquires increased force when
it is considered that many who are incarcerated aro
innocent, and that sometimes they are poor witnesses
against whom no offense is charged.
If men and women must be imprisoned, let them
have an ample supply of pure air. As respects yards,
hospitals, &c.: these are, perhaps, as important as
air. But no "out-door yards or hospitals" are at-
tached to the building, as at present designed. The
yaidsand hospitals (such as they are) aro "inside"
of tho building.
As respects the accommodation of prisoners as re-
gards numbers and otherwise, theproposed building,
therefore, is in utter disregard of the law.
Thiid. Is the plan suitable? We think it is, even
less so than the location and "accommodations'* of
the proposed buildings. This will appear from an
enumeration of some of tho more palpable defects.
Tho front elevation is in bad taste, and unsightly;
the internal arrangements are inconvenient and un-
safe in many respects. The kitchen, laundry, &c„
are placed on the principal floor, close to the main
ontrance. The passage from tho entrance to the
cells, on the first floor, is very inconvenient. There
is no door or passage from the inside of the jail to
the yard except the single door in front. There are
no iron or stone floors to prevent the most usual
mode of escape by tunneling out. There is no way
of watching those who are confined in lower floor
cells without greatly increased guards, as that floor
is out off from view from guard-room, &o. There is
no provision for saving the lives 9f prisoners in the
event of fire in the roof, which is a heavy wooden
structure, or fire about the kitchen, &c„ near the
front and only way of egress. The cells are placed
back to back, with no provision for even free, nat-
ural ventilation, as they are like an oven with no
opening but the narrow doors in front. There is no
provision at all for forced ventilation, which your
commiUec are convinced from the testimony is es-
sential to the comfort- and health of prisoners in so
large a prison. There is no provision for water-
closets in tho cells, or other means of meeting the
necessities of prisoners, except by night-buckets, to
stand in the cells, which, with three hundred inmates,
>our committeo are satisfied would render existence
in the cells almost intolerable. There is no proper
provision forclassifyingthose who are confined there;
no way of properly separating hardened convicts,
who are there for final punishment, from those who
aro merely detained for preliminary examinations,
and who may be innocent, or from witnesses who are
detained to serve the State. There are no sufficient
exercise-rooms or officers' rooms, and no proper sep-
aration of the hospital from either the chapel or the
officers' rooms, and no separation of the privies from
the bath-rooms.
In these particulars, and in many others, your
committee find those plans utterly un&uitable for the
purpose for which they are designed, and no witness
has ventured to appear before the committee to jus-
tify tho defects enumerated, except Mr. Faxon, the
selected and compensated architect. Surely the
original purpose of Congress, namely, to secure the
construction of a jail on the most improved modern
plan should to bo maintained,
imminently proper in its original conception, its
continuance and maintenance will be no less so.
Fourth. Was a competent architect appointed, and
were plans and specifications complete m all partic-
lars, prepared and approved by General Meigs and
Mr. Mullet and Mr. Clark, the architect of the Cap-
itol, who was designated by the Secretary to act
with them? Only a negative answer can be given to
cither branch of this inquiry.
1. As to the architect.
Kbcn Faxon was appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior. Who or what he is does not clearly appear.
He claims to be an architect; but while he is ** un-
known to fame," he has furnished no evidence of his
capacity, eithor from the mouth of architectural
witness or through any of,his papers or work laid
before the committee.
Nor does tho mode of his appointment tend to es-
tablish his reputation as an architect. Briefly it was
this; introduced to Mr. Browning by his brother,
William Faxon, Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
with a view to obtaining the appointment of archi-
tect, recommended only by George W. Whiting, de-
coased, who, like Mr. Browning, had no architectural
skill, he prepared a few rude sketches, and at once
received the appointment he desired. Since his ap-
pointment he appears to have had almost exclusive
control of the jail, and to his conduct, directly or
indircctly, may be largely traced the blunder or
wrongs of the plans and contracts. Indeed, one wit-
ness, Mr. Gibbon, testifies that Mr. Faxon made cor-
rupt proposals or suggestions to him, in connection
with the jail, and talked to him of " let ups/' &c. It
is true, Mr. Faxon denies much of what Mr. Gibbon
has testified to; but apart from tho fact that Mr.
Giboon, who is at present engaged in constructing
the agricultural college, is a man of admitted good
character, the circumstances detailed by him, as well
as other facts in the investigation, go to corroborate
his testimony.
More perhaps, need not be said as to the archi-
tect. W hilc his ability is not established his char-
acter is not irec from at leastauspieion. Both should
be beyond doubt.
2. As to the character of the plans, speeifica-
tions, &c.
Tho plans and specifications are so incomplete as
to be unsafe for both the Government and the con-
tractor; very large portions of thework are cither
not specified at all or are so indefinitely specified as
to leave its character to the discretion of the archi-
tect whose power is very broad to decide, and direct
in all matters that are omitted or in doubt. For ex-
ample, there is to be a considerable amount of cut-
stone work, but the specifications do not show how
much, or of what quality of work, leaving a wide
margin for discretion, which alone might make a
ujflcienco of several thousand dollars: the quality
ot brick to be used is not specified, leaving a margin
X one two„ hundred per cent, to his
}raV h-° <*ualiry of finishing lumber is not
specified, leaving another margin fully as wide as the
one last named; it is not stated whether the sashes
arc to be iron or of wood: whether the gutteis are
to be of tin, iron, or copper; what shall be the skea
ot the gas-pipes, or the number of the burners: mid
(hero are many other defects equally as important
Indeed, it is clearly m evidence that there is more
than fifty thousand dollars' worth of work which is
Wnl?the?w t(J-theJai1 tha,1 is  ot specified at all,
reserved to hunseif he can make
a\a t difference in the eost of thewoik between •>
favorite contractor and another, probably fiillv filtv
«o?vT?r„°pn0 hundr6< fifty per cent!difference.
Isoth tho 'to-, eminent and the con tractor are entirely
at ins merey not fit to let a contract on. We think
