2560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25;
hope, sir, that no step will be taken to prevent
these investigations being made.
Mr. THAYER. I understand that this res-
olution does not make any appropriation.
1 Mr. CONNESS. There is no appropriation
made by this resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not directory to
the Secretary of the Treasury ; but it only au-
thorizes him to have this work done, as I under-
stand. Let the first part of the resolution be
Mr. CONNESS. If it did not direct him I
should hope it would be amended ; for other-
wise I should have no hope that that officer
would do anything.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution reads :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to cause investiga-
tions to be made, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ Mr. President, I dislike
to be put in the position of opposing this mat-
ter; but still I think the Senate ought to con-
sider, before passing resolutions of this kind,
■what is the history of these surveys and what
is the mode adopted to obtain appropriations
for improvements of this kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call attention to the unfinished busi-
ness of the last sitting, which is the resolution
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
proposing the appointment of a select com-
mittee.
Mr. COLE. I move the postponement of
the unfinished business until this resolution can
be disposed of. I think it will take only a few
minutes longer.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will consent to his resolution going
over for the moment until this matter is dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business will be passed over by common
consent, if there be no objection. No objec-
tion being made, Senate joint resolution No.
46 is before the Senate, and the Senator from
Illinois will proceed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall detain the Sen-
ate but a moment. I simply rose to call atten-
tion to the mode of proceeding which is used
to obtain appropriations out of the Treasury
of the United States to improve all sorts of
harbors and all sorts of rivers. There are a
few harbors and rivers in the country that,
perhaps, the Federal Government is justified
in improving; but they ought to be of a national
character and of very great importance. I do
not myself believe in the appropriation of
money by the Federal Government to improve
every stream in every State in the nation that
the locality may ask for. The usuitl- mode of
proceeding is this: in the first place absolu-
tion is introduced authorizing the survey of a,
harbor or creek with a view to its improve^
ment. That seems to be a small matter ; no
one objects to it. Oftentimes this survey is to
be paid for out of appropriations which have
already been made. The money, however,
comes out of the Treasury. Then an officer, per-
haps some lieutenant of engineers, is detailed,
in pursuance of this resolution, to go and ex-
amine the harbor or river with a view to its
improvement. The Government does not pass
upon the propriety of its improvement; but
this officer goes out charged with ascertaining
how that harbor can be improved. He makes
his examination and reports it to the War De-
partment. Then the War Department is called
on for the report of this engineer in regard to
such a harbor, and it is sent in, in which he
asks so much money to improve the particular
harbor. It comes in from the War Depart-
ment. That is regarded as an indorsement by
the War Department, and then it is put into
an appropriation bill so much money, so many
hundred thousand or million dollars to improve
such a harbor. The question is asked, "Is
this recommended by the War Department?"
"Oh, )es; it is communicated by the Secre-
tary of War," and some lieutenant of engi-
neers has made the examination, reported that
this can be done, and the money is appropri-
ated. Now, I do not say that these harbors
are of that character ; I do not know 
Mr. CONNESS. Do not say they are
*' creelcs.''
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I do not say that
they are creeks or small rivers; but if the Sen-
ator from California will look over some of the
appropriation bills for the improvement of
rivers and harbors, unless his knowledge of
geography is very much better than mine, he
will find appropriations made for the improve-
ment of rivers that he never heard of. There
are some not a thousand miles from where I
live that would not reach to California, that I
never heard of until I saw the bill making ap-
propriations for their improvement. I think
Congress should be careful in the initiation of
these measures, because if you once initiate
them it is very difficult to stop afterward; and
I think that all bills of this character, propos-
ing to survey a particular harbor with a view
to its improvement, should first be examined
by some committee.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, if the Senator
from Illinois had designated some other way
of getting information touching these matters,
he would have relieved the Senate, I have
no doubt, considerably. I know of no other
way to get at the facts than through the regu-
lar constituted officers of the Government.
This resolution provides that officers of the
United States Coast Survey in California shall
make this examination. These officers, I pre-
sume, are now engaged there, and the exam-
ination can be made withoutadditional expense,
as was stated by my colleague, as I believe.
The question as to whether Congress will here-
after make large or small appiopriations for
improving these harbors is a question that will
come up when* the appropriations are asked
for; it is not a question before the Senate
now. Congress is not bound by this examina-
tion in any sense. It is simply a method of
getting at information which has been asked
for by the concurrent resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of California touching these
several localities. I ask that the vote be taken
upoti it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I un-
derstood this to be a mere direction to the
Coast Survey, and I do not anticipate the diffi-
culties from it that my friend from Illinois
seems to anticipate. Sly objection to it was
that it directed specifically that this thing
should be done, as I found when it was read.
1 was disposed to let it go in the first place,
and I do not feel disposed to.make any par-
ticular opposition to it now ; but it has not
been usual to pass resolutions of Congress
directing the partof the country the Coast Sur-
vey should pay tlieir attention to. They are
going on regularly making surveys. They are
on the Pacific coast I take it now.
Mr. CONNESS. This does not relate to the
Coast Survey 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes. I know that the
Coast Survey have surveyed harbors up and
down the Atlantic coast.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will per-
mit me, 1 will say that this does not direct the
officers of the Coast Survey to continue the
coast survey, but to make certain specific ex-
aminations with reference to particular places
and with reference to their usefulness for the
purpose of harbors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This will come, I take
it, within the survey of the Pacific coast, will
it not?
Mr. CONNESS. It is more specific than
the general coast survey and with regard to
particular usefulness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be; but can
it be that I do not understand where these har-
bors are? Are they not on the Pacific coast?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir, on the coast of Cali-
fornia; all of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they are there, the
Coast Survey in the progress of their inquiries
will survey these harbors.
Mr. COLE. But they are harbors that have
not been brought particularly to the attention
of the Goast Survey, which has been general
in reference to the navigation up and down
the coast. It is for the convenience of the
local commerce that these examinations are
asked; the commerce of the particular local-
ities which are localities that are now pro*
ducing grains, &c., to a great extent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Either the honorable
Senators or I are mistaken in the scope of the
design of the Coast Survey. The design of
that establishment is to survey the whole coast
of the United States accurately, closely, sj>e-
cifically, and to leave no part of it unsurveyed
either on the Atlantic or the Pacifici It is
only a question of time, because it takes time,
whether particular harbors are surveyed this
year or the next, or the year after. That is
the real truth about the mattert They have
completed the survey of the Atlantic coast,
and I suppose in the process of time they will
complete the survey of the Pacific coast, and
these very harbors will be surveyed.
All the objection I have to the resolution is
that the Legislature of California or ourselves,
at their request, should undertake specifically
to point out what the Coast Survey should do
first. They are going upon a system, and it
may be a very inconvenient thing for them,
and may interfere with their regular system of
surveys, to knock off and examine particular
places at this time. I do not know how the
fact is; but that is my objection to the propo-
sition. I think the Secretary of the Treasury
ought not to be required to do it; but it would
be as well to authorize hipi, calling the matter
to his attention. Then he can call the atten-
tion of the Coast Survey to it, and they will do
what they can do, undoubtedly, as rapidly as
possible.
Mr. CONNESS. The coast of California is
sufficiently extensive to occupy the force of
the Coast Survey, now located there and en-
gaged in surveys, for the next fifty years to
come. In the meantime, commerce and trade
have their immediate demands and necessities ;
and what we ask in this resolution is that these
demands pointed by these immediate necessi-
ties shall be first attended to. The Senator
from Maine says that the Secretary of the
Treasury should not be directed to do this.
Well, sir, it is not a very fast Department, par-
ticularly in reference to California affairs. In
1804, now four years ago, Congress appropri-
ated $300,000 to build a mint at San Francisco,
where the largest extent of coinage in the Uni-
ted States is being done, and where it is all
being done by gaslight, for want of daylight
being able to shine through the miserable cav-
ern in which the work is done. And yet, sir,
the first stone has not been laid over another.
It took a long time for the honorable gentle-
man at the head of the Treasury Department
now to determine that we wanted a building at
all. Indeed, his declaration on one occasion
was that all we wanted there was a big black-
smith shop for a mint, and it has been pro-
crastinated and procrastinated until we do not
know when we shall get a mint. And 3 et there
is objection to directing that officer to do things
that the admiral on the coast has recommended
as essential for our national uses and that
involves no expense.
But the honorable Senator from Illinois is
opposed to collecting facts or getting informa-
tion, and he reduces, in his presentation of
this subject to the Senate, its importance; he
dwarfs it by comparing it to the surveys of
creeks and other small streams, the snrvev of
which has been heretofore directed .and say/that
some of these are located near his own home.
^\eli, sir, he should have attended to that.
Ihe honorable Senator—I wish he would note
what I say—-has not been always up to the
period in which he lives. When we proposed
to aid the establishment of a great line of
steamships between San Francisco and Japan
^biria, the result of the establishment of
which now is challenging not only the admira-
tion of our own people but that of the entire
world, that Senator rose in his place here and
