168
THE COtfGiiESSIdtfAL &L0&S.
December 12,
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 12, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
report on the condition of public buildings
in the Territory of New Mexico ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
ltEPORT OF THE COMPTROLLER OP CURRENCY.
The SPEAKER, also by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Comp-
troller of the Currency, asking the printing
of additional copies of his report; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
DEPRESSION OF SHIPPING INTERESTS.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Unsolved, That the Committee on Commerce he
directed to inquire in-to the causes which have pro-
duced the present depression of tho shipping inter-
ests of the United States, aud whether our maritime
interests do notrequirca remission of internal duties
on the materials entering into the building of vessels,
or some legislation to facilitate the transfer of foreign
vessels to American owners, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would ask the gentle-
man to include in his resolution an inquiry
whether a resumption of specie payment would
not be valuable to the interests of commerce.
. Mr. ELIOT. No, sir.
The resolution was adopted.
ZEPIIANIAU KNAPP.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimoas consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Zephaniah
Kuapp, of Pittston, Luzerne county, Pennsyl-
vania ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
AUDITOR OF DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
, Mr. BEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of creating
an officer, to bo denominated the auditor of the de-
partment of agriculture, whoso duty it shnll be to
pass upon ail accounts' of and claims against said
Department, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
PUBLICATION OF POSTAL CONVENTIONS.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported a joint resolution in regard to the
publication of postal conventions made with
foreign Governments; which was read a first
and second time. The joint resolution author-
izes and directs the Secretary of State to cause
the several postal conventions made with for-
eign Governments, under the provisions of
the act of March 3, 1851, or which may here-
after be made, to be published in the same
mantier and upon the same terms as is pre-
scribed for the publication of the treaties and
. laws of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to inqnire
of the chairman of the Committee on Printing
[Mr- Laflin] whether it is contemplated by
this joint resolution that these postal conven-
tions shall be printed in the " Statutes-at-
Large," now published by Little & Brown?
Mr. LAFLIN. The intention of this reso-
lution is to .provide an omission in the act of
March 9, 18(57. That act simply provided for
the publication of the treaties and laws of the
United States. By a decision of the proper
authorities these portal conventions do not come
under the head of treaties. It is deemed de-
sirable by the Post Office Department that a
special enactment should be made by Congress
authorizing the publication of these postal con-
ventions. It is proposed to have them pub-
lished in the same way and by the same author-
ity that our treaties and laws are to be published.
No power is given to any one that he does not
now possess in relation to the publication of
; treaties and laws. I do not see how any one
can object to it.
1 Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow me
i to make a statement?
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say that the Post
. Office Department has entered into an agree-
ment or sort of treaty with the North German
Union, Swiss Confederation, and colonial gov-
ernment of Hong Kong, to carry letters at a
freight charge of five cents instead of fifteen
cents as formerly. There is no authority to
. publish these postal conventions, because they
are neither treaties nor laws. They cannot
therefore be published by the Stiite Depart-
ment. No additional appropriation is neces-
sary. All that is required is authority to make
the formal publication. I trust the resolution
will pass.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, end pass'&d.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
i laid on the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BUCKLAND asked and obtained in-
definite leave of absence for his colleague, Mr.
Hamilton, on account of sickness.
ORLAF E. DREUTZER.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 80,
for the relief of Orlaf E. Druetzer, late consul
of the United States to the kingdom of Norway.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Orlaf E.
Dreutzer, late consul at Bergen, the sum of
$837 47 in coib, for consular salary from No-
vember 4, 1865, to May 24, 186(5, less the
amount of consular fees received by him dur-
ing that time.
Mr. MYERS. I ask that the report accom-
panying the bill be read.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this bill proposes to
make an appropriation, I reserve the right to
make the point of order on it that it must first
be considered in Committee of the Whole.
The report was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this is an appropriation bill, and must first
be considered in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and placed on the
Private Calendar.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF 1812, ETC.
Mr. PERHAM. I have here several bills,
memorials, &c., which by mistake have been
| referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
when they should have been referred to the
j Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and of
■ the War of 1812. I am instructed by the com-
! aiittee to ask that they be discharged from their
| further consideration, and that they be referred
: to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,
&C. They are as follows:
House bill No. 197, to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Ed-
ward Kindred, of Peoria, Illinois, on the pen-
sion-rolls;
The petition of M. P. Shoek, praying for a
! pension to John Butler;
| The petition of James Welsh, for anincrease
- of pension ;
' House bill No. 216, allowing pensions to
j soldiers and the widows of soldiers of the war
I Of 1812;
The petition of citizens of Lehigh county,
Pennsylvania, for a general pension law for
the benefit of the surviving soldiers and widows
of soldiers of the war of 1812 ;
The petition forthe relief of JohnSeward of
the war of 1812;
The petition of Daniel Hausers and others,
soldiers and widows of soldiers of the war of
1812, for pensions;
The petition of James Preston, of the city
of Philadelphia, a soldier of the war of 1812,
asking for a pension;
The petition of William Connelly, ninety
years old, asking remuneration for services
rendered in the war of 1812 ;
1 The petition of John Grubb, of Loudoun
county, Virginia, a soldier of the war of 1812,
graying the passage of a pension law for the
benefit of soldiers of the war of 1812; and
Resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of New York relative to pensions for soldiers
of the war of 1812.
The recommendation .of the committee was
concurred in; and the various papers were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and of the War of 1812.
The call of committees was concluded, no
further reports being presented.
, , EDUCATION AND LABOR.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That so much of tho annual message of
the President of tho United States to the two Houses
of Congress at the present session, together with the
accompanying documents, as relates to the subject
of education and labor, be referred to the Committee
on idueatian and Labor.
MARINE HOSPITAL IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Commerce be,
and are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of locating at Cairo, or some other suitable
place in the State of Illinois, tho marino hospital
formerly located at Paclucah, Kentucky, and de-
stroyed during the late rebellion.
SALE OF PUBLIC VESSELS.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimoas consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be, and is hereby,
requested, if not inconsistent with the public inter-
est, to inform the House of Representatives what
public vessels have been sold sinco the close of the
war, stating the times when sold, the names of the
vessels, the amount received therefor, the classes to
which they belonged, whether they were sold at
public or private sale, the amount expended upon
said vessels separately since the close of tho war,
and by what authority such sales have been made.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which .the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIGHTS OF NATURALIZED CITIZENS.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, presented
resolutions adopted by a mass meeting of citi-
zens of St. Louis, Missouri, in relation to the
r ight of naturalized citizens to national protec-
tion ; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
CANAL AROUND FALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. KERR. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Heads and Canals
be instructed to inquire into the expediency and
propriety, in view of the interest of commerce on the
Ohio .and other.western rivers, of making an appro-
priation to aid in.the construction of a canal around
the falls of the Ohio river, on the Indianaside thereof,
which shall possess sufficient capacity for the safe,
convenient, and expeditious passage of vessels of the
largest tonnag'o used on said river, and to report to
this House the facts and considerations which shall
control their conclusions in the premises, and also to
report by bill orotherwise their recommendations on
the subject.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I object.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornby,
ite Secretary, announced that the Senate bad
