1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2561
denounced it as an extravagant appropriation
of public funds. And now he puts his stakes
down against the examination of a harbor on
that coast. Sir, I hope the Senate will order
this to be done.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, it seems
to me that this resolution only requires the
Secretary of the Treasury " to cause an exam-
ination to be made as soon as practicable." It
does not say this year or next, but ''as soon
as practicable," arid in the course of their
investigations and surveys the Coast Survey
will examine these harbors at the most con-
venient time. It seems to me a reference to
the language of the resolution obviates the
objection of the Senator from Maine, for it
does not require that the action shall be done
immediately, but that it shall be done as soon
as practicable. It seems to me that that is
very clear. I am in favor of the resolution.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. COLE. I move to change the title of
the resolution to conform to the amendment
made, so as to read, "a joint resolution in
relation to certain harbors on the coast of
California."
The amendment was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
JVIr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that all
prior orders be postponed, and that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the Army
appropriation bill, being House bill No. 068.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the unfinished
business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is the resolution of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] to provide for
the appointment of a select committee.
The question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 6'58)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1869, and
for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The bill was
once passed by the Senate, and afterward re-
considered. There arc only a few amend-
ments.
The amendments of the Committee on Ap-
propriations were read. The first amendment
was after the word "source," in line twenty-
three, to insert " except appropriations made
by act of March 2, 1807," and after the word
'■Treasury," in line twenty-five, to insert "at
the close of the current fiscal year;" so as to
make the clause read :
For medical and hospital department, 5200,000:
Provided. That all snmh that inu e accxuyd to the
credit of the medical and hospital department from
the sale ot medical and hospital stores, or troni any
other somce, except appiopriadons made by act of
iSInich 2.18G7. are hereby coveied into the Treasury
at the close of the current fiscal year.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 do not understand that
amendment, and I should like to have the
chairman explain it. Does it apply to the
naVal appropriation bill also ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. AN PHONY. Only to this appropria-
tion bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Only to this
bill. It is not general.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest to the hon-
orable chairman of the committee a little change
in the phraseology of the amendment, so as to
read " hereby directed to be covered into the
Treasury." I do not know that it is exactly
proper to say that money shall be covered into
the Treasury under this act, and by force of
this act. It has to be done by a warrant of
the Secretary of the Treasury, 1 believe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly know
what the phrase ought to be, but I am told
this is the usual language.
Mr. DRAKE. My suggestion is to insert
the phrase " hereby directed to be;" so as to
read "are hereby directed to lie covered into
the Treasury."
40rri Ojxg. 2d Sess.—No. 101.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My understand-
ing of it is—those who are better informed will
know if I am not correct—that by operation
of the law, not by the act of the Secretary of
the Treasury, these sums will be regarded as
in the Treasury if this provision be passed.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state to the Senator
from Maine that I have been informed—his
colieague can tell whether I am correct—that
money is covered into the Treasury by a war-
rant issued by the Secretary of the Treasury
upon the Treasurer of the United States for
that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the fact. The
fifth section, I think, of the original act estab-
lishing the Treasury Department specifically
requires a warrant to be drawn in order to put
money into the Treasury. It has to go through
certain forms.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I accept the
suggestion of the Senator from Missouri, so
as to make the amendment read, "hereby
directed to be covered into the Treasury."
Mr. DRAKE. I move that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to ; and the amendment, as amended,
was agreed to.
Tlie next amendment was to strike out lines
thirty-two and thirty-three, in the following
words:
For expenses of the signal service of the Army.
$5,000. *
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all
of the second section after the enacting clause,
as follows:
That the sums appropriated for each of the sev-
eral items contained in this act shall be made up
only by computing the unexpended balance for such
item which may remain in the Treasury on the 30th
day of June, 1sg8, and adding thereto so much moie
from the Treasury as will give the sum for each of
such items appropriated by this act: Provided, how-
ever, That this shall notbe construed to prevent the
payment from the proper appropriation ot expendi-
tures made during the current fiscal year after said
year shall have closed.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That from the sums appropriated-for each of the
several items contai ned in this act, there be deducted
the unexpended balance for such item which may
remain in the Treasury on the 30th of June, 1868.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was' to insert as an
additional section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That of the ap-
propriation of $60,000 for publishing the medical and
surgical history of the rebellion and the medical sta-
tistics of the Provost Marshal General's office, made
in an act approved July 28, 1R6i5. $30,000 shall be de-
voted to the preparation and publication of five
thousand copies of the medical statistics of the Pro-
vost Marshal General's Bureau, and that the work
shall be compiled and completed by Assistant Medi-
cal Purveyor J. II. Baxter, under the immediate
direction of the Secretary of War, and without the
interference of any other ofheer.
Mr. ANTHONY. Th ere was a proposition
made to change that appropriation and to make
it applicable to the.preparation of the whole
work. I believe, as the resolution was passed
by Congress originally, this money was made
applicable to the publication of the work; at
any rate it was so construed by the Congres-
sional Printer; and I have been trying for
months to get a resolution passed through Con-
gress to make the appropriation applicable to
the preparation of the work, so that the ordi-
nary appropriation for printing may be appli-
cable to the publication of it. If those who
have charge of this matter—I have not—have
taken it into consideration. I do not wish to
interpose any objection.
Mr. CONIvLlNGr. If the Senator from
Rhode Island will allow me, I desire to suggest
to him that this proposition has no effect one
way or the other upon the idea which he now
submits.' This does not touch at all the ques-
tion whether money shall be appropriated to
the preparation and not to the printing of the
work, or whether it shall be applicable alike to
the preparation and the printing. That ques-
tion is left entirely untouched and open for the
resolution of the Senator or any other treat-
ment which the Senate may see fit to bestow t
upon it. This is simply a proposition that the h
appropriation shall be divided. It is directory
in its nature and divides the appropriation
precisely as I have the evidence in my hand to
show both Houses intended that it should be
divided originally as between the two works, ~
namely, the statistics of the Provost Marshal
General's Bureau, and the medical and surgical
history of the war being separate things, and
the purpose being to devote half of the appro-
priation to one and the other half to thfe other;
but the language of the bill left it, as it was
supposed, obscure, and this is simply to draw
the dividing line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
representation OF arkansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill for
the admission of the State of Arkansas be
taken up.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not here on Thurs-
day, but the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessen-
den] now informs me that the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bcckalew] desired that
this bill should not come up in his absence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The matter was men-
tioned this morning, and the Senator from
Indiana stated that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania requested him, if this bill came up, to
have it postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought it was the'bill
in reference to Mr. Butler.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This one, also. _ I will
ask the Senator from Indiana if he did not
understand that the Senator from Pennsylvania
desired to be present when the Arkansas bill
should be taken up?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania spoke to me on the evening of our last
adjournment, which I think was on Thursday,
and said he wanted to finish his speech on the
admission of Arkansas, as I understood him.
From what was said to me this morning, how-
ever, I suppose that I was mistaken, and that
he had reference to the Tennessee matter; but
I understood him to refer at the time to the
Arkansas bill, and to say that he wanted to be
present when that matter should be discussed,
as he wanted to finish or to make a speech.
Mr. DRAKE. Before the bill is laid aside
for the present, I desire to offer the amend-
ment which I submitted on the 16th instant,
and which was then ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDE NT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read, if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not press a vote
on this bill in the absence of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, but perhaps other Sena;
tors would like to speak on the bill, and, if
there is no other business pressing, I think we
may as well go on with the debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has not yet been taken up.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose my amendment
cannot be offered regularly until the bill is up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be taken
up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be taken up. if there be no objection.
Mr. COXKLING. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Missouri whether it is in
accordance with his convenience to go on to-
day and discuss his amendment?
Mr. DRAKE. It would be in accordance
with my convenience. Mr. President; but I
think that this is a bill which should be dis-
cussed when the Senate is as fall as we can
expect to get it. There are questions of great
gravity involved in ii, and I very much desire
that there should be a free and fall expression
of the opinions of Senators in regard to it,
especially in regard to the principles which I
conceive to be involved 111 the amendment
which I have sent to the Clerk's table just
now. I would, therefore, myself prefer that
