THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6B&
remove difficulties which should perpetually be
raised by cavilers as to the extent of the field
of legislation conceded to Congress.
The authority of Congress, then, to prescribe
in what manner this power vested in the Pres-
ident and Senate shall be exercised, its author-
ity to direct how it shall be used in order to
subserve the public interests, to prevent injus-
tice and abuses, is indisputable.
The act of 1867 forbids removals from office
at all, except upon evidence of unfitness, sat-
isfactory both to the Presidentand the Senate,
and requires him to lay the evidence before the
Senate for their action thereon. If unsatisfac-
tory to them, the officer is not to be removed,
but restored to his place ; if satisfactory, he
is removed and his place is to be filled by
another.
This is surely a most reasonable, kindly, and
salutary mode of exercising the power.
The act, then, is fully warranted by the Con-
stitution, and as valid and obligatory as any
other act of Congress.
The next question is whether Secretary Stan-
ton came within its provisions?
It is literally true that the first clause of the
first section of the act prohibits the removal of
every officer, high or low, who had been or
should be appointed by and with the consent
of the Senate. The clause declares that every
such officer shall hold his office until his suc-
cessor shall be appointed by and with their
advice and consent. He shall be entitled to
hold the office until that time.
The first section directs that all civil officers
then in existence shall be entitled to hold their
offices thus:
"Except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General, shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term
of the President by whom they may have been
appointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
The first clause by its terms applies to all
civil officers, judicial as well as executive.
But the Constitution itself takes out of the cate-
gory the judges of the United States courts by
declaring that they "shall hold their offices
during good behavior;" so that it could not
affect their tenure.
But the clause was discussed and passed in
presence of the fact that there was a multitude
of offices in the tenure of which there was a
limitation of time to a certain number of years.
The general language of the clause would have
had the effect to extend these fixed and limited
terms beyond the legal period. Foreseeing
this, Congress guarded against it by declaring
that all such officers should hold except as
otherwise provided in the act. _ The exception
guarding against this extension is found in
section four, which declares that—
" Nothing in this act contained shall be construed
to extend the term of any office, the duration of
which is limited by law."
Such is one of the exceptions out of the
general language of the first clause.
But there were other offices whose duration
was not limited by law. Among these were the
offices of those same members of the Cabinet.
The then members had all been appointed by
Mr. Lincoln during his first term, and no limit
existed upon their tenure. Mr. Johnson found
them in legal possession of their offices when
he became President. They had a right to
continue to hold indefinitely, unless removed.
Mr. Lincoln's first term had passed, and he
and those Cabinet officers were holding their
offices in his second term.
The tenure-ot'-office act was passed while all
these facts were immediately before Congress.
They-knew that Mr. Stanton, like his colleague,
held by virtue of that appointment, and that
lie had a legal right so to continue to hold.
And they declare that he " shall hold his office
for and during the term of the President^ by
whom he may hcteebeen (not shallbe) appoint-
ed." Nothing can be plainer than that the
expression ''the President by whom he (they)
may have been appointed," is a mere descrip-
tio personce, or mode of pointing out the per-
son from whom the appointment proceeded.
The proviso does not say that the Cabinet
officers shall have been appointed during any
particular term of the President making the
appointment, but only that they shall hold
their offices during his term. It does not re-
quire that the appointment shall be or shall
have been made during the first, second, or any
subsequent term for which the President is
elected; and he may, by the Constitution, be
elected an indefinite number of times. They
are to hold during Ms term, if he has appointed
them, and for one month thereafter, no matter
whether he continues to hold his term or not.
It is sufficient that it is his term, that is, the
term "for which he was elected," in which a
Secretary appointed by him is found holding
the office.
No one can deny that the expression "may
have been appointed," applies as well to past
time as to future time. Such is the genius of
our language. It covers, grammatically, both
the past and the future, as we all know from
constant, daily, hourly use ; and it here applies
with equal and unerring certainty to appoint-
ments that had been made and were unexpired
at the time it was used, and to those to be
afterward made.
Uttered 'on the 2d of March, 1867, the lan-
guage covered, unmistakably, in my judgment,
the case of Mr. Stanton and his colleagues.
Their appointments were within its terms and
within the purposes of the act. I do not con-
sider there was left any room for reasonable
doubt or debate. The office and aim of the
proviso were to change the indefinite period
to a definite period in the tenure of those
offices from a tenure at the will of the Presi-
dent, as had been formerly understood and
practiced, to a tenure that was absolutely to
terminate one month after theend of the Presi-
dent's term by whom the appointment was or
should be made.
This was another exception out of the gen-
eral language of the first clause, and to remove
all suspicion that the general language of the
first clause "is and shall be entitled to hold
such office until a successor shall have been in
like manner appointed and duly qualified,"
might leave it still to the President alone to
remove them, the proviso adds that they should
be "subject to removal by and with the con-
sent of the Senate," thus expressly requiring
the consent of the Senate if removed before
that time.
As to all other civil officers included in sec-
tion one, they cannot be removed but upon
sufficient cause, to be reported to the Senate
as required by section two, and after a formal
suspension. And here was another exception
to the term of the tenure asserted in the gen-
eral language of the first clause.
The ground now taken by the counsel for the
accused is that this language, covering, as I
have shown and as is perfectly manifest, both
the existing and all future heads of Depart-
ments, applies only to future heads, leaving
the existing heads wholly unaffected by it, and
thatsuch wa^ theintentionofCongress, deduci-
ble from the act.
This construction not only denies to the
words "the President by whom they may have
been appointed" their natural, plain, etymo-
logical meaning and application, but is, as to
those Secretaries, in direct contradiction of
the first clause, which, by its general language,
authorizes them to hold until their successors
| are appointed with the consent of the Senate,
1 which was exactly their former right. It wrests
from the operation of the act without any
apparent motive,' and against the perfectly
notorious wishes of both Houses of Congress,
the existing heads, and applies the act to those
whom Mr. Johnson and his successors may
I appoint, and is thus totally inconsistent with
| the meaning and effect of the words "may
have been appointed." No rule of construc;
tion is better settled than that words shall have
their natural and popular meaning, unless the
statute itself shall imply a different meaning,
and here the statute contains no such intima-
tion. The construction is plainly at variance
With the very language.
Noone will denylhat the necessity of includ-
ing those heads of Departments was as great
at least as that of including future S'ecretarles,
unknown to Congress. Why_ should they" be
left to be turned out at the will of Mr. Johu-
son without consulting the Senate, while their
successors for .all time, and all ot"her civil
officers, high and low, were protected? Why
was a special exemption enacted for his benefit
in reference to Mr. Lincoln's appointees whom
he had continued in his Cabinet for two years,
and one, at least, of whom, Mr. Stanton, he
was, he says, aiming to turn out? No one can
answer this question! But if, as is contended
by the President's counsel, this exception
applies only to future Cabinets, and does not
apply at all to the then Cabinet, then it fol-
lows, logically and irresistibly, that they fall
within the first clause, which expressly declares
that—
" Every person holding any civil office to which he
has been appointed by and with the adviee and con-
sent of the Senate, and every person who shall here
after be appointed to any such office and shall be-
come duly qualified to act therein, is and shall he
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified."
Can this proposition be made clearer by
argument? If the case of those Cabinet offi-
cers is not included in the special clause or
exception, it must be embraced in this. There
is no escape, -unless it can be made out that
the words "every person holding any civil
office" do not mean what they say.
But this construction is a mere afterthought
with Mr. Johnson. It was too clearly unten-
able for Mr. Johnson to act upon it in the course
of administration. His own common sense
rejected it, and it makes itsappearance only as
the refuge of his despair at a late period.
When he suspended Mr. Stanton he had no idea
of this novel construction. He then treated Mr.
Stanton's case as within the act. In his mes-
sage of December 12 last, he openly and frankly
tells us that he had suspended Mr. Stanton—a
term hitherto unknown to our laws, and a pro-
ceeding equally unknown in our history. Sus-
pension was a new power created solely by this
statute. He says:
" On the 12th of August last Isuspended Mr. Stanton
from the exercise of the office of Secretary of War."
The statute says:
*' The President may eusjiendsaoh officer and desig-
nate some suitable person," Are.
The President, still using the language of the
statute, says:
"On the same day X dc&ignated General Grant as
Secretary of War ad interna."
But this is not all. The statute provides that
the President may revoke such suspension; and
he tells us the suspension has not been revoked.
The statute required him to report the fact to
the Senate within a given time. He did so.
All this shows conclusively that at that time
he regarded Mr. Stanton as coming within the
act—a sound conclusion, but directly at vari-
ance with the construction he now sets up.
Thus it appears that the exceptions to the
general language " is and shall be entitled to
hold such office until a successor is in like man-
ner appointed," relate to the duration of the
offices of the various classes of incumbents and
to the peculiar modes of removal ; one mode
being the immediate action of the President
and Senate in ease of the heads of Depart-
ments; the "Cither the preliminary suspension
of all other officers by the President. The
statute, it is true, nowhere asserts, in .terms,
the joint power of the Senate in removals, but
it is easy to see that the theory upon which it
goes is, that this power is lodged by the Con-
stitution in the President and Senate jointly—
the true doctrine. It was plainly assumed as
a postulate by the committee who drafted the
bill. They regarded it as settled doctrine
needing no special recognition, though it is
clearly recognized in the second section, re-
quiring the President to report the causes of
a suspension, and the action of the Senate
