1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
passed without amendment the bill (H. R. j
No. lo'i) entitled " An act granting a certain j|
rieht of way to the Hudson River West Shore
Railroad Company."
order of business. 1
Mr. WASH BURN E, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER, as the regular order of
business, proceeded to call the States, begin-
ning with Massachusetts, for the introduction
of resolutions.
public documents tor members. 1
Mr. CHURCHILL submitted the following
resolution:
Ersvlred, That the Clerk of the House be author- |
iiH and directed to procure and deliver to Hon. Wit- !
liarn e. Finck, Sidney t. Holmes, and Gkorge W.
Julian, members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, such
volumes of the documents to which they are entitled
under the eighteenth rule of the House as havobeen
lost or stolen from the mails in the course of trans-
mission.
Mr. WASHBTTRNE, of Illinois. Inconse-
quence of the noise around me I did not hear
the whole of this resolution. I ask that it be
reported again as it may affect me.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. WASHBUIIXE, of Illinois. I hope
that it will be amended so as to apply to all the
members; and when that is done I shall move
that the resolution be laid on the table.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make an explanation.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. CHURCHILL. The rule of the House
permits the Clerk to deliver to each member
of Congress bound volumes of documents
printed during the session. Those intended
for the gentlemen named in the resolution
were lost or stolen from the mails last summer,
and were never received by them. They desire ;
to make their sets complete, but the Clerk 1
cannot Bend them these volumes without the 1
order of the House, which is the design of this j
resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
amend his resolution so as to include any
other member whose books may have been
lost.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On filing
an affidavit of such loss.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I accept the modifies- -
tions suggested. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. '
The House divided; and there were—ayes
24, noes 55; no quorum voting. j
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap- 1
pointed Mr. Churchill and Mr. Rosa. |
The House again divided; and the "tellers I
reported—ayes 42, noes 59.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
TAX ON FAMILY CRESTS.
Mr. CHANLER submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, ana j
agreed to: .
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means i
be requested to levy a tax on family crests and coats
of arras worn as ornaments upon vehicles or house-
hold furniture actually in use, and report by bill or ;
otherwise.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. BROOKS. I submit the following
resolution:
lieeolved. That the Secretary of War be requested
tofurmsh the House with copies of all general orders
which have been promulgated by the several com-
manders of the five military districts, orpentarchies,
at the South, and of all special orders, or parts thereof,
issued either by said commanders or by any of their
subordinate officers for the execution of the recon-
struetion laws, or in anywise relating thereto.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information it requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. WARD. I object.
The SPEAKER. It then lies over under
the rules.
DEMOCRATIC VICTORIES.
Mr. GETZ. I submit the following pream-
ble and resolution:
Whereas it is reported that the eities of Boston, in
Massachusetts, and Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania, have
elected Democratic mayors; and whereas such elec-
tions are indicative of a spirit of disloyalty in the
eituens of said cities, which demands prompt sup-
pression: Therefore,
Re it retolved, That the select Committee on Re-
construction be instructed to inquire whether the
States in which the said elections were held havo
republican forms of government, or do not need
reconstruction.
Mr. BALDWIN rising to debate the resolu-
tion it went over, under the rules.
ALBANY PUBLIC BUILDING.
Mr. PRUYN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
! Retolved, That It be referred to tho Committee on
Appropriations to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the purchase of a suit-
able site and the erection of a proper building
thereon, at Albany, in the State of New York, for
the accommodation of the United States courts, the
post office, and custom-house at that place.
DEPARTMENT SOLICITORS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law that solicitors in the Departments of the
Government, and other law officers, shall all consti-
tute a part of the Attorney General's department.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Rules be directed
to inquire into tire expediency of adopting a rule
that members having received consent of the House
i to make personal explanation shall confine their
! remarks strictly to personal matters.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bounty.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, submitted the follow-
ing preamble and resolution, and demanded the
previous question on its adoption:
Whereas much well-founded complaint exists
among soldiers on account of not receiving the bounty
provided by the act of July 28,1866; and whereas the
last session of the present Congress appointed a com-
mittee on soldiers and sailors bounties, to inquire
into the cause'of delay, which committee up to this
time has made no report: Therefore,
Resolved, That said committee be, and they are
hereby, directed and required at the earliest possible
day to report to this House the result of their investi-
gations.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask con-
sent to make an explanation.
Mr. WARD. I object.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
agreed to.
SERVICE OF VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a joint
resolution in relation to retaining certain vol-
unteer officers in the service; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORGANIC ACT OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill to amend the organic act of the Territory
of New Mexico; which was Tead a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, also introduced a bill
to facilitate the restoration of the late rebel
Stat« ji}&dforother purpo ea} whichwmread
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
navy-yard at erie, pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOFIELD submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, ana
agreed to:
Retolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of locating a
navy-yard and naval depot at the city of Erie, Penn-
sylvania.
treaties witii foreign nations.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
resolution :
Retolved, That it being declared by the second sec-
tion of the second article of the Constitution that
the President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to mako treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present concur,
the House of Representatives do not claim any agency
in makinR treaties, but that when a treaty stipulates
regulations on any of the subjects submitted by the
Constitution to the power of Congress it must depend
for its execution as to such stipulations ou a law or
laws to bo passed by Congress according to its sound
discretion.
Mr. SPALDING. It will be noticed that
this resolution is in the language of the resolu-
tion of 1796 adopted by Congress when they
considered Jay's treaty. I move that the
• resolution be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union so that we
may have something upon which to discuss this
question in the committee, and I wish it under-
stood that I do not commit myself against any
appropriation required by any treaty at all.
Mr. Spalding's motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT OFFICES IN NEW YORK CITY."
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution; which were read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Whereas it appears from the report submitted by
the Secretary of War in reply to a resolution of this
House, that the several subordinate establishments
in and about the city of New Yorkfor the accommo-
dation of the quartermaster, commissary, clothing,
ordnanee, and medical bureaus of tho War Depart-
ment arc now separate and distinct, and in some in-
stances quite remote from each other, thereby involv-
ing great expense, at the present time to an annual
expenditure of over one hundred thousand dollars,
and which must cause also great inconvcnience and
delay: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into tho expediency of re-
quiring the Secretary of War to concentrate the
offices and storehouses of the said several bureaus at
some convenient place within the harbor of said city
or on the navigable waters thereof: Provided, That
suitable warehouses, docks, piers, and basin can be
obtained at a saving of expense to tho Government.
PAYMENT OF UNITED STATES BONDS.
Mr. CARY submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Retolved, That in the opinion of this House the
Secretary of the Treasury should not provide for the
immediate payment of tho bonds issued under the
act of January .28,1847, redeemable after Deoember
31, 1867, amounting to $7,160,201); and those issued
under the act of March 31, i848, redeemable after
July 1,1868, amounting to$8,020,941 80; but that pay-
ment should be postponed until coin and legal-tender
notesahall be of the same commercial value.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that that resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. CARY. I have no objection to that
reference.
The motion tras agreed to.
ABOLITION OF LAND OFFICES.
Mr. CARY introduced a bill to abolish the
land offices at Chillicothe, Ohio, Indianapolis,
Indiana, and Springfield, Illinois ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
EUROPEAN TRIP OF TIIE MIANTONOMOH.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to furnish to this Houso the entire expense
of the late trip to Europe of the iron-clad Mianto-
nomoh, which shall embrace in detail all the items,
and out of what fund .the said expense has been
paid.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for ex-
ecutive information it requires unanimous con-
sent for its consideration this day.
Mr. CROOKS. Objection was made to the
