THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from office has been nothing more than the
issuing of a formal order for that purpose by
some officer having or claiming, as the accused
now does, to have the power, and I cannot
doubt but that the offense underthe statute was
complete the moment the order was served on
Mr. Stanton. The Senate assuredly so thought,
when in their resolution of February 21, page
148, they declared in answer to Mr. Johnson's
message announcing that he had removed Mr.
Stanton, " that underthe Constitution and laws
of the United States the President has no
power to remove the Secretary of War and
designate any-other officer to perform the
duties of that office ad interim." It was that
order of removal that the Senate thus con-
demned as being contrary to the Constitution
and laws of the United States, not the legal
and actual removal of the Seeretary, for we
held that he was in office, notwithstanding the
order, holding in virtue of the Constitution and
of the tenure-of-offiee act of March 2,1867.
I think, therefore, the House of Representa-
tives might properly and legally have charged
Mr. Johnson with having "removed" Mr.
Stanton, describing the offense in the language
of the statute, instead of charging him withf
having unlawfully issued the order with intent"
to violate the act and the further ititent to
remove Mr. Stanton, as is done in the first
article.
The first article may, in my opinion, and
should, be regarded as charging that the accused
actually committed the offense of a removal
from office of Mr. Stanton ; for his order and
other acts, in proof, are, in the popular mind,
all that is meant by the term "removal" in
the statute; and 1 therefore regard this article
as framed directly upon the statute, charging
that the accused removed Mr. Stanton contrary
to it.
1 add that, even without the statute, I look
upon the act as a plain violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States, a violation of
his oath to take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed, and therefore an impeachable
offense. Committed under the grave circum-
stances in evidence, 1 need go no further to
find him guilty of the highest crime and mis-
demeanor he can commit, for it is an undis-
guised attempt to subvert the legal, constitu-
tional, and popular character of our Govern-
ment—one which no true friend of the Gov-
ernment can wink at—a step toward autoc-
racy and absolutism—an effort to strip the
Senate of all effectual power over appoint-
ments to office, and carrying with itself, if
unrebuked and unpunished, imminent danger
of further fundamental changes toward corrup-
tion and despotism. The power of impeach-
ment alone is left to the people to ward off the
peril and to vindicate the popular character
of their Government. Never, in my judgment,
was there, in our country, an occasion so
imperatively demanding its exercise.
But if the first article be regarded only as an
attempt to commit the crime mentioned in the
sixth section of the act, it is obviously sustain-
able by the rules of law. No principle is better
settled than that an attempt—not, indeed, a
mere intention not evinced by any act—but
any act or endeavor to accomplish and bring
about the commission of an offense, is itself a.
misdemeanor. Professor Greenleaf, in his
excellent Treatise on Evidence, (vol. 3, p. 4.)
lays down the principle, derived from numerous
adjudged cases, that—
"The attempt to commit a crime, though the crime
be b i a misdemeanor, isitselt a misdemeanor. And
to contil lite .such an attempt there must be an inten t
that the crime shall be committed by some one, and
an act done in pursuance of that intent." t
This doctrine is fully sustained by the fol-
lowing English and American cases:
Ilex. vs. Meredith, 8 C. and P., 589: Rex.
vs. Higgins, 2 li., 5. 17, 21 ; Commonwealth
vs. Harrington, 3 Pick., 26 ; liex vs. Vaughan,
4 Burr., 2494; Slate us. Avery, 7 Conn., 200.
Many other cases might he cited affirming
the same salutary doctrine. Mr. Russell, in
his Treatise on Crimes, (vol. 1, pp. 45, iG.)
lays down the same doctrine, and it is of daily
application in the administration of justice.
Commenting upon and vindicating it from
doubts and objections. Lord Kenyon said in
one of the cases cited that he regarded adeijial
of it as a " slander upon the law."
Did, then, Mr. Johnson cherish the inten-
tion to turn Mr. Stanton out of office contrary
to the provisions of the aet? In his answer
he tells us that he did, and that he issued the
orders in question with that intent. The other
acts of his, not evidenced in writing, prove the
same thing. He entertained that intention,
aud did those acts, tending to and designed
for that sole purpose, in order to remove Mr.
Stanton from his office against his will and
contrary to the plain commands of the law.
There can be but one conclusion. He in-
curred the guilt, and under the first article I
therefore pronounce him guilty, whether the
article be regarded as founded directly upon
the statute or as charging the common-law
misdemeanor of attempting to commit the
statutory offense.
The second article of the impeachment
charges the accused with having issued and
delivered to General Thomas the order of
February 21, authorizing and empowering him
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and
directing him " immediately to enter upon the
discharge of the duties pertaining to that
office," there being no vacancy in the office.
This was too plainly to be debated, a " let-
ter of authority" to Thomas, and an obvious
violation of the sixth section of the tenure-of-
office act. No one cantloubt it. The section
provides that the "making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuing of any" " letter of
authority"—not conferring the office, but—
" for or in respect to any such appointment or
employment, shall be deemed, and is hereby,
declared to he a high misdemeanor."
This was an open, deliberate, undisguised
commission of the offense; and if this statute
is not totally void and inoperative for uncon-
stitutionality, mere waste paper, the accused
must be found guilty under this article.
The idea, so strongly pressed upon us by
the counsel for the accused, that this letter
of authority, as well as the order removing Mr.
Stanton, are to be treated as innocent acts, on
the pretence that they were done merely to
obtain the decision of the Supreme Court as
to the constitutionality of the statute, is out of
place on this trial Notwithstanding such
intention, if it existed, the offense was never-
theless actually committed, and the sole issue
the Senate has to try is whether it was in
fact knowingly committed, not whether the
motives that led to it were one thing or another.
To excuse or justify the intelligent commission
of an offense on the ground that the motive
was good would be monstrous, indeed. It would
be to set aside the whole penal code at once,
and peimit every bad man and many good men
to be judges in their own case. Society could
not exist under such a puerile and capricious
system. Besides, this motive, which the evi-
dence places rather in the light of an after-
thought than a ruling design accompanying
and coeval with his resolution to remove Mr.
Stanton, was properly to be addressed to the
House of Representatives in order to prevent
the finding of the impeachment It was. if
of any weight at all, matter of mitigation and
excuse for committing the offense, and natu-
rally addressed itself to the discretion of that
body upon the question whether upon the whole
it was worth while to bring him to trial; for
surely it has no tendency to prove that he did
not knowingly and willfully commit the offense.
We cannot, therefore, sitting in our judicial
capacity and acting on our oath to decide
"according to law," give this pretense any
weight in determining the issue.
The House had the constitutional right to
bring the accused before us for trial. We are
to try hira according to the law and the evi-
dence which the law makes applicable ; and
the House and the people in whose behalf they
come before us have a right to demand of us
that he shall be so tried; and our own oath
makes it equally imperative, upon us,. !
The third article charges that Mr. Johnson
issued the order to General Thomas without
authority of law whiie the Senate was kt ses-
sion, no vacancy having happened during.the
recess of the Senate, witk intent to violate the
Constitution of thfe United States,
This article distinctly raises the question
whether, while the Senate-is in session and not
in recess, the President can lawfully under.the
Constitution apppint to an office without the
advicse and consent of the Senate.
I have already shp,wn that under the naked
Constitution he cannot do this, .and that the
attempt is a violation of bis oath.
But the tenure'of-ofiice act forbids it, by
declaring, in the first section that au officer
appointed by and with the advice asd consent
of the Senate " shall be entitled to hold his
office until a successor shall have been in like
manner appointed and duly qualified."
This provision of course renders Thomas's
appointment unlawful, for there cannot be two
incumbents lawfully in possession of the office
of Secretary of War at the same time.
But it is sufficient under this article to say
that the Constitution itself prohibited this
appointment of Thomas, for the President
could not make it during the session of the
Senate without their advice and consent. It
was a willful attempt to usurp the powers of
the Senate, and therefore a gross violation of
a high public duty attached to him by his oaXh
of office, and a high crime tending toward and
designed to accomplish a fundamental and
dangerous revolution of the Gevernment in
this respecl.
The design here was to pass the office abso-
lutely into the hands of Thomas for him to
hold for an indefinite period of time, and
independently, and to enable him to exercise •
all its functions as freely as if he had held a
formal commission with the consent of the
Senate ; and the useless Latin phrase ad in-
terim imparts to the act no qualification, and
imposes no restraint on his powers. Under
the then existing circumstances no temporary
appointment could be made. There was no
law whatever that provided for it. Mr. Stan-
ton was not absent, but present in the office;
he was not disabled by sickness, but was in
full health; he had not resigned, but had
refused to do so; he was not dead but alive.
And it is impossible to see what magic signifi-
cance was attached or could be attached to
the words ad interim. If the appointment
made Thomas Secretary of War, as the accused
claims, then his tenure was at the President's
pleasure, and he needed no confirmation, and
was to hold until turned out by him; no law
forbade it, and the Constitution, as construed
by Mr. Johnson, allowed it.
I cannot, therefore, hesitate to find him
guilty under the third article.
The fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh articles
charge substantially but one offense—that of
conspiring with Thomas unlawfully to prevent
Mr. Stanton from remaining in the office of
Secretary of War and exercising its functions,
and unlawfully to seize and get possession of
the property of the United States in the office.
I think this corrupt and unlawlul agreement
!; between Mr. Johnson and Thomas is fully
!' made out by the evidence. The averment of
j! the means by which the object was to be
il accomplished, whether by force, fraud, or
intimidation, is not material. It is the agree-
I ment entered into between them to do the
I i unlawful act. to accomplish the forbidden end,
i' that constitutes the crime. And it is not easy
to see how this agreement could be more
•: clearly proved. The delivery of the letter of
l' authority to Thomas, and his acceptance of the '
l! same; the delivery to him of the order reinov-
ing Mr. Stanton and the delivery thereof by
II Thomas to Mr. Stanton ; the demand made by
I! Thomas for possession; Mr. Stanton's per-
il emptory refusal and order to Thomas to depart;
I' his written order to Thomas forbidding him
i! to issue any orders as Secretary of War : the
