1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3587
the purpose of furthering the rebellion and
aiding it with no power in the military of the
country to deal with them as rebels and traitors.
My doctrine is that when there is an insur-
rection ia a country aid and comfort may be
given to that insurrection from every part of
the country, whether from the theater of war
or not, and that every man who engages under
such circumstances in giving aid and comfort
to the rebellion, no matter whereabouts in the
country he may be, should be subjected to the
military power and brought within the range
of its influence and effect; that if there is an
insurrection in Virginia, and New York city is
filled with traitors plotting and contriving to
give aid and comfort to that insurrection, the
military power of the Government should be
able to put its hand upon them there ; that if,
what is much more likely to be the case, another
rebellion should ever spring up in the Gulf
States, and thousands and tens of thousands
of men in Kentucky should band together for
the purpose of giving aid and comfort to that
rebellion, as they did during the late rebellion
that we have passed through, the Government
should be able to put its military hand upon
them there.
Now, sir, for one, I do most earnestly protest
against this emasculation of the Government
of the United States in its military department
by such a provision as this. In the event of
another rebellion, what would be the value of
the civil tribunals in the suppression of efforts
of traitors away from the theater of war to give
aid and comfort to that rebellion ?
Mr. WILSON. About as much as they were
in the late rebellion.
Mr. DRAKE. I was just going to ask how
much they were worth during the rebellion
through which we have passed? Sir, they were
worth just about as much as the court of pie-
poudre in England would be. Talk about
going before justices of the peace and getting
constables to serve their warrants, and going
before criminal courts infected, perhaps, with
the rebelism and treason that the man had been
gniity of who was brought before them ! Talk
about going before grand juries made up of
sympathizer with the rebellion, as they were
found all through this country ! Send there to
punish a rebel! Sir, I protest against this whole
thing; and if there is no other way of defeating
this amendment at this time I will call for a
division of the Senate upon it, if I can get it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear it reported.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. As the amendment
seems to be resisted—T understood it was sub-
stantially acceded by the chairman of the Mil-
itary Committee 
Mr. DRAKE. No ; he objected to it.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I was going to observe
that if it is to be resisted I shall insist upon
dividing the.Senate. It is too important a
principle.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert after the provision adopted on
the motion of Mr. Frelikghuysen the words
" and where the civil tribunals cannot act."
Mr. CONKLING. I think the amendment
is located in the wrong place; it ought to come
in after the word " shall," in the second line;
so that the clause will read :
Military commissions may be constituted, and shall,
within the theater of war, &c.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think it would
come in better there.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I will make this
as a suggestion or substitute for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, to
come in the fourth line after the words "courts-
martial
But such jurisdiction shall not within the United
States attach to any person disconnected with the
military service, unless the civil tribunals before
^hieh such person would usually bo triableshall be
interrupted or impeded by war or insurrection.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. DRAKE. May I ask the honorable
Senator from New York, with regard to that,
if the operation and effect of it is to be this :
that in theeventof another southern rebellion,
or a northern one either, away from the imme-
diate theater of the war, those engaged in
raising supplies to send to the rebels, in com-
municating privately information of the move-
ments of the Government troops to them, or
in any other form of treason to their country
and Government, are to be turned over to the
civil tribunals ? Is that the effect of the hon-
orable Senator's amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Treason must be tried
by a jury.
Mr. DRAKE. To be tried by a jury of their
own fellows in the crime, perhaps.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President; I
do not think that is the effect of the amend-
ment; certainly it is not the intention of the
amendment. The design of the amendment
is to provide that where there are courts which
will act as in the Indiana case, open and ready
to be appealed to, an appeal shall be taken to
those courts in place of going before a military
tribunal in the first instance. To meet the
Senator's suggestion I will add to the amend-
ment these further words, "or shall refuse to
administer justice ;" so that it will read :
Shall bo interrupted or impeded by war or insur-
rection, or shall refuse to administer justice.
Mr. PERRY. If the Senator from New
York will allow me, I wish to make a single
suggestion. I am satisfied, from an examina-
tion of the first clause of article twelve, that
an effort has been made here by the Military
Committee to accomplish an impossibility, to
wit, to define the jurisdiction of military com-
missions. Although military commissions have
been known both in the mother country and
in our own country, their jurisdiction has never
been defined by statute. They grow out of
the exigencies of war. Their jurisdiction is
attempted to be defined by the law books
written upon the laws of war, but it is neces-
sarily undefined, because necessarily adapted
to the circumstances and exigencies which
arise during times of war or insurrection. The
suggestion which I have to make is this: after
these amendments have been voted upon, I
propose to strike out all after the word " con-
stituted" in the firstclause, andinsert " accord-
ing to the laws and usages of war ;" so that the
first clause will read :
111 time of war or insurrection military commis-
sions may bo constituted according to the laws and
usages ot war.
If you attempt to define it nearer than that
you will fail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is quite obvious that
we cannot get a vote to night. There is less
than a quorum here, and there will undoubtedly
be a division. This immediate point that is
under discussion is one of great importance to
have it adjusted with entire propriety to the
satisfaction of everybody and of all_ political
parties, so that there shall be no feeling about
it. Therefore, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator to
withdraw it. I want to have an executive
session for ten minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are only twenty
Senators here. That will not do.
Mr. WILSON. I wanted to know of Sena-
tors whether they objected to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Connecticut?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ought to be thought
of a little. I am not sure that that will reach
the object. There are only twenty Senators
here and there will be a division. I make the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will with-
draw that motion we can have an executive
session and accomplish what we want in ten
minutes.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Connecticut
is acceptable we can pass this bill.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 11, noes 6; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, June 29, 1868.'
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntoh.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by a
motion to reconsider, commencing with the
State of Maine. Under this call, memorials
and resolutions of State and territorial Legis-
latures may be presented.
railroad subscription by georgetown,D.C.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1328) to authorize the corporate authorities of
Georgetown to subscribe the sum of $800,000
to build a branch railroad to connect said city
with the Alexandria, Loudoun and Hampshire
railroad, and to levy a tax therefor; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
w. r. silyey.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1029) for the relief of the heirs of W. B. Silvey,
late of company B, second Tennessee infantry ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
william e. byrd.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1330) for the relief of William
E. Byrd, of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
nancy cook.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also intro-
duced a bill (H. 11. No. 1331) for the relief of
Nancy Cook, of Tennessee ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
barbara stoct.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1332) for the relief of
Barbara Stout, of Tennessee; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
post route IN tennessee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1333) to establish a
post route in Tennessee; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
lieutenant george a. miller.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also intro-
duced a bill (H. 11. No. 1331) for the relief of
Lieutenant George A. Miller, of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
m'iienry bltay.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1335) for the relief
of McIIenry Bray, late first lieutenant com-
pany I, eighth Tennessee infantry ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
arkansas agricultural college.
Mr. HINDS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 315) to extend the provisions of
the act in regard to agricultural colleges to the
State of Arkansas ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
stenographer for ukited states court.
Mr. PILE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1336) to provide for the employment of a
stenographic reporter for the district court ot
