1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
bidders failed to name the material. Now,
after throwing out these bids, what did they do ?
They accepted one from parties who were will-
ing to pay and did pay a certain sura of money
to secure it; that is what is at the bottom of all
this matter. The testimony is all there, but I
have not time to refer to it now. But I will
slate further, that after throwing out these bids,
because they did not specify the material to be
used, they let the contract to a man who has
so far constructed the foundation of the most
inferior and the cheapest material of all. Now,
if the contractor can afford to pay $13,000, as
we have already in evidence, we think the price
is too high ; there must be some reason why he
can afford to pay this much money to obtain
the contract and to hold it.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. COVODB. I will withdraw the motion
to recommit, and call the previous question
upon the bili.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 ask the gentleman to
allow me a few minutes.
Mr. COYODB. How many? I have not
much time left.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
shall be seconded, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Covode,] having reported the
bill to the House, will be entitled to one hour
to close the debate.
Mr. COVODB. I will yield to the gentle-
man after the previous question has been sec-
onded.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I prefer to have five
minutes before the previous question is sec-
onded.
Mr. COVODB. Very well; I will yield to
the gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] supposes that the
House understands his report, or the evidence
upon which he bases the main features of it, or
that the House understands the bill he has re-
ported, then he has much more assumption
than I have, and more than I think he has any
right to have. His report has but recently been
made; it covers some eight or ten closely
printed pages. The evidence, if printed, I sup-
pose, would make a reasonably good-sized
book. The gentleman now proposes to do
away with all the former legislation of Congress
upon this subject and to commence the work
all anew. By his bill it is proposed to create
a commission which shall have authority to
select a site and a plan, and then to let this
contract to the lowest responsible bidder, in-
volving an expenditure of $200,000.
Now, sir, 1 believe a better plan can be
adopted than that proposed by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds. I am not,
neither is the Committee for the District of
Columbia, I suppose, in favor of the present
location of the proposed new jail. We all
agiee in that; I think the location is a bad one.
I do not deny the facts which the gentleman
has alleged to exist regarding the manner of
constructing the jail up to this point. I do
not take issue with the gentleman in regard to
Mr. Faxon, for I know nothing about him.
Nor do I know anything about any of the con-
tractors, aud I care nothing about them. But
I do know that under a former act of Congress
the Secretary of the Interior was authorized to
select a location for this jail. _ In the discharge
of that duty, imposed upon him by law, he se-
lected the one upon which the structure has
been commenced. I think he made a poor
selection. In the next place, we authorized
him by law to select and employ an architect.
He selected and employed Mr. Faxon, which
was, perhaps, another poor selection. I take
no issue with the gentleman on that point; I
know nothing about it. But I know this, that
subsequently we passed another joint resolu-
tion which provided that before the plans
should be adopted by the Secretary of the In-
terior they should be approved by a commis-
sion of three persons, namely, General Meigs,
Mr. Mullett,and Mr. Clark, three eminent archi-
tects, well known here. They did approve the
plans after making various suggestions with
regard to them.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman. There was never any plan submitted
to them. It was only a pencil sketch.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, call them
plans, specifications, sketches, what you will,
those gentlemen exercised the authority vested
in them by virtue of the joint resolution. They
did approve the plans, and there is the proof
of it in the letter of General Meigs and the tes-
timony of Mr. Mullett. The evidence taken
before the gentleman's committee shows that
these gentlemen did examine these plans and
suggested variations and improvements, which
have been adopted in the plan subsequently
made by this architect. A plan which, in my
opinion and in the opinion of the committee,
is good, though needing, perhaps, some slight
modifications in order to make the building
suitable for the accommodation of three hun-
dred prisoners, has been selected. It has cost
the Government twelve or fourteen thousand
dollars to get this matter thus far along. Now,
the gentleman proposes to wipe that all out
and employ another architect, who will proba-
bly charge the Government $10,000 for new
plans. Will those plans be any better than
the present ones ? Who has a right to say that
they will be ? Will the site which will be se-
lected by this commission be any better than
the present site? I do not know. I should,
be willing that the site should be selected by
the gentleman's own committee or by any
committee of this House having anything to do
with the administration of affairs in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. COVODE. I think the gentleman's
time is fully up.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has half
a minute remaining.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now, sir, if the House
will postpone this matter until the joint com-
mittee can make a report I think a report will
be made which will save the Government ten
or twelve thousand dollars, will secure a site
better in all respects than the present one, and
will secure the completion of the edifice for
$200,000, which I do not believe the present
report will do.
Mr. COVODE. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to
enter into this argument, but merely to call the
attention of the House to the length of time
that has already been occupied by these com-
mittees in investigating this subject. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixcersoll] makes
a point that this matter was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia. I do
not know whether it was or not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let me state to the
gentleman that he is in error. I said no such
thing. I simply said that the Committee for
the District of Columbia initiated the move-
ment to put a stop to the execution of this
plan, not that the matter was referred to the
committee at all.
Mr. COBB. Well, Mr. Speaker, I think it
amounts to the same thing.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not at all.
51r. COBB. It was referred, I believe, at
the same time the committee initiated the
movement. It makes no difference, however,
except in this respect: that if this matter has
been before the Committee for the District of
Columbia longer than it has been before the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
then, in all conscience, they have had time
enough to decide upon the matter and make
their report. There is no doubt that the inter-
ests of the inhabitants of this District require
the early completion of this jail. The matter
has been before Congress for three or four
years; and there is no question that one or
two years more will be required to complete
the building, even if the contract be let imme-
diately. The gentleman says, in effect, that
all hands agree that the location which was
selected by the Secretary of the Interior is an
improper one, on which it is impossible to
erect a suitable building; that the work which
has been done under the present regime must
be torn up or abandoned; and that an import-
ant modification of the old plan must be made.
Now, the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds are unanimous in the opinion thai
no plan, in the sense in which architects use
the term, or in the sense intended by the act
of Congress, has ever been made or adopted.
The committee are of the opinion all that
ground has been gone over, and sufficient time
for the investigation has already elapsed; that
all the committees charged with the investi-
gation of the subject have had ample time.
The purpose of having further time on this
subject is to enable interested parties to manip-
ulate matters so as to enforce a contract which
the committee believe lias been improperly
made and allow a site which they believe has
been improperly selected forced upon this
Congress and the people of this District.
Therefore, sir, I agree with my colleague on
the committee that the House should act on
the bill now and pass it.
Mr. COVODE. I now yield a moment to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welker,] a
member of the Committee for the District of
Colnmbia, to submit an amendment by which
we will save $1,000. I am satisfied the amend-
ment is right.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is the bill before the
House for amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is; the gentleman from
Pennsylvania having withdrawn the motion to
recommit.
Mr. WELKER. I move, after the word
"shall." in line two, page 5, to insert "select
one of their number," and then to strike out
all after the word "shall" to the word "archi-
tect" in the next line. The purport of the
amendment is that this board shall select one
of their own number to act as superintending
architect in the completion of the jail, and
that will save the expense of paying for an
architect to superintend this work. One of
this board is an architect and without any ad-
ditional trouble can superintend this work and
save expense.
Mr. COVODE. When the report was under
consideration I intended that the architect of
the board should do the superintending of the
construction of this work. The amendment
is a good one, and I hope it will be adopted.
I now yield to my colleague on the committee
from Kentucky.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I am a member
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and during this investigation was
present only part of the time. When the re-
port was read to the committee I made some
objections, but, agreeing in the substance of the
report, I did not think it necessary to submit a
minority report. There are some reflections
upon the Secretary of the Inferior and others
in which I do not entirely acquiesce. I think
no reflection can justly be cast upon the Secre-
tary of the Interior, so far as he as concerned
in this matter, and I would prefer, although,
to repeat, I made no objection to the report
being made, that the report should be post-
poned for the present.
Mr. COVODE. I was very careful in draw-
ing up this report that no person should un-
necessarily be reflected upon. I left out ref-
erence to parties implicated. I did it at the
suggestion of my colleague, who was moresen-
sitive than myself. He was, as he has said,
mainly in favor of this report,, but was opposed
to having these parties reflected upon, i tried
to steer clear of all such reflections and from
doing injustice to any one.
I now'call for the previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded a division.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
3, noes 3; no quorum voting.
Mr. INGERSOLL withdrew his demand for
a division.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
