1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GXOBE.
155
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending the bounty act of 1336 to the widows of those
soldiers who have died since the pasiaj;o of said act,
soi/tiierm swamp-land grams,
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
report to this House the information called for by
its resolution of July last, respecting the disposition
of the swaitp lands of the southern States; which
information has not yet been communicated.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information it requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. BROOKS. I object, as a similar reso-
lution offered by mo was objected to.
mrs. ma 111' bu(mvn.
Mr. HARDING submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, anil
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to report, if they deem it advisable, a
bill tor the relief, by a pension or otherwise, of Mrs.
jVlary brown, widow ot John .Brown, deceased, l&te
oi tenth regiment Illinois ca.va.lfr.
john ii. finlay.
Mr. HARDING also submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
are hereby requested to report to this House on the
justice and expediency of granting a pension to John
11. b inlay, late a private in company G second Illi-
nois cavalry, (j nited States volunteers.
sale op public vessels.
_ Mr. COOK submitted the following resolu-
tion : which was read, considered, and agreed
to: °
Revived, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rectcd to inform the House, in. connection with the
information this day called for in relation to the
number and price of the public vessels sold since the
war, whether any of the vessels so sold were captured
Irom the enemy during the war and upon which prise
money was paid by the United States, and if so, the
ataount of prize money so paid, the date of payment,
ana the price for which the vessels were sold.
reduction of army.
Mr. ROi>S submitted the following preamble
and resolution ; which were read, considered,
and agreed to :
^';«reas thc report of the Secretary of War shows
tuat the exponse of the Military Department of the
Luirca btates Amounts to about seventy-seren mil-
lion dollars, being more than the entire expense of
administering the national Government in it3 earlier
ana better aay^; Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Military
Affairs btt instructed to inquire into the expediency
ot reducing the Army to a peace establishment, and
thereby relieve the tax-payers of the useless and !
unnecessary burdens of a large standing Army .in
time of peace. j
revenue on distilled spirits. i
Mr. BURR. I offer the following resolution: '
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be directed to inform the House at the earliest i
practicable moment the amount of revenue on dis- i
tilled spirits collected in the State of Illinois for the '
six months ending November 30.1867, and the pro-
portion of such revenue received from each collec-
tion district in said State.
The SPEAKER. This being a resolution
calling for executive information it requires .
unanimous consent for its consideration to-day. '
No objection was made.
^^E. I suggest to the gentleman that
tho direction should be to the Secretary of
the Ireasury, and not to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. I think it is not customary
to call upon subordinate officers for informa-
tion.
Mr. BURR Such resolutions have been
passed; and I think it more likely to meet
with a prompt response. I call the previous
question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was put on agreeing to the
resolution, and no quorum voted.
Mr. BUI1R. If it will remove objection I
will modify the resolution so as to make it a
call upon the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. PILE. I liaye no objection to that.
The resolution was agreed to.
the immiacument investigation
Mr. BURR. I ask the unanimous conscnt
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Clerk of this House be, and he
is hereby, directed to report to this House, at his
cJr'lesl convenience, the several amounts paid-out
ot tho_ contingent fund for expenses caused bv tho
investigation ot the charges asainst the President
belore the Judioiary Committee; also to whom and
tor what service said several amounU were paid.
Mr. BUTLER. I object.
francis dainese.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of thrco mem-
bers of this House bo appointed by the Speaker to
inquire into and report to this House tho facts in
regard to the chargcs in the accompanying comma-
nication of xrancis Daineso, and that said committee
have power to send for persons and papers and
examine witnesses upon oath.
Mr. FARNb WORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to make a statement to the House.
No objection was made.
^Mr. FARNSWORTH. The charges con-
tained in the accompanying memorial are quite
voluminous, and the House could scarcely have
them read. 1 wish to state to the House that
I do not desire, if this resolution shall be
adopted, to be placed upon the committee;
but I think it due to the memorialist that a
committee should be raised, and that these
charges should be investigated, for if half what
he states is true there has been a case of very
gross oppression which can scarcely find its
parallel in the history of the country.
Mr. DAWES. Against whom are the charges?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The charges are
against the United States consul in Egypt, Mr.
Hale, and, in connection therewith, somewhat
reflecting upon the Secretary of State. I will :
state to the House that the investigation by the
committee will not require the sending to Egypt
for witnesses or anything of that sort.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman tell us
what the memorialist charges Mr. Hate with ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was about to say.
He charges Mr. Hale with issuing an attach-
ment upon some five or six hundred thousand
dollars' worth of goods which he had taken to
EgJP1 for sale at. the suit of parties residing in
the city of New York. I think the committee
j will find that the consul had no jurisdiction of
I the case whatever. But if he had the parties
in New York who commenced that.suit like-
wise commenced a suit in the city of Washing-
ton by attachment, Mr. Dainese owning prop-
erty in the District of Columbia and in the
neighboring State of Maryland. Mr. Dainese
returned to Washington, appeared, and de-
fended that suit. The suit was dismissed as
soon as he appeared. He then went to New
York, where these parties resided, and com-
menced a suit against them. They answered
it, and he obtained from the State court there
a writ of injunction enjoining the parties, whose
name is Allen. I think, from further prose-
cuting their cause in Egypt, but requiring
them, if they had any suit to bring, to bring it
| here where the parties reside, and where Mr.
Dainese has plenty of property to answer their
I suit.
Notwithstanding that, and notwithstanding
the injunction has been served upon Mr.
Hale, the consul in Egypt? he refuses to sur-
render the property, and still holds .it there
locked up ; nor can Mr. Dainese procure an
order from the Secretary of State to the con-
sul there to release them. His property is
bound up in Egypt by the mandate of this
consul without any jurisdiction whatever, and
he is without any redress. I think it is due to
him that thi3 matter should be investigated.
Mr. DAWES. What objection hae the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworthj to
having this resolution referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs ?
Mr. MAYNARD. What information has
the gentleman received concerning this mat-
ter upon whieh he can rely?
Mr. f ARNSWORTH. I can vouch for a
portion of the statement, because I have seen
the record in the casesof the suit in New York.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnrwortii] and myself are well
acquainted with the claim of this Dainese. I
hope the gentleman will consent to have this
matter referred to thc Committee on Foreign
Affairs. _ I think lie will find this like a claim
I which this Mr. Dainese has been prosecuting
(i before Congress for the last twelve years, very
i much more on paper than anywhere else.
J _ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objcc-
i tion to having this matter referred to theCom-
mittee on Foreign Affairs if they will con-
' sider it. I desire, however, that the House
of Representatives shall direct the committee
; to investigate the case.
Mr. DAWES. I have the utmost confi-
dence in the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
as I should have in any committee that might
be raised on the gentleman's motion. I am
for giving Mr. Dainese an opportunity to be
again heard here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is exactly sim-
ilar to many other cases on which select com-
mittees have been raised. However, I hava
no objection to referring this matter to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and will modify
the resolution to that effect.
The resolution, as modified, was then
adopted. •'
pay of a deceased member.
! Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and unanimously agreed to:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms is hereby
authorized to pay to the widow of Charles Denison,
late a member of this House from Pennsylvania, tho
amount of compensation which would have been due
to the late member to July 4,1867, and to further pay
the amount of funeral expenses in tho burial of tin
deceased, which payments shall first be approved by
the Committee on Accounts of this House.
reduction 01' the army.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to reconsider tha
vote by which the House referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs a resolution submit-
ted by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross.]
Upon examining that resolution I find that it is
disrespectful in terms both to the Secretary of
War and to the general management of public
affairs. I call the previous question on the
motion to reconsider.
The resolution was read, as follows:
-i.WIl?reas the "Port of the Secretary of "War shows
that the expense of tho Military Department of tho
United States amounts to about seventy-seven mil-
lion dollars, being more than the entire expense of
administering the national Government in its earlier
and better days: Therefore,
aS' itresphed. That the Committee on Military
Affairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reducing the Army to a peace establishment, and
thereby relieve the tax-payers of the useless ahd
unnecessary charges of a large standing Army in time
oi peace.
Mr. ROSS. I had no intention whatever
to reflect on General Grant. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] assisted in getting
up the military bill, and the gentleman is re-
sponsible for his portion of the $77,000,000
expended if there is any question about the
great expense of the Army. General Grant had
nothing to do with it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I insist upon the call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
■ The question was then taken upon the motion
to reconsider; and upon a division there were
—ayes 59, noes 26; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garfield
and Ross were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 73, noes 83.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 move that the resold
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
