1868.
TEE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. CONFESS. None at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the resolution to be read a third
time. The resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
powell's colorado expedition.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Tffouse
joint resolution authorizing the Secreta^^t^
"War to furnish supplies to an exploring expe-
dition.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (PI. II. No. 251)
authorizing the Secretary of War to furnish
supplies lo an exploring expedition.
ll proposes to empower the Secretary of War
to issue such commissary and quartermaster
stores to the expedition engaged in the explo-
ration of the river Colorado, under direction of
Professor Powell, as may be necessary to en-
able the expedition to prosecute its work, if
such issue is- not detrimental to the interests of
the military service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to inquire a little
into this business. Who is Professor Powell,
and under whose authority is he prosecuting a
survey of the Colorado river? Is he a Gov-
ernmentofficer ? Is this a military expedition ?
Air. WILSON. I will tell the Senator who
Professor Powell is. 1 do not personally know
him ; but I understand that he is a gentleman
ot capacity and character, a learned man, and
that he is making a survey of the Colorado
river. He received last year, while making
this survey, the aid of the Government to a
certain extent, but he cannot go any further
now without some vole of Congress. The ap-
plication made by him has been investigated,
and is recommended strongly by the head of
the engineer corps, Geueial Humphreys, and
has the approval of the Secretary of War. It
is to furnish this small party engaged in this
imfiortant business, deemed important to the
country, some rations. The Wur Department
are entirely satisfied with it, and want the work
to go on. It will cost the Government but a
small sum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is not
my business, it, belong-! to my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] to guard the Treasury ; but, it,
seems to me that this is entering on rather a
novel legislative expedition. Here is a private
party. We have bad Government explorations
of this river already. Here is a private party,
for some purpose, undoubtedly a good one—I
have nothing to say about that, for I do not
know anything about il—who arc engaged in
surveying this river, as it is said, or exploring
it, and it is now proposed, without our know-
ing anything more about it except that my
friend from Massachusetts believes that the
chief of the corps of Engineers and the Secre-
tary of War think it would be a good thing, to
furnish them with quartermaster's and com-
missary stores, which 1 believe—he will cor-
rect me if I am wrong—include pretty much all
that a man may want except gunpowder and
ordnance, and we liave given ail that away just,
now to another expedition. Now, it does seem
to me that, while to be sure it is a small matter,
il is legislating rather loosely.
I appeal to my friend from Massachusetts
if he does not think that the taxpayers of the
country will be a little averse to having private
parties sent out for exploringexpeditions of any
of the rivers of Massachusetts, and then call on
the War Department, by act of Congress, to
furnish quartermaster's stores, which include all i|
transportation and commissary stores, which j!
include all food, to carry on the expedition. I !
think we ought to hesitate a little before we |j
go into such a movement. To be sure it is a /
picayune matter, but the people who pay taxes ,
have to pay them in small sums and in large |j
ones, and every drop that is taken out of the :j
Treasury somebody has got to pay i'or. But, '!
as I said, I turn it over to my friend from Ohio
who knows whether we can afford it.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a foray on the
subsistence department, and therefore does
not fall within my province. I have no doubt
the supplies furnished to this party will cost
about six times as much as they would in
Massachusetts. I have heard within the last
yeax/Ortwo of corn costing ten dollars a bushel
at/£e head of Colorado river above the rapids.
Jrhave no doubt it will cost eight or ten times
asmuch as corn in Ohio. I do not know any-
thing about this matter; but there is one fact
of which I wish to remind Senators. The
Government of the United States explored the
whole western countiy for a Pacific railroad
route. The publication of the Pacific railroad
reports, if I am correctly informed, cost be-
tween one and two million dollars: perhaps
more. They were of no practical service what-
ever in the building of the railroad. it so
happens that the railroads arc now being built
on linos not explored by that survey. The
road that is being built along the valley of the
Platte and then through the Cheyenne Pass
goes over a line that was not surveyed at all.
All these surveys are got up either for the pur-
pose of furnishing jobs or of scientiiic display,
and their reports are generally of very little
practical value. I shall not vote for any bill
of this kind. The eastern division of the Pa-
cific railroad, as it is called, is now engaged
in exploring its route under a Very competent
man, General Palmer, from Santa F6 or Al-
buquerque, westward. These surveys cannot
be ofany service to it because it is now engaged
in the actual work of exploring and surveying
its route which crosses the Colorado river.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
some information in regard to this matter, not
very extensive it is true, but I will give to the
Senate such as I have.
Professor Powell spent the last year in ex-
plorations iu the country beyond Colorado.
He is a scientific man of eminence, and is
making surveys in a part of the country where
the Government itself has been intending to
make explorations. I have understood that
the War Department designed organizing last
year a company to explore the very region of
country where Professor Powell was. lie pro-
poses this year to survey the Colorado river.
The Colorado river, as laid down upon our
maps, for some six or seven hundred miles has
never been seen by a civilized man.
Mr. SHEIiMAN. It was ran recently, dur-
ing the last fall, I believe, by three men to
escape the Indians, and one of them got through
alive.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The whole distance?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; to the Great Canon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of it.
Is that authenticated?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; the man lives. He
went in at one end and came through at the
other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been laid down
on all our maps for several hundred miles hypo-
tMfetically, without any actual knowledge of
where the river was. This gentleman with a
private party, at considerable expense, spent
the last year in surveying where none of the
Government parties have been.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In what Territory ?
Mr. TR UMBULL. West of Colorado.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What territory ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would be perhaps
embraced in New Mexico. Last year he re-
ceived some assistance from the commissary
or quartermaster's department, or perhaps
both, receiving from them some supplies, but
paying for them what they cost. I under-
stood General Sherman, who favored this ex-
pedition and indorsed it, as also does the War
Department, was anxious to assist, so far as
he could, this year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have you any official
report from the War Department?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; this comes
from the War Department, with the sanction
of the War Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wheie?- -
_ Mr. 1RUMBULL. I do not, kiiowwhether-
it is on the files or not. I presume the ehair-:
man of the Committee on Military Affairs hag;
a communication from the War Department iiv
reference to it. I know the fact that the Secre-
tary of War has desired and intended to organize,
a party at the Government expense to make-
this very exploration which is now being made
by scientific men without any expense to the
Government except such assistance as they
having supplies in that country may be able to
furnish. The difficulty, as Senators will see
at once, of a private party in that country
taking along the necessary 'provisions would
be very great. Professor Powell does not ask
any guard or any protection from the Govern-
ment. His knowledge of the Indians and his
acquaintance with that country is such, and
the strength of his party such that he is willing
to take care of himself; but he wants the
opportunity to apply to some of our.posts
there which may he nearest to him to obtain
supplies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How small is his party?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not sure, but I
think about twenty. It is a saving to the Gov-
ernment. It is a matter that the Government
probably would itself undertake, as I under-
stand the Secretary of War has had it in con-
templation for some time. This is a gentleman
who was there lastyear and had the benefit, as
I was informed, of obtaining supplies from our
military posts on paying what they' cost. 1
should be satisfied with that this year ; but it
would be a great convenience, and perhaps an
absolute necessity, that he should be permitted
to draw supplies "from these posts in order to
make the exploration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Under whose auspices
does he do this ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is a professor con:
nected with the Normal University of the State
of Illinois, and the State has appropriated sev-
eral thousand dollars in aid of this exploration
as a scientific matter ; I do not remember the
precise sum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. lie is a geologist, is he
not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir ; he is in con-
nection with that institution, and it is under the
auspices of the State that he has been out
there. All that he wants is to have the assist-
ance of the Government to this extent; he
does not ask any guard or protection of that
kind; and it will be obtaining information,
scientific information, which the Government
ought to have in regard to its territory, in re-
gard to this great river, and it will be obtain-
ing it cheaper than in any other way wo can
get it. He has the indorsement of the scien-
tific men of the country. That is the extent,
I believe, of his application.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, as I understand,
this gentleman is not paying his expenses out
of Ins own pocket,, but he is employed by the
university of the State of Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. lie has some position
there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He is a salaried professor
in that institution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot say whether
he is or is not a salaried professor in that
institution-
Mr. CONNESS. He is.
Mr. TPoUMBULL. I think the appropria-
tion made by the State is only some lliree or
five thousand dollars. I am not sure as to the
amount, but it would not anything like pay the
expenses incident to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well. Mr. President, of
course, as everybody says, this is a very small
matter, and, as to-day seems to be a dull day,
it is the best time to pass through all the small
matters we have on hand. It seems, from the
exposition of my friend from Illinois, that this
expedition, now supposed to be^ in some terra
incognita out there, trying to find the course
of the Colorado river, is a geological one, act-
ing under the auspices -of a university in the
State of Illinois, the State hawing also aided
