SUPPLEMENT TO
report of tliis demand and refusal and pro-
hibitory order made by Thomas to Mr. John-
son, and the deliberate direction given by the
latter after hearing this report from Thomas
to "go and take charge of the office and per-
form its duties"T!-alI which things happened
o  the 21st of February—and the second and
menacing demand for the office by Thomas on
the next day, all show, as clearly as human
conduct can show, that just such an agreement
was entered into by the accused and Thomas.
' And it is made perfectly clear by the evi-
dence that, but for the resolute firmness of Mr.
Stanton, that agreement would have been car-
ried into complete performance, and all the
public property belonging to the office seized
and possessed by Thomas, a mere intruder, I
^therefore find the accused guilty under the
fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh articles of the
impeachment.
The eighth article differs from the second
and third only in the averment that the order
appointing Thomas was issued "with intent
unlawfully to control the disbursements of
moneys appropriated for the military service
and for the Department of War."
I'think such an intention fully made out by
the proofs. General Thomas himself swears
in his direct examination (page 414) that when
the accused appointed him he remarked that
he (Mr. Johnson) was "determined to sup-
port the Constitution and laws." This was a
very gratuitous, idle remark, unless it implied
a design to do something unusual, some dash
against the legislation of' Congress, which he
so much disliked, and was, of course, uttered
with reference to the tenure-of-officeaet, which
was the only means by which Mr. Stanton kept
the place he then designed to give to Thomas.
He was resolved to "support," &c., against
this act, and the declaration was an invitation
to Thomas to aid him in trampling on that
statute.
On his cross-examination (page 432) General
Thomas swears the President said in this inter-
view, "I shall uphold the Constitution and the
laws, and I expect you to do the sameand
adds. "I said, certainly, I would do it, and
would obey his orders.''
This, he says, was, as he supposes, "very
natural, speaking to his commander-in-chief."
I think not-. To my mind, this strange col-
loquy, which could not have taken place but
in pursuance of Johnson's unlawful and auda-
cious design, a design well understood by
Thomas, evinces unmistakably, on the part of
Thomas, the supple and reckless spirit of a
dependent and flatterer, ready and willing to
obey the slightest signal of the hand that feeds
him. It ia an assurance to Johnson that he is
his tool, and will obey his wishes in all things.
Contrast this low sycophancy with the manly
and soldierly demeanor of General Emory
when he repelled the suggestion of Mr, John-
son that ho should accept orders from him
directly, and that the requirement of the act
of 1803 to send them through the General of
the Army was unconstitutional and contrary to
the terms of his commission ! The contrast is
indeed striking. Thomas is already debauched
and bows pliantly to the will of a master!
and had he got possession of the War Office,
no one cau doubt for a moment that he would
have disbursed the moneys of the Department
in obedience to Johnson's orders. Of course,
the employment of such a person would effect-
ually subject the public moneys to the will of
the employer ; and there seems to be no other
reason or motive for employing him except to
give such control to the accused. He is not so
ignorant as not to have foreseen, from all he i
heard and observed at that, critical moment,
that a military force would have to be employed
and paid in order to carry out his design of
ejecting Mr. Stanton and getting control of his
office: and he claimed the right to control it
in all respects. Such a provision naturally
and necessarily suggested to his designing
mind the acquisition of money to pay the
expenses of the tremendous experiment he
meditated: and I cannot doubt that the em-
ployment of Thomas, willing as he was to obey
Mr. Johnson's orders, had in direct object the
control of those moneys. I therefore find him
guilty under the eighth article.
As to the ninth article, I do not think the
proof sufficiently clear to justify me in saying
that the accused pronounced the act of 1863,
requiring him to transmit all orders through
the General of the Army, unconstitutional,
"with, intent thereby to induce said Emory,
in his official capacity as commander of the
department of Washington, to violate the pro-
visions of said act, and to take and receive, act
upoft and obey," the orders of Mr. Johnson
not thus transmitted. The conduct of Mr.
Johnson toward General Emory was highly,
censurable ; but I do not think that particular
intention is fully made out. The evidence
raises a suspicion that such may have been the
case, but is consistent with the supposition of
the absence of such an intention, and the
doubt must go to the benefit of the accused.
As to the tenth article, the evidence is con-
clusive that the accused made the popular
harangues therein set forth. The essence of
the charge is, that these discourses were "in-
tended to set aside the rightful authority and
powers of Congress, and to bring the Congress
of the United States into disgrace, ridicule,
hatred, contempt, and reproach, and to destroy
the regard and respect of all the people of the
United States for their authority."
Mr. Johnson was the lawful President of
the United States; one of his sworn duties
was to " take care that the laws be faithfully
executed." The Thirly-Ninth Congress was
a lawful Congress, as much so as any that
ever sat. They were elected by exactly the
same constituency who elected Mr. Johnson
Vice President in 186-t. Under their legis-
lation the_ rebellion was put down, and Mr.
Johnson himself, as military governor of Ten-
nessee, had aided actively in carrying it out,
and had had the benefit of the joint resolution
of February, 1865, excluding from the count
of electoral votes for President and Vice Pres-
ident those cast in certain of the States in
rebellion. It did not, therefore, He in his
mouth to deny, directly or indirectly, that the
Thirty-Ninth Congress was a valid, constitu-
tional Congress. None but such as contended
that the Government was broken up by the
secession and rebellion of the eleven States—
that is, none but a traitor could consistently
and dccently make such a declaration. And
yet he says, in his 18th of August speech, (re-
ferred to in the first specification,) made in
the Executive Mansion, and addressed to the
honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] and others, and without rebuke or reply
from that learned Senator, " We have seen
hanging upon the veivge of the Government,
as it were, a body called, or which assumes to
be, the Congress of the United States, while,
in fact, it is a Congress of only a part of the
States ; " plainly intimating that that Congres
had no power to pass laws for the govern-
ment of the rebel States, and were, in fact and
in law, incompetent to legislate for the whole
country; a doctrine that openly encouraged
sedition and disobedience to the laws in at least
those States, if not in all others—the laws
which he alone, of all the people of the Uni-
ted States, was expressly bound by oath and
the Constitution to see " faithfully executed."
Suppose a judge of a State court, charged
with administering the laws, should go about
among tlie people and tell them thus openly
in public speech that the legislation of the
State was no legislation—that their laws were
all void, and that the citizens were not under
obligation to obey them—would not the power !
of impeachment be at once brought to bear 1
upon him? And why? Because, entertain- '
ing such opinions, he desecrates his office, and !
is therefore t-vfit longer to remain in it. Did 1
we not sustain the impeachment against Judge |
Humphreys, of Tennessee, for that which was i
the exact equivalent of this charge, namely, j
inculcating in a public speech the right of i
secession from the Union and of rebellion? I
What did he say, but that the Government of
the United States was in law no Government
for the seceded States? He had committed
no act of treason, and the only proof was that
he had thus spoken. And we convicted and
removed him because he had thus spoken.
The second and third specifications contain
like matter. The vulgar harangues therein
recited are in denial of the legal constitutional
validity of the statutes passed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and tend directly to excite
sedition and insubordination to, and disobedi-
ence of, those laws, the speaker being himself
specially and solely charged by the Constitu-
tion with the official duty of taking care that
those laws shall be " faithfully executed." He
assumes'a position in direct antagonism to his
oath and his duty. He himself was setting the
example of disobedience to the laws, and en-
couraging others to imitate his wicked exam-
ple. Does the law impose no responsibility
for wanton conduct like this? May a public
magistrate deny, contemn, and deride the du-
ties of his office with impunity ? His counsel
say yes. I say no. Society must be protected
by law ; and in order that that protection may
.exist the laws must be respected by those
charged with their execution, not aspersed and
trampled upon.
No question of the "freedom of speech"
arises here. It is not because he speaks scoff-
ingly and contemptuously of Congress as a
body ; not because he dissents from their legis-
lation merely and expresses that dissent; not
because he utters against them the false and
malicious calumny that the New Orleans riot,
which he calls " another rebellion," " had its
origin in the radical Congressnot because he
descends to the low business of lying about and
scandalizing them, that the House has pre-
ferred this article against him, but because he
inculcates the idea that their statutes are no
laws, and not to be respected by the people as
laws, and because he openly threatens (in his
St. Louis speech) to "kick them out; to kick
them out just as fast as he can," thus dis-
tinctly conveying the threat to use revolution-
ary violence against that Congress and to dis-
perse them. It was an open threat to commit
treason. And yet his counsel tell us that it
was innocent and harmless.
To my mirid the tenth article charges one
of the gravest offenses contained in the im-
peachment. The feelings of the whole country
were shocked and disgusted by the lawless
speeches of this bully President. Men and
women all over the land hung their heads in
shame, and the wise and reflecting saw in him
a coarse, designing, and dangerous tyrant.
1 vote him guilty under the tenth article, and
under each of the three specifications.
As to the eleventh article, it charges in sub-
stance that he attempted to prevCTit the exe-
cution of the tenure-of-oilice act, by unlawfully
devising means to prevent Mr. Stanton from
resuming the functions of his office, and to
prevent the execution of the said clause in the
appropriation act of 1807, and the reconstruc-
tion act of March 2, 1807,
In finding him guilty under this whole arti-
cle I only consult his official record, his ofliciaL
history, and the other facts clearly in proof.
His whole policy lias been that the reconstruc-
tion act was both improper and unconstitu-
tional, and he has detested the Thirty-Ninth
and Fortieth Congresses, because they have
been of an opposite opinion. This trouble has
grown out of his determination to govern the
rebel States by his executive decrees in defi-
ance of the wishes of the people of the United
States expressed through the legislation of
Congress; in other words, to be himself the
ruling power in this regard. This is usurpa-
tion and tyranny, and I think it ought to be thus
met and branded. Our position as the first
free nation of the world demands it at our
hands; and whatever may chance to be the
result of this trial, whatever may be the future
fortunes of those who are now sitting in judg-
ment, I can desire no better authenticated
claim to the free and enlightened approval of
