3588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
the United States for the eastern district of
Missouri ; which was read a first and second
tijne, and referred to the Committee oil the
Judiciary.
MKS. FRANCES T. WCIIAliDSON.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
II. No . loo 7) granting an increase of pension
to Frances T. Richardson, widow of the late
Major General Israel B. Richardson; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LOUGUPJDGE introduced a bill (IT.
R. No. 5338) to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Rio Grande
to the Pacific ocean ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
NEtV LAND DISTRICT IN NEI3KASKA.
Mr. TAFPE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
133',)) to establish a new land district in the
State of Nebraska; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
MAJOR a. CIIAPIN.
Mr. CLEVER introduced a bill (IT. R. No.
1310) for the relief of Major G. Chapin, United
States Army : which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
KKYOMT13 YKliV, OF DUTY.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 310) to admit kryoliie into the
United States free of duty; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
ORDI5U OJ? BUPINKSS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order, during the remainder of the morning
hour, is the call of the States for resolutions,
commencing with the State of Iowa, where the
call rested at the expiration of the morning
hour on Monday last.
NORTJIKRN PACIFIC RAILROAD
Mr. PRICE introduced a joint resolution
(II. Ii. No. 317) extending the time for the
completion of the Northern Pacific railroad;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. PRICE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The joint resolution was read. It amends
scction eight of an act entitled "An act grant-
ing land to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from Lake Superior to Pu-
gefr sound on the Pacific coast,*' so as to read
as follows:
That each and every want, ri.^ht, and privilege
herein are so made and j?ivcn to and accented by said
Northern Pacilic railroad upon and subject to the
following conditions, namely: that said company shall
commence the work on said road within two yeara from
and after the 2d day of July, 1863, and shall complete
not less than one hundred miles p^r year alter the
second year thereafter; and fhall consUuet, equip,
furnish and complete the whole road by the 4th day
of July, A. D. 1877.
Mr, PRICE. May I ask a parliamentary
question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
a parliamentary question.
Mr. PRICE. It is in reference to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table. There is on the
table a joint resolution which has passed the
Senate exactly similar to this, except that this
limits the time for the completion of the road
to a shortertime byoneyear. I desire to know
whether it is likely we can reach the busi-
ness on the Speakers table before the 2d day
of July? Because unless the resolution is
passed by that time the charter expires.
The SPEAKER. Asthereisa special order
intervening by unanimous consent, and ques-
tions of privilege likely to come up, there is
some doubt whether that business will be
reached.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. PRICE. I do not know that I can
yield.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is
made no debate can be allowed, or the resolu-^
tion must go over.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If the
gentleman will not allow a question, 1 hope the
previous question will not be sustained.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the question can be entertained.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand this resolution gives this road two years
longer time without- doing any work whatever.
It is now four yeais? and it has not struck a
spade in the soil.
Mr. PRICE. This, in fact, limits the time in
place of extending it, and 
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 object to debate.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to amend this bill
by providing that the lands granted bo sold to
actual settlers only, in quantities not greater
than one hundred and sixty acres, and for a
price not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
73, noes 20—and the main question ordered ;
and under the operation thereof the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. PRICE., I demand tlie previous ques-
tion on the passage.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
70, noes 28.
Mr. PIKE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 33, not voting
05; as follows:
Y DAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Dclo< It. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes, Beck,
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham. Blaine, Bole?, Brom-
wcll, Buekland, Benjamin F. Butler, Koderiek 11.
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Cornell, Dixon, Donnelly,
Ecklcv, ISla. Eldndgc. Farnsworth, Perry, Golladay,
Gravely, Griswold, drover, Higby, Hinds, Hotch-
kir-s, Chester D. Habbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kelsey, Kerr, Kotcham, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Maliory, Marshall, Marvin,
Maynaid, McClurg, MeComnck, MeKce, Miller,
Aloorhead, Mullins, Mungen, Mycra, Ncwcomb,
O'Neill, Paine,Perlram.Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, llaura, Robmson,
Itoots, Sawyer, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Aaron P. Stevens,Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Tafte,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernain,
Burt Van Horn, liobert, T. Van Horn. Cadwalader
C. Washburn, llcnry I). Washburn, William "Wil-
liams. John T.Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Windom,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Beatty, Boutwell, Cary,
Cobb, Callom, Delano, Eggleston, Perriss, Garfield,
Getz, Ilaight, Harding, llolman. Jenckes, Julian,
William Lawrence, Loughridgo, McCarthy, Mcrcur,
Niblack, Orth, Pike, Randall, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Sitgreavcs. Stewart, Van Auken, Van W.vck, William
B. Washburn, Thomas Williams, and James P.
Wilson.—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Axtcll, Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Blair,
Boycr, Brooks, Brooma.U, Burr, Chanler, Header W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co burn, Cook. Covodc, Dawes,
Dodge, Driggs, Eliot, .Fields, Kinney, Fox. Gloss-
brenner, flalsey, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins,
Asahei W. Hubbard, Kichard D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Inprersoll, Judd, Kelley, Kitchcn, Knott, Koontz,
Lalhn, Lincoln. Logan, McCulloujrh, Moore, Mor-
reli,Morrlsbey, .Nicholson, Nimn,Pnelps,Robertson,
Ross, Schcnck, Selye, Shanks, Stone, Taber,Taylor,
John Trimble, Lawrencc S. Trimble, Van Trunin,
Ward, Eiihu B. Washburne, Welker, and Wood—65.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL STORED.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 251) for the relief of Captain Charles N.
Goulding, late quartermaster of volunteers j
when the Speaker signed the same.
APPOINTMENTS AND REMOVALS.
Mr, ALLISON. _ I offer the following pre-
amble and resolutions, upon which I demand
the previous question:
Whereas a statement, purporting to be prepared by
the Secretary of the Treasury from the official records
of his Department, has been published in the National
Intelligencer, and also sent to the publie through
the Associated Pres3,ia which it is stated that in on©
hundred and nineteen collection districts removals
were made during the year 1867 upon th« recom-
mendation of the Commissioner of In tern al Revenue,
in which districts the average: falling off of inter-
nal revenue, as compared with the year 186t>. was
SI<>0,942 81 per district: and that m the same year,
1867 removals were made in twenty collection dis-
tricts by the Piesident, without the recommendation
of said Commissioner, in which the fallmg oft of rev-
enue is only $46,470 37 per district: Therefore,
Re wived, That the Secretary oi the treasury be
directed to inform this lloa^e whether any such
statement was prepared by him or by his direction
from the official records of Ins Department, and
whether it was published by his direction, and if so,
that he be further directed to furnish this House
with a copy of the statement, so prepared, and ot any
report made by him to the President m relation to
removals and appointments herein referredto.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
inform this House in what collection districts re-
movals and appointments of assessors and collcctors
were made, if any, upon the recommendation of feho
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, during the fiscal
year 1867, the names of euch officers removed and
appointed, with copies of alt correspondence ^ or
rccommcndations of said Commissioner relating
thereto.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division of the
question, so as to have a separate vote on the
preamble.
The question was taken on the resolutions,
and they were agreed to.
The question was then taken on the pre-
amble, and it was adopted.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolutions were
adopted; and also moved "that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXATION OF INTEREST ON BONDS.
Mr. COBB. I offer the following resolution,
upon which I demand the previous question :
Resolved, That theCommittee ofWays and Means
he, and they are hereby, instructed to report without
unnecessary delay a bill levying a tax of at least ten
per cenr,. on the interest of the bonds of the United
fetates, to be assessed and collected annually by the
Secxetary of the Treasury and such of his suboulin-
ates as may be charged with the duty of paying the
interest on the bonded indebtedness of the United
States.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the resolution includes bonds held in
foreign countries?
Mr. COBB. It is intended to include all
bonds.
Mr. PRICE. It does not so specify.
Mr. ALLISON. Is that a resolution of in-
struction or of inquiry?
The SPEAKER. It is mandatory in its
character.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 35, noes
57.
Mr. COBB. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. CoBKand
PiiL'Yjr were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 55, noes 57.
So the House refused to second the call for
the previous question.
Mr. MILLER. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. SHANKS and Mr. HOLMAN demanded
tlie yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it in order to move to
refer the resolution to the Committee of Ways
and Means?
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to move to
amend the resolution so as to make it a reso-
lution of inquiry into the expediency instead
of one of instruction?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order either
to move to refer or to move to amend the res-
olution pending the motion to lay it on the
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, but the Chair
is answering parliamentary questions. If the
motion to lay on the table shall be voted down,
amotion to refer the resolution will be in order.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I re-
new it.
