THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. TNGERSOLL. I hope I will be allowed
to move an amendment leaving the responsi-
bility of this matter with the Committee on
Public Buildijigs and Grounds, and not with
this commission.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the
main question having been ordered.
Mr. Welker's amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COVODE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAU15 FKOM TIIK SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
19) directing that certain moneys now in the
hands of the United States Treasurer, as spe-
cial agent of the Treasury Department, be
covered by warrant into the United States
Treasury, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
Also, a bill (H. R. No. 599) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the iiscal year ending Juno 30, 18(59,
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vole by which theSenate amend-
ments to the Military Academy appropriation
bill were referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that there are but three amendments, I believe,
to this bill, two of which reduce the amounts
that were inserted by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendments of the Senate.
The Clerk reported the amendments, as fol-
lows :
Page 1, lino thirteen, strikeout, "sixty" and insert
"'fifty;" so that it wiil read:
For cuirent ordinary expense?, $36,805.
Attheerul of line fourteen, insert:
Provided, That the second section of the act ap-
proved April 1, 1861, making appropriations for tile
suppi rt ot' tho Military Academy for the year ending
June 130,1865, is hereby repealed.
Pago 1, iine fifteen, strike out the words "increase
and expenses ot" and insert in lieu thereof " pur-
chase of books for."
Papro 1, lino fifteen, strike out "three" and insert
"two."
Paso 1, line seventeen, strike out "four" and in-
sert "two;" and at the end of said line seventeen
add:
Provided, That the second section of the act ap-
pro veil August ft. 1S1G, making appropriations tor the
support, of tho Military Acadcniyfor tho yearendinf?
Juno 30, 1817, be amended by striking out the lirst
proviso in paid section, and by insertmgin lieutheie-
of the following: ''Provided, That tile whole num-
ber of Visitors cach year shall not exceed seven."
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. 1 think
the amendments explain themselves. Every
one of them is in the line of economy ; $7,000
are saved by them, and I congratulate the
House on the event. 1 ask the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is there any change in
the general effect upon the Array?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs 01' duncan l. oli.n'cu.
The House proceeded, as the next business
in order, to the call of committees for repoits
of a private nature, commencing with the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back Senate bill No. 30S, for
the relief of the heirs of the late General Dun-
can L. Clinch, deceased, with a substitute.
The substitute, which was read, recites that
whereas ElizaB. Anderson, wife of Major Gen-
eral Robert Anderson and daughter and heir-
at-law of the late General Duncan L. Clinch,
deceased, has an equitable claim in her own
right, to the exclusion of all other heirs of
said Clinch, against the Government of the
United States, they having released all de-
mands in the premises; and whereas the family
of the said Robert Anderson need for their
support the amount which she may be entitled
to; therefore, in consideration of the premises
and in consideration of the distinguished ser-
vices of the said Major General Robert Ander-
son and his permanent disability, there be ap-
propriated the sum of $10,000 in trust for the
said Eliza B. Anderson, in full satisfaction of
her claims against the United States, for and
on account of any demand on account of the
late Duncan L. Clinch.
Mr. SPALDING. Is this bill predicated on
the distinguished services of General Anderson
rather than on any original claim?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is quite as much on
account of his original services as his claim.
I call the previous cpiestion.
Mr. COBB. I simply desire to say to the
House that I do not concur in the report of
the majority of the Committee of Claims in
favor of this substitute.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read tho third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john ii. ellis.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, a bill (S. No. 25) for the relief of
of John H. Ellis, a paymaster in the United
States Army.
The bill requires the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to allow Major .John 11.
Ellis, in the settlement of his accounts, acredit
of $3,07:3 91, being the amount lost in conse-
quence of a larceny of public money in his
custody, at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, on the
night of January 1, 18G0, if, on examining
tho accounts of the said Ellis, the Paymaster
General shall deem him justly entitled to said
credit, and shall certify his approval thereof.
Mr. WARD. I submit a written report on
tho case, and move that it be printed; and
I move the previous question on tho bill.
Tin} previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
The motion to print the report, was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
lo lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Aiiviinsn nr.PORT.
Mr. WARD, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of citizens
of Wrightsville, Pennsylvania, praying com-
pensation for damages sustained by the burn-
ing of the Columbia bridge during the late
war ; which was laid on tho table, and ordered
to be printed.
joiix m. paljunt. |
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution (II. R. No. 213) for I
the relief of John M. Palmer; whieli was read !
a lirst and second time. I
The preamble to the joint resolution recites i
that on the 7th day of August, I860, John M. j
Palmer, of Nashville, Tennessee, contracted 1
with the quartermaster's department of the
United States to manufacture and deliver fitly-,
two thousand coffins for the interment of de-
ceased Union soldiers at Natchez, Vicksburg,
and Corinth, Mississippi, Memphis, Pittsburg
Landing, Fort Donelson, and Nashville, Ten-
nessee, and Marietta, Georgia, and also to erect
fences for the national cemeteries at Natchez,
Yicksburg, and Corinth, Mississippi, and at
Memphis, Fort Donelson, Stone River, and
Pittsburg Landing, Tennessee, and that owing
to the malicious destruction of said Palmer's
steam saw-mill and machinery by rebel incen-
diaries and loss of timber by providential floods
he has failed to fully complete his contract
and has incurred forfeitures to the Government
thereon.
The joint resolution releases John M. Palmer
from all stoppages and forfeitures on account
of his failure to deliver the coffins under his
contract and directs the Quartermaster General
to adjust and settle the claim of said Palmer
for erecting fences around tho national ceme-
teries by an additional allowance of $7,283 70,
to he paid from the fund appropriated by the act
of February 22, 18G7, to establish and protect
national cemeteries.
Mr. COBB. I move the previous question
on the joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like lo have the report in this case read. I
hope the gentleman from Wisconsin will not
undertake to put this joint resolution through
this morning. It certainly comprehends a prin-
ciple which the House has not heretofore acted
on, and that is to give compensation for dam-
ages done by the casualties of war.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question. I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois that, there
is no written report accompanying the joint
resolution, as the facts are briefly stated in the
preamble, so that the House can see what the
facts of the case are. I will state for the in-
formation of the gentleman from Illinois and
of the House that we do not propose here to
pay this man for losses sustained from the
public enemy, but by reason of the burning of
liis mill he was unable to furnish all the coffins
at the times and at the places where those offi-
cers of the Government who were engaged in
disinterring and reinterring Union soldiers in
national cemeteries wanted them ; and hence,
under the terms of his contract, he incurred
certain forfeitures. The first provision of the
joint resolution is to relieve him from those
forfeitures—not to give him any money. The
second clause of the joint resolution does give
him additional compensation for erecting fences
around certain of these cemeteries.
The price or cost of erecting these fences was
enhanced by circumstances beyond the control
of tiie contractor, Mr. Palmer. In some cases
they were purely providential, and in others
they were caused by the fact that the officers
whose duty it was to purchase tho land for
these cemeteries selected land the fencing of
which was vastly more costly than ordinary
land would have been. This they did. either
because they could get the land cheaper, or on
account of its picturesqueness for cemetery pur-
poses, such as rocky, craggy, or hilly land, to
fence which would cost more than" ordinary
level ground. Upon a careful estimate we
have made this appropriation very much lower
than was the actual cost to this party.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. COBB. Very well.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does not
this joint resolution propose to give this party
an additional price on his contract, independ-
ent ot reimbursing him for the damages done
by the rebels ? This joint resolution involves
a very important principle; it is not yet printed;
there is no report accompanying it; yet we are
asked to put this bill through, and thereby
] establish a precedent which wiil lead no man
knows where. Now, I am aware how utterly
idle it is to attempt to stop anything of this
kind; but I wish to enter my protest against it.
