156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
in the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 65, not voting
52; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Banks, Bcaman. Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blftine, Brouiwell, Brooinall, Bueklnnd,
Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Ci>bb, Cook, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield,
llulsey, llawkins. Hill, lloopor, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jcnckes, Kelley, Kelsey, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy, Moore, Moorhead,
Morrell, Mullins, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Peters,
Poland.Pomeroy, Robertson, Sawyer, Seofield, Smith,
Spalding, Taylor, Trimble, Burt Van Horn.Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne. Welker,
William Williams, James F.Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Windom—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Baldwin, Barnum, Boycr,
Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Coburn, Culiom, Don-
nelly, Eldridge, Fox, Gets, Glossbrcnnor, Gnlladay,
Grover, Harding, Higby, Ilotchkiss, Humphrey,
Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Knott,
Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Marshall,
Marvin, McClurg, JlcCullough. Mercur, Newconib,
Niblack, Nicholsou, Nunn, Perham, Polsley, Price,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Shanks, Sitgreaves,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart. Stokes, Taber, Trow-
bridge, Van'Aernam, Van Auken, Van Trump. Ward,
HenryD. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—65.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, James M. Ashley, Barnes, Beck, Blair. Bout-
well, Butler, Cornell, Covode, Eggleston. Ela, Finney,
Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Hamilton, Ilolman, Hop-
kins, Asahel Wr. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Ketcham, Kitchen, Lincoln,
Loughridge, Lynch, Miller, Morgan, Mcflrissey,Mun-
gen, Orth, Phelps, Pike,Pile, Plants, ltauin, Schenck,
fcelye, Shellabarger. Starkweather, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stone, Tnffc, Thomas, Twichell. Upson, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, and Woodbridge—52.
So the preamble and resolution were laid
on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. BLAINE said : Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say that the first day of this session I offered
a resolution for the reduction of the Army,
which was referred to the Committer on Mili-
tary Affairs; therefore I vote in the affirmative.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I vote in the affirm-
ative for the same reason. I am against the
" whereas " and in favor of the resolution.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. BAKER. I offer the following pream-
ble and resolution; and demand the previous
question on their adoption :
Whereas it is on every account expedient that the
military establishment of the United States should
be as small and economical as is compatible with the
real and absolute needs of the country: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reducing said military establishment of tho United
States in conformity with the foregoing preamble.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that will pass.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ROSS. No one objects to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 130, nays none, not
voting 57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Axtell, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Broom-
all, Buckland, Burr, Butler, Cary, Chanler, Churchill,
Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb„Coburn, Cook,
Cullom, Dawes,Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Drigra, Eg-
gleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
' Fox, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover,
Halsey, Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Higby, Holman,
Hooper. Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Johnson, Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr,
Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Mar-
shall. Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, Mer-
cur,Moore, Moorbead, Morrell, Mullins. Myers, New-
comb, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Poineroy,
Price, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer Seo-
field, Sitgreaves, Smith. Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Taber, Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump,
Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen'F. Wilson, Win-
dom, Wood, and Woodward—130.
NAYS-0.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Delos R.Ashley, James M.Ashley, Baldwin,
Barnes, Barnum, Blair, Boutwcll, Cake, Cornell, Co-
vode, Eckley. Eldridgo, Finney, Gravely Griswold,
Haight, Hamilton, Asahel W. Hubbard Richard D.
.Hubbard, Ketcham, Kitchen, Lincoln Lynch, Mc-
Cullough,Miller, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Orth,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Raum, Robinson, Schenck,
Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Twichell, Upson,
Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Thomas Williams,
and Woodbridgc—57.
So the preamble and resolution were unani-
mously agreed to.
Mr. BAKER moved to reconsider the vote ,
by which the preamble and resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. j
SWAMP-LAND GRANTS. \
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, I have a
resolution of inquiry which I wish to introduce,
and I ask the House for five minutes to explain
it. If the House understand its merits I think
it will be adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas certain swamp lands have heretofore been
granted by the United States to the several States in
which they lie, andsaid lands, or some portion of them,
afterward disposed of by the United States by per-
mitting military bounty land-warrants to be located
on the same; and in lieu thereof warrants have been
issued to such States, which in somo cases are of no
value to such States, for the reason that the public
lands in such States havo been sold by the United
States: Therefore,
He solved. That the Committee on Public Lands be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into and
report to this House the expediency of providing by
law for the issuance of warrants to such States to be
located on any of the public lands in lieu of the
lands disposed of by tho General Government; and ,
that said committeo have leave to report by bill or
I otherwise.
1 Mr. ALLISON. I object. !
Mr. BROMWELL. I withdraw the resolu-
tion for the present.
IRON-CLAD VESSELS AGAIN.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to move to reconsider
the vote authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell certain iron-clad vessels.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
is hereby, authorized to relinquish to the builders
of such iron-clad vessels as in his judgment are not '
required by the interests of the servico, the vessels
constructed by them, upon their refunding to tho
Government the amount paid to the said Builders,
they relinquishing all claim upon the Government I
for losses in their construction: Provided, That if any ,
of the vessels have sustained injuries the Secretary
of the Navy may, by a board of officers, appraise the
damages and abate the amount so ascertained from
the sum to be refunded as herein provided.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to allow me to say a single word.
Mr. JUDD. Very well.
Mr. BLAINE. I was not in the House when
the resolution was passed and know nothing
about it; but I observe my colleague [Mr.
Pike] who offered it is not now present. I
suggest, therefore, that the motion to reconsider
be entered, and it can be called up at any time
when my colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, is present.
Mr. JUDD. If I supposed it would place
the gentleman's colleague in a false position I
would yield to the suggestion. The resolution
was passed sub silentio, and I am sure that the
resolution would not have passed if the House
had heard and understood the last clause in ref-
erence to damages.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the gentleman from Maine intended to
refer the resolution to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. If there be no objection it will take
that reference now.
There was no objection, and it was referred
accordingly.
FRAUDS ON THE REVENUE.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
pent to submit the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas the most gigantic frauds are perpetrated
against the revenue of the country by illicit distilla-
tion of high wines and whisky: Therefore,
Be it retolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the total destruction of all high
wines and whisky which may be seized as having
been manufactured in fraud of the revenue laws.
Mr. WARD. I would suggest as an amend-
ment that all high wines and whisky be abol-
ished.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
E. B. HOAG.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill for the
relief of E. B. Hoag ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to tlie Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
EXEMPTION OF INCOMES.
Mr. INGERSOLL submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be hereby instructed to inquire into the expediency
of exempting from paying tax all incomes which do
not excced 82,500 per annum.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. WASHBURNE,' of Illinois. I desire
to make a suggestion to the House for the ben-
efit of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence,] who acquiesced in the motion to
adjourn over till "Monday with the expectation
that he and the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] would have an opportunity to
make speeches in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to-day. It is so late
now that neither gentleman wants to go on.
They propose that by unanimous consent there
shall be a session of the House to-morrow for
speeches only.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would prefer myself to
submit my remarks this evening.
.The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
would prefer to make his speech to-morrow.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Allow me to
say a single word, and I will state what I de-
sire. Nearly an-hour ago the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] moved that when
the House adjourn it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next. He at the same time stated that he
would immediately move to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to give
an opportunity to gentlemen who desired to
speak to make their speeches. That was nearly
an hour ago. It is understood that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] pro-
poses to speak, and I believe it is understood
that I shall follow him. It is perfectly mani-
fest that there is not time now for two speeches,
and if we adjourn over till Monday we are
delayed, and time is lost which might, possibly
be profitably employed. I thereforq.appeal to
the House to rescind the resolution to adjourn
over till Monday in order that we may have a
session for speeches to-morrow. If there should
be any time left this evening after the gentle-
man from Tennessee gets through, I will com-
mence my speech, but it is not possible I should
finish it this evening, and under these circum-
stances I hope that by unanimous consent we
-shall have a session to-morrow.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield
for that purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There seems to be a mis-
understanding as to who has the floor imme-
diately after the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard.] The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Van Trump] thinks that he has the floor
then.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole has charge of that matter.
The Chair has no control over speeches in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That may make a differ-
ence in the arrangement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist on
my motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before the House adjourns
the Chair has a number of communications
from the Executive Departments which he
desires to present.
