1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
Mr. COBB. There is 110 danger in the pre-
cedent which this joint resolution will estab-
lish. Congress has never passed but one act
providing for the interment of Union soldiers
in national cemeteries. If it is ever necessary
to pass a similar joint resolution hereafter I
hope Congress will follow so much of any pre-
cedent as this will set as will enable the officers
and contractors of the Government to give
deccnt burial to our deceased soldiers, and to
erect seemly fences and other ornamentations
around their last resting places. I now call
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
previous question is not seconded, will not this
subject then go over for future consideration ?
The SPEAKER. It will be postponed, or
debated and considered at this time, as the
House may determine, should the previous
question not be seconded.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 56, noes 23 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cobb and
Mr. Washbubnb, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 71, noes 23.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was on the passage of the joint
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KEPAIItS OF LEVEES.
Mr. McCOIlMICK, by unanimous consent,
presented a concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Missouri, in relation to
repairing levees protecting the alluvial lands
below the mouth of the Ohio river; which
was referred to the Committee on Freedmen's
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
GEORGE W. LANE.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a joint resolution (H. II. No.
218) for the relief of George W. Lane, super-
intendent of the branch mint at Denver, Col-
orado Territory, and Assistant Treasurer of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
credit and allow to George W. Lane, superin-
tendent of the United States branch mint at
Denver, Colorado Territory, in the settlement
of his accounts, the sum of $4,419 90 public
money, which was stolen from the mint with-
out fault or neglect on the part of said super-
intendent, and which has not been recovered.
Mr. HOLMAN". I ask that the rcpoit be
read. I wiil remark that the committee have
adopted the report made to Congress at the
last session, and upon it base this joint reso-
lution.
The report was read. It states that on the
13th February, 1804, one Jcv'mes D. Clarke, an
employ6 and pay-clerk in the office of memo-
rialist, robbed the mint of $36,817 0-5, public
money of the United States, with which he
absconded, and that memorialist immediately
took the necessary steps for his apprehension,
which was accomplished ; that said Clarke was
thereupon indicted, convicted, and sentenced
for the larceny, and the money so stolen, except
the sum of $4,419 90, was secured and re-
turned to' the Government. The balance not
found, upon the arrest of Clarke, remains
charged against the memorialist on the books
of the Treasury, and for which he now asks an
act of Congress releasing him from its pay-
ment. The committee are satisfied, from evi-
dence, that the memorialist had good reason
to repose confidence in the honesty and integ-
rity of Clarke as an employ^ and clerk ; that
every ordinary and reasonable precaution was
exercised by memorialist to secure and pre-
serve the public funds, and to recover all that
remained m the possession of Clarke at the
time of his arrest. The character of Clarke
previous to this robbery was above suspicion,
and his employment in the mint was recom-
mended by the best citizens and men of busi-
ness in Denver City. The committee, there-
fore, recommend the relief sought for by the
memorialist; that he be credited with the sum
of §4,419 90 stolen by Clarke and never recov-
ered from him ; and to that end report the
accompanying joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hold in rfiy hand letters
from the former Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Chase, from General Spinner, the Treasurer
of the United States, and from the Director of
the Mint at Philadelphia, all having the effect,
I think, of showing that this bill ought to be
passed. If there is no objection to the bill I
will not consume the time of the House by read-
ing these letters, but will call the previous ques-
tion upon the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ALLISON. From the reading of this
report it seems to me that this is a case which
was here last year.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; the same bill.
Mr. ALLISON. If 1 understand correctly
the proposition, it is to relieve an officer charged
with the safe-keeping of public money from his
liability, because one of the clerks in his em-
ploy has abstracted or stolen a portion of that
money. I understand my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to admit that this is the prop-
osition. Now, I submit to the gentleman, who
is remarkably economical in regard to appropri-
ations made by Congress, that this proposition,
if carried out, will open a very wide door for
the depletion of the Treasury and eveiy branch
of it. Therefore I shall be compelled to vote
against this proposition. It is the duty of a
public officer to see that the money intrusted
to his charge is faithfully cared for, and if it is
not eared for and protected he should bo held
accountable upon his bond to the Government
of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, this bill is
certainly not without a precedent in this House:
and I think where it is clearly established that
a public officer has exercised every reasonable
degree of care and prudence in the manage-
ment of funds placed under his care, and that
by agencies entirely beyond his control, with
no default on his part, his integrity remaining
unquestioned, loss has been sustained, that loss
ought not to fall upon him. I think there are
very few, if any, of the States of the Union
where a different rule prevails. A rule which
would hold a public officer responsible under
any and all circumstances for the loss of money
placed in his charge would render it impossible
to find honest and upright men to assume such
responsibility. A very distinguished gentle-
man connected with the Treasury of the United
States put the case to me in this way : " Sup-
pose you should hold me responsible for all the
funds placed under my charge, and without
any default upon my part, but after all possible
care and prudence, should hold me responsible
for every default of every subordinate under me.
Do you think that under such circumstances I
could be induced to hold the office an hour?"
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make a single
remark, with the consent of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand the matter,
this officer at Denver now asking to be re-
lieved ia an Assistant Treasurer of the United •
States, made such by law. Is he not?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes. sir.
Mr. ALLISON. If, then, this officer, hav-
ing the custody of the public funds, should be
relieved from this .special responsibility, it
would be setting a precedent which would
authorize us in relieving from responsibility the
Assistant Treasurer at the city of New York,
if ten, twenty, or fifty million dollars should,
without any fault on his part, be abstracted
from the Treasury by some subordinate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me say a word further.
This Mr. Lane, whom I have known for twenty-
five years, is a gentleman whose integrity is
beyond all question, and who, before assuming
this position, had acquired in various fiduciary
capacities the character of an unusually faith-
ful and prudent officer. After this robbery
had occurred Mr. Lane was continued in office
by three successive Secretaries of the Treasury,
Mr. Chase, Mr. Fessenden, and Mr. McCul-
loch. I think we could not present a stronger
authority on a question of this kind than the
opinion of such a gentleman as the Treasurer
of the United States, General Spinner. I will,
therefore, ask the Clerk to read a portion of
a letter from General Spinnor bearing on this
point. Where high officers of the Government,
having charge of the public money, believe it
proper, with a full knowledge of the facts, that
relief of this kind should be granted, I think
we need not fear that we shall set a dangerous
precedent by granting such relief.
The Clerk read as follows :
"While, with due regard for the traditions and
practice of the Department in like instances, I would
lecommcnd cmut'ul investigation of thecase, I would
also give it as my belief that Mr. I.ano faithfully per-
formed his duty and should bo released from the lia-
bility to which he is subjected by reason of the rob-
bery and of his bond with sureties to the United
States."
Mr. WELIvER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holjiax,] in first the
place, who appointed this employ6 whose prin-
cipal it is proposed to relieve from liability,
and in the next place, whether it is not the law
that these employ6s of treasurers and account-
ing officers are, if they abstract or appropriate
to their own use the public funds, liable to
prosecution under what is called the sub-Treas-
ury act.
Mr. HOLMAN. All these branch mints are
under the direction of the United States Mint
at the city of Philadelphia. These appoint-
ments are all made under the inspection and
under the control of that Mint; and I will say
here, and I think with propriety, that whatever
has been done in this matter as to the appoint-
ment of the other officers has been under the
approval of the Director of the Philadelphia
Mint. If necessary, I will have his letter read.
I yield for a few minutes to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. LAWRENCE,, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I know the power which the report of a com-
mittee has in this House, and I have but little
hope that I shall be able to defeat the passage
of this joint resolution. But I wish to call the
attention of the House to the precedent which
wiil be established if this resolution passes.
Why are we asked to pass this joint resolution ?
Because by the principles of the common law
this officer is responsible to the Government.
We are asked to subvert a principle of the com-
mon law to relieve him from liability.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will excuse
me if I do not yield to a discussion of the gen-
eral principles involved in this resolution.' If
he has anything to say that is pertinent to this
particular case I will yield to him for that pur-
pose. Other gentlemen arc pressing for the
floor to submit other reports.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope I shall
have another opportunity to be heard on this
extraordinary proposition.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say a single
word in vindication of the action of the com-
mittee in this matter. The principle upon
which the committee has decided this question
il has been solemnly considered in the Supreme
