1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SHANKS and Mr. HOLM AN demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 28, nays 107. not voting
59 ; ns follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Bailey, Banks, Boutwell,
fyke. Churchill, Cornell, Dixon,£)riggs, Eckley, Eliot,
Hardin#, Iliecby, Jonckes, Maliory* Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead. Myers, O'Neill. Perham, Plants, Pomcroy,
Sliding, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, William
B. AVufjhburn, and Woodbridge—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer, Delos
K. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Bcattv, Beck. Ben-
jititin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Boles, Boyer,
TJromwell, Buckland, Hodcrick It. Butler, Gary,
Cobb. Coburn, Covode, Onllom, Donnelly, Egglcston,
F!a, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield,
Getz, Goilartay, Gravely, (jriswold, Grover, Haight,
IJawkint-., Hinds, Holman, Hotchki.^s, Chesrer D.
Hubbard. Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson. Jones,
Julian. Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, George V. Law-
ieu<;e, William Lawience, Loan, Loughiidge, Lynch,
Mnrvin, Mayncud, McCarthy, McClurg, MeCormick,
McKce. Morrell, Mullins, Mungen, Neweomb, Nib-
lack, Ortli, Paine, Pike, Pile, Polsley, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Ilaum, llootd, Itosa, Sawyer, Scofivld, Shanks,
Shcllabarger, Sitgreaves. Smith, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Stone, TafFe,Taylor, Thomas, Law-
ience S. Tumble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Van Aukcn.Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
an Trumr>. Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Fjihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
\v iJUam Wiliams, James.'F. Wilson, Johu T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodward—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames James M.
Ashley, Baldwin. Barnum, Beaman, Blair, Brooks,
Broomall, Burr, BenjaoiinF. Butler,Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Dawes, Delano,
Bodge, fields, kinney, Fox, GMossbrenner, llalsey.
Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W.Hubbard,Richard
D. Hubbard. Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Kelley, Kel-
sey. Knott, Koontz,Lallin, Lincoln, Logan,Marshall,
McOuMough, Moore, Morrissey, Nicholson, Nunn,
1 etcrs, Phelps, Poland, Price, Robertson, Robinson,
ochenck. Selye. Taber, John Trimble. Twichell,
Ward, Thomas Williams, Windom. and Wood—59.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
the table was not agreed to.
t Mr. GARFIELD. I move that tbe resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means ; and upou that motion I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman accept
a modification of the resolution, and instruct
the committee to report forthwith?
Mr. COBB. To report at any time.
The SPEAKER. By the rules they have a
right to report at any time for commitment.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered upon the mo-
tion to refer.
Mr. HOLMAN, and Mr. BUTLER of Mas-
sachusetts, culled for the yeas and nays on the
motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WOODWARD. Is it in order to make
a parliamentary inquiry ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer a
parliamentary inquiry.
Mr. WOODWARD. This is a resolution
of instructions.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WOODWARD. What will be the effect
of referring such a resolution to the Committee
of' Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. The effect will be to refer
it without instructions. By a parity of reason-
ing, as the gentleman will see, when a bill is
introduced appropriating $100,000 to a person,
it it is agreed to by the House it becomes so
fur a law; but if it is merely referred to a com-
mittee it is referred without instructions. This
resolution is not more mandatory than a bill
would be.
Mr. ALLTSON. In what condition will this
resolution be if the motion to refer is not
agreed to?
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under the previous question. If the motion to
refer is not agreed to the question will then be
upon adoptingor rejecting the resolution. The
previous question does not exhaust itself upon
the motion to refer, if that motion is not
agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
Chair if it is not evidently the object of gen-
tlemen to kill this resolution by rel'erringit?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
3589
Mr. ALLISON. The committee can report
at any time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Every-
body knows they will not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered;
and upon that I call the yeas and nays. That
will be a test question.
Mr. ALLISON. It is no test question at all.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirteen in the
affi rmative.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were fourteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, the
affirmative not being one fifth of the last vote.
rJ he question was then taken upon recon-
sidering the vote by which the main question
was ordered ; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Garfield, to refer the resolution to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The question was taken; and ifc was decided
in the negative—yeas CI, nays 80, not vot.ug
Do : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. 4.1 lison, Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
Baldwin, Beatfy, Bukhara, Blaine, Boutwell, Cake,
Churchill, Cornell, Delano, Dixon, Drig?s, Eckley,
Eliot, Perries, Garfield, GnswoJd, Halsey, Higby,
Hooper, Hulburd, Jonckes, Ketcham, Loan, Lynch,
Maliory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, Mercur, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Msers, O'Neill, Paine, Perham,
Peteis. Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Sawyer,
Shellabarsrcr, Sitgreavcs, Smith, Spalding-, Stark-
weather, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Cadwalader C. "Washburn, Ehhu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn. Thomas Williams, James P.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—01.
NAYS—Messrs. Adauis, Anderson.'Archer, Delos
It. Ashley, Baker, Barnes, Beek, Benton, Boles,
Boyer, Buckland, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cnry, Sidney Clarke, C"bb, Coburn, Covode,
Cullom, Donnellv, Eggleston, EU, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Get'/., Collnday. Gravely, Grover,
llaight, Hawkins, Iimds, llolman, Hotchkiss. Ches-
ter!), liubbard, Humphrey. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kerr, Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Logan^Louehridge, Marshall, McClurg, Me-
Cormick, MeKcc.MungeD, Neweomb. Jw black, Orth,
Pike, Polsley, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Roots, lioss,
Scofield, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Stone, Taylor. Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Aukcn, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Ilorn, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
William Williams, John T.Wilson, Windom, and
Woodward—SO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Banks, Barnum, Boaman. Benjamin. Blair, Brom-
wel). Brooks, Broomall, Burr. Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Cook, Dawes, Dodge, luelds, Finney, Fox,
Glosabrcnuer, Harding, Hill, Hopkins, Asahel W,
Hubbard, Richard 1>. ITuhbard, Huntev, Tngersoll,
Judd, KoUry, Kelsey, Knott, Koontz, Lallin, Lin-
coln, McCullough, Moore, Morrell, Morrissey, Mul-
lins, Nicholson, Nunn, Phelps, Pile, Robertson,
Robinson, Schcnck, Selve, Thaddeus Stevens, Taber,
Taffc, John Trimble, Ward, and Wood—53.
So the motion to refer the resolution to
the Committee of Ways and Means was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
PIKE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would suggest that the :
tax on these bonds be made one hundred per
cent. That will fill our Treasury still more j
rapidly. i
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The tax j
which thu resolution proposes is the same that <
the English Government imposes on its bonds. •
Mr. BLAINE. Why not improve on the !
English example and make the tax iifty per .
cent., taking one half? i
Mr. COBB. I object to debate. }
The question was taken on agreeing to the !
resolution j and it was decided in the affirma- 1
tive—yeas 02, nays 54, not voting 48; as i
follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, ;
Bingham, Boles, Boyer, Buckland, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cary, Sidney Olaike,
Cobb. Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Donnelly,
Eggleston, ISfa, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferris, Ferry,
Getz, Golladay, Gravely, Graver, IJnight, Hawkins,
Hinds, llolman, Hotclikiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Humphrey. Ingcrcoli; Johnson. Jones, Julian, Kerr,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Losran,
Loughridse, Marshal 1, McClurg, McCormiek.MeKee,
Mercur, Mullins, Mangen,Newcomb, Niblack, Orth,
Phelps, Pike, Poldley, Pruyn, Randall. Raum, Rob-
inson, Roots, Ross, iScofield, Shanks, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taffc, Taylor,
lnomas, Lawienee S. Trimble, Van Auken, Burt
Van Horn, Robert-T. Van Horn.Van Trump, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
IXWashourn. Welker, William Williams, John T.
vvnson, Stepuea F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
ward— 92.-
Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Blaine, Boutwell, Broin-
weU, CaKe, Delano, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot,
Gariield,Gj-isw<>ld, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hooper,
Hulburd, Jenckes, Kelsey. Loan, Lynch, Maliory,
Marvin.Maynard, Miller, Moorhead, Myers, O'JN eill,
Paine, Perham. Plants, Poland, Pomeroy. Price,
Sawyer, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,
Staikvveathcr, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson. Van
Aernam, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F. Witeon, and Woodbridge—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Barnum, Beaman, Blair, Brooks Broomall, Purr,
Chanler. Churchill, ReaderW. Clarke, Cook,Dawes,
Dodge, Fields, Finney, Fox.GJossbrenner, Hill, Hop-
kins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Ilunter, Judd, Kelley, Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott,
Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, McCarthy. McCullough,
Moore. Morrell,Morrissey, Nicholson, Nunn. Peters,
Pile, Robertson. Schenck, Selye, Thaddeus Stevens,
John Trimble, Van Wyck, Ward, and Wood—-IS.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to have the
resolution reconsidered, that it may be amended
so as to provide that the tax on interest arising
from the bonds may be in lieu of the income
tax, and be the same as the tax on private
securities.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeasand nays
on laying on the table the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
RECONSTRUCTION EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, asking a further appro-
priation of $5,000 for reconstruction purposes
in the third military district, recommended by
Major General Meade; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
SIOLTX INDIANS.
The SPE A I\ ER. by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
relative to Indian affairs in the central super-
intendency, and the immediate necessity of an
appropriation to carry out treaty stipulations
with certain Sioux Indians: which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. Mclvcc was granted leave of absence
for ten days after to-morrow.
Mr. Y.oc Wyck and Mr. Pruyx were granted
leave of absence indefinitely.
Mr. Robixsox was granted leave of absence
on account of ill health.
EXPOKTAXIOX OF 11UM.
Mr. BUTLER; of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer a joluliTSoiution, to cuirect a mistake
in a bill which passed the House and Senate
the other dci}r. The mistake was discovered by
the chairman of the Committee on Enrolled
Dills. I ask leave to make an explanation.
It is a joint resolution (H. R. No. 318) to cor-
rect an act entitled "An act for the relief of
certain exporters of rum/5
The joint resolution was read. It provides
tliat the word "ana ' where it occurs in said
act after the word "export" and before the
words " actually contracted for'f be changed
to "or:"' so it will read, when corrected, "inj
tended for export or actually contracted for.'
Mr. HOLMAN. That seems to be clerical
error.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
