THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
future ages than that I gave my vote against
him 011 this article; nor do I think myself ca-
pable of any act that would shed greater honor
op my posterity than thus to endeavor to vin-
dicate for them and their posterity the rights
of a free and independent people governing
themselves within the limits of their own free
Constitution.
OPINION
OF
HON. JAMES W. PATTERSON,
#  
We h£ve been brought to a new illustration
and test of our institutions. The responsibility
of the Chief Magistrate to the people and their
power to remove him from his place, if faithless
and treacherous to his high trusts, are on trial
in the Senate. If before civil order is restored
and the animosities of war allayed the temper
of forty millions of people shall be self-con-
trolled ; if the Currents of business are unin-
terrupted and society discharges its ordinary
functions without disorder, as the case passes
to its final issue of conviction or acquittal, it
will not only prove the capacity of the people
for self-government, but will reassure the
strength and stability of the Republic, it
will be a triumph of popular institutions which
must unsettle the foundations of arbitrary
power, and hasten the establishment of free
governments.
The first of the articles exhibited by the
House of Representatives against the Presi-
dent of the United States, charges a violation
of the Constitution of the Uuited States, and
of an act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices, passed March 2, 18C7, in the
issuance of "an order, in writing, for the re-
moval of Edwin M. Stanton from the office of
Secretary for the Department of War."
It is alleged that this was done contrary to
the provisions of the Constitution, and with the
intent to violate the act above named, and was,
therefore, a high misdemeanor, for which lie
should be removed from office.
First, was it a violation of the Constitution ?
An unlimited power of removal from office
cannot, I think, belong to the President by force
of the Constitution. There certainly is no word
in that instrument which confers any such au-
thority directly. It says "the executive power
shall be vested in a President of the United
States of America," but that power is limited
by the letter of the Constitution, and by direct
grants of power to other departments of the Gov-
ernment. If the Executive possesses the right
of removal in the ease of officers appointed by
the coordinate action of himself and the Senate,
it must be by implication.
The Constitution says the President " shall
nominate, and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appoint," &c. Now, the
right to remove cannot be drawn from the right
to nominate, and if it comes from the right to
appoint, then it exists conjointly in the Presi-
dent and Senate.
There is an objection to this doctrine, how-
ever, more fundamental. We cannot by infer-
ence lodge in the President a power which
would enable him to destroy another power
vested expressly in the legislative branch of the
Government. The Constitution coordinates
the Senate with the President in the appoint-
ment of the higher officials. Hamilton, in
speaking of this, says:
" It would be an excellent, check upon a spirit of
favoritism in the President, and would tend greatly
to prevent the appointment of unfit characters from
State prejudice, from family connection, from per-
sonal attachment, or from a view to popularity. In
addition to this, it would be an efficacious source of
stability in the Administration."
But it will be readily seen that if the Presi-
dent has the right to remove and make " ad in-
terim.' ' appointments at pleasure, the coordinate
function of the Senate in appointments may
become a nullity, and the purpose of the Con-
stitution be defeated. It destroys at one blow
this great safeguard against usurpation and
maladministration in the Executive.
Without delaying to discuss this subject
further, I simply say, that to my Blind a nat-
ural interpretation of the Constitution would
give the appointing and removing power to the
same parties.
But the acts of 1789 and 1795 gave a legisla-
tive construction adverse to this view, and
whether these acts are repealed or not, if it
can be shown that the President Tdolated no
law in the removal of Mr. Stanton it would be
clearly unjust to impeach him for having
conformed to a legislative construction of the
Constitution unquestioned for fifty years against
the views and wishes of the majority of Con-
gress. So heavy a judgrae t should not fall
upon the Chief Magistrate for having followed
an exposition of the fundamental law, author-
ized by solemn enactment, and supported by
some of the ablest among the earlier statesmen
of the Republic.
The second allegation in the article is a vio-
lation of law in the removal of Mr. Stanton.
The respondent urges a threefold defense
against this charge:
First. That the non-execution of the act of
March 2, 1867, " regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices," was not a breach of execu-
tive trusts, as the law was unconstitutional and
void.
Second. That a denial of the validity of the
act and an intentional disregard of its provis-
ions in order to bring the statute into court
and test its constitutionality is not an impeach-
able offense.
Third. That the language of the statute does
not include Mr. Stanton, and hence his re-
moval was no violation of law.
Whether the President had or had not a
constitutional right to remove at pleasure offi-
cers confirmed by the Senate was the theme of
the great debate in 1789 upon the establish-
ment of the State Department. It was purely
a question of interpretation, and was argued
upon both sides by lawyers of unsurpassed
ability. Even the great statesmen who had
been master spirits in the constitutional Con-
vention, and whose genius had passed largely
into the framework of the Government, entered
the lists and battled earnestly on either §ide.
When the Constitution was before the State
conventions for adoption the Federalist ex-
pressly denied this right to the Executive, but
the Congress of 1789 reversed that interpreta-
tion which had received the popular approval
by a close vote of thirty-four to twenty in the
House and by the casting vote of the Vice
President in the Senate. It is believed that
the character of Washington, then Chief Magis-
trate, largely influenced the result, and states-
men as patriotic and enlightened as any who
took part in the deliberations of the First Con-
gress have since deprecated a construction
which they believe a hazardous and unwar-
ranted change of the Constitution.
In 18u5, a committee of Congress, composed
of such men as Calhoun, Webster, and Benton,
reported a bill designed to limit the abuse of
executive patronage, and requiring the Presi-
dent in all cases of removal to state the reasons
thereof. In the debate, Mr. Clay spoke as
follows:
"It is leji;i>lative authority which ercat.es the office,
defines its duties, And may prescribe its duration.
I speak, of course, of offices not created by the Con-
stitution, but the law. 'l'he office coming into exist-
ence by the wilt of Congress, the same will may pro-
vide how and in what manner the office and officer
shall cease to exist. It may direct the conditions on
which he shall hold the office, and when and how he
shall be dismissed.
"It would be unreasonable to contcnd that, al-
though Congress, in pursuance of the public sood,
brings the oflice and the otScorinto being, and assign
their purposes, yet the President has a control o\ cr
the officer which Congress cannot reach and regulate."
* * * "The precedent of 1789 was estab-
lished in the House of Representatives against the
opinion of a large and able minority, and in the Sen-
ate by tho casting vote ot' the Vice President, John
Adams, ft is impossible to road the debate which it
occasioned without being impressed with the con-
viction that the just confidence reposed in the Father
of his Country, then at the head of the Government,
had great, if not decisive, influence in establishing
it. It has never, prior to the commencement of the
present administration, been submitted to the pro-
cess uf review." * -1 * "No one can
carefully examine the debate in theHouse of Kepre-
sentatives in -1789 without being struck with„the su-
periority of theargumenton the side ofthe minority,
ana the unsatisfactory nature of that of fchejnajorifcy."
The language of Mr, Webster was. not less
explicit or emphatic: . ' ^
"I think, then, sir, that the power of-appomfcfflenfe
naturally and necessarily includes the power,of re-
moval, where no limitation is, expressed, nor any
tenure but that at will declared. ,The poT?er of ap-
pointment being conferred oft the President* aiid Sen-
ate, I think the power of removal went along -with
it, and should have been regardedcas apart of it and
exercised by the same hands. I think fcheXegisla.-
ture possesses the power'cif regulating the condition!
duration, qualification, and tenure of office in alt
cases where the Constitution has made no express
provision on the subject. I 'am, therefore, of opin-
ion that it is competent for Cbngress'to decide by law,
as one qualification of the tenure of office, that th9
incumbent shall remain in place till the President
shall remove him, for reasons to be stated to the Sen- «
ate. And I am of opinion that this qualification;
mild and gentle as it.is, will have some effect in
arresting the evils which beset the progress of the
Government and seriously threaten its future pros-
perity." ******$«!!£
"After considering the question again and again
within the last six years, I am willing to say that, in
my deliberate judgment, the original decision was
wrong. I cannot but think that those who denied
the power of 1789 had the best of the argument. Xt
appears to me, after thorough and repeated and con-
scientious examination, that'an erroneous interpre-
tation was given to the Constitution in this respect by
the decision of tho First Congress."
"I have the clearest conviction that they [the Con-
vention] looked to no other mode of displacing an
otliecr than by impeachment or the regular appoint-
ment of another person to the same place."
" I believe it to be within the just power ef Con-
gress to reverse the decision of 1789, and I mean to
hold myself at liberty to act hereafter upon that
question as the safety of the Government and of the
Constitution may require."
Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Ewing were equally
positive in their advocacy of the bill, and Mar-
shall, Kent, and Story seem to have entertained
similar views in respect to the original intent
of the Constitution.
But there has been a conflict of legislative
constructions as well as of' individual opinions
upon this subject. Subsequent Congresses have
claimed and exercised, without the obstruc-
tion of an executive veto, the power to regulate
the tenure of office, both civil and military.
A law of February 25, 18C3, provides that
the Comptroller of the Currency " shall hold
his office for the term of five years unless sooner
removed by the President by and with the
advice and consent of the. Senate."
By section five of an act of July 13,1806, it is
provided that—
" No officer in the military or naval service shall
in time of peace be dismissedfrom service except ttpon
cind. in pursuance of the sentence of a cmtrt-martiai, to
that eflect or in commutation thereof."
These are lateacts, but they are only instances
of other similar acts scattered through our stat-
utes, whose validity has never been questioned.
There is, therefore, no decision of the Supreme
Court or settled precedent of legislation which
can bar the right of Congress to regulate by
law both appointments to and removals from
office. Never until now, so far as I know, has
the right been questioned. Whatever differ-
ences of opinion legislators may have enter-
tained in respect to the original grant of power,
all have acquiesced in the exercise of legisla-
tive authority over the tenure of office.
Hence the claim of the President of a judi-
cial right t,o settle ex cathedra the constitution-
ality of a law upon this subject is inadmissible
and subversive of the powers anil independ-
ence of a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment. In a clear case of a legislative usurp-
ation of his constitutional prerogatives, such as
would occur in an effort to destroy his veto or
pardoning power, he might be justified in treat-
ing the act as a nullity, but not when Congress
moves in the path of authoritative precedents,
and where, at most, only a doubt can be raised
against its original right of its jurisdiction.
At an earlier period I apprehend such a
claim would not. have been advanced. Civil
war naturally tends to concentrate power in
the chief who administers it. Forces and re-
sources must be at his disposal. Defeat waitt
upon the commander who is hampered by the
