3590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
make a statement. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
state exactly what the matter is. There was
a bill passed 
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my objection.
I did not understand it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 'I reserve the right
to object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
make a statement, and then any one can object
who wants to. The bill passed the House and
Senate for the relief of merchants who had oil
hand or contracted for rum for exportation,
but in the course of the passage of the bill the
'" or" got changed to "and." By the change
of the word "or" to f'and" it requires the
rum shall not only have been distilled but con-
tracted for exportation before the lltli of Jan-
uary. That renders the bill nugatory. It is
not worth the parchment on which it is written.
The mistake was discovered by the chairman
of the Committee on Enrolled Bills, [Mr.
Holmax,] but it was then too late to correct it,
except in the way now proposed. It does not
open the door to any fraud whatever, but only
makes the bill what it was intended to be when
it was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It ought to be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
to that reference.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. 1I0LMA.N. I wish to say that the mis-
take was not in the enrollment of the bill, but
occurred before that time.
DEFICIENCY APPROPTtTATION till.I,.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I report
from the Committee on Appropriations a bill
(II. It. No. 1341) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 18(i8, and for other purposes,
and to move that the bill be made a special
order for Thursday next.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If that bill contains any
appropriation for extra compensation for clerks
in the Departments I must object.
The SPEAKER The rules in regard to
the appropriation bills allow them to include
contingencies for carrying on the various
Departments of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Having
said that, sir, let me inform the gentleman it
does not include any such appropriation.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Cliair will state for
the information of the House that the one
hundred and twentieth rule, which authorizes
contingencies for carrying on the several De-
partments of the Government to be inserted
in appropriation bills, has been decided, as
will be found on page 14 of the Digest, not
only permits amendments increasing salaries,
but was framed for that purpose. That in the
Digest is the historical comment on the rule.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve any point of
order that may properly be made in Commit-
tee of the "Whole against any item in the bill.
The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be printed, and
made the special order for Thursday next after
the morning- hour, and from day to day until
disposed of.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. OltTII. I call for the regular order.
The House accordingly resumed the regular
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 104G) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works, and j
for other purposes. The pending question was \
on the amendment of Mr. Baker, to insert the !
following: j
For improvement of harbor of Alton, Illinois, ;
$56,000. ;
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on ;
the amendment. J
The amendment was disagreed to. j
Mr. MAYNARD. In behalf of the delega- I
tion from my State I propose to insert the fol-
lowing:
For improvement of tho Tennessee river according
to tho report ot the survey mode in compliance with
the provision of tho act of March 2 1807, and the
recommendation of the chief of engineers, £015.000.
1 ask the attention of the House white I say
a word on this amendment. It is offered by
the united delegation from the State of Ten-
nessee, the other partions of the country inter-
ested in this amendment not being at present
represented. The Tennessee river is the sixth
on the North American continent; the fourth
within the limits of the United States; and,
reckoned with its affluents and confluents,
the third in extent of its navigation. It is
obstructed at the Muscle shoals in northern
Alabama. The portion of the river which lies
above these shoals drains eastern Tennessee,
a portion of eastern Kentucky, southwestern
Virginia, western North Carolina, and the
northern part of Gporgia. The attention of
Congress was early directed to this obstruction
in the commerce of that vast and fertile region
of country. More than forty j ears ago, under
an act passed the 80th of April, 1824, a survey
was made and a report was published by Gen-
eral Bernard, a copy of which I hold in my
hand. The report concludes as follows :
"1. Were tho Tennesseetobemadenavigablcfrom
Waterloo to Brown's ferry, steamboats throughout
the year, or at least eight months out of twelve,
would bo able to navigate tho liver from its mouth
to the Suck: that is to say. lor a distance ot more
than four hundrcdmtles. During the boatingseason
and by moans of improvements at some places,
steamboats might ascend as far as King-ton, and
even Knoxvi Ho, about eighteen miles above the Suck.
4,2. Exclusively of the \ alleys of the UoUton and
French Broad, the extent of country watered by t lie
Tennessee and tributaries may be reckoned at twen-
ty-four thousand square mites, and its population
(census of 1820) at two hundred and eighty thousand
inhabitants. The fertility of the soil, which is gen-
erally a lich limestone clay, and tho heal tljincss of
tho climate, insure, in time,to these districts aiapid
increa.se of hardy population.
"3. Cotton, hemp, tobacco, and grain of every kind
may be deemed the mam articles of cultivation;
wine and silk have a fair prospect of succeeding;
iron, lead, coal, gypsum, and salt are the minerals
found in the valley of the Tennessee and its upper
branches, the liolston and French liioad. To this
groat and rich vaiiety of products which, in the pres-
ent state ot navigation, cannot conveniently find a
market, must be added valuable timber ot vaiious
descriptions, which wouldbeoomc an article of exten-
sive trade.
'* 4. The transportation of these valuable articles of
trade i& now made in unwieldy flat-boats, which can
descend the stream but at tho period of freshets.
Duiing the remainder of tho year, and more espe-
cially lor the districts above the Muscle shoals, the
access to any market is entiiely interdicted; and
while tho population cannot take advantage of the
fluctuationof piice in the maikcfc their products are
exposed during transpoi tation to all the extra ex-
penses, looses, deteriorations, and delays inseparable
from a tedious and difficult navigation. Conse-
quently these products are virtually of much less
value than they would be should the main obstiuc-
tions of the river be removed.
"5. A convenient navigation by facilitating tho ex-
portation would not only cause an increase of prod-
ucts but. also aftoid to the inhabitants the means
ot.piocuring in exchange the articles raised or man-
ufactured in other sections of country; and these
articles, by becoming cheaper on account of a less
expensivo transportation, would fall to a price ac-
cessible to a greater number of consumers. At this
timcthe impuilsiuto these districts are chiefly made
by wagons coming from Nashville, and even, when
the Ohio is not navigable, from Baltimore and Phil-
adelphia. Hencc it is easy to anticipate how much
of tho expense of such transportation must add to
the original cost of the articles ; but in order to be
more precise on this point, we beg leave to submit
here the statement made in 18-6, in the very able
report of the commissioners appointed by the States
of Tennessee and Alabama to examine the Mu>cic
shoals.
^"According to said report the transportation from
Nashville to Knoxville amounts to fifty dollars per
ton; the same weight might be transported from
Florence to Knoxville (were the Muscle shoals im-
proved) for liiteon dollars, to which adding five dol-
lars for toll, would make the whole cost twenty dollars,
and consequently produco an cconomy ot Unity dol-
lars per ton. Again, the averageireicht in steamboat
from New Orleans to Florence is stated to betwenty-
five dollars per ton, from which we infer that by add-
ing to it the twenty dollars for transportation fiom
Florence to Knoxville, forty-fne dollars would be
the cost of transportation of a ton from New Orleans
to Knoxville; that is to say, five dollars Je>s than the
actual cost of transportation in wagon from Nash-
ville to Knoxville. Therefore, were the Tennessee
improved, tiie fiansportation fiom New Orleans to
Knoxville would cost le&s than irom Nashville to
Jv noxvilio.
"6. No section of country is better provided than ,,
this with n umerous and copious never-failing streams, U
as also with abundance of fuel. None possesses more
extensive means to associate agricultural with man-
ufacturing industry; and by ceasing to remain land-
locked these districts would acquire a cheap ftnd
commodious communication not only wiffi the Gulf
of Mexico, but also with the States bordering on tho
Mississippi and Ohio. They would therefore parti-
cipate in the benefits derived from external and in-
ternal commerce, and contribute their share to the
national advantages arising Irom these two great
sources of wealth and revenue.
" 7. The country between the Shenandoah and the
Holston is favorable to the location either of an easy
road or ol a railroad. Tlicdistance from Port Repub-
lic, head of navigation on theformer stream, to Knox-
ville. would bo about three hundred and sixty miles.
In thisdirectionrunsone of the routes examined lor a
national road from Washington to New Orleans.
Should this route be adopted, and the Tennessee
improved, the Chesapeake would become connected
by water with the Gulf of Mexico, with the excep-
tion ot tho above land communication. Such a con-
nection would be highly beneficial to those rich and
fertile districts lying between the Shenandoah and
the liolston.
"8. l>y improving the Tennessee, at the Muscle
shoals, the northern parts of Alabama will be open
to trade with the States situated on the Ohio and
tributatie-. Tho auioles of such trade will then
be brought into fair competition with those of the
same kind raised in East Tennessee.
"9. While theimprovement contemplated will cause
an increase of exports and imports, encourage tho
production and afford cheapness to the consumer,
this section of country will become provided with
many articles of necessity and extensive use, whose
expense of freight amountsnow nearly to prohibition.
Among these is salt, which is sold at the price of
$130 the bushel; this price would fall one third were
it possible to import this articlc from 2s ew Orleans.
"10. Should a safe and commodious navigation be
obtained at the Muscle and Colbert's shoals, the
value of public and landed properties of North Ala-
bama and East Tennessee would necessarily be raised
on account both of increase of trade and facility of
exportation.
"11. Finally, the great military advantage which
has been pointed out by the board in their reports
on a national road from Washington city to New
Oilcans, in relation to a route through Tennessee,
can be with equal force applied to a commodious
navigation from Knoxville to the Mississippi. In-
deed, through this water communication the States
on the Gult of Mcxico might, in case of foreign
aggression orinternal disturbances,receive a prompt
and powerful relief from the hardy and dense popu-
lation of Tennessee. Tbi3 consideration will acquirc
a great weight on reflecting that the black popula-
tion of tho«o States is daily increasing; and that
having on the Gulf no haibor for men-of-war of the
first rate, our Navy will bo unable to afFoid to this
section of our maritime frontier the same high degree
of piotcction which she can lend to our coast on the
Atlantic."
The then President of the United States, Mr.
Adams, in his third annual message to Con-
gress, made the following recommendation on
that subject:
" All the officers of both corps of engineers, with
several other persons duly qualified, have been con-
stantly employed upon these services from the pas-
sage of the act of the dOth Aplil. 1824, to this time.
Were no other advantage to accrue to the country
from their labors than the fund of the topograph-
ical knowledge which they have collected and com-
municated, that alone would have been a profit to
the Union more than adequate to alithe expenditures
which have been devoted to the*objeet; but the ap-
propriations for the repair and continuation of the
Cumbeiland road, for the construction of various
other roads, for the removal ot obstructions from tho
rivers and harbors, for the erection of lighl-houaes.
beacons, piers, and buoys, and for the completion of
canals undertaken by individual associations, but
needing the assistance ot means and resources more
comprehensive than individual enterprise can com-
mand, maybe considered rather as treasures laid up
from the contributions of the present ngeior theben-
fitof posterity than as unrequited a implications of the
accruing revenues of the nation. To such objects of
permancntimprovcmenttothccondition ol thecoun-
try, of real addition to the wealth as well as to the com-
fort of the people, by whose authority and resources
they have been effected, from three to four million
of the annual income of the nation have, by laws
enacted at the three first sessions of Congress, been
applied without intrenching upon the necessities of
the Treasury, without adding a dollar to the taxes or
debts of the community; without suspending even the
steady and regulurdischarge of tho debts contractcd
in former days, which, within the same three years,
have boon diminished by the amount of nearly six-
teen million dollars.
Four hundred thousand acres of land were
appropriated for this work. It was under-
taken and prosecuted with success until a gen-
eral change took place in the policy of the
Government on the subject of internal im-
provements. Subsequently, during the admin-
istration of Mr. Fillmore, S50,000 were appro-
priated, to be expended between Knoxville atid
Chattanooga under the direction of the War
Department, and the immediate supervision of
a board of commissioners, of whom Governor
Brownlow was one. Under this appropriation
