1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
much valuable assistance was afforded to the
navigation of that portion af the river; and
the works then erected remain to this day in
attestation of the wise economy which devoted
this sum to their prosecution. The last Con-
gress made an appropriation to have this por-
tion of the river resurveyed. That work was
done, and a report was submitted to the House
in the latter part of March, and was printed on
the 30th April, too late to have it considered
by the Committee on Commerce so as to be
reported in this bill. I ask the attention of the
House to a portion of that report, which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The total amount which I recommend to be appro-
priated for the fiscal year ending June 30. 1869, for
the improvement of the Tennessee river, is there-
fore $005,000, and for the survey above mentioned,
$10,000.
"In addition tothemany good reasons given in the
appended report for making the improvement at
this time, and to those which have been given by the
many able men who have reported on this subject
during the last forty years, there occurs tome that
not only would a work be done which should have
been done years ago, but which would have repaid
the Government a large interest, but that it would
be the means of giving a po verty-btricken community
an opportunity to recover from the disastrous effects
of a war, and give employment to a large class of
deserving people who are said to be out of employ-
ment.
4* I am perfectly confident that if the distinguished
soldiers who commanded our armies operating along
the line of this river, during the late war, would be
called upon to testify in this matter, that it would be
found that enough money would have been saved to
the quartermaster's department by an improved
river, in one campaign, to have trebly paid the ex-
pense of doing the work."
Mr, MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, when it
was known that this examination had been
made the people in that part of the country
revived their former interest in the work. They
assembled in conventions and prepared numer-
ously signed petitions to Congress; they have
sent delegations here, and are more deeply
interested in this improvement than in any
other industrial question that has engaged their
attention for years. I ask the attention of the
House to an extract from one of these peti-
tions:
"Recently a survey and estimate of the cost of
removing ob>truci'ionsand completing the unfinished
canal at tbe Muscle shoals has been made m com-
pliance with an act of Congress, by which it was as-
certained that the work on the canal at the Muscle
shoals, perlormed thirty-four years ago, is now in a
state of almost perfect preservation, and by reference
to the icportitmay bosecn thatcertain obstructions
may be removed, anc^thatsaid canal may be carried
on to completion, and thereby establish for eight
months in tbe year a navigation from the mouth of
the river to Knoxville for less than $800,000, and that
the liver can be rendered permanently navigable for
the entire > car has been iully demonstrated by the
survey.
" The Tennessee river is among the forty-six prin-
cipal navigable streams of North America, the sixth
in importance. It is, with its tributaries, more than
three thousand miles in length, of which eight hun-
dred miles are navigable, and with the improve-
ments we ask for thirteen hundred miles in addition
can be rendered navigable. It drains one hundred
counties (situated in the eight States ofNorth Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Virginia, Tennessee, Alabama,
Mississippi, Georgia, and Kentucky) with an area
ot fifty-live thousand nine hundred and sixty square
miles, which now supports a population of one mil-
lion seven thousand two hundred and ninety-six, as
by eensusol I860. # It traverses aseciion unsurpassed
in the fertility of its soil, salubrity ofits climate,and
variety of its agricultural and mineral productions,
by those of any other part of the United States. It
presents to you in addition to these other reasons why
it appeals to you for assistance. It is surrounded in
a great measure by a cordon of mountain ranges, the
wealth and resources of which are but partially de-
veloped. These mountain ranges eontainfcoal fields
and beds of iron ore more extensive and as valua-
ble as those of Pennsylvania. The beds of iron ore
lie contiguous to the coal, affording ready facilities
for producing yearly as much iron as that now pro-
duced in the whole United States. Mines of copper
upon ifs tributaries rank third in the productiou of
the United States. Limestone^sandstone, grit stone,
and marble exist in quantities and qualities ex-
ceeded by no other section. Zinc, lead, salt, and
petroleum are found. This river drains a section,
almost every acre of which is capable of thehighest
state of cultivation. Three fourths of the surface is
in a state of nature, and covered with large-sized
trees of thosckinds most used for manufacturing pur-
poses. Its water-powers are not equaled by those
of any other portion of the United States, combining
advantages for manufacturing equal to any other
section of the United States. Its ccntral.position;
its temperate climate the proximity of the cotton
States; the proximity of markets: the superabun-
dance of material; the number, excellcnce, and mag-
nitude of its water-powers; the fertility of its soil,
render it capable of being made the central manu-
facturing district of the United States, It,has ad-
vantages for the manufacture of iron not enjoyed by
any other portion of the United Stares. Lying con-
tiguous to many thousand square miles of coal fields,
inexhaustible bedb of iron ore are found. Thiscoal
is remarkably Iree from sulphur, and every other
material entering into the manufacture of iron is
abundant. all situated in a region of unbroken for-
ests. While nature has been so lavish in its gifts, it
has not granted the boon of cheap water transporta-
tion. The Tennessee river, this natural highway to
market, is cioscd by natural obstructions at Mu&cle
shoals. It is impossible to develop the natural re-
sources of this section except by the aid of water
transportation. Its wealth lies now almost entirely
undeveloped. The Government of the United States
is alone authorized to open this river, and theinter-
cstsof the commerce of the whole country demand
your speedy assistance."
The following letter has been addressed to
me by the Governor of Alabama :
Executive Department,
State op Alabama,
Montgomery, June o, 1868.
Sik : I take the liberty of addressing you upon the
subject of removing obstructions from the Tonnesseo
river so as to render that stream navigable from its
mouth to Knoxville, Tennessee. This is a question
of much importance to extensive sections of country,
and is of material interest tojourimmediate constit-
uents. It is taken for granted, of course, that you
lully appreciate the importance of this enterprise.
But inasmuch as the interest involved is widespread
—not being limited, by any means, to the length of
the river itself—I hope to be excused lor soliciting
your active cooperation in its behalf.
The Muscle shoals between Decatur and Florence,
Alabama, form the greatest obstacle to tho naviga-
tion of this stream. Around these shoals a canal was
constructed some tweuty-five or thirty years ago.
But it was never operated practically, except to a
limited extent, for the reason, mainly, that thelocks
of the canal were of such contracteddimenstons that
only very small boats could passthrough them. The
canal, however, is in a well preserved condition, and
with a proper enlargement of the locks it might eas-
ily be made available lor navigable purposes.
I presume that formal petitions have been pre-
sented to Congress praying an appropriation for the
purpose of opening the river to navigation.^ This
could be done with an amount of money which, to
the General Government, would be inconsiderable.
To that Government alone can we look for the open-
ing of the river, The buccess of this enterprise would
develop, incalculably, thecommercial, mineral, agri-
cultural, and other resources of the regions washed
by the river, and greatly contribute to the general
prosperity of the country. It is therefore earnestly
hoped that the necessary appropriation for the pur-
pose will be made by Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
K. M. PATTON,
Governor of Alabama.
Hon. Horace Maynaed, Washington, D. C.
I add a passage from a letter addressed to
me by some gentlemen of intelligence living
at Kingston, near the confluence of the Ten-
nessee river and the Clinch, one of its largest
tributaries:
"This subject is one of the greatest importance to
the whole of East Tennessee, and the people are look-
ing anxiously for you to use your utmost endeavors
to "have the river opened Irom Knoxville to the Ohio.
On this depend the wealth and luture prosperity of
the entire section, for, as you well know, it will be the
only really available means of transportation for the
vast amount of coal and iron with which East Ten-
nessee abounds, and if we can succeed in getting the
proper appropriations we can then offer such induce-
ments to capitalists and laborers to immigrate that
the now nearly uninhabited mountains and valleys
of East Teunesbee will be filled with thriving-manu-
facturing towns and villages."
I am kindly permitted to use a letter
addressed to my excellent friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Spaliung:]
Cleveland, June 23,1S6S.
My Dear Sir: Thinking that possibly, amid the
many ma'ters requiringyourattention on your return
to Washington, you might forget to examine the
matter which formed the subject of a conversation
I had with you at Newark, I have concluded to call
your attention to the same by letter. I observe in
this morning's paper that the citizens of St. Louis
and Cincinnati, through their respective Boards of
Trade, have instructed their Representatives to use
their influence in obtaining an_ appropriation to
improve the Mississippi nnd Ohio rivers. I infer
from this moment that Congress is about to con-
sider the matter of making internal improvements.
Although personally interested in the improvement
of the Tennessee river. I would not urge an appro-
priation for that purpose did I not entertain the
opinion, founded on information obtained from my
own observations, made during frequent visits to
that section since the war, that whatever expense
may be necessary to make that river navigable from
its mouth to the fork of the Clinch would very soon
be returned to the Government.
You will, I think, find on examining the surveys
and estimates of thosewho have made them through
the appropriations made last year, that the expense
of making tho kind of improvements required will
be small considering the extent of country and the
number of people to be benefited by it. Because of
Muscle shoals and a few other obstructions above,
from twelve to fourteen hundred miles of the river,
although navigable at almost all seasons of the year,
prove of little benefit to the country. The finest
iron ore mines and coalfields in tbe country skirting
the shores of this river and its tributaries demand
no higher price than the land will bring for agricul-
tural purposes. And although the valley of the Ten-
nessee is as remarkable for agricultural purposes as
for its mineral wealth, notwithstanding, for the want
of cheap transportation of its product to market, its
value and selling price are wonderfully low.
I kno wof no internal improvementso much needed,
nor one that would make as satisfactory returns.
The people to be especially benefited are the loyal
East Tennesseeans and the northern Alabamians,
The people of no other portion of the county suffered
as much on account of their loyalty to the Govern-
ment as these, and there seems to be no better way
of recognizing that loyalty or a more substantial
way of rewarding them, than by making this improve-
mcn t.
But I will not occupy your time -with a more
extended statement. Prom other sources at your
command you will be able to obtain such informa-
tion as you may desire to enable you to form an
opinion.
I remain, truly, yours.
WILLIAM J. BOARDMAN.
Hon. R. P. Spalding, Washington, D. C.
I hope this amendment will prevail.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynakd] is correct in saying that in the act
of March 2, 18G7, there was an order for a sur-
vey of the Tennessee river, or else it was in a
separate resolution, lam not quite sure which.
That survey has been made, and I hold the
report in my hand with a letter from the Secre-
tary of War. The report did not come to the
Committee on Commerce until after the bill
had been prepared. But if it had, it would
have been entirely impossible for an appro-
priation to have been recommended such as
is now offered. From the mouth of the Ten-
nessee river at Paducah to Florence, in Ala-
bama, there is a distance of four hundred and
thirty-six miles; from Decatur, in Alabama, to
Chattanooga, the other bend of the river, is a
distance of one hundred and eighty-six miles.
That covers the whole length of the river, ex-
cepting ninety from Florence to Decatur.
Now, sir, of this appropriation of $600,000,
as I understand it, about four hundred thou-
sand dollars would be wanted on the ninety
miles distance between Florence and Decatur
for the purpose of constructing a canal, which
very possibly it may be right to do one of these
days, but which, it seems to the committee, it
would not be right to recommend at this time.
Now, I have no doubt, from the report which
I have and after a conference with the engi-
neers at the War Department, that there ought
to be an appropriation made for the purpose of
the Tennessee river, and I propose to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see by substituting for it the following:
To improve the Tennessee river from its mouth to
Florence, Alabama, §15,000.
To improve the river Irom Chattanooga, Tennessee,
to Decatur, Alabama, $90,000.
That will give to this river the benefit of all the
improvement that is reasonably called for ex-
cepting that between Florence and, Decatur,
which I think ought to be the subject of further
examination. I will say that upon conference
with the Committee on Commerce my amend-
ment meets with their approval, excepting that
of my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne;]
and I suggest to the gentleman from Tennessee
that it will be better for him to accept the
amendment which I offer, and withdraw the
larger one which he has offered.
Mr. STOKES. I wish to make an appeal
to my colleague, [Mr. Maynard. J I ask him
to accept the amendment offered by the gentle-
man who has charge of this bill in behalf of the
Committee 011 Commerce. After having can-
vassed the whole matter I am satisfied that it
is for the best interest of the country and for
the people upon the line of the river, and I
ask my colleague to accept the proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is an old adage
down in my country that my friend understands
the meaning of, tliat " half a loaf is better
than no bread." I yield to his appeal that I
shall accept the modification suggested by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
