1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ceive. Nothing in the world has occurred
known to any principle of law or equity to
absolve him from his contract ; and the prop-
osition is now to add arbitrarily a certain gross
sum to what it was agreed he should have, and
what he did in truth have, for doing precisely
that and nothing else, which he bargained to do.
Well, sir, there are other parts of this res-
olution. Another part relates to compensation
to be paid him in spite of his default upon a
contract to make coffins, I think. That brings
to every lawyer's mind the hardship of the
law ; the law in both countries ; the law under
which a sailor ships for a voyage and lie sickens
and dies before the voyage is performed, but
there is 110 quantum meruit for him; there is
nothing in the world for his representatives
except to be turned out of court with the state-
ment that the contract was an entirety; he has
failed to perforin it, and there is no remedy for
him; and in England to this day there never
has been an exception to this rule. Even the
case of servants in London was never an ex-
ception to it, because they recovered a quan-
tum meruit, if they did not serve the entire
period for which they bargained, only by the
custom ot London; local there. So that in the
whole British realm this was the law always,
and is the law now. It is the law in this coun-
try, in every State, except so far as the courts
have been able to make war upon it in excepted
cases growing out of special facts.
Now, here is a man who makes a contract
which is to be executed by running a saw-mill.
His saw-mill takes fire and burns up. Agreed,
it is a great misfortune. It belongs to that
catalogue the length of which no man can
measure, of misfortunes in consequence of
which men fall short in the performance of
their contract^. But thereupon the default is
to be disregarded, and this claimant is to be
paid the amount which it was bargained to pay
him for all that he did deliver in fact, and then
in addition, as I understand it, to be relieved
from all forfeitures besides; and then, in the
thiid place, looking to the future, a price is to
be added to the contract price, and he is to
go on and fulfill the contract under this added
price. That was excused the other day as a
matter of fact upon some computation that
the coffins were needed and that it would be
cheaper to bargain with him than to make a
contract de noco with a new man. If that be
so it is to be treated as an independent propo-
sition standing 111 that way. That is the amend-
menton which we have just voted. It is a bare
matter of fact, a mere matter of calculation
as to that. If this man cannot execute his
contract, and cannot be made or should not be
made lo execute the residue of his contract,
and if as to that residue it is cheaper to con-
duct with him at the figure stated in the reso-
lution than with another person it is perfectly
defensible as an original proposition for that
reason.
But how are these other two elements of
this resolution to be defended? I do not see.
It may be that in my statement of it I have
fallen into some error of detail, as I commenced
by saying it is rather out of my mind, as I relied
upon a memorandum, and did not intend to
carry it in my memory, and that memorandum
lias passed out of my drawer in the mean time,
but in general terms the proposition is as I
state it; and I repeat, I believe it to be in defi-
ance of the precedents and the principles upon
which we have legislated heretofore in these
eases; and I believe it to be so broad and
loose a foundation that if adopted now, upon
the heels of this war, it will lead to claims
which, 1 repeat, would beggar any nation. 1
have talked myself with a man who told me
he happened to hear Mr. Monroe say that the
damages arising from the war of 1812 were
neater than the cost of the war itself. A bill
was passed, it will be remembered, after the
war, which continued in force, I believe, but
a single year, and which le.t in such a Hood of
claims of all sorts, restricted and carefully
guarded as Senatois will see that bill was, as
terrified the whole nation, and it was r<
and abandoned.
Now, here is a proposition, not, to be sure,
for a general act, but to take up a ease cer-
tainly conspicuous for the length to which it
goes, and establish a precedent which it seems
to me would bring in almost anything, unless
it be such a bill as was postponed the other day
after being considered, in which it was pro-
posed to pay some man for trampling down his
grass, and for scarring his fruit trees, and for
drilling on his land, which made it so hard that
.it was very difficult to plow it up, and the com-
putation was that he was to receive the price
of the land as if upon purchase for that. Per-
haps it would not go so far as to embrace a
case of that sort, but it goes an immense dis-
tance, so far that I feel the Senate will forgive
me for calling attention briefly, and perhaps
not in a very instructive manner, to the nature
of the bill.
Mr. WTLLEY. Mr. President, I do not
attempt to deny that there is much force in the
general remarks of the Senator from New
York, and the suggestions he makes ought to
inspire us with a reasonable degree of discre-
tion, and ought to require us to examine these
claims, when they are made, with care. But,
sir, this claim, like every honest claim, must
stand upon its own individual merits. The
scope of the remarks and the reasoning of the
Senator from New York would exclude all
claims whatsoever. If they are to apply, we
shall be troubled with none of them. If 110
claims are to be entertained by Congress but
such as are strictly legal claims, and such as,
if the Government could be sued as a party,
might be enforced in a court of law or a court
of equity, we shall have very few claims pre-
sented to us. As I remarked the other day, it
is not pretended that this claimant has any
legal claim against the Government or a claim
in the nature of a legal claim; it is not con-
tended that he has such a claim as, if the Gov-
ernment could be sued, he could enforce it in
a court of law ; but I10 comes and addresses
the Senate upon his claim on the broad prin-
ciples of equity and justice.
Now, sir, inasmuch as the Senator from
New York propounded a question to me which
I answered, 1 hope he will pardon me for pro-
pounding a question to him which I trust he
will answer. It is this: suppose I, as a con-
tractor with the Senator from New York, had
undertaken, upon certain specified terms re-
duced to writing, to erect him a mansion in
which to live, and in the piosecution of my
contract I had been so unfortunate as that the
enemies of the country and my enemies had
by fire destroyed the means upon which I re-
lied to construct it, and that in making the
contract I had been honestly mistaken upon
his representations as to the expense it would
require to build that house, and when it was
done, and he had moved into it, and found
that it answered his purpose, upon counting
the cost and settling for the cost of the con-
struction, he found from the figures and the
facts, utterly undeniable, that he was secure
in his home, with his family protected from
the weather and the storm, at his ease and
enjoying his comfort, with a mansion around
him that had beggared me, and turned my wife
and children out upon the charities of the
world, perhaps for support, enjoying a man-
sion that had cost mo three times, nay, by
comparison with the evidence in this record four
times as much as I contracted to build it for,
would he, as an honest man, sit down quietly
and sleep in that mansion until he had made
some compensation to me for erecting it?
Upon the broad principles of justice between
man and man, upon those principles upon which
we shall like to stand when we have to give
an account of our actions finally to the great
Judge of us all, would he feel himself author-
ized to dwell in that mansion erected for his
benefit at one third of the price which it act-
ually cost? I am sure ho would not. 1 will
not ask an answer. His own sense of equity
would give the answer. He would not< allow
himself to abide by the letter of the law. He
would not repeat the old test and demand.of
me the pound of flesh because it was so aom-
mated in the bond. He would not feel easy,
he would not feel honest until he had at least
made some fair compensation for the,consid-
eration which* he received at my hands.
Now, sir, as a great and magnanimous and
just and generous Government, how should
we demean ourselves ? We have received here,
accordingto the evidence, honestconsideration.
The contract which we made with this man has
been honestly fulfilled. It is in evidence that he
is a high-minded and honorable man; that he
has striven with all his ability and with all his
means to fulfill the contract made on his part;
that he has been economical, according to the
testimony; that he has not been wasteful; that
he has acted with all possible discretion and
with all possible fidelity to the Government;
and yet it turns out according to the incon-
trovertible evidence in this record, according
to the assertion of every officer with whom he
had to do from General Thomas down to the
quartermasters and officers immediately in
charge of the work, he has incurred expenses
three times greater than the amount which he
received from the Government in the perform-
ance of his contract. Sir, it is not like a con-
tract entered into in the ordinary way. Here
were the contractors on both sides, the officers
upon the part of the Government and the con-
tractor himself, away from the places where
the work was to be done, making certain l'ep-
resentations to him of the character of the
work and of the character of the country, for
instance, where these cemeteries were to be
erected. Acting upon a general knowledge
of affairs, without any particular description
before him, he undertook to build the fences
around these cemeteries according to certain
specifications at a certain price.
Now, sir, the House of llepresentatives
have settled, so far as this rcsolutien is con-
cerned, that whole question. They have sent to
us a joint resolution allowing him extra pay to
the amount of some seven thousand dollars for
the erection of these works around the ceme-
teries ; but they declined to make any addi-
tional compensation for the coffins. Now, let
us look at the facts. The evidence, I think, in
this record will justify any man in saying that
the House, in making the additional allowance,
which they do make, fall very far short of com-
pensating him entirely for the cost of the erec-
tion of these works; but they allow a certain
sum in addition to that which he contracted to
build them for.
The second question in this resolution to
which the honorable Senator refers is as to
what are called stoppages. By the contract
Mr. Palmer was to make fifty-two thousand
coffins at the specified price of ninety cents
per coffin. It turns out that a great many more
than fifty-two thousand will be required. By
the terms of the contract, unless these coffins
are delivered at a certain time and at a certain
place, the quartermaster, or the officer in charge
of the work, has a right to deduct from even
this limited price of ninety cents per coffin a
certain percentum called stoppages. Mr. Pal-
mer went on and made about forty thousand
coffins, llany of them were not delivered in
time, and for failure to deliver and fulfill the
stipulations of the contract within the time
specified stoppages were held back out of his
limited pay lo the amount of about fifteen
thousand dollars. The second provision of
this resolution is to allow these stoppages to
bo paid ; that is to say, that he shall be allowed
the full sum of ninety cents per coffin for all that
he has made. It would be an unconscionable
hardship upon him if the Government of the
United States should not only hold him to his
contract to make these coffins at ninety^ cents,
but for failure to deliver some of them in time
should withhold payment, even to the amount
of nearly one half, to the amount of $>16,000.
The resolution provides that these stoppages
