im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December !2j
we may grant thetn '' universal amnesty and
universal suffrage," or either of them only, as
we may think proper. A presidential pardon
may relieve them as criminals; it cannot en-
franchise them as aliens. There is no legal or
necessary connection between the two charac-
ters they have assumed, and none between the
methods of our treatment in reference to each.
If, from considerations of policy or humanity,
•we forbear to chastise thetn for their crimes, it
by no means follows that we must reinstate
them in the rights and privileges and franchises
of citizenship. We may do so or not according
to our judgment of what is for the best. And
if we decide not to do so, neither they nor their
friends on this side of the water or the other
have any just cause for complaint. In Tennes-
see the men charged with the work of inaugu-
rating the restored government did not think
it for the best that these persons should be
reestablished in political power, which in many
localities would have implied supremacy and
control. And here I might let the matter rest
as one that lias been decided by the only
authority competent to make the decision. It
is a part of opr political history that those who
have framed State governments fyav'e also fixed
the qualifications of the voters under their
respective governments, whether they should
be able to read, as in Massachusetts, or should
have $'250 of taxable property, as in New York,
or ten negroes and five hundred acres of land,
or should be white and not black, and men,
not women or boys. In our case no new or
unusual power has been exercised.
I cannot, however, pass unnoticed the oblo-
quy that has been heaped upon the men in-
trusted with this power and responsible for its
exercise. They have been stigmatized as low-
bred, ignorant, fanatical, revengeful, a bur- ,
lesque upon statesmanship, and I know not
what else besides. They may not have been
statesmen. If by that word be signified men
who have lived by holding office and been fed
by the State, politicians by trade and dema-
gogues by instinct, most of them certainly were
not. They had lived in the deep retirement
of private life, and came up from their farms,
their workshops, and their merchandise. Their
own affairs had left them neither time nor de-
sire to seek official station. The rebellion and
its creatures they understood thoroughly. They
had studied them in rebel prisons, in the ranks
of the Army, and hidden in the recesses of the
mountains, the dens and caves of the earth.
But statesmen or not, they have done the
work of statesmen, and have done it exceed-
ingly well.
They took hold of the government when it
was very weak and under the greatest discour-
agements. The State was heavily in debt, her
credit gone, and the sources of her revenue
dried up. Her lines of railroad, built princi-
pally on her credit, and relied upon largely to
sustain it, were worn out by the war and in the
hands of the military authorities. Justice had
closed her tribunals, and the law of the strong-
est was the law of the land. Religion had fled
from her altars, and the churches been turned
into hospitals and barracks or burned by the
soldiers for fuel. Education had left the seats
of learning, and the children were growing
up- unlettered and ignorant. Friends were
timid and few ; foes many and bold. Where
they had a right to look for support they found
only too often cold indifference or bitter oppo-
sition. One who should hare been a nursing
father was an implacable enemy. Even here
where they boastfully said, Surely our friends
will give us welcome, they were kept long wait-
ing and in suspense, exposed to the jeers and
taunts of their adversaries, very galling and
hard to bear.
It matters little to me whether it be said that
these earnest and unpretending men were defi-
cient in sagacity to perceive these obstacles,
or that, perceiving them, they could not appre-
ciate their appalling magnitude. They ad-
dressed themselves vigorously and patiently :
to overcoming them. The rebel debt, inclnd- 1
ing every charge upon the State by rebel author-
ity, they rejected. All other obligations, how-
ever burdensome, were assumed. The unpaid
interest, amounting to twenty-five per cent, of j
the debt proper, was funded. Current and j
accruing interest was provided for and punc- !
tually paid. They appealed to the war-stricken
people for money, and they did not appeal in
vain. They smote the rock of public confi-
dence and streams of revenue gushed ont. The
railroad system, relieved at length from mili-
tary control, was at great cost revived and
set running. The courts were reopened and
pleas, civil and criminal, everywhere enter-
tained. The churches and school-houses were
rebuilt. Industry and private enterprise revived.
Trade yielded anew its accustomed profits;
labor went no longer unrewarded; the plow-
man was once more afield, secure of reaping
where he had sown, and of eating of what he
reaped. Friends grew hopeful and confident;
foes became cautious and respectful. Opposi-
tion in high places was silent; and here, at
last, they obtained the much-desired and all-
essential recognition, not rendered twice grate-
ful surely by being given quickly. Remember,
I beseech you, the great discouragements under
which their work was carried on. Constantly
assailed and rarely defended ; oppressed much
with that sickness of heart -which comes of
hope deferred; vexed with meanness, and
falsehood, and dishonesty, for which they were
held responsible, but which they could not
prevent; beset on the one hand by enthusiasts
with novel and untried theories, on the other
by flatterers aiming at unworthy ends, their
way was anything but a path of delights.
Another source of constant annoyance, from
which their reputation abroad suffers to this
day, was the tribe of hostile newsmongers,
continually inventing facts to their prejudice,
which they had candid friends enough to be-
lieve and bewail.
"Of all the plagues,just Heaven, thy wrath can send.
Save, oh save me from the candid friend."
These were the men, such the surroundings,
and so great the work—tantce molis erat—
that established the restored government of
Tennessee upon the two cognate principles : in
civil matters, the equality of all men before
the law, and in matters political, universal suf-
frage for loyal men.
The latter principle, if I have not misappre-
hended the record of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall,] will not fail to meet his ap-
proval. During a debate in this House which
occurred in March of last year, between him
and a then colleague, (Mr. Kuykendall,) he
expressed himself in this wise:
"Mr. Kuykendall. I would like my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] to answer this question. He
says that he thinks the time will oomevery soon when
this test-oath should be repealed. Now, if Mr. Breck-
inridge should be elected a member of this House from
the State of Kentucky by a majority of the qualified
voters of the district, and was willing to take the oath
to support the Constitution of the United States,
would the gentleman vote to give him a seat upon
this floor?
"Mr. Marshall. Iwouldnot. I would have these
guestions properly referred, so that the merits of each
individual presenting himself might be thoroughly
and properly considered. I believe that those States
are entitled to representation. I have already said
that I would not vote for the admission of those men
Whom I believe to beguilty of having originally con-
cocted treason and deliberately plotted the destruc-
tion of this Government."
This covers the whole ground. If Mr. Breck-
inridge, as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Marshall] maintains, is disqualified by his
treason from taking a seat here in person, he
is disqualified from taking it by proxy. The
same principle which would exclude himself
would exclude his representative. If he is
unfit to hold a place in this body he is also
unfit to vote for another to hold it for him.
And the same principle which excludes John
C. Breckinridge from the ballot-box also
excludes every other rebel in the land. Let
us, then, hear no more of constitutional rights
assailed, and of proscription and tyranny suf-
fered in the case of men whose crimes have
already cost the nation, first and last, upward
of five billions of money, and scarcely lees than
half a million of dearest lives.
' I know it will be said—it has been said and
is said—by some who do not dissent from
these views of the legal question, that a wise
policy requires us to pursue a different course;
and much do we hear in praise of magnanimity,
forbearance, and the kindred virtues. Mag-
nanimity at the expense of justice is a merit
akin to liberality with other men's money and
contrition for other people's sins. We have
just passed through a gigantic civil war, in-
volving not only the existence of this Govern-
ment, but of all popular government. Having
triumphed, our first duty is obviously to those
who stood by us and sustained our cause, espe-
cially in that part of the country which was
the actual theater of war. Justice compels us
to protect them, and to see that under no cir-
cumstances and nowhere shall they be sub-
jected to the domination of a class of defeated
men, who hate them with a hatred intensified
sevenfold by the knowledge of what part they
bore toward compassing their defeat. "Negro
domination," says the President, "worse than
military despotism." While 1 deny that the
reconstruction of civil government in the
southern States under the laws passed by Con-
gress can be justly characterized as a " dom-
ination," negro or other, yet if compelled to
choose between "negro domination" for
rebels and rebel domination for negroes and
loyal whites, I should not be long in making
the choice. The country has had some expe-
rience upon this subject.
One of the earliest acts-of the present Ad-
ministration is, in the language of the recent
message—
"To dietate what alterations shall be made in the
constitutions of several States; to control the elec-
tions of State legislators and State officers, members
of Congress, and electors of President and Vice Pres-
ident; arbitrarily declaring who shall vote and who
shall be excluded from that privilege; to dissolve
State Legislatures and prevent them from assem-
bling; to dismiss judges and othercivil functionaries
of the State, and appoint others without regard to
State law; to organize and operate all the political
machinery of the States; to regulate the whole
administration of their domestic and local affairs ac-
cording to the mere will of strange and irresponsible
agents sent among them for that purpose."
I do not say with the message that " these are
powers not granted to the Federal Govern-
ment," nor that "their exercise is a usurpa-
tion," and "the most dangerous of political
crimes." Whether so intended or not, the
result was to place ten States, for the time
being, under rebel domination. To know what
this means we need only to recur to the mas-
sacres of Memphis and New Orleans and to a
thousand other unpunished massacres, assassi-
nations, and outrages all over the South less
conspicuous and bloody, but equally atrocious.
The objects of these enormities were, I dare
assert, in every instance, either negroes, native
white Unionists, Federal soldiers, or northern
men. And more, I defy the minions of these
psendo governments and their defenders and
apologists to show from their records where a
single perpetrator has been held either civilly
or criminally responsible. Such was rebel
domination in the South, and such would it
have been to-day had not a "usurping" Con-
gress interposed the strong arm of national
authority for the protection of the defenseless
and the oppressed ; and such it will be through-
out the land should it ever get the control of
Federail power.
This suggestion falls upon unwilling and
therefore unbelieving ears. Let us not de-
ceive ourselves. Throughout the northern
States there is, and was during the war, a
numerous party only less hostile to the Gov-
ernment than the southern rebels. Theirs
was a partisan malignity which hated an au-
thority that they and theirs could not control.
They were not traitors only because an adher-
ence to domestic enemies, giving them aid
and comfort, was judicially held not to be
treason within the meaning of the Federal
Constitution. Their ardent sympathy with
the rebels often assumed a more active and
guilty alliance. Aided by defection and dis-
affection they have succeeded during the sum-
mer and fall in carrying several important elec-
