8592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
and I hope in that shape it will be conceded
to us.
Mr. MULLINS. I move to amend the
amendment by increasing the appropriation
$10,000, and I do it for the purpose of making
a few remarks. The people most interested
in'the improvement .of this river are those
living above Chattanooga. To be sure it i.s a
densely populated stream from there to its
mouth, but that portion of the country that lies
adjacent to my district is immediately inter-
ested in that obstruction which is known as
the Mnscle shoals. This river is one of those
streams that gives water at all seasons of the
year. There is, perhaps, butthe fewest number
of streams in any portion of the country south
that give a greater volume of water than the
Tennessee river gives. But until the obstruc-
tion known as the Muscle shoals is overcome
navigation both above and below cannot be
considered as anything like complete. The
greatest detriment to the navigation of that
stream from its Lead to its mouth is known to
be the Muscle shoals. 1'hat is a point in the
stream where it breaks through the spurs of
the Cumberland mountains, or an offshoot of
the Cumberland mountains. The river is ob-
structed by many bowlders lying there, incal-
culable in size, so as to make it almost unnavi-
gable at some seasons of the year, while even
at the highest tide it is very difficult for a steam-
boat to go up and down. The main point is a
canal around the Muscle shoals. An appro-
priation was made for that purpose some time
ago, and some work was done. But a spirit
gotinto the party, and it became almost ignored
by the General Government. However, before
that species of political legislation got up, they
went on to cut that canal, and they walled it
up in part, and I am informed by the gentle-
man who superintended its survey that the
stone work which was done there is as good a
character of work as ever was done on the
continent. Many of the trees which have grown
up on the bank of that canal have lifted up the
mason work ; but it stands there now, the
stones cemented fast together, although lifted
up from the base, and a very small amount
more will complete the work so that naviga-
tion will be open from the mouth of the river
to its head. Its heads and its tributaries have
already been indicated by my colleague [Mr.
Mayxard] who moved an amendment to this
bil 1. There is no country and no people who have
been more necessitated to have an appropria-
tion made for relief, both above and below,
than of this section. It lies immediately upon
my southern border. I cannot for one moment's
time hesitate to return thanks to the gentleman
in charge of this bill for even this little amount.
It is belter than no appropriation at all, of
course. At the same time it may go far to
keep all hands employed for a time, and relieve
them to some extent. But the great burden is
the Muscle shoals. You only want to sink the
canal a little deeper; it never was sunk deep
enough; a.little further depth will give ingress
and egress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MULLINS. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Mayxard, as modi-
fied, was then agreed to.
The Clerk then read as follows:
For improvement of the Upper Mississippi river
and removing snags and dredginsr, $00,000.
For consti uctiou of dam and look at Little Falls.
Minnesota river, $30,000.
For improvement, oi the Des Moines rapids, $900,000.
For improvement of the Bock Island rapids.
$200,000.
For improvement of tho mouth of tho Mississippi
river, $100,000.
For improvement, of the Mississippi, Missouri, and
Arkansas rivers, §185,000.
For improvement of the upper Missouri river,
$60,000.
For improvement of the Illinois river, from its
mouth toward La Salle, $.100 000,
For improvement of tlie Ohio river, 5>250,000.
Mr. MOORHEAD. T move t,o add to the
last, clause read the following :
Of which a sum not exceeding $20,000 raav be
applied, under thediseretion of the Secretary of IVar,
in experimenting upon and testing tho value of
shifting sluices and other applicability to the said
improvement.
This amendment is offered on account, of
the change in the character of navigation on
the Ohio river. Formerly, during low water,
by means of wing-dams, the water was thrown
into a narrow channel, where a single steam-
boat could pass through. These wing-dams
now prove to be obstructions to a large fleet
of coal boats that are required by the manner
in which business is now conducted. By the
ingenuity of sotne of our engineers out there
a plan has been devised by which these wing-
dams can be shifted or sunk when occasion
requires, so that boats can run over them.
Colonel Roberts, civil engineer in charge of
the improvements on the Ohio river, thinks
the plan very important and of great value. I
do not ask for any increase of the appropria-
tion, but only that a certain portion of it, under
the discretion of the Secretary of War, may
be used in making these experiments. I hope
my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Penn
sylvauia [Mr. Mooiinc.U)] showed an amend-
ment to me, stating that he proposed to offer
it, and desiring that I would make no objection
to it. it was altered at my instance so as to
leave the expenditure of the money for the
purpose of making these experiments discre-
tionary with the Secretary of War. I canuot
assent to the amendment, for the reason that
I do not know enough about the character
of the appropriation asked for to be able to
say whether the Secretary of War ought to
be directed in any way to appropriate a por-
tion ot this money in the mariner proposed.
The estimate from the Department for the
improvement of tho Ohio river was 3500,000;
and the engineers called for the expenditure
of §500,000 during this coming fiscal year.
The committee have cut down the expenditure
asked for one half, recommending an appro-
priation of $2-30,000. Now. the object of this
amendment is to apply a portion of that appro-
priation to the point named by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mooiihead.] It may
be all right; I do not know that it is not;
but I do not know that it, is; and it seems to
me that it would be incorporating into the bill
a provision different from any now contained
in it, if in the case of a general appropriation
of this kind the Secretary of War should be
directed to apply a specific part of the money
to_a designated point. But if the matter is
left discretionary with him the objection may
be obviated.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I modify my amend-
ment so as to make the amount $18,000. I
must say that after the conversation which I had
with the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ejjot] 1 am very much astonished at the
remarks he has just made. If the House has
listened to my remarks I think there can
be no objection to the proposition that the
engineer in charge of this improvement may,
under the direction of the Secietary of War,
if he deems it advisable, use this money, or any
portion of it, in devising a system which we
think will be worth millions in the improve-
ment of our western rivers. I, in company
with seme other gentlemen, examined this
matter in the oiEce of Colonel Roberts, the
engineer, who told me that he did not know
that he could expend the money to make this
experiment unless there should be a direction
of this kind from the engineer department, or
a provision inserted in this bill. I hope that
the amendment, as I have modified it, will be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HINDS. I ask unanimous consent to
go back and move an amendment, inserting
after line ninety-six the words '1 provided, that
an equal amount be expended in improving
each of said rivers;" so that the clause wifl
read—
For improvement of the Mississippi, Missouri,
and Aikans.is livers, 4.185,000: Provided, That an
equal amount be expended in improving each of said
rivers.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot consent to go back
to allow that amendment to be offered. The
matter is now properly left discretionary with
the Secretary of War.
The SPEAKER. Line r.inety-six having
been passed, an amendment to that part of the
bill is not in order without unanimous consent;
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] objects.
Mr. HINDS. I ask unanimous^ consent to
have printed in the Globe a memorial from the
Legislature of the State of Arkansas on this
subject.
'The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
leave will be granted.
There was no objection.
The memorial is as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and Bouse of Representa-
tives in Congress assembled :
Your memorialists, the constitutional convention
of the State of Arkansas, respectfully represent that
the Arkansas river, during the season of low water,
is so obstructed by snags and sand-bars as to render
the navigation difficult and hazardous; but that by
the appropriation and proper outlay of a small sura
of money the said liver, between the points desig-
nated, could bo rendered navigable during theentire
season, and would open a thoroughfare of inland
communication to a rich agricultural district, facili-
tate tho transportation ot tho mails, and afford to
the settlements embraced in the country tributary to
the Aikansas the bpeedy development of the various
resources of that section of the country, abounding
in lumber, agricultural, and mineral wealth, besides
affording f.icil ties for reaching tho trade and ex-
change of the Indian country west, and affording to
the Government a more speedy access to that legion.
Your memoHalists, therefore, ask that an appro-
priation of ^.00,000 be made for the improvement of
said liver. And your memorialists wilt ever pray.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend by in-
serting after line one hundred and two the fol-
lowing :
For the improvement of the Wabash river and its
navigable tributaries, $50,000.
Mr. Speaker, after the disposition already
manifested by the House, I cannot entertain
much hope that it will appropriate a very large
amount of money for the improvement of
interna) rivers ; but if any appropriation is to
be made for any river I submit that the
Wabash is as much entitled to an appropria-
tion as any other river that has been named
in the bill. It furnishes the means of trans-
portation for portions of two States, the States
of Indiana and Illinois. WThite river is an
important tributary to it, and is also navigable
for boats of all classes during a portion of the
year. There are some slight obstructions in
the Wabash river and its tributaries, which the
amount of money I have indicated would par-
tially remove. This is to open up these rivers
for the purposes of commerce ; and if we are to
extend our commerce by opening up our rivers
to the ordinary class of vessels, at least, 1 do
submit the Wabash river is as much entitled
to the consideration of Congress as any other
stream mentioned in this bill, aside from the
Ohio and Mississippi. I offer the amendment
in good faith, and if we vote for auy this one
should be adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. It is obvious, Mr. Speaker, we could
not pass a bill of this description acceptable to
a majority of the House unless on some prin-
ciple. Now, there has been no examination
made, there has been no survey, there have
been no estimates, and we should move in the
dark as to the character and mode of this pro-
posed improvement ; and, sir, there is no mortal
man oti this floor who has the authority to say
how much is wanted and how it could be best
carried on. I hope the gentleman from Indi-
ana, who, by the way, has not been friendly to
this bill, if he desires there should be a recom-
mendation in favor of it, will have it included
in the fourth section of the bill, and have it
examined. It would be utterly impossible to
adopt the amendment offered by him without
destroying the character of the bill. I say
without hesitation, if improvements of this
description, without recommendation from the
War Department, should be put upon the bill
by those who are unfriendly to it, [should feel
myself constrained to ask the House to post-
pone it to a future time.
