2568
THE CONGKESSIOM, GLOBS.
shall be paid, that that part, of the contract
shall be annulled, and that the officers of the
Government shall be authorized and directed
to pay him to the full extent of ninety cents
pet Coffin.
But the amendment reported by the Com-
mitteft'on Claims of the Senate proposes to
pay him an additional amount of $12,716 30.
It seems that he has'still, in completion of his
contract-, to make from seventeen to twenty
thousand coffins in addition to those which he
has already made. Now, what are the facts
shown ? That upon his failure to deliver eotlins
at Vicksburg and Memphis the Government
went on to construct coffins itself by its own
officers, and the evidence is, from the officers
themselves who had these coffins made, that at
Memphis it cost the Government two dollars
each coffin, and that at Vicksburgit cost $2 50
when the Government constructed these coffins
itself. Part of these coffins were constructed
also of old lumber already owned by the Gov-
ernment, and yet it cost at Memphis two dol-
lars per coffin to make them.
What will be the result unless this additional
allowance is made? To say nothing of the
equity of the case; to say nothing of the obli-
gation resting upon a just Government to make
due compensation to its citizens for services
actually rendered; to say nothing of the in-
adequacy of the price of ninety cents per coffin
for those already constructed, what will be the
result? Why, sir, it is made known to the
committee, and it is a fact which will not be
controverted, that unless this additional com-
pensation is made to Mr. Palmer, lie will have
to throw up his contract; he will be obliged to
go down under its weight and to be a ruined
man; and the consequence will be that the
Government will have to make the additional
coffins by its own officers and out of its own
means. The committee considered that it
would be an advantage even in dollars and
cents on the pari of the Government if they
should make this additional allowance, because
unless they do Mr. Palmer will have to throw
up his contract and the Government will have
to make the coffins itself and they will cost it
from two dollars to two dollars and fifty cents
per coffin, and this additional cost on the
seventeen or twenty thousand coffins yet to be
made and delivered will be more, or at least as
much as the additional compensation which
this resolution proposes to give Air. Palmer,
provided he shall fuUiil his contract.
Upon the question, therefore, of economy,
looking nothing to the equity of the case, noth-
ing to the obligation of the Government to do
justice to its citizens, looking to the interests
of the Government, in a pecuniary point of
view, it will make money, perhaps, by passing
the resolution as it is, and 1 trust it will be the
pleasure of the Senate to make this allowance
to this man. I am aware of the dangerous
character of things that will be presented to us
from the sources indicated by the Senator frotn
New York ; but then it will only devolve upon
the Senate the necessity of looking strictly into
each claim. It will not do, Mr. President, by
these general kind of rules to sweep way and
drive from our doors all memorialists.' We
must look at the claims and examine them
when they come. The remarks of the Senator
from New Yorkare relevant to enforce scrutiny
and rigid examination into every claim that
comes, but certainly ought not to be extended
so far as to operate to t he rejection of all claims
upon general principles.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I should like to answer
the question, the answer to which the honor-
able Senator waived. He put to me the case
of building a house for me upon a contract
which turned out to be losing and hard to him,
and then by way of inquiry he said, "Would
the Senator, as an honest man, live in that
house and leave the contractor to his loss ? "
As 1 understand, Mr. President, the party to
such a contract would not be called upon, iu
the character of an honest man, to decide any
such question as the Senator proposes. He
could not, iu the character of an honest man,
be called upou to decide that, because the
question would address itself, not at all to his
integrity, but to his generosity, his liberality,
liis humanity. And there,. Mr. President, is
the gulf which can never be properly passed
dividing us in the character in which we sit here
from an individual disposing of his own money.
Now, by way of reversing that illustration,
let me inquire of the Senator how he proposes
to treat all the eases of men contracting to cast
cannon and to do other large services to the
Government whose Contracts, owing to the
fluctuation and the fall of gold, among other
things, turned out to be twice as good as they
should have, been or as they were intended to
be V Does he propose to have those men refund
to the Government the extraordinary profits
that they made ? Not at all. Why? Because
the law governing contracts estops him and
puts an end to any such proceeding.
But, Mr. President, this I conceive to be
the true rule m these cases: not what is gen-
erous ; not what a man might be moved to do
with his own money taken out of his own pocket;
but what is it proper for us to do, sitting here
as trustees, as directors of a corporation—for
that is all the Government of the United states
is, for the sake of this illustration—a great cor-
poration, the boaid of directors of which con-
sists of the two Houses of Congress. It happens,
in our organism, that this corporation is too
great to be sued. Its supremacy, its sover-
eignty—to use the favorite word in this con-
nection—exempts it from liability to be sued.
What does that render necessary in ethics and
in law? 'That there should be some process of
answering to demands which will level tins dis-
tinction, whicli will remove out of the pathway
of claimants the injustice which tliey would suf-
fer if the Government were leally unapproach-
able. Very well. How far do we go before we
meet the requirement of this exigency? 1 beg
to tell the Senator precisely how far; and it is
a rule which can never be mistaken. We go far
enough when we subject the Government of
the United States to all the liabilities, legal
and equitable, which would devolve upon an
individual, subject as he is to being called into
the courts. What is the province, 1 should
like to know, of Congress passing private bills
except to see to it honestly that the claimant
loses nothing by the fact that his claim is
against a party whom he cannot make defend-
ant in a bill in equity or in an action at law.
When we have done that; when we have sub-
jected the trust funds which we administer to
every liability which could be imposed upon
them were they private trust funds, then 1 in-
quire again upon what principle it is, short of
an arbitrary and blameable discretion, that we
go further?
The Senator says that the remarks which I
made before show the propriety of scrutinizing
these cases individually. 1 submit to him
with great respect and with great confidence,
because I know his candor and the fairness
with which he has treated this, as he treats all
other matters that he has in charge, that that
is not the point and the strength of this argu-
ment, that we are to sit here trusting to our
industry and our penetration in each particular
case to spell out of an arbitrary matter its
merits as a mere question of morality or gen-
erosity ; but that, on the contrary, we are to
adopt the more simple, the more uniform, the
more approved process of seeing, when a case
presents itself to us, whether it falls within or
without the general principles upon which we
act, whether it is included or shut out by the
lines of demarkation dividing those claims
■which we have a right to allow from those
claims which, however much they may excite
our compassion or our sympathy, we have no
right to allow. That, I submit, is the true rule ;
and if we are to sit auditing each particular
account or claim, ungovemed by any principle
except the great principles of good-hearted-
ness, whatever they may be, we undertake an
administration utterly hopeless, utterly endless,
utterly impossible, and at, the samfe time- we
adopt a rule certain, if in nothing else, to Work
great injustice ; because then it mast depend
upon the mood and temper of the Senate ; it
must depend on how far, at the time, the Sen-
ate is in haste ; as somebody has said, it would
depend very much upon whether the question
were raised before or after dinner; very much
upon whether some Senators to whom I might
refer were engaged at that time in pointing to
the clock and anxious to refresh themselves
upon more nourishing provender than that
which is found in the Senate; so that that
would be very uncertain.
Now, Mr. President, to conclude, I submit
to the honorable Senator this other proposi-
tion:' if a man has a claim upon him, or if lie
has no claim upon him, he has a right to put
his hand in his pocket, in his generosity, and
lend or give just what he pleases; but when
he is acting as trustee, which I conceive to be
our precise character here in its highest estate,
voting away money not his own, determining
a question which he has no right to have any
feeling about, which he has no right to regard
as a question arising between a friend of his
and some one that is not his friend, but to be
determined entirely by the considerations which
determine its belonging or its not belonging to
the class of claims which in a court of law or
a court of equity, as the case may be, would
be respected—1 submit, to him that, sitting
here in that character, he has nothing to do in
this case except to determine whether in the
abstract it and all other such claims could be
defended or not. That is the question. If it
could not be, if this man had made this con-
tract with a bank, and if any court of law or
any court of equity would turn him out of
court, saying this is a case of hardship, just
such hardships as you can see a thousand of
in Walnut street or State street or Wall street
every day in the week, where a man is re-
duced from affluence to beggai-y, depending on
whether he takes one view or the othei1 of the
up or down in the market—if, I say, a court
of equity would turn him out, saying that, then
we have no right to pay this claim. Certainly
we have no right to pay it unless I am wrong
in supposing that we, as the representatives of
the Government of the United States, do our
whole duty when we reduce the Government
to the precise footing of an individual amen-
able to all the processes of law; and really I
think I cannot be mistaken in that. If I am
right in that, then the Senator must admit that
this joint resolution is wholly indefensible.
Mr. President, it is a small matter in a cer-
tain sense. In these times of large sums we
come to regard such things as this as small.
It involves, I think, something more than
$35,000. We know what it is. If it were to
stop with this one case, it might be treated as
a matter small enough to be made exceptional
if any distinction could be drawn. But 1 look
upon it as one of a class, a sample of con-
tracts of which the country is full, and amount-
ing to a sum which it would be difficult to over-
state. I have only to say that if it is to be
allowed, if one, at least, of the elements of
this resolution be sanctioned, I do not know
who i3 not to be paid, or upon-what claim, so
long as it is founded in sincerity and anything
that looks like hardship, a man cannot recover
under the precedent which we shall set.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to
be engrossed^ and the joint resolution to be
read a third time. It was read the third time.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 7 ; as follows :
r- Messrs. Anthony, Chandler. Cole, Corbott,
Cragm,fowler, Ha rkin.liowe, Morrill ofMaine, Mor-
rili ot V eimcmt, Patterson of Tennessee, Potneroy,
itamsey, Jtosfi. Sherman, 8pragno, Stewart, Thayer,
■vt?£sIr-,1imbu11' Wade>  u<t Willey—22.
JJ-essre. Cunkling, Dixon, Ferry, Fessea-
den, JMcOreery, Morgan, and Wilson—7.
