THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the United States who holds for a term of
years, if he die, resign, or be removed from
office pending his term, the term ends and his
successor takes a new full term. But it may
be said that our present case is a peculiar one,
because-a Vice President is provided to fill
out the term of a President, who dies, resigns,
or is removed. The Constitution does not say
that. It says that in case of the death, &c.,
of the President, the duties of the presidential
office shall devolve upon the Vice President.
If it be a case of temporary disability of the
President the Vice President will perform the
duties of the office until the disability shall be
removed. If it be a case of vacancy in the
presidential office the Vice President will per-
form the duties of the office during the time or
term for which he was elected Vice President.
He becomes President in fact, not for the
term of another, but for his own.
The Constitution provides that when there is
no President or Vice President to discharge
the duties of the presidential office, such duties
shall be discharged by some other officer to be
designated by law, until a new President shall
be chosen. But under an existing law (act
of March 1, 1792) such choice of a new Pres-
ident may possibly be made by electors, two
or three years before the running out of the
former President's term, and yet the new Pres-
ident will be chosen and will hold for a full
four-year term. The old and the new terms
will not overlap each other in such case, will
not be coexistent to any extent, because the
former ends with the event, whatever it may
be, which causes the vacancy in the presiden-
tial office.
We may conclude, then, that tlie words " the
term of the President" mentioned in the ten-
ure-of-offiee act and in the Constitution is the
actual period of service of a President—in-
cluding any time of temporary disability—and
that such term may end by death, resignation,
or removal, as well as by the regular expira-
tion of four years. It follows that Mr. Stan-
ton could not claim to hold his place as Secre-
tary of War under the tenure created by the
proviso to the first section of the tenure-of-
office act, even though he had been appointed
in fact or constructively in Mr. Lincoln's sec-
ond term of service as President of the United
States. In no sense can it be said that he is
holding his office in or during "the term of
the President" by whom he was appointed.
But if this be granted it becomes evident
that his case is quite outside of the tenure-of-
office act, and wholly unaffected by it. And
the plain words of the act of 1789, and the lan-
guage of his commission, declare him to be
subject to removal at the pleasure of the Pres-
ident.
I shall not examine at length the adroit argu-
ment which places Mr. Stanton's ease within
the body of the first section of the tenure-of-
officc act upon its logical expulsion from the
proviso. This is evidently an after thought,
which can derive but little support from verbal
criticism, and none whatever from the history
or policy of the law. Plainly the purpose of
the law was to put all heads of Departments
in a separate class and attach them to the par-
ticular Presidents by whom they are appointed.
No President shall have Secretaries imposed
upon him whom he has not selected, nor (as
I construe the law) shall he be compelled to
retain in a second term those he had selected
in his first. He may once in any term freely
choose his advisers, (subject only to senatorial
confirmation,) but if reelected he is not bound
to keep them, nor can he in any case impose
them upon his successor. The law only binds
him to retain them (when once chosen) during
the term, or remainder of the term, in which
they are selected, and then they retire.
But this evident policy of the law is in flat
contradiction of the argument which places
Mr. Stanton's case within the body of the sec-
tion, and assigns to him a tenure of indefinite
duration in the future. No future President ;
(any more than the present one in case of his ;
reelection) could shake oft' this Secretary with- I
out the consent of the Senate, if this argument
be sou^d.
Not one word was uttered in either House
of Congress when the act was passed indicat-
ing that the Lincoln Secretaries were ineluded
or intended to be included in the Jjody of the
first section ; but a most explicit statement was
made by Senator Sherman (without dissent
from any quarter) that they were excluded
from the protection of the act and would re-
main subject to removal by the President.
It is charged in the first article of impeach-
ment as an ingredient of the offense therein
alleged to have been committed by the Presi-
dent, or as a serious aggravation thereof, that
the order for the removal of Mr. Stanton was
issued during a session of the Senate and with-
out senatorial advice and consent. This par-
ticular accusation was supposed by many in
the outset of this controversy to be unanswer-
able. But it possesses no importance what-
ever. For neither the constitutional argument
for executive power to make removals from
office, nor the act of 1789 organizing the War
Department, nor any other former statute re-
lating to removals, nor the practice of the Gov-
ernment, recognizes any distinction of time
(in making removals) between session and re-
cess. The President in all cases where he is
authorized to remove an officer may remove
him during a session of the Senate as well as
in a recess between sessions, for aught that
appears in the constitutional reasoning, in the
legislation, or in the practice of the past.
Prior to 1867 all removals were to be made
by the President upon his own responsibility,
without senatorial advice or consent. Whether
the Senate was in session or not when a removal
was made, was, therefore, wholly immaterial
to his exercise of his power. The presence of
the Senate was of importance only when a new
and complete appointment was to be made to
fill a vacancy, whether produced by removal or
other cause.
Upon the whole we must come to the con-
clusion, that if Mr. Stanton holds uuder the
tenure-of-office act he cannot be removed,
either in session or in recess, without the con-
sent of the Senate ; but if he does not hold
under that act, then, under the prior laws and
practice of the Government, he may be removed
by the President at any time. In either case
the charge that he was removed during a ses-
sion oftheSenate is unimportant, if not absurd.
The order for the removal of Mr. Stanton was
in exact conformity with the precedent in the
case of Timothy Pickering, Secretary of State,
who was removed from office by President
Adams on the 12th of May, 1800.
The first, session of the Sixth Congress began
December 2, 1799, and ended May 1-t, 1800.
(Trial, p. 595.) The removal was therefore
during a session of the Senate. On Saturday
May 10, President Adams wrote to Mr. Picker-
ing requesting him to resign, and stating his
desire for an answer to his communication
"on or before Monday morning, because the
nomination of a successor must be sent to the
Senate as soon as they shall sit." This last
remark was obviously made with reference to
the adjournment of Congress; for by resolution
of the 21st of April the two Houses had agreed
to adjourn the session on Monday, May 12,
and a resolution of the Senate to extend the
session to the 14th had just been rejected by
the House. (3 Senate Journal, 77, 78,92.)
It was necessary, therefore, that a nomination
of a successor should be sent to the Senate
"as soon as they should sit" on Monday, in
order to confirmation before the final adjourn-
ment of the session.
Mr. Pickering's answer, refusing to resign,
is dated on Monday, the 12th, and it is a fair
if not inevitable conclusion, from the facts
known to us, that it was sent to the President
on the morning of that day. For the Presi- ]
dent had requested that the answer should* bo i
sent to him on or before that morning, and he j
took action upon the answer, which indicates
that he received it at that time. He issued an
order dated the 12th, peremptorily discharging
Mr. Pickering from further service as Secre-
tary of State, and as soon as the- Senate met,
on the same day, sent to it a message nominat-
ing •' John Marshall, of Virginia, to be Secre-
tary of State in place of Timothy Pickering,
removed." (Trial, pp. 356, 357.),
On May 12, a resolution passed both Houses
extending the session to the 14th, (3 Senate
Journal, 92, 94,) and on Tu.esdsty, the 18,th, the
Senate, in executive session, confirmed, the
nomination of/Judge Marshall as Secretary of
State. (Trial, p. 359.)
It is clear, then, that Mr. Pickering was
removed during a session of Congress and of
the Senate ; that he was removed before a nom-
ination of his successor was transmitted to the
Senate, and that his successor was confirmed
and appointed on a subsequent day.
The views of the managers of the impeach-
ment upon the Pickering case, as expressed by
them to the Senate upon this trialj appear to
be quite groundless. One of them [Mr. Bct-
xjerj was of opinion that the nomination of
Marshall was sent to the Senate before the
order of dismissal was sent to Pickering, (Trial,
pp. 358, 359, 360,) while another [Mr. Bing-
ham J insisted at length that the order of- re-
m oval was issued before the Senate " had com-
menced its session," and that President Adams
"did not consider that it was proper even under
the law of 1789 for him to make that removal
during the session of the Senate." (Trial, p.
1173.) Neither one of these contradictory
opinions can stand. It is very evident that the
removal of Pickering preceded the nomination
of Marshall, and it is beyond dispute that the
entire transaction was during a session of the
Senate, and not in recess. The Senate had
been in session for months; it sat on the pre-
ceding Saturday, (3 Senate Journal, 92,) and
there can be no pretense of a vacation or recess
on the Monday when Pickering was removed
from office.
The Pickering case is therefore a decisive
authority in support of the order for the removal
of Stanton.
the thomas articles.
The second, third, and eighth articles of
impeachment charge the designation by the
President of General Thomas to perform the
duties of Secretary of War ad interim, as
unlawful, and as constituting a high misde-
meanor in office.
I think that that act of the President was
authorized by the act of 13th February, 1795,
(1 Statutes-at-Large, 416.) But in view of the
argument that the law of 1795 is no longer in
force, it becomes necessary to consider, in
connection, the several laws which relate to
official vacancies and disability of officers in
the several Executive Departments.
The act of 8th of May, 1792, section 8, pro-
vides :
' i>
"In case of the death, absence from the seat of
Government, or sickness of the Secretary of State,
Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secretary of the
War Department, or of any officer of either of the
said Departments whose appointment is not in the
head thereof, whereby they cannot perform the duties
of their said respective offices, it shall be lawful for
the President of the United States, in case he shall
think it necessary, to authorize any person or persons,
at his discretion, to perform the duties of the said
respective offices until a successor be appointed,
or until such absence or inability by sickness shall
cease."—1 Stat., 281.
This act, it will be seen, was confined to the
Departments of State, of the Treasury, and of
War, which were the only ones organized when
the act was passed. It will be seen, also, that
the act applies only to cases of vacancy occa-
sioned by death, and to cases of disability
occasioned by sickness or absence from the
seat of Government.
The act of 23th of February, 179-5, in its
first section, makes further provision, as fol-
lows :
44 In case of vacancy in the office of Secretary of
State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secretary
of the Department of "War, or of any officer of either
of the said Departments, whose appointment is not
in the head thereof, whereby they cannot perform
the duties of their said respective offices, it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, in ease
he shall think it necessary, to authorize any person
