1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BROMWELL. I move to strike out
"Wabash" and insert "Embarras."
Mr. GARFIELD. That will embarrass the
bill. [Laughter.]
Jlr. BitOM WELL. It is the bill itself
which will embarrass the country. [Renewed
laughter.] If the public Treasury is now to
be poured out upon the little streams in all
the byways and places of the country, then the
Embarras river should not be neglected. It
connects two districts. It flows out of my
district into that of my colleague's, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] both Radical districts; mine radically
Republican and his radically Democratic, and
it will make a bond of union between them.
[Laughter. ] If rivers hardly navigable require
improvement how much more the Embarras,
■which never has been navigable and never
will be unless something is done for it. [Re-
newed laughter.] As it is now a steamboat
could barely turn round in the Embarras river,
and all the more necessity for improving it.
Why not just as well spend our time in digging
now rivers as in patching up old bars and
making new harbors where there is just
barely a pretense of commercial advantage?
[Laughter.]
I know it is said that these appropriations
are for the benefit of works already, begun.
The idea of continuing works already begun
which are of no public value upon the ground
that it is to save money is as bad as a man
taking the medicine he has left over after
recovering in order not to lose it. [Renewed
laughter.] We are spending millions of dol-
lars every y,a,x to very little purpose; and
now when the country is embarrassed, when
we feel the pressure in the West as we have not
felt it since 1857, I do think we ought to con-
fine our appropriations to works of thegreatest
public utility.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Is the Embarras
river a good place for harbors ?
Mr. BROMWELL. It is one hundred miles
long, and in every crook of it you can dig out
a good harbor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are you for the
Wabash liver improvement?
Mr. BROMWELL. I am for the Wabash,
but I do not want the Embarras neglected and
overlooked. The amendment is offered upon
the principle which moves gentlemen here. It
is the best river I have in my distiict, and I
must speak for some. [Laughter.] If the
House does not adopt my amendment I hope
it will at b'ast strike out all of the others, or at
least provide f'or the improvement of the Em-
barras river o.t some future time. It was once
declared navigable by the Illinois Legislature,
[laughter,] and in order to make that good I
feel bound, as a Representative from that State,
to call upon the United States to dig it out and
put it in a condition for boating. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote.
The amendment of Mr. Bkomwei.l .to the
amendment of Mr. Niblack was disagreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment:
For the improvement of the navigation of Salt
river, that the dreary passage up the rapid and tur-
bulent waters ot this great national highway may be
rendered less grievous to the motley crowd of invol-
untary exiles, who, about November next, will be
seeking "some sequestered spot" where a "white
man's Government " may be maintained in its purity,
unci lor whose benefit in carrying out so laudable an
enterprise a four years' leave of absence has been
unconditionally granted, $10,000,
Mr. ELIOT. I raise a point of order on
that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains it.
The amendment is not germane.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Niblack; and it was disagreed to—ayes
twenty-eight, noes not counted.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to close debate on the
pending section. It seems to me the House
has signified its disposition in reference to
these appropriations.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
not make that motion at this point.
Mr. ELIOT. It will not cut off amend-
ments ; only debate.
Mr. PHELPS. That is the very thing I
object to.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that debate on the
pending section be closed.
Mr. PHELPS. Will that prevent me from
making an explanation of an amendment?
The SPEAKER. If the motion is agreed
to it will.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which debate was closed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to move an amendment
after the one hundredth line.
The SPEAKER. That has been passed ;
the House is now considering the one hundred
and second line.
Mr. ROSS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer an amendment which I think will be sat-
isfactory to the House.
Mr. ORTII. I object.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
as follows:
For improvement of the Patapsco river, below Port
McHenry, $30,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to increase the
amount to §75,000. I ask leave to make an
explanation.
Mr. SPALDING. I object, unless it shall be
open to debate to the whole House.
The amendment of Mr. Phelps was dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of the Susquehanna river. §10,000.
For improvement of the Hudson river, New York,
$100,000.
For removing obstructions in East river, including
licit Gate, feOOO.OOO.
For i mpro veinent of W estpor t harbor, Conn ecticut.
$10,000.
For improvement of Connecticut river, Connecti-
cut, $20,000.
Mr. IIOTCIIIvISS. I move to increase the
last appropriation to §40,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For removal ofMiddie Kock, A ew Haven, Connecti-
cut, 3plo,000.
For improvement, of Pmvtucket harbor, ^3.000.
For improvement of Plymouth harbor, ilassaehu-
setts, (£15,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to insert " For
improvement of harbors at Cuttyliunk and
Tarpaulin Cove, in Massachusetts, $100,000."
There will be no objection to that I presume.
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly there is objection.
They are in my district.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For construction and preservation of sea-walls at
Great Biewater Island, $10,000.
For building watts and improvements at Deer and
Lovelt's Islands, in Boston harbor, $10,000.
For preservation and improvement ot Boston har-
boi, ftioo;ooo.
For improvement of Taunton river, Massachusetts,
5-13,000.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I offer the following
amendment, and I will state that it has been
| agreed upon by the Committee on Commerce :
I At the end of lino one hundred and twenty-eight
i insert the following:
' Forcompletion of the breakwater connecting Paeli-
inond Island and Cape Elizabeth, Maine, $.30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of Saeo river, Maine, $20,000.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out''§20,000''
and insert *' Sj-±0,000.':
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk then read as follows :
For improvomentof Kennebec river, Maine, $3,000.
Mr. BLAINE. That is the only modest
appropriation in the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman is not satis-
fied, we will strike it out if he wishes it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
that motion ?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir.
The Clerk read as follows :
For Improvement of Penobscot river, Maine, 830,000.
Mr. ROOTS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after that clause :
For improvement of White river, in Arkansas,
$78,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. Would it be in order to go
back to the preceding paragraph and move to
strike out " $3,000" and insert "twelve and a
half cents?"
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to go
back.
Mr. PAINE. I hope unanimous consent
will be given to the gentleman to go back for
that purpose.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to going back.
Mr. BLAINE. It is very magnanimous on
the part of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paixe,] who has got millions in this bill for his
State.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman misunder-
stands me.
The SPExVKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. McKEE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the paragraph
last read :
For the improvement of the jiavigation of the Big
Sandy river between Kentucky and West Virginia.,
820,000; and for said river above Louisa, @15,000
additional.
I wish to say that this river runs between
two States.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk then read as follows :
For improvement of navigation at the "Gut,"
opposite Hath, Maine, $10,500.
For improvement ot' Union river, Maine, $2,000.
For construction of breakwater at Block island,
Rhode Island, 871,000.
For improvement of Willamette river, Oregon,
$25,000.
F'or removal of Blossom Hoc!:, in the harbor of San
Francisco, $60,000.
For survey of northwestern lakes, $75,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out that last paragraph, S'5,000 for
survey of northwestern lakes. It is in another
bill, the deficiency bill.
Mr. ELIOT, in answer to that I will say
that this sum is needed as v/ell as that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Seventy-
live thousand dollars is enough.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in orden
The question wastaken on Mr. Washburxe's
motion, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For examination and surveys on western and north-
western rivers, S125,000. ...
For examination and surveys ontheAtiantic coast,
$30,000.
For examination and surveys on the Pacific coast,
For purchase and repair of instruments, $5,000.
No further amendments were offered to the
first section; and the second section was read,
as follows :
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enarted, That the Secretary
of Wa-r shall apply the sums herein appropriated for
other purposes than tor examination and survey, by
coutiact, in all cases when, in his judgment, thosamo
can bo judiciously and economically so applied:
Provided, That on the recommendation of the gen-
eral commanding the corps of engineer,-, such bums
may be otherwise applied so us best to subserve the
interests of the Government, having regard to the
moAt economical use of the moneys appropriated, m
ail cases wheie the &unis icquircd for any specific
work shall not exceed £>15,000. And the Secretary ol
War shall prescribe suitable rules tor the issuing of
proposals tor materials or labor, having regard to
the mofrt cffcctivc use of moneys appropriated: Pro-
vided, That separate proposals and contracts_ shall
be required in all easeswhen the same can be, m the
judgment of the iSecretarj, judiciously and piopcrly
made.
No amendment was offered; and the Clerk
read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be if further enacted, That the sum of
$450,000 is hereby appropriated toward completing
the Louisville and Portland canal, in accordance
with the plans add estimates made in the report oi
General Godfrey Woitzel, and that the Government
of the United States do hereby assume the-payment
of the bonds issued for the completion of the^ id
canal and branch, amounting to the sum ot fcJ.ob/.lwU.
Provided. That all title to and right u  said eanai and
its appurtenances be ceded to and vested in th e United
States, and that the State of Kentucky shall relinquish
all claim to the government of the same; said canal
