162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
has loosened the fetters of the Cuban and the
Brazilian slave, in the mighty progress of ideas
which marks this as the grandest epoch in the
world's history, Tennessee has led the advance.
Her place, like that of her sons in the great
campaigns of the war, has been on the skirmish
line. She holds her position with a steady
hand and a level eye, expecting and confident
that she will be supported by all true men South
and North who believe in the great principles
which she has been the first practically to assert.
[appendix.
Washington, D. C., January 7,1861.
Dear Fbiend : Yours of the 27th ultimo is to hand,
anil allow me to thank you.foritis refreshing indeed
to one so far from homo, and at this particular crisis.
It affords me much pleasure to hear you are almost
unanimous for the Union. I regret that there is one
secessionist in my district, but I suppose there are a
few.
South Carolina and the other cotton States are
acting badly, and justly deserve the condemnation
of every patriot. All the South Carolina members
have left, and others say they will leave in a short
time. Our trouble in settling all this difficulty, is
the extreme men, both North and South. The latter
is the worst of the two. They say they do not want
any compromise, will accept none, but out of the
Union they intend to go, headlong, regardless of
consequences. They say they did not come here to
make any concession orcompromise, butcome and are
staying to forward secession and dissolve the Union.
This has evidently been their intention for years
past. We who are for the perpetuity of the Union have
a luird time. Wo have both extremes to fight. I
sometimes feel that all is lost—am almost ready to
give up the old ship. But then a new idea will striko
me. I go forward again. We got up a meeting of
border States, free and slave, and the committee
appointed havo agreed upon a plan of adjustment,
something like the Crittenden proposition, that you
have no doubt seen. I am of opinion that it can be
put through and save the country. Great God 1 the
idea of breaking up this—the best Government on
earth—is horrible 1 Ought we not to make conces-
sion and compromise? Ought we not to exhaust
every remedy? Ought we not to wait and consult
the people first? I think so. The cause of all this
trouble does not grow out of the form of our Govern-
ment—it is not the fault of the Constitution, the
Union, or the laws. No 1 but it is bad men—traitors
to their country—disappointed office-seekers, ambi-
tious demagogues, and corrupt politicians.
Can we not afford to endure a little for a time to
save the country? Our fathers suffered the hardships
of a camp-life for seven long years to gain our inde-
pendence and freedom. Our glorious Constitution
was agreed upon and adopted by concession and
compromise. Then, ought we not to try to imitate
the example of them? There is but one wayto save
the country, and that is in a bold stand for our rights
in the Union and not out. I say we can save it, and
will do it. Let us stand to our post like men, like
patriots, and put down fanaticism North and seces-
sionism South.
I have already wrote more than I intended when
I commenccd, and will close by making one appeal
to you and our friends; that is. to hold on to the old
ship—the stars and stripes. Never! no, never give
it up ; but let us rally under the old flag, and if need
bo, let us die with it. For one, I will never give it
up. Write me often. Tender my best wishes to your
good lady.
I will send you a copy as desired, soon.
Your friend,
W. B. STOKES.
William Bosson.]
Mr. VAN TRUMP obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. MARSHALL. I would ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment, if the com-
mittee will permit me at this time, by unani-
mous consent, to make a few remarks.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would have no objec-
tion to yielding to either the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] or the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] if it were not to
be taken out of my time.
Mr. PAINE. If it will be agreeable to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Van Trump,] and
he will yield to me for that purpose, I will
move that the committee now rise. The gen-
tleman will have an opportunity to make his
remarks to-morrow.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I will yield for that
purpose if it is the pleasure of the committee
to rise now.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, according to order, had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the President's
annual message, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
gettysburg asylum gift enterprise.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit a resolution at this time, and to
make a few explanatory suggestions thereon.
I will first ask that the resolution be read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be directed to report to this House the reasons
why the supervisors of tho scheme known as "The
Gettysburg Asylum for Invalid Soldiers" have been
exompted from the payment of the special tax or
duty on the lottery called by them a gift enter-
prise."
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit that resolution for considera-
tion at this time, and to make a few remarks
upon it.
No objection was made.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Were it not that this
scheme has sought to throw around itself the
apparent indorsement of the State of Penn-
sylvania and of the General Government to
give it character I would not deem it neces-
sary that it should be noticed in this House. It
appears that this scheme was started in the
month of March last, originating evidently in
New York city, but the charter was obtained
from the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
At that time the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue exempted the scheme from the pay-
ment of the special tax required by the revenue
law. But that was not sufficient for these gentle-
men. The scheme seemed to drag awhile, and
then they renewed it again a few weeks since.
At that time they succeeded in bringing to their
aid the Postmaster General of the United
States. From him they have obtained a letter
directed to his twenty thousand postmasters in
the United States, asking them to aid this
"truly charitable and patriotic enterprise."
These gentlemen, therefore, hold themselves
forth to the world as being incorporated by the
State of Pennsylvania, with the protection of
the revenue department in their exemption
from taxation, and as now having the assist-
ance of the Postmaster General of the United
States, who asks all his postmasters to give
their aid to this enterprise. Yet it is to-day
one of the most infamous frauds and swindles
that has ever been sought to be perpetrated
under the guise and mantle and pretense of
charity for our disabled soldiers and for the
children of deceased soldiers.
Now if the House will allow me a moment
to state—and I do so not so much for the infor-
mation of the House as for the protection of
the people of this country against a fraud and
swindle—I will state in a word or two the
nature of this scheme.
It is proposed by the managers of this enter-
prise to give away various sums of money and
also many presents. The first present is "a
splendid farm," which they value at $00,000.
Now it so happens that this "splendid farm"
lyss in my own congressional district, and
instead of its being worth $00,000 it would not
sell to-day for $6,000. These swindlers have
organized together and under this pretense of
charity of which I have spoken they seek to
put $54,000 into their own pockets, while they
give away to somebody this farm, which is not
worth $6,000. It would be a curse to any man
who has to take it, particularly if in order to
take it he has to remove from where he may
be now doing a lucrative business.
Last summer they advertised this farm as
being worth $60,000 with the stock upon it.
It was said to be a valuable farm of two hun-
dred acres. There was a pond, too, which
abounded, I suppose, in porgies and bull-
heads. They said that the stock would pass
with the farm. Now, in the advertisements
to the postmasters all over the country they
do not propose to include the stock. I pre-
sume the place last summer did not raise
enough to support the stock, and they had to
be taken off. Only the bare farm is now ]
advertised as worth SCO,000, when, as I have j
said, it is not worth $6,000. I
And the Postmaster General recommends
postmasters throughout the country to aid in
this patriotic and charitable purpose. The
- balance of the prizes consist in diamonds ; and
that ought to have struck the attention of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue as well as
the Postmaster General there was fraud in
this thing. They advertise an immense amount
of diamonds. These diamonds do not belong
to the association. The diamonds, or pretended
diamonds, belong to a tobacconist in the city
of New York. There is no doubt as to the
mode in which they came into his possession.
These gentlemen, very much like those who
get up gift enterprises, were in collusion with
jewelers, who certified that these were valu-
able jewels, pure diamonds; and then they
| induced this tobacconist to advance $200,000
on them. In a little while lie discovered that
they were not pure diamonds, and in order to
save himself he took an interest in this matter.
The whole thing is, as I have characterized it
already, a fraud and a swindle; and we ought
not to allow $1,200,000 to be taken out of the
pockets of honest people.
j The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WYCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the lable.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
samuel chase de krafft.
The SPEAKER laid before the House House
bill No. 143, to change the name of Samuel
Chase Barney, jr., returned from the Senate
with an amendment to make the title read as
follows: '• An act to provide for changing the
names of persons in the District of Columbia.''
: The amendment was agreed to.
owen griffin.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Owen Grifiin ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
texas judicial districts.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I wish to in-
troduce a bill which has been drawn by a gen-
tleman in Texas. I do not wish to be under-
stood as committed to it. It is a bill to increase
the number of judicial districts in Texas.
The_ bill was received, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
exemption from tax.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the internal revenue law as to exempt
from payment of stamp duty all official bonds exe-
cuted to or for the use of corporations, societies, and
associations of any kind organized for social, educa-
tional, religious, charitable, or benevolent purposes,
with leave to roport by bill or otherwise.
capture of jeff. davis.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committee to which was referred
the report of the Secretary of War on the subject of
awarding the bounty offered for tho capture of Jeff.
Davis be directed to report to this House as soon as
possible, so that the amounts due the soldiers who
captured him may be paid.
n. a. siicttleworth.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill for the relief
of N. A. Shuttleworth, of Harrison county,
West Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
shakers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, ThattheCommis«ioner of In ter.il Revenue
be directed to inform this House whether under tli^
Seculiar arrangements of tho Shaker institution at
'ew Lebanon, Now York, it has been decided and is
