2570
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
affording aid and comfort to rebels against theauthor-
uy ot the united States, and all proceedings and acts
uono or had by courts-martial or miht-uy commis-
sions, or arrest or imprisonment made in thepiem-
oy any person by the authority ot the orders and
proclamations of the President, made as aforesaid,
or in aid thereof, are hereby approved in all respects,
legalized tmd mode .valid, to the same extent and
with the same effect as if said ciders and proclama-
tions had been issued and made, and said arrests, ltn-
pusonmenks, proceedings, and acts had been done
imacr the previous express authority and direction
oi the Congress ot the United State*, and m pursu-
ance oi a law thereof previously enacted and ex-
pressly authorizing and directing the same to be
done. And no civil court of the Uuiled Slates, or
of any Shite, or of the District of Columbia., or of
any district or Territory of the United States, bhall
have or take jurisdiction of, or in any manner rc-
vor>e anv of the proceeding had or acts done as
aforesaid; nor shall any peison be held to answer in
any ot s.ud eoui ts ioi ,ui> aid done or omitted to be
donein pursuance oj, in aid of any of bnidanoelania-
tionsor orders, <>r by authoiity ot with the approval
of the President, within the period aforesaid, and
respecting any ot the matters alorcsaid: and all oih-
cers and other poraoua in tho service of the United
States, ur who acted in aid thereof, acting in the
premises, shall bo held prima facie to have been au-
thonzed by the Pieaidcnt, and all acts and paits of
acts hererolori'parsed inconsistent with the mo\is-
ions of this act &ic lieieby repealed;"' and whereas
it is alleged that citizens ot the United States were
arrested and impusom-d between the 4th day of
March, A. i). 1S01, and the 1st day of July. A. 1).
I860, under the alleged authority of the aforesaid
acts and pioclamations and orders, and aftoiwards
discharged without trial either iu the civii or mil-
itary courts; and whereas it is alleged that many
citizens so arrested and imprisoned then were, and
ever have been, loyal to the Constitution and tho
Union, and were unjustly arrested and imprisoned,
but by reason ot said discharge without tiial and
the afoiesaid lecitcd act they eanuol establish theii
innocence, and their charaeteis arc tainted with the
suspicion of treason; and whereas it is icasonable
and just that ioi every wrong there should be a
remedy provided by law: Therefore,
litxolvfi, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency oi report-
ing a joint" l csol ution authoi i/any the appointment
of commissioners or courts ot inquiry duly author-
ized to inquire into and report the causes of said ar-
rest and imprisonment oi a citizen in every case where
such citizen shall demand such inquiry by petition,
verified by the oath or affirmation ot the petitioner.
The question war put upon seconding the
previous question, arid there were only eighteen
in the affirmative.
So the previous question, was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I rise to
debate the resolution.
Debate arising, the resolution went over.
DUELING IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. JEXCKES. 1 offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the truth of the report
-that a duel has been iought in or near the District ot
Columbiain pursuance of aehallcngc or arrangement
made within this District between a person in the
diplomatic service of the United States and a secre-
tary ot one of the foreign legations, and, if they lind
such an ofiense has boon committed, to report to this
llouse whether a due respect for the laws of the Uni-
ted States does noi irqun e the House to take meas-
ures tor the reiuuv «u hom oifi.ee ot the diplomatic of-
ficer and for the recall by his own Government of tho
secretary of the legation; and that for the purpose
of this inquiry, the said committee are empowered to
send for persons and pa per?.
Mr. BANKS. I have only to say that the
Government has taken action on this subject,
and has done all that can be done already.
Therefore no inquiry is necessary.
Mr. JENCKES. Then letthe committee so
report.
The resolution was agreed to.
JAMES II. BIRCH.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
duiing the morning hour of to-day is the eon-
sideiution of resolutions lying, .over, under the
rule, in consequence of debate arising thereon,
the fiist of which is a resolution offered on the
Oih of March by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. McOokmick.] The Clerk will reportthe
resolution.
Thp resolution was read as follows :
lU'ioioed, That there be paid to James H. Bireli,
oi the State of Missouri, out of the contingent tund
ot the House, S2.5UU, in lull for time spent andex-
po.is'r-5 incurred. m prosecuting his claim to a seat in
this House.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion. „
Mi WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has that
vlsolution the recommendation of the Commit-
too of Elections?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it was
offered individually by the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. MeCORMICK. I have no objection to
the reference of the resolution to the Commit-
tee of Elections ; and I make that motion.
The lesolutiou was accordingly referred to
the Committee of Elections.
COMPUTATION OF COMMUTK13 CLERKS.
The next resolution lying over, under the
rule, was as follows :
linolved, That tho resolution of ttio House passed
March the 3d instant, iu tho futluvrin? words:
"/{noltml. That tho clerks tn tho committees in
tho House of ltopresentatives shall receive the same
additional compensation as tho other employ6s ot
the Mouse;"
Shall he so construed as to increase the compensa-
tion of those committee clerks now receiving tour
dollars per day twenty per cent.; iindthe Clerk of the
House of liepi-csentni ives is hereby authorized rojia.y
them al. the rate of it 80 per day during tho sessions
of liio fortieth Congress.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will be
recollected that I opposed this addition of
twenty per cent, to the compensation of other
employes, but the House passed it. I think it
would be manifest injustice to make any dis-
crimination between the different employes of
the House. I tli'ink the resolution should be
passed, and upon it I call the previous ques-
tion.
Tho previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and underthe operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNK, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid 011 the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
ORDEtl 01' BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The States will be again
called for resolutions, as 011 the last call many
of them were not reached.
TltlliUTK TO AJSKAllA.U LINCOLN.
Mr. VAN TRUMP submitted the following
resolution;
Jir-wlvcd, That the Committeo on Printing be, and
the same arc hereby, instructed to icpoit to this
llouse at as earlv a day as may be convenient r
The number y>l copies heretofore printed ot what is
known as "Tributes of the .Nations to Abraham Lin-
coln," in relation to his assassination and the at-
tempted anamination of William 11. Seward, Secre-
tary of State, and Frodeiick W. Seward, Assistant
Secretary, under and by virtue of the authority of a
joint resolution of the Senate and llouse ol Repre-
sentatives, pas&cd March 2,1807. Second. The number
ot copies of s>aid woik bound m lull morocco and full
gilt; the number bound in morocco, marbled edge,
and the number of copies in any other stylo of bind-
ing or unbound. Third. The cost per copy of those
bound in lull morocco and in full gilt; the cost per
copy of those bound in list If moioeco, marbled edge;
and the cost per copy of those in any other style of
bindin? or unbound. Fourth. The cost of engraving
and ot steel or copper-plate printing of the entire
edition of said work. Fifth. The number of copies
distributed in the United States and the number sent
abroad. Si.ith. rLhe entire aggregate cost of thewhole
edition of smdwork, including transportation and ail
other costs and charges.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution; and being taken, upon a division there
were—ayes 31, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Van Thump
and Mr. Pkiiham were appointed.
The llouse again divided; and tho tellers
reported—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. VAN THUMP. 1 call for the yeas and
nays upon adopting the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. VAX TitUMP. Upon that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays j and u])On a division there
were—ayes 21, noes 60.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the allirmaiive—yeas 71, nay a
not voting 85 ; a* follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Anderson. Arm-U, lielo^ U. Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benton, Blaine, Blair,
Boyer, Brom well, Cake, Churchill, Reader W;£Siarke,
Sidney Clark e, Cobb,Coburn, Dixon,Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Eerris&i Ferry, Fields, Garfield* Gravely,
Ili'gby, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, In-
gersoll Jenokes, Julian, Latlin, William Lawrence,
Loan, Lough ridge, Mallory: Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg,' Mcrcui, Myers, 2s ewconib, ^ uim,
O'Neill,Orth, Paine, Perhaifi. Plants, Poland, Poteley,
Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Scotield, Smith, fctark-
weather, Aaron h\ Stevens, Stokes, latte, Taylor,
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, l>urt \ un Dom,
liobert T. Van Horn, William B. Wasnburn, and
Windom—71. , , .... A ,
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Baiter,
Brooks, Bui r, Cary, Eldridge, Gets, Giossbrenner.
Go 11 ad ay, Grover. Harding, Johnson, Jones, Keisey,
Kerr, Knott, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Lynch,
McOormick, Morgan, Pike, Pru>n, xlandull. Loca,
Sit."i'«avcs, Taber, Lawrence S. lrimble, van irump,
Ward, and Elihu B. Washburne—33.
NUT VOT1JSG—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Axtoli, Bailey, Barnes, Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Boutweil, Broomall, Luckiand,
Butler, Ohanler, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom,
Dawes. Eeklcy, l^glcston, Ela, Tarnswoith, Fmncy,
Tox, Gnswold, liaight, Halsey, Hawkins, hill, iioi-
man, Hooper, liotchkiss, Asahel \V . Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, liulburd, Humphrey, Judd, -Kelley,
lvetchaiii, Kitchen, Lincoln, Logan, Marshall, teo-
Cullough, Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Morrell, Alorris-
sey, Mullins, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Peters,
Phelps, Pile, Pouieroy, Price, Robinson, Schenck,
Selyc, Slianks, Shellabarger, Spalding, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Thomas, Twichell, V an
Aernam, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Heniy D. Washburn, Welk-er, Thomas
Williams, William "\\rilliaras, James F. Wilson, John
i\ Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbiidge,
and Wootlward—85.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
MESSAGE i'ROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Ha.mt.tx, one of its Clerks, notilyiug the
House that, that body had passed a jomt reso-
lution (S. H. Ko. 184) authorizing the change
of mail service between Fort Abercrorabie
and Helena, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
PAYMENT OF FIVE-TWENTY BONDS.
Mr. CARY submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question :
"Whereas the national honor requires th&paj'menfc
of tiie public indebtedness in the utmost good laitfc.
to allcreditors at home and abroad not only accord-
ing to the letter, but the spirit of the law under which
it was contracted;
liesocvcd. That neither the letter nor the spirit of
the laws under which the live-twenty bonds were is-
sued require the payment of the principal in coin,
and it wiil be in the utmost good faith to the holders
thereof, both at home and abroad, to pay them m
the same money with which the Government paid
the soldiersAvho fought the battles of the war, aud
with which it settles the claims of widows and or-
phans of oar fallen heroes, the same that laborers
are required to receive as wages and that which is
legal tender for the payment of all debts, public and
private, except customs duties and interest on the
public debt.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. VAN TlOKNj of .New York, moved
that the preamble and resolution be referred
to the Committee ot Ways and Means, and
demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GAilY demanded the yeas and nays.
Hie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. iiOcSS mo\ed that the pi eatable and
resolution be laid on thw table, and demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; audit was decided
in the negative—yeas 7, nays 'J'2. not voting
90; as follows:
YEAS—Mes&rs. Baldwin, Beaman, Blair, Dixon,
Jciu-kes, Mailory, and William B. \Va>hburn—7.
N Messrs. Adams, Allies, Anderson, Delos R.
Gravely, (jiovev, liaium^, iiigby, Hopkins, Chester
B. Hubbard, Hunter, lngci>oll, Johnson, Jouc>,
Julian, Keri.ivnou, -tvoont7., Latim, George V.Law-
rence, v\ llham Lawrence, Loan, Lougbridge, Lynch,
Alarshall, Marvin, McCarthy . McClurg, McCormick,
xUercur, Morgan, flyers, Neweomb, U'Neill, Orth,
Pame, 1 erham, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pruyn,
. \\ a-houroe, Wiuiam
i\' 1 ' ",uu, raiuu I:
W uhaui-3, and \\ indom— (.U.
' ^ * i?" 11N^'—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell,
i AxiolJ, JjtuU'y, llamea, liainum, Beatty, Ben-
