§12
SUPPLEMENT TO
or persons, at Ms discretion, to perform the duties
of said respective offiees until a successor be ap-
pointed or such vacancy be filled: Provided, That no
0tie vacancy shall be supplied in manner aforesaid
four a longer term than six months."
..This act has no application to cases of tem-
porary disability, but to oases of vacancy alone;
trot; as to such it is comprehensive and includes
those "of every- description. It is, however,
like that of 1702, confined to the Departments
of State, the Treasury, and War.
• Next follows the act of 20th of February,
1868. (12 Statutes-at-Large, 65.) Its passage
was recommended" by 'President Lincoln in a
special message'dated"2d of January, 1863,
which reads as follows:
" I sabmit to Congress theexpedieney of extending
to other JXepartmentsof theGovernment the author-
ity conferred on the President by the eighth section
of the act of the 8th May, 1192, to appoint a person to
temporarilydischargetliedutiesofSe'crotary of State,
Secretary of the Treasury, and Secretary of War, in
ease of the death, absence from the feat of Govern-
ment, or sickness, of either of these officers."
. In pursua.nce of this recommendation the act
was passed in the following words;
"In case of tho death, resignation, absence from
the seat of Government, or sickness of the head of
any executive Department of the Government, or
of anyofficer ofeitherof the said Departments whose
appointment is not in the head thereof, whereby they
cannot perform theduties of their respective offices,
it shall be lawlul for tile President of the United
States, in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ize tho head of any other executive Department, or
other officer in either of said Departments whose
appointment is vested in the President, at bisdisere-
tion, to perform the dutios of the said respective
offices until a successor be appointed, or until such
absence or inability by sickness shall ecaso: Pro-
vided, That no onevaeancy'shall be supplied in man-
ner aforesaid for a longer term than six months."'
It will be observed that this act follows
mainly the language of the act of 1792. The
particulars iu which it departs from it are
these:
1. It- extends to all the seven Executive
Departments instead of being confined to the
three which were in existence in 1792,
2. It applies to a case of vacancy by resig-
nation.
3. It authorizes the employment in tempo-
rary service in a Department of officers of
another Department, instead of " any person ''
as in the former laws ; and lastly, it borrows
from the aetof 1796 the limitation of six months
upon the term of special service in each ease
provided for.
Now the question is presented—did this act
of 1803 repeal by necessary implication the
vacancy act of 1795? It provides for the eases
of disability covered by the act of 1792, and for
cases of vacancy occasioned by death covered
by t ho same act. But it provides further for
cases of vacancy occasioned by resignation
which were not within the act of 1792, but would
appear to be within the act of 1795.
It is clear that when a later statute entirely
supplies the place of a former one it works its
repeal. '"And so where a later statute contra-
dicts a former one, or is plainly inconsistent
with it, the former law falls. In each ease
supposed, there is an implied or constructive
repeal of the old law.
And when the place of an old law is supplied
in part by a now one, or is iu part plainly
inconsistent with a new one, the same result
takes place as to such unnecessary or incon-
sistent parts of the old law.
Now, the act of 1863 makes provision only
for vacancies caused by death or resignation,
whereas the act of 1795 extended to all cases
of vacancy, including those caused by removal
or expiration of term of service. As there is
no express repeal of the old law, and as the
new one does not fully supply its place, the old
law must remain partly in force and still apply
to cases of vacancy caused by removal or
expiration of term.
And this view is strengthened by consider-
ing the fact that the act of 186:; was asked for
by Mr. Lincoln for no purpose of repealing
former laws, but to extend the disabilities act
of 1792 to all the Executive Departments.
It may be insisted upon further, that whereas
the act of 1795 did not repeal the act of 1792,
that of 1868 cannot be held to repeal the
act 6f 1795. Now, the act of 1792 was often
acted upon in the practice of the Government
down to recent times, and it was referred to by
Mr. Lincoln as a subsisting law in his com-
munication to Congress of 2d January, 1863.
If, then, tho act of 1795 did not. repeal the
act of 1792 because it provided for a case of
vacancy by death, and thus far supplied the
former law, the act of 1863 cannot be held to
repeal the act of 1795 because it provides for
cases of vacancy by death and by resignation.
In each case the elder statute continues in
force except so far as its place is filled by the
younger.
The argument so far proceeds upon the
ground that the act of 1863 is to some extent
inconsistentwith tire former laws and partially
displaces them. But is it clear that it is in-
consistent with those laws ? The former laws
authorize the President to designate " any
person" to discharge the duties of an office ad
interim, in case of vacancy therein or disabil-
ity of the incumbent. Is it certain that these
words, "any personshould be held to in-
clude any officer of the Government without
regard to the character of his office or the
duties and responsibilities charged upon him
by law? An officer under bond, if taken away
from his proper office and appropriate duties,
could not be held responsible upon bis bond
for any default caused thereby (nor his sure-
ties either) without gross injustice ; and many
other difficulties might be suggested upon such
construction of the law. At all events, one
would think that a very clear, specific, express
provision by statute would be necessary to with-
draw an officer from the duties of an office to
which he had been assigned by due appoint-
ment under the Constitution (upon senatorial j
confirmation) and assign him to duty in an- j
other office. The act of 1863 provides spe- i
cifieally that this may be done, and thus gave
a legal sanction to a practice which had ob-
tained to some extent before its passage. But.
it is very doubtful whether the disability and
vacancy acts of 1792 and 1795 conferred this
power of transferring officers from one office
to another upon the President. If they did
not, the act of 1863 may be held as addi-
tional to and not restrictive of the provisions
of the former laws, and all question of incon-
sistency between them will disappear. The
former laws may then be held to stand good !
as to all eases arising under them, and to j
authorize ad interim authority to "any per-
sons" not heads of or presidential appointees
in the Departments and charged with other
duties by law.
The rules for the construction of statutes
cited on behalf of the defense on this trial
tell very strongly against the argument for the
implied repeal of the act of 1795 by the act of
1863. Repeals by implication are not favored
by the law ; where a later statute is not plainly
inconsistent with a former one, both shail
stand; remedial statute shall be construed
liberally, so as to secure fully their object.
These and other rules sanctioned by the wisdom
of ages fully protect the statute of 1795 against
the argument of the prosecution, and give to
it a complete sanction as an existing law. xls-
suming that that act continued in force as to
vacancies occasioned by removal, it justified,
beyond all question, the letter of authority to
General Thomas of 21st February, authorizing
him to perform the duties of Secretary of War
ad interim, and the second, third, and eighth
articles of impeachment are wholly without
i support..
I It has been said that the tenure-of-office act
. repeals all prior laws which authorized ad
j interim service in the Executive Departments,
I but the fact is not so. The tenure-of-office
| act has no repealing clause, and its eighth sec-
! tion does most clearly recognize the validity
i of ad interim selections for executive offices.
; That section is as tollows :
| "That whenever the President shall, without the
advice and consent of the Senate, designate, author-
; ize, or employ any person to perform the duties of
i any office, he shall forthwith notify the Secretary of
' the Treasury thereof: and it tshsSl bo the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury thereupon to communi-
cate such notice to all the preper accounting and
disbursing officers of his Department."
Passing now from the general question of
ad interim legislation, it remains to incmire
whether the letter of authority to' General
Thomas was forbidden by any provision of the
tenure-of-office act. The sixth section of that
act provides:
"That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment, made, had, or exercised contrary to the pmvii-
iontt of this jiot, and the making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuing of any com mission or letter
of authority, for or in respect to any such appoint-
ment or employment, shall be deemed, and arehereby
declared to be, high misdemeanors," &c.
Now, an act done which is declared to be a
high misdemeanor by this section must be one
which is "contrary to the provisions" of this
act. And it is evident that it must contravene
some provision of the first, second, or third sec-
tions, because those alone relate to the subject-
matter of removal and appointment. But it
has been shown already that Mr. Stanton's case
is not within the first section of the act, and
that that section could not be violated by his
removal and the designation of Thomas to
supply his place ad interim. Nor have we in
hand a case of suspension or temporary ap-
pointmentor employment, in recess, under the
second section, nor the case of an office in
abeyance under the third section.
The sixth section, therefore, can find no pro-
vision in any other part of the law to which it
can attach itself for the purpose of charging a
misdemeanor upon the President of the United
States. In other words, the letter of authority
to General Thomas not being contrary to the
provisions'' of the tenure-of-office act, the
sixth section cannot declare the act of issuing
it to be a high misdemeanor, punishable by
indictment or impeachment.
I shall pass the charge found in these arti-
cles, that the letter of authority to Thomas
was issued during a session of the Senate and
without senatorial consent, with the single
remark that it is made upon a misconception
of the nature of an ad interim order. Such
order is not. an appointment, (within the mean-
ing of the Constitution,) nor is it subject to
senatorial advice and consent.
But the question remains: suppose the act
of 1863 did completely repeal the act of 1795,
relating to vacancies in executive offices, and
that there is no law which expressly authorizes
the letter of authority to General Thomas,
then was the issuing of that letter a high mis-
demeanor in office? Unquestionably it wag
not, unless made such by the sixth section of
the tenure-of-office act, which has 'just been
disproved. In fact the issuing of such a letter
by the President, even without, statutory au-
thority, when required by the interests of the
public service, may be not innocent merely,
but laudable. The order issued by President
Lincoln to General Skinner, to act as Post-
master General ad interim, although without
authority of law, was not a criminal offense.
It was a justifiable order to meet an emer-
gency in the public service. A large number
of similar orders for ad interim service in the
several Executive Departments, wholly unau-
thorized by any statute, have been put in evi-
dence on the present trial. They were made
by President Jackson and by his successors in
the presidential office frequently and without
question.
THE CONSPIRACY ARTICtES.
The fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh artirles
of impeachment charge, in various forms, a
conspiracy between the President and General
Thomas on 21st of February, 1868, and are,
when condensed and freed from verbiage, in
substance as follows:
Article IV. That the President conspired
with Thomas and others unknown with intent
by intimidation and threats unlawfully to pre-
vent Mr. Stanton from holding his office as
j Secretary of War, thus violating the Constitu-
tion and the conspiracy act of July 31, 1861,
and thereby committing a high crime in office.
Article V. That he conspired with Thomas
