1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
beinsr carried out in practice that thestatutory allow-
ance of mx hundred or one thousand dollars should
bo rule t.i h male covenant ms member 111 tho
a se- mcnt ot the income tax. Ai.d. if an> sueti d"-
c.moii was made, wneu and by whom was it made,
and u i> ;a ■ iu\u'lice -uuv eonionued to the piiticiple
of «uch dc ,-ios'. and whether the rame rale pro4 ails
in the other ci-lroen Shaker communities m the
I'm ted States: and whether the same rule prevails
in tae social. t\ee-!ove, or other s.m:.ar soc.eties:
and whether this rule is applied in ca.-e< or corpora-
tion* or trusts held bv tru-tees tor other re.irons
societies, aud in eases other than reliR'Ous societies.
inelu.nuK guardian-hips. a:sd the rea.-ons for such
decisions an.i ii.-t.t'ctions, and at whose instance such
decisions were made.
immigration of chinese, etc.
Mr. JOHNSON'. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Rrtoltvt, That the Judiciary Committee of the
Hou-'e be hereby directed to inquire whether the
Congress can by lcei-'.i!ion prevent the immolation
and importation of Chinese and Mon-rolMiis into our
country, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
On motion of Mr. SPALDTNG (at four
o'clock p. m. 1 the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, members of the Equal
Rights Association, praying for such legisla-
tion as will guaranty to every State of the
Union a republican form of government, and
secure to all citizens equal civil and political
rights.
Bv Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of Ira
Neville, mate of the steamer Lancaster No.
3, praying for a portion of the prize money
awarded to vessels for the destruction of four
rebel crafts at Memphis, in June, 18G2.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Edwin
Mabie, late of fourth Michigan cavalry, pray-
ing for payment of award offered for the cap-
ture of Jefferson Davis, late president of the
so-called confederate States.
By Mr. HAWKINS: The petition of Martha
E. King, praying for relief.
By Mr. KELLEY : Memorial of 44 citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for the
adoption of a law investing all men with the
equal exercise of the elective franchise in all
the States.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Adam
Hardt, for adjustment of certain claims against
the Government of the United States.
By Mr. KITCHEN: The petition of Joseph
W. Hitchcock, of Ellisburg, Jefferson county,
West Virginia, for an increase of pension.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, members of the Equal
Rights Association, praying for such legisla-
tion as will secure to every State of the Union
a republican form of government, and to each
citizen equal civil and political rights.
By Mr. POLSLEY: The petition of Philo
N. Piatt, of Fayette county, West Virginia, for
damages for property taken by United States
troops during the war of the rebellion.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 13, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petition's and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a memorial of the Society of Friends assem-
bledin conference at the city of Baltimore,
praying that just and humane measures may be
pursued by the Government toward the In-
dians ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. _ I present the petition of
John Warren, a citizen of the United States,
now a convict in a British jail, sentenced as a
Fenian, asking tlie interposition of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. He sets forth
that he is a citizen of the United States, and
that he has been tried and convicted for offenses
committed while he was in the city of New
York. He sets forth at full length the facts
of the case and sends the petition here. I
move its reference to the Committee on For- |
eign Relations. j
The motion was agreed to. |
Mr. \Y 1LSON presented a petition of citizens ,
of Alabama, praying for the repeal of the tax
on cotton ; which was ordered to lie on the
table. ,
He also presented a petition of Mary Gai-
ther. praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of late colored
soldiers, praying for an amendment to the laws
relating to the payment of bounty through the
Freedmen's Bureau; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented two petitions
of citizens of Pennsylvania, for the passage of
a law investing all men with the equal exercise
of the elective franchise in all the States;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of one
hundred citizens of Salem, Ohio, for immedi-
ate legislation to secure to woman equal suf-
frage with man in the District of Columbia
and wherever the jurisdiction of Congress ex-
tends : which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
the officers of the Pennsylvania Equal Rights
League, on behalf of the League, in which they
call the attention of Congress to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the obligation
the United States is under to guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment ; and they petition Congress to see
, that that guarantee is carried out by an amend-
i ment of the Constitution or otherwise. I ask
, the reference of this petition to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
' Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition from
a meeting of the delegates of the colored soldiers
of the State of Kentucky, in which they say that
they represent thirty thousand colored men who
served in the Army of the United States from
the State of Kentucky during the late war, and
they ask Congress to secure to them equality of
bounty. They say: u We respectfully call the
i attention of your honorable body to the Schenck
equalization bounty bill," which they recom-
mend. I ask the reference of this petition to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. DRAKE presented the petition of
Phillip J. Brown and others, citizens of the
United States, praying Congress to adopt a
law investing all men with the equal exercise
of the elective franchise in all the States;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of C. A.
Richards and others, praying Congress to
adopt a law investing all men with the equal
! exercise of the elective franchise in all the
States; which was referred to the Committee
1 on the Judiciary.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of John
J. Outley and others, photographic artists of
| St. Louis, Missouri; praying the repeal of the
tax of five per cent, on gross receipts of their
business ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the citizens
of Mt. Carroll, in the county of Carroll, in the
State of Illinois, against a reduction of the
volume of currency; also against legislation
which will compel the national banks to redeem
their notes in New York, and restraining them
from paying interest on balances deposited in
New York; which was referred to the Com-
r mittee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of L. C.
P. Cowper, of Virginia, praying compensation
for the destruction of his library by the troop3
of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Asa
Price, of the county of Norfolk, Virginia,
praying compensation for cattle destroyed by
troops of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented tho memorial of Ann E.
Hodges, of Portsmouth, Virginia, praying com-
pensation for damages done to her farm by the
troops of the United States; which was re-
| ferred to the Committee on Claims.
papers withdrawn and referred.
1 On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
1 Ordered, That tho memorials of John J. Anderson
and John \V. White be withdrawn from tho files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 24)
to regulate the selection of grand and petit
jurors in the Territory of Utah, and tor other
purposes, have had the same under considerat-
ion, and instruct me to report it back without
amendment, with a recommendation that it
pass; and I wish now to give notice that I
shall call up this bill at an early day and urge
its adoption.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it about ?
Mr. CRAGIN. I will state. It is a bill of
more than ordinary importance, more than its
title indicates. Its object is to punish and
prohibit polygamy in the Territory of Utah,
and to remove certain other abuses there. It
has been prepared with very great labor and
care and after much study, and I invite Sen-
ators to examine it previous to the time when
I may call it up.
Mr. POMEUOY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 91) concerning certain
lands granted to railroad companies in the
States of Michigan and Wisconsin, reported it
back without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print a
memorial of the Chamter of Commerce of New
York on the subject of a return to specie pay-
ments, have instructed me to report it back
and recommend its adoption. It is not cus-
tomary to print memorials, but there is some
statistical information in this one, which, in
the opinion of some Senators on the Finance
Committee, it will be important to place in
the hands of Senators, and will cost but thirty
dollars. The Committee on Printing there-
fore recommend its printing.
The report was agreed to.
report of comptroller of currency.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to authorize
the printing of additional copies of the report
of the Comptroller of the Currency without the
detailed reports, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment and recommend
its passage; and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand
copies of tho report of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency without the detailed reports, four thousand
copics for the use of the said Comptroller and one
thousand for tho use of the Senate.
post office report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. 11. No. 119) to authorize the Postmaster
General to print five hundred extra copies of
his report and accompanying documents, have
instructed me to report it back with an amend-
ment as a substitute and recommend its pas-
sage. It is desirable that this resolution should
pass at once, if it is to be passed at all, as the
type is standing; and I believe it met the assent
of the Senate when it was before the body the
other day, except that there was some error
in the form. 1 therefore ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
