1868.
THE COJftrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
all laws that you may pass, under .constitu-
tional forms, although in doing so he destroys
the very Constitution he has sworn to "pre-
serve, protect, and defend." You declare
States in the Union for the abolition of slav-
ery, and out of it for everything else that
appertains to "life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness.'1 Your leaders assert here and
elsewhere that we can here legislate "outside
of the Constitution," and then you call upon
the President to act in accordance with your
decrees, thus avowedly against authority,
until the Supreme Court say nay. You deny
him the way of approach to such judicial in-
vestigation, and you seek to strip the Court
of jurisdiction over such laws. Such is a truth-
ful recital of your extreme and unnecessary
acts, the object alone being party ascendancy
and temporary possession of the patronage ;
the good of the people is in no wise considered.
You may declare the President no longer Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and the Navy,
as the Constitution says he shall be, and then
call upon him to execute such decree. You,
by the passage of what you call laws, strip
from the shoulders of the President all powers,
leave him but the title and no prerogatives,
rob him of the trust the people committed to
him, ana appoint an administrator, whom you
clothe in the stolen garments of the Executive,
and demand his submission.
You tell me, you tell the President, you
tell the people, our will is supreme, whether it
destroys the Union, creates a military des-
potism, or wipes out two of the coordinate
branches of the Government, and that your
will must be executed until the judicial branch
of the Government shall declare your acts nul-
lities. Anticipating an adverse decision, you
establish rules that will prevent such decision,
enacting that it shall have no appellate juris-
diction in political questions; on the heel of
which you declare what shall constitute politi-
cal questions, thus performing the duty of law
maker and law expounder; in other words,
you declare that the decision of the court must
be given as you wish.
All this power you claim for your so-called
laws, and if the President hesitates about their
execution, or in a respectful manner, in order
to test them, seeks a remedy in court, so that
the Constitution may be preserved, protected,
and defended, you at once resort to the ex-
tremest measure known to the Constitution to
displace him.
During the war, and it would seem as though
the war was not yet over, it was the favorite
enunciation of those who now compose the
majority of this House that the safety of the
Union and the preservation of the Consti-
tution were paramount to all statutory enact-
ments ; and may not the President now, in this
hour of extreme peril to the Constitution, seek
the judgment of the highest judicial tribunal
upon a law the avowed object of which is to
destroy his constitutional powers, and thus to
get rid of an obstacle in the path of the de-
structives.
For my part I can only say that were I the
President, as I am a Representative, I would
defy, as I do here this day, any power on earth
to intervene between myself and the people I
represent for the inviolability of my oath of
office.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether there will be
reported to the House any further evidence
than that contained in these three pages that
we find on our desks ? I understand other
witnesses have been examined, and other tes-
timony taken, all of which is certainly mate-
rial t,o" this committee to enable them to act
intelligently.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The committee have no
purpose to report further testimony.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor
of the articles of impeachment reported by the
committee. Under a deep sense of its im-
portance I voted on Monday last for the reso-
lution to impeach Andrew Johnson of high
misdemeanors in office, as I had done once
before. Solemn as is the precedent we are
about to make, it is one contemplated by the
founders of our Republic, provided for in the
charter of our liberties, and, I believe, de-
manded of us at this time by an outraged peo-
ple. Sir, what that people asks for is peace—
rest, not only from the clash of arms, the din
of fraternal strife, but that stronger calm which
saves from the assassin's knife, acknowledges
law, enforces order, and invites the people to
industry all over the land. There is no such
peace to-day in ten of the States which gave
themselves and their identity up to rebellion.
And, even while we propose in due form of law
to remove the guilty cause, if the advice of my
colleague from the Luzerne district [Judge
Woodward] were followed we should have no
such peace in the loyal States. Thank God, time
has overruled his prophecies, as the people did
his opinions. On December 13, 1860, when
secession was already announced, in the very
shadow of Independence Hall, he declared that
cotton, " the product of slave labor," was in-
dispensable to our prosperity; (I have the Phil-
adelphia Age edition of the speech before me,
and find the italics there;) that the negroes
" need the authority of a master and the eye
of an overseer," that negro slavery was thus in
this production of cotton "an incalculable
blessing" to us of the North, and that prop-
erty in man. was divinely sanctioned, if not
divinely ordained. He has the right to claim
that these words were spoken at a meeting on
behalf of the Union, but they speak for them-
selves. If, face to-face with history, those dec-
larations give him as much comfort now as they
did the South then, I am content. When the
Union soldiers, grappling with armed treason,
begged more men to fill their shattered ranks,
he decided the draft unconstitutional. Yet
the law withstood even more powerful assaults
than his. It roused the people to the danger
of their comrades, meetings in every ward and
township raised the needed troops, or where
they failed the quota was filled by the execu-
tion of the act, and our soldiers, under Grant,
Sherman, Sheridan, and Thomas, went onward
to victory—a triumph only surpassed by their
virtue of this hour.
Now, following the lead of the very wrong-
doer we are about to try, he calls this House,
where he aids to discuss and pass laws, and
the Senate "irregular, unconstitutional, and
fragmentary bodies," adding, if he were the
President's counselor, which he says he is
not, ho would advise a proclamation to that
effect, which, "with the Army and Navy to
sustain it, would meet a popular response that
would make an end of impeachment and im-
peachers."
Sir, I cannot characterize this threat in par-
liamentary language, and will only say this
sentence found its way into print, but was
never uttered on this floor. Andrew Johnson
has already tried to bribe the leaders of the
Army in vain—the Navy has not been polluted
even by his offers. Abraham Lincoln rejoiced
in 1861 that no private soldier or sailor was
known to join the rebellion. They are true
now as they were then. The masses favor
obedience to the law, and will take note of
those who desire fresh bloodshed. Happy,
indeed, is it that such a President, with such
advisers, failed to get control of the War
Office.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a statement?
Mr. MYERS. I will if it is not to abridge
the time allowed me.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman charges
against me that I published what I did not say
in this House. Will he allow me to say that
it was his party who would not permit me to
finish my remarks, and I got leave to print.
Mr. MYERS. I have not a doubt my col-
league would have gone on to his conclusion.
I stood near him, however, and knew he did
not speak the offensive threat. When his time
expired he merely asked leave to print. My ob-
jection is not that he printed what he had not
spoken, but I desire the country to know why
he was not at once, as the rules contemplate,
called to account for this language, and say to
him now it is well for him the expiration of
time prevented its utterance.
Mr. Chairman, the Executive of the nation
is upon trial in order that the people may be re-
lieved from his oppressions. Who is the Ex-
ecutive of the nation ? He who is charged with
the execution of its laws. What is among the
gravest of his offenses—a failure to execute the
law? Not merely that, sir; but a willful, de-
liberate, obstinate, and violent attempt to set
the law aside. * Nor is this offense entirely a
recent one. For more than two years past
Andrew Johnson has been assuming to him-
self the legislative powers of the Govern-
ment in reference to the States lately in rebel-
lion. He appointed provisional governors in
them. Yet, knowing there were no executives
in these communities who under the Constitu-
tion could issue writs of election, he endeav-
ored to force members thus illegally chosen,
and without loyal constituencies, into the Con-
gress of the United States. He dictated who
might vote there in order to reestablish that
civil government which he admitted the rebel-
lion "in its revolutionaiyprogress" had over-
thrown, at the same time denying such power
to Congress. He telegraphed what laws should
be passed, and what amendment to their own
and to the national Constitution he considered
indispensable to the restoration of a State; but
denounced the people's Representatives, the
law-making power, when they dared to deem
any law or amendment necessary to give secur-
ity for the future; throwing his whole weight
in the scale to prevent the adoption of the four-
teenth amendment, the greatest- boon ever
offered to the South, under which every south-
ern State could to-day have been represented
on this floor. With laws in violation of free-
dom, with new constitutions not yet conform-
ing to the principles vindicated by the war and
not yet accepted, with Legislatures not recog-
nized, he demanded a place for their Senators,
although he knew almost every one of these
Senators and members to be rebels, and although
these southern States had by their own action
withdrawn both from the national councils.
In the exercise of the veto power with which
he is clothed he used every art of the dema-
gogue to falsify the scope of statutes which we
passed, appealing in his vetoes and messages
to the worst prejudices and passions. He did
not rest here. He chose to forget that one velo
only is allowed to each bill, and, after the pas-
sage of laws over his veto, he reiterated in
nearly every message that these laws were un-
constitutional, and that Congress, representing
that great, patriotic people who at an untold
sacrifice of men and money had stamped out
the rebellion—the very constituency which
elected himself—was an illegal body, until
the disloyal States should, of their own will,
take part in making these statutes. Sworn to
preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
of the United States, he thus violated that Con-
stitution, doing all in his power to bring into
contempt the laws it required him to care
should be faithfully executed. By incendiary
harangues he still asserted these views to the
people, recalling the most gallant soldiers of
the Republic who were endeavoring faithfully
to carry out the reconstruction acts, and, by
every device that he thought would not so fla-
grantly violate them as to bring himself within
the pale of punishment hindering their due
execution in the southern States.
Mr. Chairman, this conduct .produced its
legitimate consequences. When the war closed
peace seemed at hand, indeed. The South
accepted the result, surprised at the generosity
of those they had driven to be foes. Business
there revived. With fraternal intent the peo-
ple of these sections mingled together once
more. Northern capital and labor and enter-
prise poured in to reinvigorate the South. Un-
der Andrew Johnson's inspiration all this
is changed. Immediate representation in Con-
