1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
40th Cong-....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
A table is submitted showing that the amount
retained by the United States Treasurer from
that due the company on the Government busi-
ness for the month of August last is nearly
eight per cent, per annum of the principal of
the bonds issued to the company on account
of the construction of the road. This would
repay the principal at no distant penod by the
Government business alone, should it be con-
tinued to the same extent. The payment of
the bonds at maturity is therefore considered
by the company to be fully assured, and the
road is being built, so far as the Government is
concerned, simply by the loan of its credit for a
term of years upon ample security, and without
the actual expenditure of a single dollar from
the public Treasury. The company have or-
ganized and sent into the field during the past
year three large surveying parties, and have
already had careful instrumental examinations
made, covering an aggregate distance of more
than 1,800 miles. Two lines have been run
from Fort Wallace to Denver, and an advan-
tageous route discovered. One has been sur-
veyed from Port Wallace to the Arkansas river,
and thence up the Purgatory valley, through
the passes of the Baton mountains, to Port
Union, and with two lines thence, through the
easternmost range of the Rocky mountains,
to Albuquerque and Fort Craig, on the Rio
Grande. Another has been examined up the
valley of the Huerfano river, through the
Sangre de Cristo pass, via Fort, Garland, to
the Rio Grande, and thence, via Santa Fe, to
Albuquerque. Surveying parties, organized
into two divisions, are now making a careful
surrey of two general routes from the Rio
Grande to the Pacific—one along the thirty-
fifth parallel west from Albuquerque; the
other from Fort Craig, along the thirty-second
parallel, by what is known as the Gila route.
The surveys have met the most favorable antici-
pations. At no point will the grades exceed
the maximum allowed by law for the Pacific
railroad, and such grades will be for short
distances, and at only two or three points
between Fort Wallace and the Rio Grande.
The highest altitude attained on this line is
7,846 feel above tide-water. The company
express the conviction that had the work not
been delayed by unexpected difficulties with
the Indians, the road would have been finished
to Fort Wallace by the end of the present year,
and they have every reason to expect that it
will reach a point 335 miles west from the Mis-
souri river by the 31st proximo.
Forty miles of the road of the CentralBranch
Union Pacific Railroad Company have been
accepted since the date of my last annual
report, and the Government commissioners
are now engaged m examining another section
of twenty miles.
This company, after the Union Pacific Rail-
way Company, eastern division, had vacated
its line along the Republican foflt of the Kan-
sas river, claimed that, under existing laws,
they were entitled to extend their road from
its intersection with such vacated line, and on
the latter to the one hundredth meridian, and
to receive, in aid of the construction thereof,
the same subsidy in lands and bonds per mile
as for the first hundred miles of their road.
The Department, February 19, 181S7, rejected
the claim upon the ground that the promised
subsidy was confined to "one hundred miles
in length next to the Missouri river." The
lands on such vacated line, that bad been ori-
ginally withdrawn, were, therefore, restored
to their original status.
It appears from the company's report, dated
the 11th of October last, that the road has
been definitely located for 100 miles, and ter-
minates in the valley of the Little Blue river,
near the mouth of Coon creek, in township
four, range six, east of the sixth principal
meridian, in Marshall county, Kansas. The
construction of bridges occasions a heavy
expense. The most important is that across
the Big Blue river, 434 feet in length and 31
feet above low water. The equipment of the
road consists of 6 locomotives, 2 passenger and
144 other cars. A substantial round-house,
with stalls for 6 locomotives, a machine-shop,
and commodious depot buildings have been
erected. Other buildings are in process of
erection. A ferry, with a first class side-wheel
boat, has been established by the company on
the Missouri river at Atchison for the accom-
modation of the road.
No report has been received from the Sioux
City and Pacific Railroad Company, and the
Department has not been advised of the con-
struction of any portion of the road.
The first section of the Western Pacific Rail-
road Company of California, twenty miles in
length, was accepted on the 14th day of
December last. No work has since been pros-
ecuted.
Commissioners examined the road of the San
Francisco and San Jos6 Railroad Company,
and reported, under date of February !), 18(i(i,
that, in its construction and equipment, it fully
attained the standard of excellence prescribed
by the Pacific railroad acts. The company
made claim to an acceptance by the Govern-
ment of the road and to bonds and lands.
Their agent was verbally informed that an
allowance of the claim, so far from being war-
ranted, was, in the opinion of the Department,
positively forbidden by law. Subsequently, on
the production of additional papers. 1 received
a communication, in which the views of the
company on the subject were presented. After
full consideration I was constrained to adhere
to the conclusion previously announced. I
stated, however, that if I had failed to recog-
nize the just rights of the company Congress
would, no doubt, at its approaching session,
furnish an appropriate remedy. The subject
is submitted for consideration.
The seventh section of the act approved
July 1, 1802, seems to require, upon a map
being filed designating the route of the Union
Pacific railroad, or any branch thereof, that
all the lands situate within fifteen miles on
•each side of the route should be withdrawn
from preemption, private entry, and sale. This
distance is increased to twenty-five miles by
the amendatory act of July 2, 18G4. One of
my predecessors, however, directed that the
order of withdrawal should not apply to the
even-numbered sections reserved by the Gov-
ernment. 1 he present practice, in conform-
ity with this precedent, therefore authorizes
a settlement on such sections, and, if they
were surveyed at the date of settlement, recog-
nizes the right of the settler to enter his
claim either under the preemption or home-
stead laws. Conflicting opinions have been
entertained by my predecessors as to the
applicability to these lands of other acts of
Congress prescribing the price of the even-
numbered or reserved sections within certain
prescribed distances from railways. The prac-
tice in this regard has not been uniform. The
settler is now required on entering these
lands to pay therefor the double minimum
price. The acts of 1862 and 18G4 are silent
on the subject, and I respectfully submit that
the question should be determined by the
authoritative action of Congress.
In a recent preemption case contested by the
Central Pacific Railroad Company of Califor-
nia it was decided by the Department that the
grant embraces the unsurveyed as well as the
surveyed lands traversed by the route of these
roads. An actual settler cannot, therefore,
by settlement upon lands of either description
which fall within the operation of the grant
inaugurate a valid preemption right thereto
after the local officers, pursuant to instructions,
have withdrawn or withheld such lands. The
proviso in the act of 18G4, which declares that
the grant shall not defeat or impair any pre-
emption or other lawful claim has exclusive
reference to such claims as had lawful incep-
tion at the date when the right of the road
attached.
The Northern Pacific Railroad Company
report that two surveying parties from Lake
Superior and two from the Pacific coast have
been actively engaged in the field. Explorations
have been made, and the company are of opin-
ion that a practicable route will be found. No
portion of the road has been constructed.
Ihe Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company,
by a resolution of its board of directors, passed
N ovember 20, 180(1, accepted the terms, con-
ditions, and impositions of the act approved
July 27, 1806, granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the States of Missouri and Arkansas to the
Pacific coast. A map was subsequently filed
showing the location of the road from Spring-
field, Missouri, to the western boundary of that
State. Upon the basis of this map the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office was
directed to withdraw the lands. The eighteenth
section of this act authorizes the Southern
Pacific railroad, a company incorporated under
the laws of the State of California, to connect
with the Atlantic and Pacific railroad near
the boundary line of California, and gives it a
similar grant of lands. The latter company
filed an acceptance of the terms and conditions
of said act and a map showingthc preliminary
survey of the road from San Francisco to the
Colorado river. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office was instructed to with-
draw the lands along the line represented upon
that map.
The bridges across the Big Sioux river and
the Vermilion, on the line of the wagon road
between Sioux City and the mouth of the Big
Cheyenne, have been completed. The James
river bridge is unfinished. The balance of the
appropriation is §1,250.
J have declined ordering a resumption of
work on the projected road from the mouth of
the Big Cheyenne to a point on the Niobrara
road, in consequence of the hostile attitude of
the Indians. The unexpended appropriation
applicable to this road is §12,157 70.
The superintendent of the wagon road from
Virginia City, Montana, to Lewiston, reports
that it is impossible to grade and open such a
road between those termini, and that a con-
struction of one for a part of the distance would
be of very little utility, as there is no local
business. His efforts were directed to opening
a track for the passage of loaded pack trains,
that being the only method by which goods
could be transported from Columbia river to
Montana. There remains of the appropria-
tion unexpended $8,02.") 25.
The architect in charge of the Capitol exten-
sion reports the completion of the portico of
the south wing, and reiterates the opinion
expressed in his previous reports that the cen-
tral portico should be extended to correspond
with those of the wings.
The skylights of the halls of the Senate and
House of Representatives are, on account of
their great dimensions, peculiarly sensitive to
variations in temperature, which occasion fre-
quent fractures. It is proposed to substitute
for them others of the same description as
those placed in the Supreme Court room.
There are serious objections to appropri-
ating the committee-rooms in each wing as
depositories of public documents. They are
needed for the uses for which they were origin-
ally designed, and the floors and walls are
being injured and defaced. It is desirable
that arrangements should be made for storing
the documents elsewhere.
The chambers occupied by the Supreme
Court, law library, and Court of Claims, and
the passages between the Senate wing and the
Rotunda are warmed with improved heating
apparatus ; but the Rotunda and the old Hall
of the House of Representatives are coidand
often damp in winter, to the prejudice of the
health as well as comfort ot visitors. It is
