25-72
THE OONGKESSiOKAL GLOBE.
May®
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, presented a report upon the
Union Pacific railroad, eastern division; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad; also, sun-
dry papers, which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad without being
printed.
PARTIAL DEFICIENCY BILL.
r WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
'nimous consent of the House to take up
consider a bill to supply partial deficiencies
the appropriations for the service of the
:al year ending on the 30th of June, 1868.
have the bill before me, and in it there are
some items which are included in the general
deficiency bill now before the Committee on
Appropriations. There is, however, such an
urgent necessity for the passage of these items
that 1 have been directed by the committee to
report them to the House in a separate bill.
I ask unanimous consent of the House that the
bill may be considered in the House at this
time. If that consent is given, I will then make
n full explanation of all the items. And then,
if any good reason can be shown by any one
why the bill should be postponed any longer,
I will not object to a short postponement.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
that there is nothing about reconstruction in
this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Is there anything about
impeachment in it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
nothing about impeachment in it. I ask that
the bill be read.
Mr. BROOKS. Is the bill printed ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not.
But there are only four or five items in the bill,
and they can easily be understood from their
reading.
The bill was read at length. It appropriates
$12,960 to supply deficiencies for the compen-
sation of the officers, clerks, messengers, and
others receiving ail annual salary in the service
of the House of Representatives ; $25,000 for
folding documents, including mails; $10,000
for miscellaneous items; $1,800,000 to supply
a deficiency in the appropriation for the ex-
panse of collecting the revenue from customs
for the half year ending June 30,1868; $60,000
to facilitate the payment of soldiers' bounties
in accordance with the provisions of acts of
July 28, 18fifi, and March 19,1808, for salaries
of fifty clerks of class one; and $5,000 to sup-
ply a deficiency in the office of the Paymaster
General for blank books, stationery, binding,
and other contingent expenses ; total amount
appropriated by the bill, $1,912,960.
Mr. BROOKS. I think a bill like this ought
to be printed, so that the House may have an
opportunity to consider it.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If objec-
tion is made I shall have to move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. BROOKS. This bill proposes to appro-
priate nearly two million dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that; but I have the papers here before
me which will explain all those items,
Mr. BROOKS. That may be; but there are
a hundred or a hundred and twenty members
here who have not those papers.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bbooks] to
first hear the explanation of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman shall not be satisfied with the explana-
tion I may make, but shall desire to have the
bill postponed, printed, and made a special
order for some day near at hand, I will not
object to a short postponement.
Mr. BROOKS. Very well; I will hear the
explanation, and reserve my right to objeet.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If mem-
bers have listened to the reading of the bill,
they will have perceived that there are but few
items in it. The first item to which I will call
attention is one of $12,000 to pay the messen-
gers and employ6s of the House, who were
ordered to be retained in service by resolution
of the House, of July, 1867. That is a debt
which is due to the employes of the House.
I ask the Clerk to read a letter from the Clerk
of the House upon the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Clerk's Office,
House of Representatives, United States,
Washington, D. C., December 12,1867.
Sir: There will be required to be appropriated to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations "for com-
pensation of the officers, clerks, messengers,and oth-
ers, receiving an annual salary in the employ ot the
House of Representatives," for the present fiscal
year, the following sums, namely, §12,960, this amount
having been paid to the messengeis and employes
ordered to be retained in the recess by resolutions
of the House of March 80 and July 9,1867.
Under the joint resolution of March 30, 1867, the
sum of $900 whs paid, on or about the 10th of April,
1867, to Rev. C. B. Boynton, Chaplain of the House,
which has exhausted the usu.il anmwil appropriation
for this purpose; and it wili bo necessary to appro-
priate an additional $9U0, if an additional payment
is to be made to fcltc Chaplain, before the 150th of June
next.
Very respectfully,
EDWARD McPHERSON,
Clerk of the House of Jlepresentatives, United States.
Hon. Thaddkbs Stevens, Chairman, &e.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Another
item of the bill is for folding documents,
$25,000. I ask the Clerk to read a letter from
the Clerk of the House upon the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Clerk's Office,
House of Representatives, United States,
Washington, D. 0., April 8,186S.
Sir: I have thehonor to report that the appropri-
ation made for "folding documents" for the liscal
yea,r ending June 80,1868, has been exhausted, and
that there will he required tor this purpose, to meet
accrued obligations and to continue the work from
this date to the 30th of .Ftine next, the sum of $-5,000.
I may add that the folding done and to be done is
mueh in excess of the ordinary amount.
X respectfully ask the attention of the committee
to my lett'-r of 12th of December last, acopy of which
is enclosed, and request that the deficiency on the
messenger account therein stated be supplied at the
earliest convenient period.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
edward Mcpherson,
Clerlz of the House of Representatives, United States.
Hon, Thaddeks Stevens, Chairman, tl-e.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That
amount is necessary to defray the expenses
of sending out documents. I believe both
political parties have their rooms in the Capi-
tol, and are sending out a vast number of doc-
uments. The employes in the folding-room
have been kept out of their money for some
two months, as there is nothing to pay them.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman inform
the House what has been the expense of the
folding-room for this fiscal year?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
inform the gentleman of the exact expense.
The last appropriation we made was for $50,-
000. The expense is very heavy, much more
than I like to see it, and I should be glad to
keep it down.
Mr. BROOKS. It is over seventy-five
thousand dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New York may be more accurate
than I am ; but the facts are as I have stated.
Mr. BROOKS. We are entitled to informa-
tion from the chairman or acting chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is for
a deficiency for work already done, and the
question is whether, when these people have done
this work for us in sending oif our speeches
and documents, they shall be paid.
Mr. BROOKS. The theory of the gentle-
man, has been, and it is a true one and 1 hope
it will be maintained, that when an appropria-
tion is exhausted the work ought to be stopped;
and if speeches and documents ceased to be
folded when the appropriation was exhausted
then no money would be due.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
be glad to adhere to that theory even though it
should necessitate the not sending out the
speeches of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. I will pay'for my own when
other gentlemen are willing to pay for theirs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
another item of $10,000 for miscellaneous
items. It was not expected that such item
was demanded, and we called the deputy clerk
of the House for some explanation. We made
an appropriation of ten or fifteen thousand
dollars not a great while ago for these mis-
cellaneous items. He said that at one fell
swoop $10,000 were taken to pay contestants
ofse&ts upon this floor; that the fund is nearly
exhausted, and that this appropriation will be
required for the present fiscal year.
The next item, and I will call the attention
of the gentleman from New York and other
gentlemen to it, is to pay the salaries of clerks
employed under the resolution of the House
to facilitate the payment of soldiers' bounties
under the act of 1806. It will be recollected
that some months ago we passed a joint reso-
lution to facilitate the payment of soldiers'
bounties and authorizing the appointment of
fifty cleiks. Those clerks have been employed
in conformity to the terms of the resolution,
persons who had been in the military or naval
acrvice, and they have not had one dollar of
pay. Some of them have been to see me, and
they say that they have been obliged to sell
their pay for a month at fifteen per cent, dis-
count. I do not, think when these men have
been employed under existing law that they
should compel them to raise money.
Mr. PILE. During the time the bill was
pending in the House and in the Senate forty-
seven temporary clerks were appointed, and
they were intended to take the place of the
fifty clerks authorized by the bill. They were
selected mostly from civilian applicants, and
when the bill passed requiring these fifty clerks
to be appointed from applicants who had been
in the military or naval service the Secretary
of the Treasury appointed fifty additional clerks
from soldier and sailor applicants, retaining
the forty-seven temporary clerks. So instead of
fifty there are now ninety-seven clerks nominally
employed under the authority of thebill. Iliave
the authority of the Second Auditor himself for
this statement; and these clerks not only do
not facilitate, but they embarrass the adjustment
of these claims. I hope the committee will
provide for the discharge of these temporary
° Mr!'WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This ap-
propriation is for the payment of clerks ap-
pointed under and by virtue of this law. What
the gentleman states I have no knowledge of.
If they have been appointed it has been under
another authority, and they are paid out of
another fund. It may be true, as the gentleman
states, but it has no connection with this ap-
propriation. This appropriation applies only
to the clerks employed under the law I have
alluded to. I ask the Clerk to read the letters
I send up. It will be seen that we do not re-
port m favor of $11,000 asked for. but only
sufficient amount to pay these clerks' salaries.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, March 26,1S6S.
Sir: I am informed by Hon. It. AY. Tavler, First
Comptroller of the Treasury, that the act entitled
"An act to facilitate tho payment of soldiers' bouu-
ties under act of 1866," passed bv Congress and ap-
proved by the President, fails to make an appropri-
ation for tho expenses to be incurred by the employ-
ment of add i tionn.1 clerks and tho procuring of proper
rooms for the same, as directed in sections one and
two of the said act.
It will bo nocessary thai some action be taken in
the matter as soon as possible, and tor that reusun I
respectfully call the attention of the House to the
subject.
I tun, very respectfully, _ 11. MeCCIJ.OCH,
Secretary oj the 'Ireasarn.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker o/ the llouie of Ileprezerilathes.
Theasuby DnpAEfiiKsr, IfualO, 1363.
In answer to a communication received fiom
Konert •) .Stevens, secretary to your eommittoe. dated
L'tj instant, asking lor information ot the amount
needed to carij out the requirements ot an act to
facilitate the payment of soldiers under act of 1866,
approved Maieh 19,1868, I reply, as the act referred
to can only exist one year without further legisla-
tion, tho expenses to be incurml under it will be for
salaries of fifty clerks of class one at $1,205 per an-
