3596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
Not those only who live on the borders of the
Ohio, which is navigable for over one thou-
sand miles, but those on the upper and lower
Mississippi and its tributaries, who require the
manufactures of Pittsburg, Cincinnati, and
the countless cities and villages on either side
of the Ohio—those who use lumber, coal, iron,
and salt—those who consume the grains and
fruits and vegetables so abundantly produced
along this great highwayof commerce, require
that this obstruction should be removed. The
commerce of the Ohio the past year, two thirds
of which must pass the falls at Louisville,
amounted to $398,000,000. There are upon this
river (withoutincluding some large boats which
never get above the falls) three hundred and
sixty-six steamboats and ninety-one model
barges, with a capacity of 183,372 tons They
make an average of eighteen trips per annum,
transporting 3,300,696 tons of merchandise.
By reason of the limited length of the present
locks bouts of only eight hundred tons capacity
can pass through—by the enlargement of the
canal to correspond with the new locks now
completed and ready for use boats of ii capacity
of thirty-two hundred tons will be accommo-
dated. These eight hundred ton boats are now
necessarily constructed solely with reference
to capacity, and all advantages of models, so
as to secure speed, are sacrificed. By the en-
largement of the canal the tonnage capacity
of the boats may bequadrupled, but with better
model their speed, will be greatly increased.
Now. from ten to fourteen days are required
to make the trip from New Orleans to Cincin-
nati, when with improved model, which is now
sacrificed to pass this obstruction, the trip
could be made in eight or nine days.
Again, the expense of running a boat of
eight hundred tons capacity is nearly as great
as the running of one of thirty-two hundred
tons. The officers are the same. The larger
boat requires more fuel, an increase in the
number of the crew, and a larger supply
of stores. The principal difference is in the
expense of loading and unloading cargo. All
these disadvantages are more than overcome
by the increase of speed, and consequent saving
of time ; so that the freights could be reduced
three fourths without diminishing the profits
of the steamboat owners. The large boat
would have the same margin of profit with
freights at twelve and a half cents per hundred
jiounds as the small boats now have with
freights at fifty cents per hundred. When the
Ohio river is high, so that large boats can pass
the falls without using the canal, the price of
carrying cargo from Cincinnati to New Orleans,
a distance of fifteen hundred and ninety miles,
is only twenty-five cents per hundred pounds,
and corresponding rates are charged between
other cities using this river as a highway. Let
this improvement be completed, and the aver-
age freights through the year would be greatly
reduced and the commerce greatly enlarged.
The East, as well as the West and South, are
deeply interested in this enlargement. The
price charged for carrying cotton from Mem-
phis to Cincinnati is $1 50 per bale ; complete
this work and it could be transported at forty
cents. With this reduction in expense im-
mense amounts of this staple would find its
way through this channel to its eastern or
European market, avoiding the perils of a
voyage by sea. Sugar, molasses, and other
productions would also be distributed to the
points of trade at less expense.
The entire expense of this enlargement,
including what has been- expended and the
appropriation contemplated,willbe $2,017,000.
The scction provides that hereafter there
shall be no tolls charged except a pittance to
operate the locks and keep them in repair; but
the value and importance of the enlargement
may be seen from a comparison of the tolls if
present rates were imposed.
As two thirds of themercliandise transported
on this river passes this point, or two million
tons per annum, or one million custom-bouse
measure at the present rate of tolls, (fifty cents
per ton,) we would realize §-500,000, or twenty-
five per cent, per annum, on the entire cost of
the work. It is reasonable to suppose that the
commerce would be increased one half, which
would, at the same rate, yield $750,000 per
annum, paying th$ entire cost of the work in
three years. With or without tolls this impedi-
ment in this great national highway should be
at once removed.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, my purpose
in taking the floor at this time is not so much
to oppose the amendment as to call attention
to the latter part of this section where it is pro-
posed to retain the present tax on the com-
merce of the country of the upper Ohio and its
tributaries. 1 think it is a great wrong done to
the people of that vast region watered by the
Ohio river. I think it is unjust that while the
Government is spending money in all parts of
the country, opening rivers, clearing harbors,
and making other public improvements with
money taken from the public Treasury of the
people, that there should still be a tax imposed
upon the commerce of the Ohio river. 1 hope
the provision will be stricken out, and that the
commerce of that river shall be unrestrained.
Strike out all after the word " tribute " in the
fourteenth line of third section of the printed
bill.
Mr. ELIOT moved that all further debate
on the pending section be closed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARY withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 78, not voting
72 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Bank?,
Beatty. Benton, Boutwcll, Bromwell, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Covode, Ouliom, Delano, Ela, Farnsworth, I'er-
riss.Gelz, Haight, llalsey. Hinds, Hulbuul, Ketcham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loughridge,
Marvin, Miller, MorreH, Pomeioy, Randall, llots,
Scolield, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron }?\
Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Van
Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eliliu B. Vv'ash-
burnc. and Stephen F. Wilson—4-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Delos it. Ashley, Axtcil,karnes, Beck, Boles, Buck-
land, Roderick it. Buclor, Gary, Churchill, Coburn,
Dixon. Dnggs, Eggleston, Eldiidge. Eliot, i'erry, Gar-
iield, Golluday, Giover, Harding, Hawkins, Higby,
ilolman, Hotchkiss, ChesterX). Hubbard, Humphrey,
J enckes, Johnson, J ones, J ulian, Kerr, Loan, Mallory,
Marshall, Maynard, McClurg, McCormick, Mcliee,
Moorhead, Mungen, Myers, Ineweomb, Niblack,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perhain, Phelps, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Polsiey, Price, Kaum, Robinson,
Sawyer, Shanks, Sheliabarger, Stewart,Stokes,Law-
rence S. Trimble, Twicheil, tJpson, Van Aernam,Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, llobcrt T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, Henry I). Washburn, Welkcr, William Wil-
liams John T. Wilson, and Woodward—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, liarnum, Beannm, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, IJoyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Ben-
jamin P. Butler, Cake, Chanter, Header W. Claike,
Cook, Cornell, Dawe.s, Bodge, Donnelly, Kckley,
Fields, Kinney, Fox. Glossbrcnner, Gravely, Gris-
woid, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D.IIubbard, Hunter,IngcrsoU. Judd.Kclley,
ltelsey, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln,
Logan, Lynch, McCarthy, McCullough, Moreur,
Moore, Morrissey, Mulhns, Nicholson, Nunn, Peters,
Pruyn, Robertson, Hoots, Schenck. Selye. Sitgreaves,
Thaddcus Stevens, Stone.Taber, John Trimble. Ward,
Wiiiiam IS. Washburn, Thomas W'Uiams, James ]■'.
Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodbndgc—72.
So the motion to strike out the third section
was disagreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 816) extending
the time for the completion of the Northern
Pacific railroad ; when the Speaker signed the
same.
KIVEK AND HARBOR BILL AGAIN.
The Clerk then read the fourth and last sec-
tion of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enac.trrl, That the Socre-
taryot War hereby directed to cause examinations
or surveys, or both, to be made at the lollowin"
points, namely: at the haihorof Black Book Con-
necticut; at the entrance of Cuttyhunk harbor. Vine-
yard sound, m view of the erection of breakwater;
at Passaic rivtr, and at Absecoin inlet, in New Jer~
se.y; at Christiana river, Delaware; at the harbor of
Chester, Pennsylvania; at Waukegan, Illinois; at
the Illinois river, from its mouth toward the western
terminus of the Illinois and Michigan eana.1; at the
inouth of Menoiuonee river, dividing the States of
Wisconsin and Michigan; at the harbor of Port
Washington, in Wisconsin; at the Osage river, Mis-
souri ; at Reedy Island and Liston's Tree, in Dela-
ware river and bay; at and above the month of
Schuylkill river, in view of the removal of bars.
And the Secretary of War shall make fall report
thereof to Congress, with plan sand estimates of cost,
and with such recommendations in regard thereto
as the interests of navigation shall require.
Mr. HINDS. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "breakwater," in line sis, the
words "at Ouachita river, Arkansas."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
insert at the end of line fourteen the words
"and at and above the mouth of the Wabash
river as far as Lafayette, Indiana."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORNELL. I move to insert after the
word "Jersey," in line seven, the words "at
the entrance of Rondout harbor, oil the Hud-
son river, New York."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to insert after the
word " bars," in line fifteen, the following:
■ At the mouth of Eel river; and at the port of San
Pedro or Wilmington, on the coast of California,with
reference to the improvement of said ha,rbors; and at
the point near the mouth of the Sacramento river
known as the " Hog's back "with reference to remov-
ing said bar.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. I think we have now about as
many points in the section as the money ap-
propriated will cover.
Mr. AXTELL. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce I hope the' gentleman
who has charge of this bill will not object to
my amendment. I desire to say to him that
the Senate has passed a joint resolution, which
has been referred to our committee, including
these points, together with some others on the
coast of California. They are points of very
considerable importance, and particularly Wil-
mington or San Pedro. I regret that my absence
in California prevented my meeting with the
committee at the time when these points were
being considered. At San Pedro the Govern-
ment ships all its goods to Arizona, and some
improvements there would save to the United
States a great deal of money now expended on
landing goods. The point on Eel river has
been recommended by our Legislature as well
as San Pedro. My friend from the second dis-
trict [Mr. Higbt] presented the resolutions
of the State Legislature in relation to both
these points. The point on the Sacramento
river where it enters into the bay of San Fran-
cisco relates to the whole commerce of that
great stream, and is constantly needing and
receiving from private companies some assist-
ance. We bring down from the mountains such
vast amounts of earth by means of our mining
that a bar is being formed there that certainly
ought to be removed and looked after by the
General Government for fear we should lose
the navigation of that great river. My amend-
ment asks simply for a survey, and I think it
ought not'to be objected to. I hope the House
will pass favorably upon it.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask a vote on the amend-
ment ; and 1 move that all debate upon this
section be closed.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Axtell's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. McCORMlCK. I move to insert after
the word "river," in line thirteen, the words
" and at Big Black river."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend this section
by adding to the first sentence, after the words
" removal of bars," the words "at the harbor
of Cape Porpoise, Maine."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend this sec-
tion by inserting at the proper place the follow-
ing:
And also from the mouth of the Susquehanna
river at the Chesapeake bay, to Lake Ontario, in the
