I54S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 20,
gress, after their four years' sanguinary attempt
to sever the Union, was a thing they scarcely
dared to hope, yet with no more delay .than
was requisite to examine their condition, to
secure such guarantees as the nation's exist-
ence demanded, to see that the honored dead
had not died in vain, that the living should not
be given up to sacrifice, just, equal, magnani-
mous terms were offered them, under which
every southern State would have been repre-
sented here upon the first regular election after
Congress met. If they were not here then,
and are not represented here to-day, Andrew
Johnson alone is responsible for. it.
Spurred on by him, foul traitors, like their
rebel vice president, clamored for the places
tliey had already held to ruin the nation, and
yet, reeking with the murders of Anderson-
ville, refused to pass the amendment which
made our debt sacred, the rebel debt void, and
gave pensions to the Union soldiers and sailors
and their families. Discontent and fresli re-
bellion in the South culminated in riot at
M-emphis, in massacre at New Orleans, still
marking their progress with blood, until the
Union men there are in daily, deadly peril.
Manufactures and trade in the North have be-
come depressed. Commerce between the sec-
tions .is hindered, and our national credit is
impaired as the world looks on at this un-
checked chime against civilization". If these
are not ''high crimes and misdemeanors" of
which Congress can judge, then the Constitu-
tion is meaningless and the Republic a failure.
Yet the people have paused, in the vain hope
that their constant rebukes would appall him,
until Andrew Johnson, mistaking kindness for
fear, has laid violent hands on the last power
given in the Constitution. Imbued with the
worst teachings of the Roman Republic, he
fondly calls himself a tribune of the people,
while, in reality, he grasps the fasces and the
ax, and, centering all power in himself, as-
sumes the robes of a dictator.
There are but three great powers in the
Constitution—executive, legislative, judicial.
It only remained for him to assert the last; and
he has done so in treating the tenure-of-oflice
bill, passed over his veto, as an unconstitutional
measure, without a resort to the Supreme Court
attempting to remove Edwin M. Stanton from
the War office and appointing Lorenzo Thomas
ad interim Secretary ol' War. Let the plain
people of the country think of this wrong.
They will not fail to comprehend its magnitude
or mark how, step by step, their liberties have
been assailed. Nor will they fail to perceive
this conduct was calculated to bring about
violence, and if any of the great captains he
endeavored to win had bent to his purpose
would have resulted in blood. His letters to
General Grant, admit this defiance of the law,
although it should bring fine and imprisonment,
on both, and for these alone he would be im-
peachable.
But it is claimed the tenure-of-officeact does
not include Edwin M. Stanton and others of
his Cabinet in its provisions. When did An-
drew Johnson conceive this idea'l Not in his
veto of the measure. Such a view would have
made it a bill to keep all his own appointees
in and turn all those of Mr. Lincoln out. He
opposed it, believing justthe opposite. When,
last summer, he appointed General Grant Sec-
retary ad interim, he suspended Mr. Stanton
under the very provisions of this act, and with-
in the twenty days prescribed by it sent his
reasons for such suspension to the Senate.
That body directed his reinstatement under
its provisions, thus giving an official con-
struction that the law was meant to include
such a case. He then iiad full notice, and in
his late action fell into no unintentional error,
no "erroneous construction," as he at last, on
findingwe will trifle no longer, pleads it might
be, but with malice and bad intent deliberately
resolved to judge of this statute himself and
defy it. The case does not rest here. On in-
forming the Senate that he had removed Mr.
Stanton and appointed Lorenzo Thomas, he
received their dignified resolution that such con-
duct was in violation of the Constitution and
laws. Yet the next day he again attempted the
wrong, insisting that he was the judicial expo-
nent of both, and under the provisions of .the
law itself, as well as in fact, became guilty of a
high misdemeanor. His conspiracy to effect
his purpose; his offers of place to high military
officers, creating an unauthorized department,
spurned though they were; his endeavor to use
the great captain of the war to thwart the judg-
ment of the Senate which restored Mr. Stanton,
fruitless as it proved, all were high misdemean-
ors and impeachable ones.
Havingthus stated the history of these wrongs,
I propose to glance for a moment at the pre-
tenses upon which the last great wrong was
perpetrated. They are, first, that the tenure-
of-officc act, in taking away the President's
power of removal, is unconstitutional; next,
thatMr. Stantonisnotcoveredbyitsterms. Sir,
there is not a word or an implication in the
Constitution giving the President, by himself,
the power of removal. That is incident to the
power of appointment, which can only be exer-
cised by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, except Congress shall confer it other-
wise, or to ' Jill up vacancies that may happen
during the recess of the Senate." Congress
may, by law, vest the appointment of " inferior
officers" in the President alone, and in such
cases he may have the power to remove them.
It cannot, however, even part with its authority
so far as to let him appoint the head of a De-
partment.
But it is claimed the first Congress placed a
different construction on the Constitution. If
it, did the present Congress Iras an equal right
to construe the English language. It is replied
that those men understood its intent better
than we at this late day can—that Madison's
opinion is worth more on this point than that
of Clay or Webster. If that is to be the test
1 appeal to still higher authority—for the ar-
guments which prevailed in causing the accep-
tance of the Constitution are higher. 1 cite
No. 77 of the Federalist, where Alexander
Hamilton, urging its adoption, claims that the
consent of the Senate is "necessary to displace
as well as to appoint;'' and I appeal, too, to that
authority which Andrew Johnson seems to
have mistaken for the law of the United States.
The bold, bad men, who strove to dissolve the
Union, skilled in legislation by long service in
the Halls of the country which their treason
afterwards stung, knew that no such despotic
power met the grasp of their ambition in our
Constitution, and so they placed this presiden-
tial right of removal in the "confederate con-
stitution," from a copy of which, printed at
Richmond, 1 am now reading. No, sir; the
acts ol 1789,1702, and 1795, which declare how
vacancies in the State, War, and other Depart-
ments shall be filled when the President shall
remove the principal officer, were, in reality,
legislative grants of power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, was recognized
as entitled to the floor.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me a little of his time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will do so.
Mr. MYERS. I am obliged to my friend.
Mr. Chairman, the clause was only passed after
a long debate in the House by a close vote, and
in the Senate by the casting vote of its Presiding
Officer. All those against it protpsted such was
not the meaning of the Constitution, while
sufficient of its supporters to have defeated it
placed their votes upon the ground that they
desired to confer this authority by law. Even
Madison used these words in relation to it:
" If tlie Constitution is silent, and it is a power the
Lcgisl aturc have a right to confcr, it will appear to the
world, if we strike out the clause, as if we doubted the
piopriety of venting it in the President of the United
States. I therefore think it best to retain it in the
bill."
And so, with the splendor of Washington's
record to justify this appeal and the confidence
that he would not abuse the trust, the author-
ity was conferred by law. If the statute is
not repealed, the presidential right of removal
exists under it, and he may fill the- vacancy
temporarify in the cases and modes designated
by the acts; but this right of removal, except
during the recess of the Senate, has never
before been claimed.
Before passing, however, from this question
of a constitutional right in the President to
remove, let me say that the Supreme Court of
the United States have fully recognized the
right of Congress to fix the tenure of offices.
In Marbury vs. Madison, 1 Cranch, 137, it was
held that when an officer is not removable at
the will of the Executive the appointment is
not revocable by him. Certainly if the law can
limit the term and prevent the exercise of the
removing power by the President alone during
such term, it can prevent it altogether.
In the great discussions of 1835 Daniel Web-
ster eloquently urged that the view taken in
the act of 1789 should be reversed. "It ap-
pears to me," lie said, "after thorough and
repeated and conscientious examination that an
erroneous interpretation was given to the Con-
stitution in this respect by the decision of the
First Congress." In effect the Thirty-Seventh
Congress reversed such construction in creat-
ing the Bureau of Currency, expressly limiting
the Comptroller's term of office to five years,
unless removed sooner by the President by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. The tenure-of-oflice act not only does
this, but absolutely repeals the legislative grant
in the acts of 1789"and 1795 as to the power of
removal. Under it no Cabinet officer can be
removed by a President except by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. Mis
term is limited, and expires of its oion limita-
tion unless both President and Senate agree to
remove him sooner.
Ah! but Mr. Stanton, by its provisions, is a
tenant at sufferance only, says the President,
and his Democratic friends on this floor echo
the proposition. Let us see. He is to remain
for the term of the President who appointed
him and one month longer. Abraham Lincoln
appointed him. Mr. Lincoln's term, under the
Constitution, and his reelection extends from
1805 to 3869, and Andrew Johnson is only
serving out that term, the powers and duties
" devolving on the Vice President," who shall
act as President. But grant this brilliant after-
thought of a Secretary by sufferance under the
limitation of the tenure-of-oflice bill. There
had, then, been vacancies in the War, Navy,
Treasury, and State Departments since one
mouth from its passage—and if the acts of
these Departments are not void at least Mr.
Johnson has violated law in not making nom-
inations to fill them. How should the vacancy
of the War Department have been filled even
temporarily? The act of 1789 only authorizes
the ad interim appointment of the chief clerk.
The act of 1795, if in force, as pretended, so
far as refers to Mr. Stanton, does not, as
falsely quoted, apply to L'any'' vacancy, but
to "a vacancy" whereby he cannot pet form
the duties of his office, and, like the act of
February 20, 1863, which, in effect, repeals it,
means the instance of " inability'' from sick-
ness, &c., which may cease. Now, "inability
to discharge the powers and duties " of an office
is in the Constitution itself expressly separated
from removal, death, or resignation; so that
the only power would be to select the chief
clerk in any event.
But, sir, I tire of attempting to imagine a
case which helps Andrew Johnson. 1 here state
a fact which the country should know, that
when, after Mr. Lincoln's cruel death, his Cab-
inet called on Mr. Johnson and tendered their
resignations, he desired them to remain. So
far as he could do, he thus reappointed them ;
and in Mr. Stanton's case the Senate by its
action, when informed of his suspension, con-
firmed him ; but., above all, if this be incor-
rect and the opposite view shall prevail—if on
the passage of the tenure-of-office bill tnere
was a vacancy in the War Department and the
act of 1795 stood unrepealed as to the full
power of appointment claimed to fill the va-
cancy, then, from March 2, 1867, or a month
