1867.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Beport of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Hp. of, Bep§.
District. Of the $12,000 appropriated at the
preceding session §8,000 have been paid to the
treasurer. Five thousand five hundred and
five dollars and fifty-three cents have been
expended by him upon the order of the trustees
in repairing and furnishing the temporary build-
ing upon the Government ('arm, in an attempt
to render it fit for the reception and detention,
for the time being, of juvenile offenders. One
thousand four hundred and fifty-seven dollars
Vave been spent in the employment of a watch-
man and for other put poses, of which the report
of the board does not furnish specific informa-
tion. The trustees are of opinion that the build-
ing now occupied cannot be adapted to any
permanent use. For the erection of one such
as is required they suggest that an appropria-
tion of $100,000 is necessary, and they request
an additional appropriation of §25,000 to meet
the current expenses of the institution. They
have, furnished no detailed estimate, and I sub-
mit the subject for consideration.
I earnestly invite attention to the views ex-
pressed in the last annual report of this Depart-
ment touching the law directing the imprison-
ment of juvenile offenders sentenced by the
Federal courts. A modification of its provis-
ions is indispensable to give it practical effect
in many parts of the country.
The Metropolitan police force consists of
238 men, of whom 6 are detectives. They
made 20,075 arrests during the past year, 8,783
of which were of females, and 0,136 were
of colored persons; 13,224 of the alleged
offenses were against the person, and 6,851
against property; 12,107 of those ariested
were unmarried, and 7,373 could neither read
nor write ; 971 were committed to jail; 331
gave bail for appearance at court; 200 were
turned over to the military; 6,330 were dis-
missed ; 1,007 were sent to the work-house,
and 576 gave bonds to keep the peace. In
569 eases various light punishments wore in-
flicted ; fines to the amount of $38,098 45
were imposed in 9,128 eases. One hundred
and eighty-four lost children were sent home :
8,473 destitute persons were furnished with
temporary lodgings, and 131 were assisted
or taken to the hospital. The detective force
made 4G2 arrests; recovered stolen or lost
property to the amount of §15,691 40, and
performed other labors, which do not admit of
record. The sanitary company of the police
have been actively employed, and with evident
advantage to the health of the city.
This Department suggested in the last annual
report the expediency of creating a court for
the trial of offenses of a minor grade, and the
subject is again presented for consideration.
During the year ending 30th of June, 1867,
there were admitted to the Government Hos-
pital for the Insane 109 patients, of whom 88
were males. The whole number under treat-
ment was 390, of whom 273 were males. The
number discharged was 77, of whom 60 were
males. The number of deaths was 33, of whom
19 were males. The whole number under treat-
ment at the close of the fiscal year was 280, of
whom 188 were males. More than half of these
were from civil life. There have been 2,315
persons treated since the institution was opened,
1,004 of whom were natives. The receiptsdur-
ingthe past year amounted to §101,871 9-5, and
at its close there was a balance of §2,436 09
in the hands of the superintendent. Congress
will no doubt cheerfully make the usual allow-
ance for the support of the hospital. I recom-
mend that an additional appropriation, for
which an estimate has been submitted, be made
for furnishing, lighting, and heating the unfin-
ished part of the east wing of the main edifice,
and for the purchase of land contiguous to the
present grounds. The report of the 'Board of
Visitors contains many interesting tables and
an elaborate discussion of the proper treat-
ment of persons afflicted with a peculiar form
of insanity, of whom an unusually large num-
ber was admitted during the past year.
40th Cong. 2d Sess,—No. 4,
$
I have heretofore expressed my opinion of
the admirable manner in which this institution
has been conducted. Its present condition
reflects the highest, credit upon the accom-
plished superintendent and those associated
with him in the administration of its affairs.
The Columbian Institute for the Deaf and
Dumb is a private corporation. I referred to
its history and its relation to the Government
in my last annual report. I lespectfully invite
attention to the views which 1 then had the
honor to submit.
In addition to the 'payment of the charges
for the education and maintenance of the pupils
entitled to admission on the order of the Sec-
retary of the Interior Congress has advanced
to this institution the sum of $264,040 87.
There are now twenty-three pupils from the
District of Columbia and three who are the
children of persons in the military service of
the United States. I3y the acts of February
16, 1857, and May 29, 1858, Congress agreed
to pay annually $150 for the maintenance of
each of such pupils. The directors requested
an appropriation in gross for the support of the
institution instead of the payment for such
pupils per capita. Theact allowmgsuch charges
should therefore be repealed, as Congress made
the requested appropriation for that and the
succeeding year, and it is confidently believed
they will evince the same liberality for the
ensuing fiscal year. At the last session the
admission of ten pupils from the States to the
collegiate branch of the institution was author-
ized on the same terms and conditions as those
prescribed by law to the residents of this Dis-
tiict. This pro\isiou wasauuexed to the appro-
priating clause granting §25.000 for the sup-
port of the institution and the purchase of
books and apparatus. Nine pupils availed
themselves of this privilege, thereby entailing
an unexpected burden upon the resources of the
institution. The directors request on this ae-
eount.an allowance of S3,000. I have submitted
an item, therefore, in the deficiency estimates
for the current year. During the last,fiscal year
three pupils died, eleven were dismissed, and
eight admitted. In accordance with the direc-
tion of the board of trustees the president pro-
ceeded to Europe to examine similiar schools
in Great Britain, Prussia, France, Germany,
"Belgium, Switzerland, and Italy. The result
of his investigations is embodied in an able
and interesting paper which accompanies the
report of the board.
The claims of such an institution are of the
most imposing character. I am, nevertheless,
of the opinion that when Congress shall have
liberally provided for the indigent deaf mutes
who reside in this District, or aie the children
of persons actually in the military or naval
service, it will have fully discharged its duty,
if not exhausted its constitutional power over
the subjcct. The present buildings are more
than sufficient for the ample accommodation
of the Government pupils. The board of
directors, in addition to the school for the pri-
mary branches, desire to maintain a prepara-
tory department, where the deaf mutes of the
several States may he prepared for admission
into the college proper. The studies in the lat-
ter will embrace as thorough and comprehen-
sive a coui'-'e of instruction in aneicnt and mod-
ern languages, and in the literary and scien-
tific branches, as is furnished in the best
I American colleges. The indigent deaf mutes
of the several States who are competent to
profit by these advantages are to be main-
tained and instructed at the expense of the
General Government. It certainly was not
the original intention of Congress to provide
for the gratuitous instruction of these afflicted
persons. If unable to incur the expenses of
I an education, they should appeal to individual
munificence or to that of the States in which
they reside. The support of paupers is an
appropriate subject of State legislation, and
has never been regarded as falling within the
province or constituting a duty of the General
Government. The arguments advanced to
justify Congress in furnishing educational
privileges for the indigent deaf mutes of a
State would equally require a similar provis-
ion for the blind or lame, or those who, with-
out natural infirmities, desire collegiate in-
struction, but are excluded by their poverty
from obtaining it.
Should these views be regarded as erroneous,
however, and Congress deem it their constitu-
tional duty to establish and maintain a national
deaf mute college, the United States should
control it, and be vested with a title to the
grounds purchased by their means for its uses.
The erection of buildings required for the ac-
commodation of all the students who may desiro
instruction and maintenance free of charge
will require a very large outlay, independent
of the amount which, from time to time, must
be advanced to meet the annual expenses of
the institution. I take pleasure in adding that
there is no other school in the country that sur-
passes this in the ability, zeal, and success with
which the president and professors devote them-
selves to the intellectual and moral training of
those committed to their care.
Congress, by an act approved June 1, 1806,
incorporated the "Columbia Hospital for
Women and Lying-in Asylum." It was estab-
lished for the treatment of diseases peculiarto
women, and as a lying-in asylum, in which
board, lodging, medicine, and attendance
should be gratuitously furnished to those una-
ble to pay thcrelor. At the date of the report
of the board of trustees there were seventy one
patients. During the past year 451 women
obtained admission to the asylum, or received
from it assistance and medical treatment.
Congress on the 2d of March last appropriated
•S10,000 to aid in the support of this institu-
tion. The receipts from private donations
were $3,280 71, and from patients $2,114 88,
making an aggregate of §15,335 CO.
Congress has always given its sanction, and
whenever they could be properly bestowed, its
pecuniary contributions to every well-consid-
ered benevolent enterprise adapted to supply
the wants or promote the interests of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. This institution is a private
corporation, and maintains the same relations
to the Government as the Columbia Institution
of the Deaf and Dumb. The trustees have,
however, determined to submit an annual
report to the Secretary of tho Interior and to
authorize upon his order tho admission of
patients whose indigence and helpless condi-
tion justify them in seeking eleemosynary aid.
Few if any of the instrumentalities which the
benevolence of the age has adopted to alleviate
human suffering or minister to human wants
piesent stronger claims to public sympathy
than institutions of this description. Although
in its infancy and with scanty means, this
asylum has liberally extended to it« beneficia-
ries skillful medical and surgical aid and that
considerate attention which their peculiar con-
dition required. In consideration of the good
already accomplished and of the pressing
necessity for extending the scope of its char-
ities the directors strenuously urge that it
should be established upon a permanent basis.
As that object cannot bo attained solely by
private benefactions, they request an appro-
priation by Congress of §G0,000 for the pur-
chase of a site and tho erection of buildings.
I cordially recommend this request to favorable
consideration: but if granted the organic act
should be so amended as to secure to the Uni-
ted States a title to the real estate purchased,
and an efficient control over the institution.
The respective departments and officers of
thenational Government, the executive depart-
ments of the several States and Territories,
and tho legally designated public libraries ana
educational institutions of the United States
have been furnished, as far as practicable,
with those copies of statutes, hooks, and con*
