THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
cretion, has been but slightly noticed, and no
attention has been bestowed upon those topics
of declamation and invective which have been
intruded into the trial. The constitutional
question was discussed by me at length when
the tenure-of-offlce act was passed, and I
do not find it necessary to repeat the argu-
ment then made by me in order to explain or
vindicate my judgment upon these articles of
impeachment. As to the extraneous and ir-
relevant matters introduced into the trial, and
particularly into the argument, I put them
wholly aside. This case is to be tried upon the
laws which apply to it, and upon the facts
which are duly proved. The issue joined is
not political but judicial, and it is upon spe-
cific articles of accusation. They are to be
decided honestly and firmly, and nothing beside
them is to pass into judgment.
In my opinion the acquittal of the President
upon all the charges preferred against him is
authorized by law and demanded by justice.
He has committed no high crime or misde-
meanor. He has trampled upon 110 man's
right; he has violated no public duty. He has
kept his oath of office unbroken, and has sought
in a lawful manner to vindicate and preserve
the high constitutional powers confided to him
by the people. He cannot and ought not to
be punished for his opinions upon public meas-
ures and public policy; and, in contemplation
of law, his conduct in all the matters brought
before us for review has been irreproachable.
What he has done indicates not criminal in-
tent but patriotic purpose; and besides, that
true courage, sustained and invincible, which
grapples with difficulty and defies danger.
OPINION
OP
HON. JAMES R. DOOLITTLE,
Delivered orally during the consultation.
Mr. Chief Justice and Senators:
I. OF THE KKMOVAL OF STAXTON.
I concur in so much of the opinions of Sen-
ators Hendricks, Grimes, Johxsox, Fessen-
des, Teumbulu, and Buckai.ew, that I shall
not go over the grounds so ably stated by them,
to give a general opinion in this cause. They
all concur with the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] and with my colleague [Mr. Howe]
that the tenure-of-office act left the President
at liberty to remove the Secretary of War at
pleasure. In this opinion I agree. I think that
opinion will command the assent of nine
tenths of the legal* profession of the whole
country. It is too clear, in my opinion, to admit
of serious argument, aud I shall spend no time
upon that.
II. OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THOMAS AD INTEIilM.
Upon the question whether the act of 1863
in relation to ad interim appointments repealed
the act of 1795, I wish to say a word. There
is no express repeal. If repealed at all it
must be by implication.
The act of 1795 covers all vacancies—vacan-
cies by death, by resignation, by removal, and
by expiration of term—four in all. Its lan-
guage is, •'That in case of vacancy" (iuclud-
ing'all vacancies) " it shall be lawful for the
President to authorize any person to perform
the duties,'' &c., for a term not longer than six
months.
The act of 1803 says that in case of two
vacancies, namely, by death or by resignation,
the President may authorize some other officer
to perform those duties not longer than six
months.
While the act of 1795 covers all vacancies,
including vacancies by removal and vacancies
by expiration of term, as well as by death and
by resignation, the act of 1863 does not pro-
vide for the two vacancies first named at all.
Of necessity, therefore, it does not repeal or
modify that act as to those two vacancies.
My colleague [Mr. Howe] is entirely mistaken
in saying that the act of 1795 was made obsolete
by the act of 1863. It is true, in the margin
of the volume, (first vol., 415,) the word " ob-
solete" is found. But immediately over it are
found the words, also, " act of May 8, 1792,
ch. 37." It is the act of 1792 which is marked
obsolete, not the act of 1795. What makes
this certain is, the volume itself was published
in 1825, nearly forty years before the act of
1863.
Besides, President Buchanan, in 1860, under
the act of 1795, appointed Mr. Holt Secretary
of War ad interim in place of Floyd. The Sen-
ate, by resolution, asked him by what authority
he acted, the Senate being in session. His
answer was conclusive—overwhelming; giv-
ing more than a hundred cases of similar
appointments ad interim. It is impossible for
my colleague to maintain that the statute of
1795 is obsolete.
Neither is the statute of 1795 repealed by
the act of March 2, 1867. so far as the case of
| Stanton is concerned; for unless his case is
covered by that act, and my colleague demon-
strates that it is not, his removal and the author-
ity issued to General Thomas to perform the
duties ad interim is no violation of that act.
It is clearly within the act of 1795. I shall
dwell no longer upon that.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin to certain
words in the act of 1795 which I have not heard
commented upon and which may be words of
limitation, namely, "whereby they cannot per-
form the duties of their respective offices.''
Do not these words limit the act to certain
vacancies?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let me remind my
honorable friend from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]
that he will find the same words in the act of
1863 applying to vacancies caused by death and
resignation '' whereby they cannot perform the
duties of their respective offices."
Mr. BUCKALEW. The same words arc
in the act of 1792. In the acts of 1795 and 1863
these words were borrowed from the act of
1792.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is true; I thank
the Senator from Pennsylvania. I think it
clear that, under the act of 1795, the President,
can authorize a person to do the duties of the
head of the War Department in ease of vacancy
by removal, and the power to remove Mr. Stan-
ton is clear under the act. The Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] upon the passage of the
act, maintained that, and, in his opinion just
delivered, makes that point too clear to be
questioned. "
As to the other charges I concur entirely with
the opinions of Senators Hexdricks, Grimes,
and others, and shall not repeat what they have
so well said.
But, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, there
is another point upon which I wish to submit
my views, very briefly. The Senator from
Ohio said however conscientiously the Presi-
dent may have believed that lie had a right to
appoint Mr. Thomas ad interim, if two thirds
of the Senate differ with him in opinion in the
construction of the law he must be found guilty
of a high crime or high misdemeanor, for which
he should be removed from his high office.
From this doctrine 1 dissent. The President,
as the Chief Executive, is compelled officially
to construe the laws of Congress. He must
execute them ; and to do that he must know
their moaning. If ho mislake the meaning of
a doubtful statute, upon which the ablest Sen-
ators and lawyers disagree, to say he can be
found guilty of a high crime or high misde-
meanor because he mistakes its true meaning
while honestly seeking to find it shocks the
moral sense of the civilized world. It is a
monstrous proposition. Intention, criminal in-
tention, is of the very essence of crime. A
publicofficermaycommita trespass and become
liable to respond, in damages, in a civil suit,
when, mistaking the law, he violates the rights
of person or property of another. But to say
that a high public officer, with good motives
and with an honest intent to obey, though he
mistake the meaning of a statute, ean be found
guilty of a high crime and misdemeanor which
shall subject him to the heaviest punishment
which can fall upon a public man in high office,
is to assert a doctrine never before heard in
any court of justice. There is no evidence to
show on his part an intention to violate the
Constitution or the law. Prom a criminal aet
a criminal intent, in the absence of proof to
the contrary, may be inferred. But in this
case all criminal intent is positively disproved
by the Managers themselves.
The message of the President whfch the Man-
agers have put in evidence against liimr—arid
there is no evidence to contradict it—distinctly
avers his entire good faith; and further, that
he was advised by all the members of his Cab-
inet, including Mr. Stanton:
First, that the tenure-of-office act was un-
constitutiifnal, arid therefore no law at all.
Every student at law knows that every enact-
i meat of Congress is just as much subject to
I the higher law of the Constitution as if it
I contained an express proviso in these words;
" Provided that nothing herein contained shall
have any force or validity whatever unless it-is
authorized by the Constitution of .the United
States." In a word, an unconstitutional enact-
j ment is not a law; it is void; and void things
are no things at all.
And secondly, the message proves, also, that
every member of his Cabinet advised him that
I if the law were constitutional his power to re-
move Stanton was not limited by the very terms
of the act.
It will be remembered, also, the President's
counsel offered to prove the fact that the Pres-
ident was so advised by every member of his
Cabinet, including, of course, the Attorney
General.
Now, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, what-
ever effect may be given to the opinions of
other members of the Cabinet, the opinion of
the Attorney General, given to the President,
must be regarded as judicial so far at least in
the absence of bad faith in him, or in the Pres-
ident when acting upon that opinion, as to pro-
tect the President from all charge of crime or
high misdemeanor.
The statute providing for an Attorney Gen-
eral enacts:
"And there shall also be appointed a meet person,
learned in the law, to actus Attorney General of the
United States, who shall be sworn or affirmed to a
faithful execution of his office; whose duty it shall
be to prosecute and conduct all suits in the Supremo
Court in which the United Statesshall be concerned,
and to give his advice and opinion upon questions
of law, when required by the Presidentof tho United
States," &e.
This opinion ofthe Attorney General, if given
and acted upon in good faith by the President,
is a protection against any charge of high crime
or high misdemeanor. The Attorney General
is chosen because he is learned in the law, to
advise a President who may not be a lawyer at
all. He is confirmed by the Senate as'a judge
is confirmed, for his high character and legal
learning.
Take the ease of General Grant, who is a
candidate for the Presidency. He is no law-
yer. Suppose he should be elected, and the
Senator from New Jersey, who is learned in
the law, should be nominated and confirmed by
the Senate as his Attorney General, and that
some of the many doubtful, hasty, and almost
unintelligible acts of Congress came before him
for construction ; if General Grant should, in
good faith, act upon the opinion of Senator
Frelixghuxsijx as his Attorney General, no
matter how erroneous that opinion might be,
can any man be so lost to all sense of common
justice and fair dealing as to assert that Gen-
eral Grant could be guilty of a high crime or
high misdemeanor when acting in accordance
with it. And learned in the law as that hon-
orable Senator is, high as he deservedly stands
in the profession in his State, it is certainly no
disparagement to him to say that Mr. Stanbery
stands as high as he or any other Senator upon
this floor in personal character and legal ability.
Sir, much may bo forgiven, much must be
forgiven in times of high party excitement faj
the judicial blindness which it begets. But
