1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2573
num, $60,000; aad for other necessary expenses of
carrying said acb into effcct, as explained below,
$11,600, making a total of $71,600 •
Fifty desks at forty-five dollars $2,250
Fuel and gas      700
Carpeting    2,000
Fitting up house, cases, &c    500
Rent .•  1,200
Fifty chairs  350
One messenger  1,000
Three laborers  2.160
Two watchmen, (night,)  1,440
§11,600
Very respectfully,
h. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Tha]dt>eus Stevens, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, Home of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will be
perceived that the committee have not reported
any of those items, many of which they deemed
extravagant, hut only a sufficient amount to
cover the salaries of those clerks who have
been employed under existing law.
Now, sir, the last item on the list is a small
amount of $5,000 for the contingent expenses
of the paymaster's department. The work
has been so great there that the appropriation
has given out. I will read a letter from Gen-
eral Brice on this subject:
War Department,
' Paymaster General's Office,
Washington, December 16,1807.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a de-
ficiency estimate of §5,000, indispensably necessary
to meet the contingent expenses of this office during
the remainder of the current fiscal year ending July
1,1868.
In my estimate for contingencies for the current
fiscal year, dated and transmitted September 6, 1866,
I seated as necessary the sum of S15,000. That esti-
mate was regarded a close one in view of the large
additional expenses for stationerygrowingout ofthe
adjustment and payment of claims for the additional
bounty. Cougre&s reduced the amount to $10,000, and
now the fund is exhausted.
You will please ask that an appropriation of $5,000
be made at as early a date as practicable.
I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, B. W. BRICE.
Paymaster General,
General U. S. Grant, Secretary of \Var ad interim.
I have a further note from General Brice, in
•which he says:
" I desired to ask them at the same time to put
through the deficiency appropriation for contingent
expenses of the Paymaster General's office (S5,000)
for the current year, lam absolutely embarrassed for
want of it. Will you please call attention to it."
Now, sir, the large amount of $1,800,000 is
an item that I do not desire to press very hard
upon the House. 1 desire that the House shall
hear read from the Clerk's desk letters from
the Secretary of the Treasury explaining in
relation to that deficiency, which is a very large
one. That deficiency exists, and he says he
cannot carry on the Department unless the
appropriation is made.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department, March 6,186s.
Sir: The appiopriation for collecting the revenue
from customs is, I aui sorry to say, very nearly ex-
hausted. On account of increased expenditures
necessarily incurred both at thoNorthaiidthe South
ii om causes too wellknown to require enumeration at
this time, the standing appropiiation for this object
has proved inadequate. Thiscondition ofaff.iivs was,
during the last Congress, urged byms'self asamotive
for creating a distinct appropriation tor therevenue-
cuttor service, at present provided for from the gen-
eral appropriation now in question. The suggestion
was favorably received, but the close of the session
prevented final action upon it. A similar proposi-
tion applicable to the coming fiscal year has been |
lately submitted by me to the llouse, and if it meets 1
a favorable response I hope to be able to administer
the customs service, so relieved, within the limits of
the existing appropriation, though it may he neces-
sary to ask a peimanent increase notwithstanding.
For the curient year, however, ending June 30,
1868, T am relncra.nl ly compelled to ask an additional
appropriation of $1,800,000.
The balance now to the credit of the customs fund
being hardly sufficient to meet the demands of the
( urrent month, permit me to invite early attention
to the matter.
Very respectfully, " H. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. Sohuyler Colfax,
Speaker Home of Representatives.
Treasury Depaetment, Api il 20,186$. i
Sir: The appropriation lor collecting the revenue !
from customs is so far reduced that th® Department i
will be unable, in default of an additional appro- j
priatiou, to meet the expenses of the cunent month. :
I bog therefore to call your attention to my request, I
sometime since communieatcd to the llouse, for an i
additional appropriation of $1,800,000 to meet defi-
ciencies arising in the current fiscal year under that
head.
Hoping that an early opportunity my offer to append
it to some appropriate bill, I am, sir, very respectfully,
h. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
lion. Tiiaddeus Stevens, Chairman Committee -A[>-
joropriatiom, Mouse of Representatives.
Expenses of collecting revenue from customs for year
ending June 30. 1808.
Standing appropriation, per joint resolution 3d May,
1866... $4,200,000
lines, dire., storage, <fcc., fees—usually about
S500.000—this year reaching about.  600 000
By transfer from other appropriations in
excess  1,200,000
0,000,000
ihe expenses of the current month will
more than-exhaust the balance now on
the books, and it is estimated that thero
will be required for the remainder of this
year until the 30th June next  1,800,000
Total ST,800,000
This Is the amount for the current year. Itissome-
what greater than usual because there were a consid-
erable number of debts outstanding at the beginning
of the year which were paid trom the amounts above
specified.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That ™
braces the whole explanation as it comes irom
the Secretary of the Treasury. I trust it is
satisfactory to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. This is an enormous ex-
pense for collecting revenue, $7,800,000, and
the deficiency is enormous—81,800,000. Now,
I suggest to "the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that the Committee of Ways
and Means have the subject of the revision and
change of the tariff before them, and, it seems
to me, the question of the expense of collect-
ing customs is more properly connected with
that subject than with the subject of appropri-
ations. I suggest, therefore, that this item be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
to be considered by them in connection with
the revision of the tariff.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ This is a
deficiency of an appropriation, and, if the gen-
tleman has listened to the reading of the let-
ters of the Secretary of the Treasury, he will
see what the condition there is at the present
time.
Mr. BROOKS. I think they can exist with-
out this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If thegen-
tleman insists, I do not wish to urge the bill
through the House without a full consideration
and understanding. If the gentleman from
New York or any other gentleman says he is
not prepared to act upon it, I will move to
postpone the bill and make it the special order
for to-morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to make a single
suggestion. The gentleman from New York
speaks of changing the law in reference to the
mode of collecting the customs. Well, if that
is to be done, it is a matter for the Committee
of Ways and Means, of course. But this is an
appropriation that is asked for an expense
that has been incurred under existing law.
And no matter what change you may make in
the law for the future, it cannot alter the ex-
penditure called for now by the Secretary of
the Treasury. I hope the Committee of Ways
and Means will change the law so as to insure
greater economy, and certainly the Committee
on Appropriations will second most heartily
any such measure. But this is a provision
that is necessary whether the law be changed
or not.
Mr. BROOKS. I am satisfied, as a Repre-
sentative of a commercial city with one of the
largest custom-houses in the country, that the
expenses of collecting the revenue are far
beyond whnt they ought to be.
Mr. BLAINE. There is no doubt about
that.
Mr. BROOKS. I am very loth to vote a
deficiency of SU.800,000 upon the bare inform-
ation we have before us here.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman in-
lorm tis whether the percentage on collec-
tions is as great or greater now than it was !
previous to the war, when we collected annu-
ally some sixty or seventy millions?
Mr. BROOKS. I have not looked into that.
Mr. BLAINE. I can answer the gentleman
from Tennessee. The percentage is very much
less: but I agree with the gentleman from New
York, that the sum total is more than it ought
to be. I presume the percentage is not more
than one half or, perhaps, one third what it
was.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know how that is;
but the expenses ought not to be so enormous.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 quite agree to that".
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
gentleman from New York objects to the con-
sideration of the bill at present, I move that
it be made the special order for to-morrow
after the morning hour, and that it be printed.
Mr. BROOKS. No man in twenty-four
hours can possibly look into the subject-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
will say Wednesday.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before any special order
is made for Wednesday I desire to notify the
House that I propose upon that day to report
back the tax bill, and to ask immediate or
very early action upon it with a view to press-
ing it continually until the end.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to ask action on the bill or consideration
of it on the same day he reports it?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, if the House will
consent to it.
The SPEAKER. If the bill is changed at
all from the bill as originally reported it will
have to be reprinted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New York is satisfied, I believe,
that this bill shall go through.
Mr. BROOKS. No, I am not satisfied, but
I will interpose no objection to its passage.
The bill (H. R. No. 1117) to supply partial
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending on the 30th June,
1868, then received its several readings, and
was engrossed and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, from the President
of the United States was communicated by
William O. Moore, his Private Secretary, who
also announced that the Presidenthad approved
and signed a joint resolution (H. 11. No. 91)
concerning certain lands granted to railroad
companies in the States of Michigan and Wis-
consin ; also a bill (H. R. No. 1062) to grant
the right of way to the Whitehall aud Pitts-
burgh Railroad Company.
tax bill ordek of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice 'that on
Wednesday, being possibly the first legislative
day, I will report the internal tax bill back
from the Committee of Ways and Means. I
do not know that it will be necessary to ask
time before proceeding to its consideration, as
is usually done, because there will not be many
amendments proposed by the committee that
are material; they are principally verbal, and
these we have thought we would offer for the
consideration of tlie House, as the bill is read
section by section, as amendments coming from
the committee. I will say this: I will report
the bill back on Wednesday and ask the House
to take it up for consideration on Thursday and
proceed with it, unless the House shall on
Wednesday otherwise order. I apprehend that
most members will have returneato their seats
again before the session of Thursday.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman from Ohio
will allow me to make a single suggestion.
The Indian appropriation bill lies before the
House as a special order, and I should desire
that it might be passed before his bill is taken up.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I will report the
bill back on Wednesday, and aslt the House to
