2574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
take it up on the next day or at the earliest
possible moment.
Mr. BLAINE. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that although his bill is printed and
has been lor some days on the desks of mem-
bers, yet when the House goes into Committee
of the Whole upon it any single member may
demand that it be read through at the Clerk's
desk unless by unanimous consent its first read-
ing be dispensed with. The first reading can
be dispensed with by a suspension of the rules,
aud therefore I suggest that the matter had
better be settled to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very much obliged
to the gentleman for his suggestion, because I
should think it would be almost a mischief for
any one to insist upon the first reading of the
bill in full. I have already advised the House
that it is the purpose of the Committee of Ways
and Means to afford the fullest opportunity for
amendments and for the discussion of amend-
ments to the bill; and as that is the course we
propose to pursue in our treatment of the bill,
1 will ask that the House shall be equally
courteous to us, and for the purpose of ex-
pediting the consideration of the bill the House
shall now agree that when this bill shall be
taken up in the Committee of the Whole the first
reading of the bill shall be dispensed with, and
that we shall proceed to read it section by sec-
tion. If there is any objection to that course
I will move to suspend the rules in order that
such an order be made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know that there
will be any objection to the course suggested
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
when the bill comes up, but I should certainly
think it was not best to make such an arrange-
ment at this time. For one, I cannot consent
to such an agreement now.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will make the further
suggestion that when the bill is taken up in the
Committee of the Whole debate shall be con-
fined to the bill; otherwise, under the general
rule, debate can be extended to almost any
subject.
Mr. BLAINE. The House can limit the
debate to that extent at any time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think it is neces-
sary to make such an order now; but, as chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
shall insist that the debate all the way through
shall be confined to the bill. As the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. EldridgeJ objects to
making this order now, and as X deem it so
important, I will take the opportunity of this
being Monday to move a suspension of the
rules, so that it may be ordered that the first
reading of the bill shall be dispensed with.
Before making that motion I desire to state
my reasons for it. This bill consists of two
hundred and eighty-nine sections and some
three hundred and sixty bill pages. If any
gentleman should insist, as he has the right to
do under rules of the House, upon the bill
being read through for general information,
before it shall be taken up and read section by
section and clause by clause, something like a
week will be consumed id the preliminary read-
ing of the bill. Now, I do not think that is
necessary in case of a bill which is in print
and has been upon our tables for two weeks
past.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman from
Ohio say it will take a week to read this bill
through?
Mr. SCHENCK. Pretty nearly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should think it could
veiy easily be read through in a day.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. I could read it through
in two hours.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish to be un-
derstood as saying now that I shall object to
the course suggested by the gentleman from
Ohio when the bill comes up. I simply object
to the order being made now.
Mr. SCHENCK. The difficulty is this: the
gentleman reserves his objection to be made at
a future time. When that time comes, if the
objection is made, I will not be able to move
to suspend the rules. But to-day being Monday
I can move to suspend the rules, and I prefer
to do it now, so as to make a sure thing of it.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order.
Can the House bind its action on a future day
in this way 1
The SPEAKER. If this was a resolution
offered by the gentleman from Ohio when the
State of Ohio had been called, it could not be
adopted except by unanimous consent. But
the gentleman moves to suspend the rules so
that a certain order shall now be made by the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that it be now ordered that
when the internal tax bill shall be reported
back from the Committee of Ways and Means
the preliminary or fix-st reading of the bill in
Committee of the Whole shall be dispensed with.
Mr. CHANLER. On that motion I will call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to ask a question of
the gentleman from Ohio before the vote is
taken.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
ask the question.
No objection was made.
Mr. ELIOT. Before the House commences
the examination of this bill, which the chair-
man of the committee states will occupy per-
haps a week in its first reading, if that reading
should be insisted on, I wish to put two in-
quiries to the chairman. The first one, far
information from him, is as to the probable
length of time which would be required for
the House to consider reasonably, act upon,
and finally pass the bill in the shape in which
it has been reported from the committee? Of
course, Mr. Speaker, I know very well the
chairman of the committee can give no definite,
exact answer to such an inquiry; but 1 also
know the familiarity he has with the general
subject of the bill will enable him to form a
judgment on that question, which will be of
importance, as I think, to the members of the
House.
One other inquiry is this, whether it be not
reasonably practicable for the Committee of
Ways and Means to report to the House such
amendments as in their judgment the interests
of the country require respecting the tax upon
whisky and upon tobacco as would answer the
purposes of the Treasury, without its being
necessary for us at this period of the session
to commence the work of examining and pass-
ing this bill in full; aud whether it may not be
that such report could not be made by the com-
mittee as would enable the House to act on
that, leaving the general subjects of the bill for
our consideration at the next session ?
These are the two questions I wish to bring
before the chairman of the.committee. 1 be-
lieve, Mr. Speaker, that the time which we
would occupy would be so long that the inter-
ests of the country would be better promoted
if the course I have suggested could be taken
than that the whole bill should be at this time
discussed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I answer
with pleasure the inquiries of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and first, as to the time
to be occupied. I spoke of this bill taking,
perhaps, weeks to read ; of course I meant that
with reference to the two or three hours of each
day we give to the consideration of any par-
ticular subject. If the bill be taken up with-
out preliminary reading, and we apply ourselves
in good faith and in a business way to its con-
sideration, I have no doubt myself that in less
than three weeks we can perfect the bill with
full opportunity to all parties in the House to
take a share in that action on the bill. And,
perhaps, we might even abridge that lime if
night sessions shall be held ; and if I find at
any time it would expedite the progress of the
bill through the House to ask for night ses-
sions I shall certainly ask for them.
Now, as to the second question. The commit-
tee, I beg the House to believe, have taken a
great deal of pains—with what success the
House and the country must hereafter judge—
to get a bill as perfect as they could makfe it
for the general interests of the country, and to
make that bill a unity, an entirety. It is not
practicable, I think, with advantage, to sepa-
rate from the bill particular provisions in rela-
tion to the collection of tax on distilled spirits
and tobacco. Provisions of a general nature
for the enforcement of the law, for the reduc-
tion of the number of officers, for increasing
the responsibility of officers, run through the
body of the bill. They are as essentially neces-
sary to enforce the collection of these taxes
upon which we must rely as the peculiar pro-
visions which relate to this subject of taxation
itself; and unless we can adopt some general,
wholesome, administrative changes, and some
general, wholesome provision of penalty and
of forms of proceeding, to secure the responsi-
bility of officers and compel them to the dis-
charge of their duty undor the various subjects
which are in the body of the bill passed along
with particular provisions in relation to these
subjects of taxation, I do not feel disposed to
assure the House that our work will have
accomplished that which we intended by it. I
do not believe we can go through the whole bill
in all its parts in a little more time than we
could get through with the discussion of these
particular subjects. I prefer to report back
the bill as an entirety and to have it considered
as a whole by the House, and I think I can assure
no unreasonable protraction of the session will
ensue if they set to work with a will, which
the committee hope they will bring to the work
on their part. They will have at least the
earnest cooperation of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman give us any information in regard
to the length of time a former tax bill of about
one third the size of this took in the Commit-
tee of the Whole? My recollection is that it
took three weeks of very diligent considera-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. It might be invidious for.
me to undertake to assign reasons why there
might be greater delay on one bill or less
delay on another, but I will say this much : I
think there are some three or four special
points which will occasion a great deal of dis-
cussion, but when these have been disposed
of we shall be able to run along with this bill
without anything like the delay which the gen-
tleman refers to in other cases ; and especially
for this reason, that the committee w'ill pre-
sent, 1 think, upon pretty much every question
an undivided front in this House. Questions
of difficulty and dispute among themselves
have been for the most part, if not entirely,
settled in the committee-room in advance.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask this question ? Is it not true that a
very large portion of this very large bill is
merely a codification and simplification of the
law without changingits substantive provisions,
so that it would really not nee,d to take very
much discussion except upon the few points
the gentleman refers to ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I can readily answer the
question. A great deal of the bill is of that
character. We have codified, simplified, and
brought together provisions scattered through
different portions of the law, but in some
instances we have inserted new, and,, as we
think, important matter ; as a whole, #e trust,
cohering together.
Mr. GARFIELD. It seems to me that should
very much facilitate action on the bill. It will
relieve the minds of members to a great degree
and save an immense amount of time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to say a word
in reply to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Illinois. The tax bill of 1866 that he
refers to took three weeks in this House; but
the gentleman will remember that then we
exempted special articles from taxation. The
committee reported, I think, one hundred and
twenty articles to be excepted, but every mem-
