50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Acting Commissioner of Agriculture.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
-gressional documents to which they are respect-
ively entitled under existing laws. For a
period of several years, on the completion of
the printing and binding of the documents of
a session of Congress, there have been deliv-
ered to the Department of the Interior 470
complete sets of those which are known as
"House documents," and only 420 sets of
"Senate documents;" thus placing in the
custody of this Department, after the close of
each session of Congress, fifty sets of " House
documents" without an equal number of
"Senate documents." The statutes which
relate to the printing, binding, and distribu-
tion of complete sets of public documents need
revision.
In closing this report, I should do injustice
to the officers of this Department were I not
to declare my high sense of the very efficient
manner in which they have discharged their
arduous duties. I respectfully refer to the
views in regard to their compensation pre-
sented in the concluding portion of my last
annual report, and earnestly invoke for thcin
the favorable consideration of Congress.
I am. sir, very respectfully, your obedient
servant,
0. H. BROWNING,
Secretary of the Interior.
The President.
Report of the Acting Commissioner of
Agriculture.
Department of Agriculture,
Washington, D.C., November 25, 1867.
Sir: In consequence of the death of the
late Commissioner, Hon. Isaac Newton, which
took place in this city on the 19th day of June
last, it becomes my duty by the terms of the
organic act establishing this Department to
submit to you a report of its transactions for
the past year. In so doing it affords me great
pleasure to be able to say that it has been a
year of great productiveness and prosperity
to the agricultural interest and to the country.
The discouragement resulting from the dimin-
ished fruitfulness of preceding years has been
partially relieved by a recurrence of a fair
measure of productiveness. Another assur-
ance has been added to the universal teaching
of the past, that seed-time is followed by the
harvest as sure as day is preceded by the dawn.
It is this certainty of results in proportion to
the measure of judgment and industry employed
that gives to husbandry its safety and stability,
its freedom from preying anxieties, and its
ability to supply the most pressing wants of
the whole human family.
PROGRESS IS AGRICULTURE.
It is gratifying to note the evidences that are
apparent even to the superficial observer of the
increasing interestof our people in the advance-
naentof agricultural science—of the quickened
mental activities of farmers, as shown by the
widening demand for agricultural books, news-
papers, and the reports of this Department—■
of the disposition to experiment, test alleged
improvements, and adopt labor-saving expedi-
ents—of the growing inclination to employ in
agriculture money, business energy, and active
enterprise, which are so successfully employed
in other departments of business.
In nothing is this intellectual activity shown
to be so manifestly beneficent to the agricul-
ture of the present era as in the improvement
of agricultural implements. In 1847 the num-
ber of agricultural patents granted was but
forty-three; in 18C3 it had increased to three
hundred and ninety; in 18G4 to five hundred
and sixty-three ; in 1805 to six hundred and
forty-two ; while in I860 the wonderful increase
to one thousand seven hundred and seventy-
eight was made : and during ten months of the
present year the Patent Office has issued no less
than one thousand seven hundred and seventy-
seven. Thus the number of agricultural inven-
tions perfected yearly is now more than forty
fold greater than twenty years ago. Already
has this nation surpassed all others in the ex-
cellence and variety of its agricultural machin-
ery. Partially represented as was our agricul-
ture in the recent World's Exposition of Indus-
try, at Paris, and almost ignored officially in the
national recognition of that great exhibition,
our honors plucked from the field of European
competition were almost exclusively industrial,
and largely agricultural. So successful have
been our farming implements in repeated con-
tests on European soil that their rapid intro-
duction into foreign markets is only impeded
by the greatly increasing demand at home.
These improvements are rapidly revolutionizing
the agriculture of the West, and reducing to the
lowest minimum ever attained the proportion
of manual labor employed in its operations.
As an instance the reaper, first, doing the labor
of alialf dozen, then a half score of men, is sup-
plemented with a self-raker, which does the
work of others still; and now, further to facil-
itate and economize the harvest work, the same
machine is furnished with apparatus for instan-
taneous binding of the sheaves. And the fur-
ther this labor savingprogresses the higher the
wages of harvest workers, the broader become
the harvest fields, the greater are the profits of
the farmer, and the more extensive become the
garners of the world.
Coincident with this application of mechanics
to agriculture, systematic and enlarged business
aptitudes lun e also sought alliance with this
noble art. Farms of thousands of acres have
been managed with greater skill, a more eco-
nomical adaption of means to ends, and with
a larger margin of net profit than many others
of eighty acres. The maxim " cultivate fewer
acres and cultivate them better" is a safe one
for farmers who can only be induced to culti-
vate better by areduelion of the area cultivated,
but it will be found that the larger the farm,
within the capacity and means of the farmer
for good tillage, the better and cheaper it may
bo tilled. Yet it is true of the mass of farmers
who only employ the labor of their own hands,
that the concentration of that labor upon a
small area is their highest assurance of success.
it is a fact that cannot escape the attention
of the observing that men of culture and wealth
are taking an interest in agriculture, giving to
the world the benefit of their experience and
research, and pursuing their vocation with a
view to scientific results as well as profit. It
has ceased to be a custom to select the dolt of
the family for the business of farming. It is
becoming apparent, even to the unintelligent,
that agriculture involves principles underlying
many sciences, and natural phenomena too
deep for science to fathom ; that it requires, in
a merely practical view, a fai mer to be some-
thing more than a plowman—a machinist, to
understand the construction, management, and
care of farm machinery; a carpenter, to repair
implements and manufacture many fixtures of
the farm; a bookkeeper, to keep an accurate
record of the outgo and income, experiment,
profit and loss; a merchant, to know how and
when to buy and sell cattle, or dispose of the
products of his labor; and a banker, to dis-
cover when drainage and fertilization will
prove a better investment for surplus profits
than five-twenties or railroad stock. In view
of all these evidences of the progress and of the
expanding capabilities of our agriculture I
take pleasure in commending this great inter-
est to the favorable consideration of Congress,
believing they will deal with it in a spirit of
liberality becoming a great nation. The con-
tinued manifestation of governmental interest
in this industry is assumed from the magnificent
grants of public lands for "such branches of
learning as arc related to agriculture and me-
chanic arts," the subject of which is fully set
forth in the fourth section of said act, as follows:
"Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
all moneys derived from the sale of lands
aforesaid by the States to which the lands are
apportioned, and from the sales of land scrip
hereinbefore provided for, shall be invested in
stocks of the United States, or of the States,
or some other sate stocks, yielding not less
than five per cent, upon the par value of
said stocks; and that the moneys so invested
shall constitute a perpetual fund, the capital
of which shall remain forever undiminished,
(except so far as may be provided in_ section
fifth of this act,) and the interest of which shall
be invariably appropriated by each State which
may take and claim the benefit of this act to
the endowment, support, and maintenance of
at least one college where the leading object
shall be, without excluding other scientific and
classical studies, and including military tac-
tics, to teach such branches of learning as are
related to agriculture and the mechanic arts,
in such manner as the Legislatures of the
States may respectively prescribe, in order to
promote the practical and liberal education of
the industrial classes in the several pursuits
and professions in life."
The details of organization of these institu-
tions in aid of scientific and intelligent hus-
bandry has been wisely left to the control of
the States, a majority of whose people are in-
terested in the pursuits to bo benefited and
therefore not disposed to permit these liberal
donations to be misapplied. It is gratifying
to note the increasing interest in agricultural
education which is evinccd in discussions of
the various plans of organization, and to dis-
cern the gradual crystalizing into form of the
crude views at first entertained, all leading to
the confident belief that a sublime develop-
ment of practical industrial education, how-
ever slowly accomplished ainid embarrass-
ments and discouragements, will at length be
acknowledged one of the crowning glories of
America.
RETROGRESSION.
While adverting to these evidences of prog-
ress in American agriculture it is proper to
drop a word of dissatisfaction, and even utter
a note of warning, in view of the improvidence
and reckless waste which is stripping the fair-
est fields of their wealth of fertility, exposing
them to the constant action of the elements,
and subjecting them to an annual drain of the
same constituents, none of which are ever
returned to the soil. The Department esti-
mate of the average production of wheat in
Ohio last year was about four bushels pet-
acre ; the State statistics, so far as returned,
made the yield scarcely three bushels. None
will doubt that it is more owing to bad culture
and want of drainage than to the severity of
the season that the product did not average
twenty bushels. Every new western State is
remarkable for sounding reports of great crops
of wheat, and the same States, in a very few
years, are equally remarkable for reduction in
yield of wheat, increase of insects, and preva-
lence of disease.
The freshest areas in this culture east of
California will scarcely yield an average of
twelve bnshels per acre the present year. A
systematic rotation, some attention tofertiliza-
tion, greater care in the selection of seeds,
better tillage, and more thorough culture will
alone prevent deterioration in products and
real values_ of farm property. This stigma
upon American agriculture may be attributed
in part to the cheapness of western lands, the
original^ price of which bears so insignificant
proportion to their intrinsic value that the
owner erroneously deems it cheaper to remove
to new lands than to sustain and increase the
productive capacity of his present farm. One
result of this fatal error is the removal west-
ward, year by year, of the center of wheat
production, thus adding transoortation and
other charges to its ultimate cost, threatening
to make difficult the future supply of ouv popu-
lation and to reader export impossible.
If we shall be able to produce our own sup*
