3598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
William Lawrence, Loughridge, Marvin, Mercur,
Miller, Niblack.Orth, Phelps, Randall,Rt>ss,Shanks,
Shellabarger, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Aukcn, Van Trump, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Welker, William Williams, Stephen F. Wil-
son, arid Woodward—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archor, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Barnum, Beamnn, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Boycr, Brooks, Broomall,
Burr, Chanler, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Covode, Dawes, Dodge, Eldridge, Fields, Fin-
ney. Fox, Glossbrenner, Gravely, Griswold, TIalsey,
Hill.Hooper,Hopkins* Asaliel W.Hubbard,Richard
D. Hubbard, Hunter, Judd, Kelley, Knott, Ivoontz,
Laflin. Lincoln, Logan, Mallory, Marshall, McCar-
thy, McCullough. Moore, Morrissey. Mungen, Nich-
olson. Nunn, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Robertson,
Schenek, Selyo, Sitgreaves, Thaddeus Stevens, Stew-
art, Stone. Tuber, John Trimble, Van Wyck, Ward.
William B, Washburn, John T. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodbridge—70.
So the clause was ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
60, noes 5G.
Mr. JULIAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Julian and
Mr. IIaigiit were appointed.
The House again divided ; and there were —
ayes 07, noes 57.
Mr. PRICE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this bill will be resumed immediately after the
reading of the Journal to-morrow.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at four
o'clock and thirty-eight minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, e'r\
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. PRUYN: The petition of John
Ahem, of Albany, asking indemnity for the
loss sustained by him in furnishing certain
supplies to the Army in the year 18G3.
nJiyMr. ROBINSON: The petition of John
T. llildreth, of Brooklyn, asking an appropri-
ation to erect a monument in Fort Green,
Brooklyn, to the memory of the victims of the
Jersey prison ship.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of 48 citizens of Columbia, Pennsyl-
vania, setting forth that the productive inter-
ests of the country are suffering and its indus-
try paralyzed for want of efficient protection
against the cheaper labor and capital of for-
eign countries, and praying that Congress will
resume its consideration of the tariff bill, which
passed the Senate and failed in the House
March, 1807, and enact it into a law at the
earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petition of 47 iron-workers in St.
Charles furnace, Columbia, Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that, owing to foreign competition,
their industry is greatly depressed, and many
of the trade arc out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petitions of 148 iron-workers at
Marietta, Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing
to foreign competition, their industry is greatly
depressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 28 workers in Lancaster
cotton mills, Pennsylvania, setting forth that,
owing to foreign competition, their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 100 nickel miners in
Gap mines, Lancaster county, Pennsylvania,
piaying lor such increase of protective duties
ass will revive manufactures and restore pros-
perity to the country.
Also, the petition of W. H. Eagle and 42
others, citizens of Marietta, Lancaster county,
Pennsylvania, praying for additional protective
duties.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of
Emily B. Bidwell, widow of BrigMier General
Daniel D. Bidwell,'for .increase of pension.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The
petitions of Howard Iron Company and Valen-
tine & Co., iron manufacturers in Centre
county, Pennsylvania, employing, when in full
operation, 200 workmen, 100 of whom are now
idle, setting forth thatthcindustryof the coun-
try is paralyzed for want of efficient protection
against the cheaper capital and labor of foreign
countries; that much of the distress now preva-
lent and daily increasing, would be relieved by
the passage of the tariff bill, which failed in the
House, March, 1867, and praying Congress to
resume consideration of that measure and
enact it into a law at the earliest practicable
moment.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 30, 186S.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, tho reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
militia fottce in texas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
Texas, asking Congress to authorize that con-
vention to organize a militia force in that State
to act in conjunction with and under the mili-
tary commander therein for the protection of
tho lives and property of the citizens ; which
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
senator it rom florida.
Mr. HOWE. 1 desire to submit to the Sen-
ate -a certified copy of an ordinance of the
Legislature of Florida ratifying the thirteenth
and fourteenth amendments of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and to submit with
that the credentials of Hon. T. W. Osborn, a
Scnator-elect from that State. I ask that the
credentials bo read, and that the oath of office
be administered to the Senator-elect.
ThePRESIDENT_pro^7npor«. The creden-
tials will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Executive Office, State of Florida.
Tallahassee, June 18,1868.
This is to certify that in accordance with the pro-
visions of the act of Congress entitled "An actto regu-
late the times and manner of holding elections tor
Senators in Congress," approved July 25, 1806, tho
Senate and Assembly of the State of Florida, chosen
under and by virtue of the constitution framed in
accordance with thereeonstruction acts of Congress,
did this day conven c in joint Assembly and proceeded
to electaSenatorintheCongress of theUnited States
to fill tho term_ixspirinff on the 3d day of March, A.
I). 1873.
And I do further certify that Thomas "Ward Osborn
received a majority of the votes of the said joint
Assembly, a majority of all the members elected to
both houses being present and voting.
And I do lurthcr certify that tho said Thomas
Ward Osborn ha* been nine years a citizen of the
United States and two years a citizen of the State of
Florida, and is a registered voter.
Therefore, by virtueof the authority vested in me,
and in pursuance of the requirement's of the constitu-
tion of the State, I do hereby accredit the said Thomas
Ward Osborn, as Senator in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, to fi 11 the said term expiring on the 3d day
of March, A. D. 1873.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
r e -i and affixed the great seal of the State of
|L. s.j piorida.
HARRISON REED, Governor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. If there
be no objection, the Senator-elect from Florida
will advance to the desk and take the oath.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ara not aware of ail
the facts with reference to the State of Florida,
whether it is in a condition to have a Senator
admitted. I will inquire if that matter has
been examined into byanycommittee? There
are certain conditions to be complied with. I
wish to be informed about it.
Mr. HOWE. I have just laid on the table
the evidence that the State h d complied with
the conditions. The act specified that they
should be admitted when they had ratified the
fourteenth article. The ordinance of the State
ratifying the thirteenth and fourteenth articles
I have just laid upon the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator has
examined the subject, and is satisfied that
everything is right about it, I shall not object.
Mr. HOWE. I have no doubt about it.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin says that the ordinance of the State
is there ratifying the constitutional amendment.
I suggest that we know nothing of the ordi-
nance of a State passed by a State Legislature.
I wish to have the ratification of the constitu-
tional amendment, if it exists at all, read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read the paper;
but before concluding,
Mr. DRAKE. I do not care to have the
whole of that document read through. The
point upon which I wished information was
that which was involved in thg statement of
the Senator from Wisconsin, that the ordinance
of that State was here. I presume that that
is a ratification of the constitutional amend-
ment ; but I would rather that the document
should be referred to a committee to ascertain
and report upon that fact before these Senators
are admitted. It may be that the constitu-
tional amendments are there set out correctly;
it may be that they are not; but this is too
grave a matter to be left to any doubt or uncer-
tainty ; and as that investigation could be made
in the course of an hour or two, or less per-
haps, I move that the credentials of the Sen-
ator or Senators elect from Florida, together
with the document now purporting to be a rati-
fication of the constitutional amendment, and
produced before us, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, merely for the purpose
of examining whether all the facts exist which
entitle these gentlemen to be sworn in. The
committee can better examine it than we can
in open session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is another ques-
tion whether the ratification has been, accord-
ing to law, communicated to the Department
of State. I believe the Secretary of State is
by law required to announce when a sufficient
number of States have ratified a constitutional
amendmentto make itapartofthe constitution.
Mr. HO WARD. 1 do not think that ancient
statute applies to the seceding States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a general statute,
and must apply to all the States.
Mr. HO \VARD. I think the papers liad
better be referred to the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And I wish the com-
mittee to inquire into that fact also.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 beg also to call the atten-
tion of the committee especially to the language
in which thisratification is couched. The Con-
stitution requires the Legislatures of the seve-
ral States to "ratify" an amendment of the
Constitution of the United States. I observe
that in the present instance the Legislature of
Florida have used the word " adopted:"
"Resolved by the people of the State of Florida in
Senate and Assembly represented, That the lo!lowing
j proposed amendments to the Constitution, known as
iiiticles thuteen ;md fourteen, bo, and the same arc
hereby, adopted."
I should rather think upon first blush that
would be a sufficient ratification, but still I
desire to call the attention of the Judiciary
Oominittee particularly to that language, in
order that we may be informed whether that
word is a perfect compliance with the constitu-
tional requirement.
Mr. FEllRY. Tho motion now is that the
credentials of the Senators-elect, and the rati-
fication of the constitutional amendments, be
both referred to the Judiciary Committee. I
would suggest to the Senator from Missouri
that the credentials lie upon the table, and the
ordinance of ratification alone be referred to
the Judiciary Committee, as we refused' the
other day to refer the credentials of the Senators
from Arkansas. I move that amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. There is a reason for referring
the credentials along with the supposed resolu-
| tion of ratification. An act of Congress re-
quires that in the election of Senators the two
houses of the Legislature of any State shall
first vote separately for Senators. That applies
{ to this State as well as every other. Now, the
question is presented here whether the Senate
will recognize credentials of Senators which do
