THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
they understood it. If the power was a con-
stitutional power, it was surely as vigorous and
effective during the session as in the recess of
the Senate, and the law being designed, no
doubt, to be as broad as they held the Consti-
tution itself to be, I cannot suppose it was
intended to confine removals to time or limit
them by circumstances. To the President is
given the unlimited power to remove. If he
does remove, whenever it occurs the law has
fixed the successor.
In this state of the law I will admit that if
the President had removed one of these Secre-
taries during the session of the Senate, and
had nominated a successor to the Senate, this
successor could not have entered on his duties
until he had been confirmed. The chief clerk
or Assistant Secretary, as the case might be,
would have held the office till confirmation.
Thus stood the law on the subject of these
three Departments until May 8, 1792. The
eighth section of the act of that date changed
the rule for these temporary successions in
certain cases, and extended the sfme rule to
other officers in the Departments beside the
heads thereof. Under the former acts, however
the vacancy might be occasioned, whether by
removal or otherwise, the person to take the
office temporarily was fixed, and must be the
clerk or Assistant Secretary. But it was now
provided—
"That in case of death, absence from the seat of
Government, or sickness of these Secretaries, it, shall
bo lawful for the President of the United States, in
case -he shall think it necessary, to authorize any
person or persons, at his discretion, to perform the
duties of the said respective offices until a successor
be appointed, or until such absence or inability by
sicknes;; shall cease."
After the passage of this act if a vacancy
should have been created by removal in the
head of a Department, the President could
not have "authorized any person or persons,"
at his discretion, to take charge of the office.
For instance, he could remove the Secretary
of War, but the chief clerk still would become
the acting Secretary. He couid only designate
another person in case the vacancy occurred
from death, or from temporary absence or sick-
ness. It will be observed that this act fixes
no limitation of service for the temporary suc-
cessor.
The next change made was by the act of
July 13,1795. This act provides—
" That m case of vacancy in the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of Treasury, or of Secretary lor
the Department of War," [being the only Execu-
tive Departments yet established,! "it shall be law-
ful for the President of the United States, in case he
shall thii>k it necessary, to authorize any person or
persons, at his discretion, to peu„ra the duties of tile
said respective offices until a successor be appointed,
or such vacancy be filled."
The effect of this act is simply to extend the
discretionary power of the President, in mak-
ing temporary appointments, to cases of re-
moval and expiration of term, which were not
provided for in the act.of 1792. But inasmuch
as the President could now remove any of the
Secretaries and all subordinates in their De-
partments not appointed by the heads thereof,
and appoint others at his own will, Congress
thought it wise to limit the term of the succeed-
ing temporary incumbent by adding the follow-
ing proviso, to wit: "That no one vacancy
shall be supplied in the manner aforesaid for a
longer term than six months." The President's
power of removal was not interfered with. He
could still remove in session or vacation, and
now he could designate at discretion the tem-
porary successor, but at the expiration of six
months the office became vacant, and thus the
Senate retained its advisory power, so far as it
chose to retain it, over appointments. Jt was
under this state of the law that Mr. Adams
peremptorily removed Mr. Pickering on the
12tli of May, 1800. And we can readily dis-
cover a good reason—whether the true one or
not 1 cannot say—for Mr. Adams's desire that
Mr. Marshall's nomination should he confirmed
before the adjournment of the Senate. Under
his own appointment.without the action of the
Senate, the office of Secretary of State would
become hopelessly vacant before, the next
meeting of Congress, and would remain so till
action could be had by the Senate.
But whatever may have been Mr. Adams's
reasons for wanting Marshall's confirmation
before the Senate adjourned, it is quite clear
that he entertained no doubt of his power to
remove Mr. Pickering during the session of
that body. He had asked Pickering to resign
in language very similar to that employed by
Mr. Johnson in asking Stanton to resign. Pick-
ering refused, and Mr. Adams issued an order
of positive and absolute removal. It is true
that Mr. Marshall's name was sent in for
confirmation the same day, but it was declared
to be "in place of Timothy Pickering, esq.,
removed." The President acted strictly in
accordance with his previous opinions, as in-
dicated by his vote when presiding over the
Senate in 1789, when the laws creating the
Departments were passed. It is not reason-
able that he should have doubted, and surely
the history of that time discloses no expres-
sion of doubt or censure by the most virulent
of his political opponents.
The law on this subject remained unchanged
up to February 20, i863. At this time the
other Departments of the Government had
been established; but the provisions of lmv
for temporary appointments made applicable
to the first three by the acts of 1792 and 1795
had not, in words, been applied to those sub-
sequently created. Mr. Lincoln having this
difficulty sharply presented to his mind by an
exigency arising in the Post OfficeDepartment,
took the responsibility of acting outside the let-
ter of the law, and made an ad interim appoint-
ment. He, however, sent a communication to
Congress, dated January 2, 1863, in the follow-
ing words:
To the Stnu(e and l{ouf,e of ReprenentaHve'i :
I submit to Congress the expediency of extending
to other Departments of the Government the author-
ity conferred on tho President by the eighth section o£
the act ol 8th May, 1792, to appoint a person to^tem-
porarily discharge the duties of Secretary of State,
and Secretary of the Treasuiy.and Secretary of War,
in ease ol death, absence from the seat of Govern-
ment, or sickncss of either of those officers.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
"Washington", January 2,1863.
Congressional (Jlube, 1862-63, part 1, p. 185.
' Congress took action in the premises, as
requested, but seems to have directed its atten-
tion rather to amending the legislation of 1792
than that of 1795. Instead of putting the more
recently-established Departments by name on
the same footing with those established prior
to 1792, the act of 1863 extends the cases for
temporary appointments from "death, absence
fiom the seat of Government, or sickness,"
as fixed by the act of 1792, so as to include
also ca^es of resignation, and then makes its
provisions applicable to all the Fxecutive De-
partments. it provides:
"That in ciisc of death, resignation, absence from
the scat of Govetnment. or sickness of the head of
any cveeutive 1)apartment,,'' &c., "the President
may authorize the head ot another Department, or
other officer in either of said Departments, to per-
form the duties." &a : "but no vacancy shall be thus
supplied lor a longer term than six months."
If this act had taken away the power of re-
moval, as fixed by the act ot 1789, then it could
be possibly said that so far as this case is con-
cerned it renders inoperative the act of 1795.
But if the power to remove still remains after
this legislation, then a vacancy may be created
which is not provided for in the act of 1863.
Death, resignation, absence, and sickness con-
stitute the only cases of vacancy for which
provision is made in this latter act. Beside
the vacancy arising from removal, if the power
yet exists, (and I can find no statute, up to
the year 18i>3, taking it away,) vacancies may
occur from expiration of term ; and this class
of vacancies, too, is wholly unprovided for.
Upon the passage of the act of 1803, it follows
that if a vacancy should have occurred in the
War. Treasury or State Departments from re-
moval or expiration of term, the President
could still have designated "any person or
persons'' whatever, under the act of 1795,
to perform the duties for six months. But no
such vacancy in the heads of oilier Depart-
ments could be supplied at all. In the Navy,
Interior and Post Office Departments the only
vacancies that could be temporarily filled are
those occurring from death, resignation; ab-
sence and sickness. And for all the vacancies
last named, in any of the Departments pro-
vided for by the act of 1863, the President is
confined in selecting the temporary successor
to the head of some other Department, or to
some other officer in one of said Departments.
And now it may be said that the act of 1868,
with this construction, partly failed of its ob-
ject. Even if this be so it is,only what fre-
quently occurs in legislation. The law-maker
often comes short of the purposes designed by
the law. But it does secure all that was asked
by Mr. Lincoln, and even more. He asked for
power to fill vacancies ad interim occurring by
death, abscnce and sickness, and Congress
gave him power to fill not only these, but also
vacancies occurring by resignation. It did not
give him authority thus to fill a vacancy in the
Post Office, Navy and Interior Departments
arising from removal or expiration of term,
but to fill such vacancies in the War, State, and
Treasury Departments he- had ample power
under the act of 1795, which yet remains
unrepealed. "*
Having now examined all the legislation up to
the tenure-of-civil-ofiice act of March 2, 1867,
1 come to the conclusion that—previous to that
act, at least—it was quite clear that the Presi-
dent possessed the undoubted power to remove
a Cabinet officer commissioned, as he must
have been, to hold during the pleasure of the
President, either in the recess or during the
session of the Senate. I also conclude that if
a vacancy could be thus created, that vacancy,
under the law, could be filled by a temporary
ad interim appointment, to continue for six
months. Of the latter proposition I have no
doubt at all. Whatever of offense exists in
these articles must be found in the first one.
If the President could remove, he could un-
questionably fill the place for the limited
period named. When Mr. Buchanan Was called
on by the Senate in January, 1861, to show
under what authority during its session he had
appointed Joseph Holt, a loyal man, Secretary
of War ad interim to fill the vacancy created
by the resignation of Mr. Floyd, a rebel, he
presented the law so forcibly as, in my judg-
ment, to silenceall cavil, and settle the question
forever. In his communication to the Senate
he truly refers to the practice of the Govern-
ment, and shows that one hundred and seventy-
nine such appointments in the chief Depart-
ments of the Government alone had been made
from 1829 to 1850, a large number of them
made, too, during the session of the Senate.
It will be observed, too, from the evidence in
this case, that in the bureaus and inferior
offices of the Government many ad interim or
acting appointments have been made to fill
vacancies of every character, including those
made by removal. If it be said that no vacancy
by removal in the head of a Department was
ever thus filled, it may be answered that but
one Secretary, up to the date of which we
speak, ever refused, during the session of the
Senate, to resign when asked, and he was
promptly removed by the sole act of the Pres-
ident without consultation with the Senate.
The vacancy being once created can be filled,
as any other vacancy, by an ad interim, appoint-
i! ment.
jj I come now to the act of March 2, 1867—
1 the civil-tenure act. Does it change the law,
as I state it to have been before its passage?
!; The act I will admit to be clearly constitu-
i tional in all its parts. The only difficulty, in
I my mind, grows out of its construction; and
!'' this difficulty of construction is the result of
the effort made on the passage of the bill to
' reconcile a radical difference between the two
Houses of Congress on this very question of
:i Cabinet officers. It has sprung out of a most
II reprehensible and vicious practice—that to
|] save important measures from defeat these
;; differences between the two Houses are to be
11 healed and covered up in conference committees^
