1868'.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOB!.
ber had special articles which he wanted to
except, and nearly all the debate that arose on
the bill arose from the fact that everybody
wanted to get rid of taxation. Now, fortu-
nately, in this bill we have exempted nearly
everything except luxuries. Therelore I think
the discussion would take a much smaller range
than in the bill of 1866.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire the attention of the
chairman of the committee for a moment. I have
heard it suggested, in view of thegreat magnitude
of this bill and the immense amount of labor in-
volved in going through with the whole of it in the
Committee of the Whole—not on this side of
the House, but on the other—that it was not
likely that such a bill could pass this Congress
at the present session. Now, there are points
of interest and importance in regard to the
revenue of the country which ought to be pro-
vided for by special legislation at this time; and
1 wish to ask the chairman of the committee
whether the committee could not frame a brief
bill which would meet these important points
and enable us to pass upon them and dispose
of that much of the matter at. this time, even
if we cannot get through with the whole? I
suggest whether it is not desirable to have a
draft of another bill before us for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman had
heard my reply to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, he would have found that his inquiry
has been answered.
Mr. PRUYN. I was not here.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer to finish my reply
to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ELIOT. Go on.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have explained to the
House, and will repeat for the benelit of the
gentleman from New York and> others who
have not heard me, that our bill hangs together,
as we think, in all its different putts, so that
ils vuiious general provisions—those which
relate to the administration of the Department,
those which relate to the penalties to be im-
posed, and those which relate to the responsi-
bility of officers—are necessary to bo passed in
connection with what refers to special subjects
of tax. Hence we would not willingly sep-
arate them, but prefer the House should con-
sider them all together. I do not myself
believe there is anything reasonably to be ap-
prehended in the suggestion that we cannot
pass this bill as an entire bill through the
House within a reasonable time for adjourn-
ment at the present session.
Mr. ELIOT. I was desirous of asking the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] with the
information that ho has as a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, whether, in
his judgment, he believes that this House can
do justice to that bill, and consider and pass it
as it comes from the committee without re-
maining in our seats here until some time in
the month of September'!
Mr. ALLISON, Mr. Speaker, that is a
question that depends upon so many contin-
gencies that I could hardly undertake to pro-
phecy with regard to it. It depends, in the
first place, on the length of time occupied by
this House, which will depend upon the fact
whether we hold night sessions; and then it
depends on the length of time occupied by the
Senate on the bill. My own impression is that
it will take considerable time for this bill to
pass both Houses—say till the middle of July or
the 1st of August, or perhaps longer.
Mr. ELIOT. Before it gets through the
House ?
Mr. ALLISON. No ; through both Houses.
It depends, of course, on the action of the
Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Consider-
ing the late period at which this bill is reported,
I was desirous that the Committee of Ways
and Means should group together a few of the
most important items in it, and pass them in a
separate bill, because I state it as" my deliberate
judgment, from my knowledge of the way in
which the House and the Senate do business.
that we cannot get through the tax bill till the
middle of August. Gentlemen talk about the
bill going through in two or three weeks. Why,
sir, with a very small tax bill it took three
weeks of diligent labor to pass it through this
House. If the gentleman from Ohio thinks
that his bill has not got to run a gauntlet
here, which he little dreams of, he is very much
mistaken. I know the way in which these bills
are met here. I know something of the way
in which appropriation bills that have been
reported unanimously by the Committee on
Appropriations, and which we did not expect
would be attacked at all, have been attacked
and have dragged on for weeks and weeks be-
fore we could reach a determination in regard
to them. Sir, when we have passed this bill
and it goes to the Senate, where they have no
previous question, does anybody suppose that
a bill of this vast importance—a bill of three
hundred and sixty pages—will get through the
Senate in less than six weeks, if at all ?
Sir. I believe we cannot pass this bill at this
session of Congress, and wo had better make
up our minds to that in the first instance and
let the Committee of Ways and Means report
another bill, embracing the most important
objects, and pass it, and then let us go home.
I will say further in regard to the other busi-
ness—that with which the Committee on Ap-
propriations is particularly charged—that we
have only two bills behind—the Indian appro-
priation and the deficiency hills. Those two
bills can be passed at any time in three or four
days. Of the other appropriation bills some
have already passed the Senate and have be-
come laws ; and if the gentleman from Ohio
and the Committee of Ways and Means would
agree to the course I have suggested we could
very easily get through all our business and
adjourn by the 1st of July.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BU L'LER. I must claim the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there any question
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] obtained the floor for
the purpose, as the Chair supposed, of repos-
ing some matter from the managers, but he
yielded to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SonENCK,] to enable him to test the sense of
the House on dispensing with the first reading
of the tax bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot yield for further
discussion. I am willing that a vote shall be
taken.
The SPEAKER. If any gentleman raises
the question of order debate is not in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems to me, as gen-
tlemen say that we cannot get through before
September, that it is best to stop this sort of
filibustering. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I will ask, then, that a vote
be taken on the motion that 1 make to suspend
! the rules so as to dispense with the preliminary
reading of the tax bill in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union: and 1 will
add to it that the bill be made the special order
in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from day to day after the morn-
ing hour until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. On that motion the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Chanler] de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken: and two thirds
voting in the affirmative the rules were sus-
pended, and the order was made.
lhavi: of a::pe.nci:.
Leave of absence for ten days was granted
to Mr. Lincoln on account of sickness, and
to Mr. Kitciikx for four days.
1ies3a0e fro ii the sex ate.
A message from the Senate, by William
J. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Senat e had passed, with amend-
ments, in svhiili the concurrence of the House
was requested, the following bill and joint res-
olutions of the House:
A bill (E. R. No. t>">8) making appropria
tions for the support of the Army for the fecal
year ending June 80, 1869, and for other pur-
poses ;
A joint resolution (H. B„ No. 216) to au-
thorize the Secretary of Wax to place at the
disposal of the Lincoln Monument Association
damaged and captured ordnance; and -
A joint resolution (H.R. No. 251) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to furnish supplies
to an exploring expedition.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following joint resolu-
tions, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 46) in relation
to certain harbors on the coast of California;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) donating
certain captured ordnance for the completion
of a monument to the memory of the late'
Major General John Sedgwick.
The message further announced that the
Senate had excused Mr. Grimes from serving
on the committee of conference on tKe bill of
the House No. 678, making appropriations
for invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869,
and had appointed to serve in his place Mr.
Morrill, of Maine.
RECUSANT WITNESS.
Mr. BUTLER. I am instructed by the man-
agers to lay before the House a report*and an
accompanying resolution for the purpose of
invoking action of the House as against a wit-
ness who has put himself in contempt of the
House. 1 ask that the report be read, and the
resolution agreed to.
The report was read as follows:
The committee of managers, acting under the au-
thority ot the resolution of the Ho use of Representa-
tives of the lGth of May instant—
" That for the farther and more efficient prosecu-
tion of the impeachment <>f the President, the man-
agers be directed and instructed to summon and ex-
amine witness under oath, to send for persons and
papers, to employ a stenographer, and to appoint
sub-committees to take testimony; the expenses
thereof to be paid from tlie contingent tund of the
House"—
have attended to their duty so far as they have
been able, because of the matters hereinafter stated,
and ask leave to report in part as follows:
In pursuance of Lhe resolution, having appointed
a sub-committee, of which Mr. Butler was the first
named, to take testimony, Charles W. Wool ley, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, appeared before the committee on
Tuesday, tho 19th ot May, in answer to its subpeena,
alter various objections on his part and an admitted
attempt to avoid. Wooliey was examined by thesub-
committce with very considerable delay, because of
his refusal to answer some questions, his evasion of
others, and interposition of claimed rights and priv-
ileges, which iie attempted to sustain by argument,
until the time of the session of the committee was
exhausted fortheday. During that day Wooliey did
not finally refuse to answer any question put to him.
He w.os ordered to appear befoie tho committee
again at half past ten o'clock on tho morning ot the
next day (20th) for further examination. lie did not
appear, however, until about one o'clock, and alter
tlic House had adjourned until Saturday, i:ild.) anil
thence, without lurther business, till Monday. After
tho adjournment he could not be brought before the
House for contempt m refusing to answer until now.
At the second appearance of Wooliey before the
j committee, a majority of themanagers being present,
Mr. Boxjtwell was chosen chairman pro tempore,
during the absence from illness of Mr. Bingham.
The examination being then about to be continued
betore the whole committee, an oath was again ad-
ministered to him by the chairman, and the inquiry
attempted to be proceeded with. Upon being asked,
whether upon reflection he desired to change or alter
anything in ins testimony given yesterday, Wooliey
declared that he did nut consider lie was under oath
the day berore," or that he had given any testimony
whatever, lie was then asked it whatiie had stated
to the committee the day betore was true, to which ho
declined to answer, alleging, m substance, that the
; o ith administered by the chaiunan of tho sub-earn -
! mittce was not binding. He was thereupon asked
I whatdisposition lie had madeof thesuinot ^20,000 or
or thereabouts, which iiad been referred to in
; iiis testimony ol the day before, and which tho com -
nnttee had reasun to believe had been raised for the
purpose of corruptly iniiueneing the trial of the Pres
■ iuent. To this lie rtiused to answer, and to every
question which would tend to showwhoro the money
i was obtained,the purposesforwluch itwasobtained,
; by whom it was furnished, and ill what manmr it
was uvod, and to whom it was paid, he declined an-
swering, alleging only that it was not deposited with
hiui or used lor any purposes connected with the im-
i peaehmcnt ol the President, and that, he would an-
swer no such question whatever in anv way but by
i: declaring it had uotning to do with tile impeachment
