2576
THE OOMMESSMAL GLOBE.
of the President, when in hi?, (fcho witness) own
judgment it was not material to the investigation.
It was obvious to the committee that if this course
was a, pioper one there was an end to ail investiga-
tion , because every witness, not seeing the materiality
oi his testimony, could make the same answer, and
no case dependent'upomcircumstanees or detached
facts to be made out by different witnesses couid
under such an admitted claim of rights be over suc-
cessfully prosecuted. The committee were, there-
fore, obliged to stop the examination at that point
upon most of the matters material to be inquired of
the witness; but as the House was not present, and
th.e .witness, by not appearing and objecting until
alter the House had adjourned—which the commit-
tee believe was a contrivance on his part that he
might npt be held for contempt—and as other por-
tions of the investigation might be much embar-
rassed if his examination went no further, the com-
mittee, unwilling to lose any time, proceeded to ex-
amine the witness further as to the genuineness of
certain writings and telegraphic dispatches made by
him in his own name or under assumed names. Hero
again your committee were met by the refusal ot the
wituess to answer as to the genuineness of his own
signature, in some oases admitting it only where it
was to telegrams m which the impeachment or trial
of the President was distinctly mentioned, and to
others, where it was alluded to in cipher or accom-
panied by such expressions as convinced the com-
" iaittee the telegrams had reference to some coriupt
eoiabina'tions in regard to the trial of the President,
lie declined to answer. The witness was thereupon,
alter consultation, dismissed and ordered to appear
before the committee for examination on Thursday,
the 2lst instant, at half past ten o'clock a. m. On
Thursday, at the hour appointed, the witnessdid not
appear, but about one o'clock in the day the com-
mittee received a certificate of his physician, which
is as follows:
"Washington, D. C., May 21,186$.
. I hereby certify that Colonel C. W. Wooliey is
under my professional caie, and unable to leave his
apartments, and confined to his bed by reason of
irritative lever, sequillar of gastric derangement.
1). W. BLISS, M. I).
This was accompanied by a statement of the wit-
ness that ho was ill, together with a long argument
upon hisrights, privileges, and constitutional exemp-
tions.
The committee, accepting the truth of this claimed
. illness, did not send for the witness, but wenton with
their investigation in another direction. lrour com-
mittee have since learned, however, that Wooliey
was well enough on that day to take.aud did take, the
evening train lor a night ride to New Yoik, and he
has not appeared before your committee since, but
has sent a telegraphic certificate ot some physician
in New York that he is there sick. It will fee thus
seen that Wooliey, the witness, has thus far baffled
and hindered the investigation ordered bytheliou&e
by contumacy in refusing to answer questions, by
evasion and by avoidance.
Tiie ground taken by the witness in refusing to an-
swer questions put to him assumes that he was to
judge of the materiality ot the testimony and of each
Question put; that all inquiry upon every topic was
to bo shut off by his own ipse duuit that it was not
material to the subject of inquiry, of which materi-
ality he was the sole judge, and about which the
committee and the House couid have nothing to say.
lie churned that il a witness avers that a given ques-
tion is not material, whether that averment is true
or false, from such decision there can be no appeal.
For example, it the committee could show aliunde
that a certain person hud received $20,000 or ^25,000
stolen noiesof a given bank, Mr. "Wooliey claims the
right to decline to answer the question whether he
diew the notes from the bank on his own check which
were delivered to the receiver, and thus destroy the
connecting link in the chain ot testimony showing
the.theft. Ol course this claim cannot be pel mated
. for a moment; for, to state the claim in other words
it is that the witness and not the tribunal is to judge
of the materiality of tne facts to be elicited.
iSot ior the purpose of showing the materiality of
the questions put to Wooliey, but to show the contu-
macy of the witness, his corruption and untruthful-
ness, and to justify the committee in asking that
severe and exemplary punishment be imposed on
hun. lor his contempt of the authority of this House
and the justice ot the nation, the committee beg leave
to report the facts and circumstances so far as they
have been developed connecting (jhailes W. Wooliey
with the subject-matter ot the inquiry with which
the committee is charged, showing how necessary it
lfr^o Public justice that the House should have from
Wooliey the frankest and fullest statement of every
tact known or believed by him to be true.
 pl>ears from the evidence that Charles W.
Wooliey is a lawyer not in general practice, but
attending to cases before the Bureau of Internal
lievenue gcnoially arising out of alleged frauds in
whisky, or, in the language of Judge Dunleavy, a
witness beforethecommittee,and TVoolley's associate
counsel m these eases, "He isa lawyerbyprofession,
a speculator, trader, does a good deal in stock spec-
ulations. in fine hot see, &a. Be is a Kentuekian, con-
sider* himself a Kentucky gentleman, and has Ken-
tucky habits. His wife has a large property, and he
has a good deal of money."
The language of Judge Dunleavy aptly describes a I
person fitted t_. be, and from the evidence it appears
to the committee that he, Wooliey, is, the manager,
or one of the managers, of the concerns of that body
of men who are defrauding the Government, popu-
larly known as the " whisky ring." His first appear-
ance as connected with the impeachment case, so far
as the evidence fixes the date, is on the 4th of May,
by a telegram sent to New York from one of the Pres-
ident's secretaries, W. W. Warden, ("Data," of the
Baltimore Sun:)
Executive Mansion1, May 4.
William W. Warden :
Dispatch me your opinion of the situation. Will
see you Wednesday morning.
(Copy.)
Washington, D. C., May 4,1868.
C. W. Woolley, Fifth Avenue Hotel, New York City :
More assured to-day than ever that the President
will be acquitted. Such is the opinion of many well-
posted men of both parties. Several Radicals, close
observers, who have heretofore felt sure of convic-
tion, inform me that they now have doubt of the re-
sult, and that this change of opinion hastakenplace
since Friday. The only persons who assert unquali-
fiedly that Johnson will be removed are those who
know least of the inner working, &c. The best in-
formed either admit that there will be acqu?,*al or
are in doubt. (Answer.) W. W. WARDEN.
Wooliey next appears about the same time at a
meeting m the room of Thurlow Weed, at the Astor
House, New York, at which were present Mr. Weed,
Mr. E. D. Webster, Mr. Sheridan Shook, and Mr.
Wooliey. Toappreeiatc tho importance oi this meet-
ing it, is convenient to describe the persons present
and their connection with the exterior and "inner
workings'' of the Government, a* it will be observed
Warden'sdispatch says" tho-only persons who assert
unqualifiedly that Johnson will be removed are 1 hose
who know least of X\\Qinnerwu) J:inp,'' <&c. Mr. Thur-
low Weed's relation to the high officers of the Gov-
ernment,andconnection with(allmannerof) opera-
tions not official are too well known to need descrip-
tion to the House.
Mr. E. D. Webster was for a long time connected
with tho State Department, is a confidential friend
of tho Secretary and of Mr. Weed of many yems,
was afterward sent commissioner or commercial
agent to England, and is now deputy surveyor of
the custom-house, New York.
Mr. Sheridan Shook is collector of internal revenue
of the thirty-second district,New York city; a man
of l:\rgo icputed wealth, and whose appeuiance and
an^wcis before tho committee were such as not to
enhance our opinion oi his integrity oi truthfulness.
The object and purposes of the meeting are best
given in the words of the witness who described it,
Mr. Thurlow Weed, omitting the names of the Sen-
ators of whom he speaks.
To the nineteenth question and the following Mr.
Weed answers as follows, namely:
Question. 1 hold in my hand a telegram from Charles
W. Wooliey—May 7. J8b8. "To lion.Thurlow Weed,
New York. When will the Albnny parly bo on hand
for business? C. TV. Woollev, Willard's Ilotei."
Answer. That is tho telegram in reference to Hast-
ings.
Question. Did you understand this telegram when
you received it?
Answer. 1 understood no more than anybody else
would have understood from it. 1 understood that
it asked when Hastings would be in Washington.
Question. Nobodyelso would have understood that
it meant (Albany party) Hugh Hastings?
Answer. I did because I had received a previous
telegram.
Q Wat ion. What business did it relate to ?
Answer. I understood the trial for impeachment.
Question. Did you send Hugh Hastings?
Answer. Yes.
Question. \\ hy should Wooliey telegraph you to
send an "Albany party,'' which you understood to
be Hasi ings?
A-nsuer. A previous telegram named Hastings.
Question, fiom Wooley?
Answer, I think so. I may be mistaken. At any
rate, I received a telegram requesting me to send
Hastings to Washington.
Que*1 ion. That was horn Webster, was it not?
Jlrmiw. Perhaps it was.
Question. Here is one. "May6,1868. To Thurlow
Weed, AstorMouse, New York, //cwilldoit. Tele-
graph Hugh Ila linga to come rieht away. E. D.
Webstei, Willavd's." Who is "he?"
Answer, Ihnve no knowledge respecting such a
telegram, but 1 do not&ay that I did not receive it.
Question. Who is "he," and what was "he" to
do?
Answer. I do not know who "he " was and what
" he " was to do.
Question. Do not you understand that you have
already told us that Hastings was to do something
about the impeachment business ?
Answer. Yes.
Question. It would seem that " he "could not refer
to Hastings because he is mentioned in the next sen-
tence. Did you make any inquiry what "he''was
and what " he " was to do ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did not you understand what "he"
meant?
Answer. No, sir; but. 1 can tell you, if you will
allow me to do so.
Question. I want to understand who " he " was.
Artnecr. I have no knowledge of who " he " was,
nor did I then understand ^what "ho" meant, if I
understood anything about it.
Question. "He will do it." What did you under-
stand by that, whoever " he " was?
Answer. I did not understand who "he" was or
what " he'' was to do, although I have no doubt that
I understood that whatover the telegram, related to
it was the subject of impeachment.
Question. Then you did receive this telegram on the
6th of May?
Answer. Yes.
Question. And on the 7th of May this one: "To
.Hon. Thurlow Weed, New York. When will; the
"Albany party be.on. hand for business?"
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. That you understood to refer to Hast-
ings. and the husiness to be relating to" impeach-
ment?
Answer. Yes, sir. '
Question. Then on the 8th of May Ifmd this tele-
gram f'-om Wooliey to. Sheridan Shook: "Go to the
Astoi House and get from our friend"-—who says
thut m"ant you—"an answer to' my dispatch to him
yesterday." Did SheHdan 'Shook eall on you, in
obedience to this telegram?
Answer. He eithercalled or sent the telegram. I
saw the telegram.
Question. "And get from our friend '—that means
you? ' ,
Ansuier. That means me. And get an answer to
my dispatch of yesterday." That was, " When will
the Albany party be on hand ior business?"
Question. What answer did you send ?
Answer. 1 do not think I sent any, because I had
not received any from Hastings at that time. Sub-
sequently Hastings eameto New-York, and came also
to Washington.
Question. Then on the ISth I find Mr. Webster
telegraphs to you that "the acquittal of the Presi-
dent is a fixed fact." Did he not write to you the
grounds upon which he put his opinion ?
Answer. I think not.
Question. Did you know in any way?
- Answer. I did not.
Question. Now, then, on the same 13th of May Mr.
Cox telegraphed to you, " If you cannot come over
send Sheridan Shook. Important." Mr. Oox has
testified that that was written at Woollcy's request.
What was the important business that yon under-
stood you were either to come or to send Sheridan
Shook upon on the 13th of May ?
Answer. Something in connection with impeach-
ment.
Question. Something importantthatyouwastodo?
Answer. I do not know what.
Question. You understood the telegram you sent
Shook,did not you?
Answer. I think he came. It was for me to come
or send Shook. I told him I was not coming.
Question. What was that important thing that
you were to do when you got here?
Answer. I do not know.
Question. What did you understand it to be?
Answer. I understood it related to the impeach-
ment. I could explain what my understanding of it
whjs if you tlunk pioper.
Question. You can give the explanation in direct
answer feo the question. What was the important
matter which,you or Snook were to do when you got
herein relation to impeachment?
Answer. Ido not know. I know nothing more than
'what the telegram states.
Question. Let us put this together and see. On the
6th of May Web&tet telegraphed to you, " He will do
it." Telegraph "Hugh Hastings to come here right
awny." Yon have forgotten who " he" is, or do not
know ?
Answer. I do not know. +
Question. On the 7th Wooliey telegraphed to you,
" when will the Albany party be on hand for busi-
ness?" and you understood that to mean Hastings.
On the Sih Wooliey again telegraphs to Shook,
under the cipher "Hooker," "Goto the Astor House
and get from our friend"—which you say means you
—" an answer to my dispatch of yesterday," When
Shook called on you to get an answer you do not
remember what answer you sent?
An-* er. 1 did not send any answer.
Question. Then on the 13th Mr.Cox says—the 13th
being the day after the adjournment of the Senate—
"If you cannot come over send Sheridan Shook.
Important. S. S. Cox." Now, it would seem, when
the telegram was shown you. you understood who
"Hooker" was, and you know that Wooliey wanted
you or Shook Miould come and do something that
was important about impeachment.
Witness. Excuse me, if you assume that language is
mine. I said it related to impeachment; not that
there was something to be done; but what I did not
know. I knew that the whole subject related to im-
peachment.
Question. But doing " business " shows that some-
thing was to be done?
Answer. Yes.
Question. "He will do it" shows that something
way to be done; "Come yourself or send Shook"'
shows that something was to bo done which you or
Shook could do. Now, pray what was to be done?
Answer. 1 have answered that I do not know.
Question. What did you understand was to be done?
Ansicer. I do not know that I underwood arivthins,
and perhaps you will find out that I do not. "if you
will allow me, I will say that from al! I heard on the
subject of impeachment I had no confidence in the
schemes that were talked abour, and 1 declined to
have anything to do with them.
Qurvtion. What were the schemes?
Answer. They were to got the vote-? of Senators
against conviction.
Question. How?
Answer. As I understood, by purchase by inon«°j.
Question. V\ ho wore enraged in tho®'4 schemes?
Answer. I ha\ e heard the suoject mentioned by a
number of parties.
Qxes/toN., Te'1 me who ?
Ansicer. I think the first person T heard talk on tho
suojeot^was a General Adams.
Question. Formerly in the confederate army ?
Answer. For anything I know, formerly in tho
confederate arttiy, though I supposed not.
Unesfton. What is his other name?
Answer. I am not suie :>bout ihat.
Question. Were you intimate with him?
