168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2G, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cameron,
Cole, Conness, Corbett, Orasin, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little, Giimes, Hendneks, Howe. Johnson, Morrill
of-Maine, Monill of Vermont, Norton, Nye, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Po'.neroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Trumbull, Willey, and
V at es—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Conklinsr, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fe-senden, Frelinshuysen, llarhtn, Howard, Mor-
gan, Morton, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, and
AVil«on—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Catfell, Chandler, Fow-
ler, Guthrie, Henderson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Stewart, Van Winkle, and Williams—12.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
resolution so as to make the adjournment from
Monday, the 23d of December, to Friday, the
Sd of January.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Wisconsin whether he
really thinks that in point of legislative time
he will gain anything at all by the difference
between Friday and Monday as the day on
which the recess shall begin. I am opposed
to this adjournment myself, and I do not make
the inquiry with a view to govern my own vote,
but rather with a view of calling the attention
of Senators to the fact that while there will be
some inconvenience imposed by the change
proposed, nothing at all is likely to be gained.
The houses will not sit on Saturday and
nobody will feel bound to stay here for the
fraction of a day on Monday, so that really the
sessions will disappear beforehand, and yet the
advantage and convenience of the proposed
adjournment will not take place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall vote against this
amendment for the reason stated by the hon-
orable Senator from New York. Everybody
knows that here, now, during the regular ses-
sion, we often adjourn from Thursday to Mon-
day, and almost always from Friday to Mon-
day. Therefore, if the amendment prevail,
we shall probably lose next Friday and Satur-
day, as every Senator sees that the next Mon-
day will be lost. If the resolution is to pass
at all, if we are not to do as we used to do,
and that is, when the day before Christmas
comes adjourn over for two or three days, and
then adjourn over again so as to give simply a
week,which I think is proper, and which ought
not to be denied; if we are to make any change
from that, which was the custom formerly, and
I think was the correct custom, we may just as
well adjourn from Friday as from Monday,
bccause nothing will be gained by changing
ths day, and by fixing Monday instead of Fri-
day injustice will be done to Senators who
want to go home, and will go; but the result
will be that they will lose their per diem if they
go before Monday. If the time is to be lost at
all events, I think we might as well adjourn
from Friday. I shall therefore vote against
the amendment, and I shall afterward vote
against the resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is simply a question
ofopinionamongSenators. If they think proper
to vote down the amendment very well. There
is so much force in the statement of the hon-
orable Senator from New York and the honor-
able Senator from Maine that it does not make
much difference whether we make this amend-
ment or not. I shall vote for the original reso-
lution if the Senate vote down the amendment,
because I think an adjournment will become
necessary, and if I cannot have it restricted to
ten days I shall vote for sixteen days, in order
to allow the adjournment to take effect. But
my answer to the honorable Senators is that
for the purpose of taking this adjournment
Congress could sit on Friday and Saturday
next, and on returning after so long an adjourn-
ment they could commence their sessions upon
Friday the 3d of January, and sit both on that
day and on Saturday, the 4th. To be sure it is
unusual to sit on Saturday, but for the sake of
so long an adjournme members of Congress
would be satisfied to advance the public business
by sitting on Saturday then as we sometimes
For
do when the public business requires it.
this reason I move the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to inquire
whether this amendment is divisible. I think
! fixing the 3d of January as the day of reas-
sembling will give ample time for members to
get back, and that part of the amendment I
would agree to, but the other part I would not.
I ask the Chair if the question is divisible?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion can be divided.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that it be divided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the first branch of the amend-
ment, to strike out Friday, the 20th of Decem-
ber, and insert Monday, the 23d.
Mr. GRIMES. It does not occur to me
that it is very advisable to divide the question
or to adopt either branch of the proposition of
the Senator from Wisconsin. In the one case
if we adoptthe latter part of the proposition we
should meet here on Friday, and everybody
knows we shall not have a quorum on Friday,
and we may just as well leave the members
who do go home to their families have until
Monday as to attempt to meet here on Friday
and cause them to have a deduction of their
pay for that day. If we adopt the amendment
as proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin,
members from portions of Illinois and the
whole of Iowa cannot reach their homes before
Christmas. The system that used to prevail
of adjourning over day to day for a week was
a very good system under the census of 1850,
but we must remember that the census of 1860
has introduced changes into the constitution
of the House of Representatives, and there are
some in the constitution of the Senate. There
are thirty or forty more members of the House
of Representatives who cannot reach their
homes according to the old system of adjourn-
ment, and hence the necessity of this change
which has been proposed ofmaking the adjourn-
ment one adjournment in order to enable them
to enjoy the same comfort and advantages that
the members on this side of the Alleghany
mountains enjoy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not adjourn ninety
days to allow members from the Pacific States
to go home on the same principle?
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose we should if they
had a controlling voice in the House of Rep-
resentatives. I have no doubt they would have
the adjournment made to suit themselves just
as the House of Representatives now propose
to have the adjournment to suit their conven-
ience in place of the convenience of a few Sen-
ators and Representatives along the Atlantic
coast.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I voted against this long adjournment; but this
amendment, as I understand it, is simply to
add two_ Fridays and Saturdays and Sundays
to the time we are to be in session. Those
days are hardly of enough value to the country
to induce us to refuse to concur in the time
that the House has fixed. I think that that
ought to have some consideration. I shall vote
against the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion being divided—
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw the call for
a division. Let us vote on the whole at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion then is on the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before I vote on this
amendment I should like to know how some
of those Senators who have opposed the res-
olution from the House and who have declared
themselves opposed to this amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin are going to vote. If
they are going to vote down both propositions
I shall be disposed to stand with him ; other-
wise I shall go with them and vote down this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You will ascertain when
the vote is taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am surprised when I
look around the Senate to see that I have got
to be one of the old Senators, and I thirk,
therefore, my remarks ought to be listened to
by some of the young gentlemen here, with the
respect that is due to experience. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, we never do anything during
the holidays. That is as settled as anything
in the traditions of the Senate. We can never
do anything during that period. When I first
came here, before my friend from Iowa had
ceased to be virtuous, and when he recom-
mended that we should remain over the holi-
days, we used to adjourn from Monday to
Thursday, and then from Thursday to Monday,
and on Thursday and on Monday four or five
Senators would come here to vote to adjourn.
There would be no quorum in attendance ; or
if perchance on some day there was a quo-
rum, something slipped through which never
would have been done if the watch-dogs of the
Treasury were here. Nothing is ever dono
during the holidays except, perchance some-
thing that ought not to be done. As has been
justly said by the Senator from New Jersey,
who I fear is going to vote against the resolu-
tion anyhow, this amendment, merely takes
from the time of adjournment two Fridays,
two Saturdays, and a Sunday, when of course
we should do nothing. There is no practical
difference between the original resolution and
the amendment, so far as the actual sessions
of the Senate are concerned and so far as the
business of the Senate is concerned.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I really think
that the junior members of this Senate are
under very great obligations to these old gen-
tlemen here for instructing them in their duties.
Mr. ANTHONY. They do not seem to take
it very kindly though.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not know but that some
of these days the light of the Senate may, in the
course of Providence, be lost by the departure
from among us of the honorable Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] and that we may all have
to join in singing those elegiac verses that
tell of a ''good old soul" who was dead and
would be seen no more. As it is not in order
to call names on this floor, I will not under-
take to repeat the first two lines of that old
song ; its memory is fresh with all of us. But,
sir, after the very amiable castigation which the
honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
has given to the Senator from Missouri, and
after all the instruction we have had this morn-
ing from gentlemen who have been here so
long, informing us that at this particular sea-
son of the year the Congress of the United
States becomes of no account whatever, and
that all tho virtuous purposes of the junior
members of the Senate cannot make it of any
account on the face of the earth during the
Christmas holidays, I feel constrained to
change my position on this subject, and vote
for the longest period of adjournment, that
the Senator from Iowa may go home to Iowa
and find himself invigorated, and that the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cam-
eron] may go home and gather his children
and grand-children, and great grand-children,
which I suppose he has, [laughter,] around him
at his fireside.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin.
The amendment was rejected.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the House resolu-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I voted against this res-
olution yesterday, and moved a reconsidera-
tion. When I did so I thought we could arrange
it to make the adjournment shorter than six-
teen days, but I find that these holidays come
at that particular period when, from all that is
said by Senators, it is impossible to do any-
thing unless they allow the full sixteen days.
I shall therefore change my vote.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 24, nays 19; as follows:
_ YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew. Cameron,
Cole, Conness, Crasin, Davis, Doolittlo, Drake,
