518
SUPPLEMENT TO
with ambiguous or unmeaning phrases. The
truth is, that instead of clearing up doubts, and
making that plain which, above all things,
should be plain, we often purposely obscure the
controverted point, and devolve its solution
upon the courts, or the President, if you please,
each of as hoping, no doubt, that the solution
will accord with his own wishes, and ready to
cavil if it does not. And so it was with this
act. The Senate repeatedly demanded that
Cabinet officers should be entirely excepted
from the general provisions of the act, thereby
leaving them subject to removal as under pre-
vious laws. The House insisted that they
should be put upon the same footing with other
officers; that they should riot be removed
except by consent of the Senate.
The compromise in the conference com-
mittee is contained in the proviso which
declares that Cabinet officers " shall hold their
offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been
appointed, and for one month thereafter, sub-
ject to removal by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate." To construe this law
according to its letter two things must be kept
iu mind—first, the President who appoints; j
and second, the term during which he appoints, j
In this case Mr. Lincoln is the President who j
appointed. Mr. Stanton was appointed in I
January, 1802, and hence "the term of the j
President" by whom Stanton was appointed !
terminated under the Constitution and laws 011 j
the 4th March. 1805. If the act had used the i
word "terms" instead of "term," I would j
readily assent that Mr. Stanton's case was in- 1
tended to be covered and protected by the act. j
But I cannot separate the act of appointment ;
from the one identical and single current term 1
of the President who made it. For instance,
if Mr. Lincoln had been living when the tenure-
of-office act passed, I cannot, doubt his power j
to have removed any officer appointed by him
during his previous term. This law surely was ,
not intended to prevent a President, should he
be elected to the Presidency a dozen times, I
from changing his Cabinet without tho consent j
of the Senate at the commencement or in tho
middle of eueh Administration; and if this j
position be conceded, it disposes of this case. I
If Mr. Lincoln could have removed, Mr. John-
son can also remove the same officers; and if
Mr. Johnson cannot remove, the officer suc-
ceeding him, in ease of Johnson's impeach-
ment and removal, cannot rid himself of tho
existing Cabinet, bccause it is still said to be
Mr. Lincoln's term.
[f the term which Johnson is now serving
out is Johnson's term and not Lincoln's, then
everybody admits that Stanton may be legally
removed, becausc lie can only hold "for and j
during the term of the President by whom ho
may have been appointed." It is only by
insisting that Lincoln's term does not cease
till March 4, 18G9, that Stanton is supposed
lor a moment to be protected. This position
leaves 110 term a{ all for Johnson, and if John-
son shall be removed by impeachment and
Wade shall take his place and serve as Presi-
dent till the 4th of March next, he, too, will
have no term, because Lincoln's term covers
the full period of his service. Now, there are
members of the present Cabinet serving who
were appointed by Mr. Johnson, to wit, Mr.
Browning and Mr. Randall. If these gentle-
men can serve as Cabinet ministers during the
term of the President appointing them and for
one month thereafter, will some Senator indi-
cate to me when Browning's and Randall's
terms expire? The law does not seem to con- }
template a ease of President without a term.
If Johnson lias no term, then Browning and
Randall either have no terms or their terms
last forever.
When Mr. Wade becomes President, he will
surely change his Cabinet. But Wade having
no presidential term, he being simply an ad !
interim President, filling out a part of Mr.
Lincoln's term, when will his Cabinet appoint-
ments go out of ofiice? The law declares that
they shall " hold during the term of the Presi-
dent by whom" they were appointed. They
were not appointed by Mr. Lincoln, for Lincoln
was dead when they came into the Cabinet,
and the dead have no terms. Hence, under
this construction they would not have to retire
at the end of a month from March 4, 1869.
I need not elaborate. This mere statement
will show the absurdity of the pretensions now
set np in reference to this law. We ourselves
never gave it such a construction until that un-
founded and extraordinary excitement sprang
up on the attempted removal of Mr. Stanton.
The Senate gave construction to this law when
it passed. 1 accepted that construction at the
time. It is according to the letter and the
spirit of the act. The Senate at all times pro-
tested against forcing on any President an
obnoxious or disagreeable Cabinet minister.
The House insisted on doing so. The bill then
went to a conference committee, and on that
committee, iu behalf of the Senate, were two
of our ablest lawyers, Messrs. Shkrjiax and
Williams. When the bill was reported from
this conference committee Mr. Howard and
Mr. Doohttlk called for an explanation of
this provision. Mr. Sherman gave it. He said :
" That this provision docs not apply to the present
case is shown by the fact that its language is so
framed as not to apply to tho present President.
Tho Senator shows that himself, and areues truly
that it could not prevent the present President from
removing the Secretary of War, tho Secretary of the
Navy, and the Secretory of State."
And again he said :
"If the President dies the Cabinet goes out. If
tho President is removed for cause by impeachment
tho Cabinet kocs out. At the expira.tion of tho term
of the President's otiico tho Cabinet goes out."
Mr. Howard expressed himself satisfied;
the Senate was satislied. Mr. Williams did
not take issue 011 construction, but acquiesced
by saying that—
"The effect of this proviso will amount to very little
one way or the other, for t presume that whenever
the President sees proper to rid himself of an offen-
sive or di^aarreoahifl (Li.hinet minister be will only
have to specify that desire, and tho minister wiil
retire and amew appointment be made."
Mr. IIowk, (he Senator from Wisconsin,
who had offered in the Senate the amendment
to include Cabinet officers, declared that he
was not satisfied with the bill, and clearly inti-
mated that the House amendment had been
abandoned ; and such is yet the opinion of that
distinguished Senator, and hence he cannot
convict for the removal of Stanton. It will be
rather a bad record now to convict the Presi-
dent of crime for taking the same view that we
ourselves took on the passage of the act. I
took that view of the law then, and have enter-
tained it ever since.
But we are told that the President claims in
his answer the power to have removed Stanton
under the Constitution and in defiance of law.
I am not trying him for his opinions. I am
called to pass judgment on what he has done,
not on what ho claims a right to do. We must
not convict men in this country for entertain-
ing false notions of politics, morals, or religion.
It is often difficult to determine who is right
and who is wrong. In moments of temporary
excitement and unfounded alarm whole masses
of people have rushed wildly to incorrect con-
clusions. The late rebellion shows how un-
reasonable, how insane and foolish, large and
overwhelming majorities may become. And
in this condition they are intolerant of moder-
ation, and even of common sense. From this
spring mobs, derision, jeers, insults, and per-
sonal violence. He who cannot resist these
things and proclaim the right at the risk of
personal sacrifice, cannot expect to promote
the great cause of truth, and such a man has
110 business whatever in this body.
When the President attempts to exercise an
alleged constitutional power against the law, I
will then judge of his crime. " Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." For the removal
of Stanton and the appointment of Thomas he
has undoubted authority under the laws of
Congress. I cannot convict him of crime,
either for doing something under the law which
I may not approve, or for simply entertaining
an opinion about the Constitution which was
entertained and acted on by Madison, Jeffer-
son, Adams, Jackson, and others as patriotic
and as wise and conscientious as ourselves.
But suppose I am wrong in my construction
of the law. Must I necessarily convict the
President of a wicked and corrupt intent in
doing just what nearly all our Presidents have
done under a claim of authority from the Con-
stitution itself? The President is a coordinate
department of the Government. He is elected
by the people and responsible to them as we
are. He is to execute the law. But an uncon-
stitutional law is no law at all. It never has
binding force. It is void from its inception.
Jefferson and Jackson, as Presidents, expressly
claimed the right to judge in the first instance
of the constitutionality of laws, and even so to
judge in the face of a decision of the Supreme
Court. If a President is bound to execute one
void act he is equally bound,to execute others.
Suppose that Congress should pass an act
depriving the citizen of the right of trial' by
jury, shall the President execute it? Sup-
pose Congi*ss shall declare that the President
shall grant no certificate of pardon without
consent of the Senate? The Constitution gives
him full and exclusive power " to grant par-
dons." If he, then, does what he and every-
body else knows he has a right to do, he may
under the law fall guilty of a high crime or
misdemeanor, but unless he violates the law,
and at some time issues a pardon, this outrage
on the Constitution must stand forever as a
valid law. Must the President, elected by the
people and for a shorter term than ourselves,
thus abdicate his authority as a part of the
Government and suffer this congressional usurp-
ation? If he does not violate such a law he
is himself perjured, for he is sworn to "pre-
serve, protect, and defend " not an invalid
law, but "the Constitution." I do not claim
that he may violate every law passed even for
thepurpose of procuringa judicial construction.^
1 do not say that he may in mere wanton-
ness violate or disregard any law. I only in-
sist that each case shall stand on its own merits.
If the President's purpose be criminal and cor-
rupt, he should be removed. If be honestly
intended only to procure what he says in this
case, to wit, a judicial construction of a doubt-
ful law, doubtful not only in its terms, but
doubtful in its constitutionality, what right
have we to pronounce him guilty of high
crime? Mr. Lincoln, without law and against
law, increased the regular Army and the Navv.
Instead of impeaching, we applauded him and
passed laws to justify and protect him. Why
did we do this? Because we looked" beyond
the act to the motive. We then declared it
proper to inquire into the animus, the inten-
tion of the President. I have thought it proper,
also, in this case to examine into the Presi-
dent's intentions. I am satisfied that all evi-
dence tending to explain his intention should
have gone before the court. Wo sit in the
capacity of a court and also a jury. As a
court we must hear all evidence; as a jury we
must consider that only which is competent
and relevant.
The Constitution, in making us the "sole"
judges of the law and the fact, presumes that
we are sufficiently intelligent to hear all tes-
timony offered, whether competent or incom-
petent, and to exclude from our minds that
which is improper. When the court and jury are
different persons it may be well to confine the
testimony going before the jury to that which
is clearly competent and relevant; but no such
rule applies to the court. It is the duty of the
judge to be informed of the nature and the
precise character of the testimony proposed
before he can determine the propriety of its
introduction. So in this case. An essential
element of guilt charged in these articles against
I the President is a wicked intent to violate the
j Constitution and the laws. He offered to show
j| that his constitutional advisers, his Cabinet
r ministers, counseled him to the course pur-
!| sued, and that the whole object, end, and
i[ aim of his action in the premises was to sub-
ii ject the law to the test of judicial examination.
