1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2b Ses
Report of the Acting Commissioner of Agriculture.
Ho. op Beps.
filled should be as nearly as possible the same
in each State; the duty of the officer should
be made imperative, and public opinion should
be brought to enforce the requirement. The
efficiency of these officers differs much in dif-
ferent States, but the returns of the States
most reliably and completely reported fall far
short of the figures of the United States cen-
sus of the same period. If those statistics
could be made equally and reasonably com-
plete and accurate in the several States, and
the returns should be promptly communicated
to this Department, the results might be of
exceeding interest and value.
Believing that a more direct and intimate
communication between this Department and
the people, through the medium of competent
representatives, would be conducive of good
results, securing cooperation in official labors,
comparing results of agricultural processes
under different circumstances, noting the pro-
gress of improvement at exhibitions or special
meetings, and communicating in lectures or
conversations the results of official investiga-
tions, I have taken occasion, to some extent,
thus to employ the services of heads of divis-
ions in observations having reference to the
greater efficiency of their several branches of
the Department, and for which they were espe-
cially qualified by specific and technical train-
ing. i am satisfied that good has resulted both
to the Department and to agriculture by this
representation.
I take the liberty to suggest that the com-
pensation fixed by law for the services of the
Jjead of this Departments entirely inadequate,
aud would recommend a liberal increase of the
salary of t.he Commissioner of Agriculture.
Believing that the time has arrived for provid-
ing suitable and appropriate residences for the
heads of the different Departments of the Gov-
ernment upon portions of the public reserva-
tions, I would recommend thata suitable house
be erected for the accommodation of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture, in the vicinity of the
Department buildings. The social position of
chief officers of a great nation, if properly
maintained, requires outlays greatly dispro-
portionate to the compensation now allowed
by law, and with the short periods of official
service and frequent changes incident to our
system of Government, no one can enjoy the
comforts of a home without great pecuniary
sacrifice.
THIl SHED DISTRIBUTION.
The distribution among the people of new
and valuable seeds and plants appears to be
one of the principal objects of Congress in the
annual appropriations to the Department. This
has become a most delicate and difficult duty,
for what is new in one country may not be
valuable or useful in another; the most valu-
able of seeds or plants may be in some sections
of our own country the most common varieties,
yet unknowu in other sections; and those
which would be of the utmost value in orie lat-
itude might be worthless in another. Expe-
rience has fully shown that a change of seeds
and plants from one section to another has
greatly improved the yield and quality. These
results can only be attained by repeated and
constant tests of the adaptation of the several
varieties to soil and climate. To introduce or
to distribute seed upon any other principle
would be useless. The charges occasionally
heard of the disti ibution of worthless and com-
mon seed are caflsed in many if not in all oases
by inexperience or neglect or want of skill in
their culture ; for the singular anomaly is often
presented by unfavorable reports from some
and the most favorable and flattering accounts
from others of the results of the same seeds in
the same locality. That seed may not occa-
sionally be mislabeled in the millions of papers
put up and annually distributed would be to
claim a marvelous exemption from mistakes.
New varieties are obtained whenever satisfac-
tory evidence has been adduced that they have
been properly tested ; and the people are now
enjoying the benefits of many new and valua-
ble products which have been introduced into
the country through the agency of this Depart-
ment. The crops of sorghum alone would
more than compensate for all the money ex-
pended by the Departmentfor seed.
The total distribution of seeds for the year
amounted to 1,42G,G87 papers. Of this num-
ber 352,000 were distributed through Senators
and members of the Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth
Congresses; 88,-l&2 through agricultural and
horticultural organizations; 161,953 to corps
of statistical correspondents, in acknowledg-
ment of valuable gratuitous services ; 200,975
to individuals upon letters of members of Con-
gress, or upon personal application, or in an-
swer to letters from individuals ; and 521.227
to the southern States, under the special appro-
priation for that purpose.
PIIOPAG tTIXG GARDES.
The distribution of plants from the exper-
imental and propagating gardens from Jan-
uary 1 to May (i, ]867, amounted to -12.12-J,
principally through Senators and members of
Congress, reaching every State and Territory
in the country. The articles have consisted
mainly of the smaller varieties of fruits, of
which the grape has been in large proportion.
The introduction of the best varieties qf this
valuable fruit, their adaptation to various cli-
mates, and for special purposes, has keen
prominently kept in view. The main purpose
of the garden, that of testing the respective
merits of new varieties, is still kept strictly in
view, and ail new varieties are procured as
early as practicable, and the knowledge gained
concerning them embodied in the Department
repoits.
The Department buildinghavingbeen located
upon the reservation now used as an experi-
mental farm, an arrangement of the grounds
in a manner more in keeping with the sur-
roundings and new improvements becomes not
only proper but necessary. As a farm it has
long been evident that the area is altogether
too limited for the requirements of the nation ;
seeds become intermixed, and the products
consequently are unreliable. Even with re-
gard to testing the merits of various products,
the limite.d space that can be afforded to each
is such as to render an accurate estimate
impossible. I would therefore suggest that
the reservation he devoted to the purpose of
forming an Arboretum Americanum, or grand
national arboretum, where the unequalcd
arboreal wealth of this country may be col-
lected and planted in accordance with a strict
botanical system, and at the same time exhibit
the highest degree of landscape effect. This
has long been a desideratum with scientific
men here as well as in foreign countries, and
its importance has very frequently been im-
pressed upon the Department. A specimen of
every tree aud shrub capable of existing in
the climate would here find its appropriate
place, forming a scientific school of instruction
to the botanical student and a valuable resort
to the artist and to all lovers of the beautiful
in nature. Plans for this important improve-
ment are now in course of preparation by Mr.
Saunders, the horticulturist of this Depart-
j ment. This disposition of the grounds will
bo hailed with satisfaction, and will be a work
| of time more than expense, calling for no
j alteration of present surface more than may
I be necessary in providing sufficient roads and
l walks for the inspection of the plants.
J THE EXPERIMENTAL FARM.
j At the experimental farm tests of seeds of
i cereals and garden vegetables, both foreign and
I domestic, have been successfully continued,
i though the area cultivated is quite too limited
for the best, results. Of the five hundred and
seventy-six varieties included in the experi-
ments forty-three were of winter wheat, sixty-
six of spring wheat, five of winter rye, sixteen
of spring rye, twenty-one of barley, twenty of
oats, ten of corn, twenty-nine of grass seedgj
three of sorghum, nine of sugar beets, thirty-
five of peas, thirty-six of potatoes, and twenty-
seven of melons. Many of these varieties, ajs
was expected, proved undesirable or unsuit-
able, while others succeeded well, warranting
good results in their introduction and cultiva-
tion. A statement of results in detail larill be
found in the report of the superintendent of the
farm.
The spring wheat was a failure, almost neces-
sarily, in this climate; it is proposed that tests
of this grain be made by individuals in the North
and jS'orthwest the coming season.
The winter wheat was prostrated by heavy
storms late in spring, and therefore attained
scarcely three fourths of the highest yield of
the previous year, yet a Tasmanian variety
produced atthe rate of thirty-seven bushels per
acre, weighing fifty-nine pounds. The Tappa-
hatmock yielded at the rate of twenty-eight
bushels, weighing sixty-five pounds.
The New Brunswick oats attained the best
results—thirty-six bushels, weighing thirty-nine
pounds.
The greatest yield of rye was at the rate of
forty-two bushels, weighing fifty-eight pounds.
Of the thirty-six varieties of potatoes, includ-
ing the most noted and popular of this country
and Europe, the results of last year are sub-
stantially repeated. Those standing highest
were the Goodrich, Orono, and Samaritan.
This season the Samaritan drops to sixth on
the list in point of productiveness, and the
first three are the Goodrich, Orono, and Cole-
brook seedling, yielding at the rate of about
three hundred bushels per acre.
THE CHEMICAL LABORATORY.
In the chemical laboratory of the Depart-
ment analyses and tests have been constantly
made to ascertain the value and utility of vari-
ous products, fertilizers, minerals, and fibers,
the benefits of which the country are 1 eaping.
Correspondence has been held and information
and advice given on making sugar from sor-
ghum. Attention has been given to a solution
of the question as to the extent of territory
of the united States in which the sugar beet
may bo grown for the manufacture of sugar,
and in what respects the climatic peculiarities
of the country, between 35° and 4.5° north
latitude, compare with the beet-growing dis-
tricts of northern Europe. An extended series
of examination has been made upon beets
grown on the experimental farm of the Depart -
ment, the results of which have not been tabu-
lated and compared. The work will soon be
completed, and the results will appear in the
report of the chemist. These analyses have
been made at different stages of growth, with
reference to the effect of fertilizers, and to as-
certaining the time at which the largest amount
and best quality of sugar may be obtained.
In view of the great success of the beet-sugar
manufacture in France and Germany and the
supply of a large portion of Europe with an
unexceptionable article of sugar, there is every
reason to anticipate an early conquest of all
the difficulties which confront the experiment
in this country. Already, at Chatsworth, Liv-
ingston county, Illinois, the business has been
introduced on an extended scale, with every
prospect of ultimate success.
STATISTICS.
The work of the division of statistics has
been various and laborious. A mass of ascer-
tained facts of foreign and domestic agricul-
ture, with approximate estimates of current
productions of the staples of the farm will he
found in the report of the statistician, con-
densed and systematized, with careful analyses
and explanatory illustrations and comments.
For several years the estimates of produc-
tion included only the northern States until
people had become familiarized with aggre-
gates representing the .production of only a
