1868.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
28T7
Answer. No.
Question. JIow did he eome to you, a stranger, to
talk to you about purchasing' Senators' votes?
An-i/cer. Because, 1 think, he had talked on the sub-
ject with another gentleman who, in the course of
the conversation, said he would consult me.
Question. Who was that other gentleman ?
Answer. Tne collector, Smythe; 1 think ^n that
conversation my name was mentioned, and in pass-
im? out of the custom-house, by the way, I advised
the collector—and I think the advice concurred with
his own view—not to have anything to do with the
pubioct: I met with this person passing out of the
custom-house, and he introduced him to me.
Question. When? .
Answer. I think three weeks ago,
Quesnon. llud the collcctortalked withyouhefore ?
A dsivrr. N 0.
Question. Did you ad\ise the collector not to have
anything to do with the subject before or after you
saw Adams?
A usicr. Both before and after.
Question. Did you introduce the subject to him—a
subject that you never had heard of?
Answer. I nave just stated that the collector told
mo of this convocation with General Adams.
Qu< it ion. Then the collector told you ?
Answer. Y
Question. What did he tell you?
Answer. That Adams proposed for a certain sum
of money to get the votes of certain Senators against
conviction.
Question. What Senators?
Answer. Of course I am under your direction. I
do not voluntarily introduce anybody's name. The
names mentioned to me were Senator , Senator
 , and I cannot with certainty indicate the other
names. f
Question.
Answer. I am not sure.
Question.  ?
Answer. Here I want to answer you ve y unequiv-
ocally. Inasmuch as voted again; t impeach-
ment, my mind ha^ been a good deal turned to that,
and T can say that I never heard his name mentioned
by anybody as one of the persons to bo influenced.
Question. Anybody else?
A/iiwcr. Yes. I understood arrangement was to
be made for four votes, but E cannot state positively
who except and .
By Mr. Wilson':
Question. Did you remember any reason being
stated why but four votes wore to be provided for in
that way ?
Answer. No. I do not remember that there was
any reason. I had no faith in it; I advised against it.
By Mr. Butler:
Question. Was it made apparently in good faith to
you?
Amwer. I made the conversation with Mr. Adams
rather a brief one.
Question. I speak of the conversation with Smythe?
An-iwer. Smythe told me what Adams had said.
Qut^tion. Was Smythe apparently in earnest about
. •
Answer. Smythe was asking ray advice in regard
to the decree of confidence to be placed in this man
Adams. I said I did not know him. I did not like
the looks of it in any way, and thought not best to
have anything to do with it.
By Mr. Wilson: X
Question. Do you know who this man Is? /y
Answer. It'General Butler had notm^demeJiesi-
tate about it I should have said he was a man ni our
Army, originally Irom the county of OnonH^ga. I
got that impression. I know that I believed that he
was a man in the Union Army, and formerly from
the county of Onondaga.
By Mr. Butler :
Question. That was about three weeks ago?
iifiwr.
Question. Who was the next man that talked with
you about purchasing votes?
Answer. The subjeotwahoften talked about in New
York.
Question. By whom to you?
Answer. 1 suppose, to answer your question in the
spirit it was put, the next conversation I had was
with Webster, Wooiley, andShook. They came to my
room at the Astor House.
Question. When?
Aatwer. I think a week after Adams was there.
Question. Shook. Wooiley, and Webster?
Answer. Yes, sir! and my impression is, though I
am not very confident, that that was the first time 1
ever saw Wooiley.
Question. What was there said about it?
Answer. Substantially what Adams said. It was
said that there was a proposition made for votes and
for money.
Question. What sum was mentioned? #
Answer. Thirty thousand dollars, I think.
Question. For one vote or more?
Ansiocr. For three votes. But three names were
mentioned that I remember.
Question. Who were they?
Answer. ■■■ —, —, and ———,
Question. That wis about a week after the first;
about two wrecks ago?
Answer. Yes, .1 think so.
Question. Cannot you fix the date any nearer ?
Answer. I cannot.
Question. Was Hastings in the matter then?
Answer. No, sir: Hastings had not been spoken of
then.
Question. Who fust spoke to you of Hastings?
A inner. The telegram to me.
Question. Did you speak of Hastings then?
Antwer. After I got the telegram.
Question, flow did you undei stand a telegram from
-No. 162.
| Webster, "He will do it"—'Hastings never having
| been spoken of? "Tell Hastings to come right away."
j How did you understand it to relate to impeachment
j unless Hastings had been previously spoken oi?
| Answer. Because the subject had been previously
j spoken of at my room by these three gentlemen,
i Question. Now, did not you understand that "he"
| referred to some party whose vote was to be pur-
chased?
| Answer. I had no distinct understanding at all.
i It was an enigma to me: and I do not know that I
j tried to understand it. I had forgotten that there
! was any such telegram. I know that the telegram,
' whatever it was, referred to the subject of impeach-
ment.
Questfon. Then, in accordance with the request of
this party, Webster, you didsendfor Hastings "right
away?''
Answer, I telegraphed to Hastings, saying he was
wanted at Washington.
Question. And you telegraphed knowing he was
wanted to aid in purchasing votes?
Answer. Is that quite fair ?
Question. I think so.
Awiwer. Then I answer distinctly that I do not
know that he was wanted for any purpose except re-
lating to impeachment, and it did not occur to me
what he was wanted for.
Question. Then he came to New York and hesitated
about going. I want to repeat it, so that .you may
understand exactly what I am asking you. You
have testified that one Adams called on you, or met
you, about purchasing voles; thatwhonSmythecon-
sulted with you about purchasing votes, that ■
Witness. Iain sorry to interrupt you, General But-
ler, but you do not state the Question fairly. 1 did
not say that Smythe spoke to me about purchasing
votes. I told you he repeated to me what had been
said to him, and asked me what 1 thought of the
matter.
Mr. Butler. I want to treat you with perfect per-
sonal respect, and I want to get exactly all that there
is in your mind; and as you have already told us that
you had forgotten some of the telegrams, and as you
have alreadjrsaid that you did not know the purport
of certain matters in those telegrams, I have en-
deavored, and purpose still to endeavor, to bring the
train of circumstances to your mind so as to see if,
upon the whole, your own mind does not go back to
the conclusion as to what these telegrams moan.
Therefore I am putting those questions in this form.
Witness. Excuse me for saying to you here, I am
glad to receive yourexplanation. J think there can be
no need of misunderstanding where frankness is de-
sired. I have no desire to conceal anything; nor do
I desire to be embarrassed by any of the technicali-
ties which may be always resorted to by a long cross-
examination, which my health does not permit.
Nevertheless, you shall have a frank answer to every
question.
Question. Now, then, the question 1 propose to put
to you is tins: Some three weeks ago you bad some
conversation with a man by the name of Adams upon
the subject of purchasing votes. Either just before
or after it Mr. Smythe also had spoken to you on the
subject, and repeated what Mr. Adams had said to
him.
Answer. All that occurred within an hour on the
same day.
Question. About a week after Shook, E. D. Web-
ster, and Wooiley, whom you did not know, called at
your room and had a further conversation on the
same subject. Up to that time Mr. Hugh Hastings'
name had not been mentioned. Then on the 6th of
May, which would be about two weeks ago, Mr.
Webster telegraphed to you, "He will do it; tele-
graph Hugh Hastings to come here right away."
You further said that you did telegraph Hastings to
come to Washington, and he did come; and that you
understood that hewas to come relating toimpeaoh-
ment. Now, what I want to call your attention to
and to ask you to reply is, did you not understand
and believe, when you received this telegram from
Webster, that Hastings was to go to Washington upon
the same subject which Webster had consulted you
upon in your room in the Astor IIouso"?
Answer. Yes, sir; I supposed it was on the same
subject.
Question. Did Hastings make any report when he
came back ro you ?
Answer. Yes ; he told me he had been in Washing-
ton.
Question. Excuse me. 1 do not ask what the report
was.
Answer. If you ask me literally if he reported to
me when he came back, I say no.
Question. Did he see you atter he came back?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Did he make any statement upon his
visit to Washington ?
Answer. Yes.
Question. How soon did he return ?
Answer. My impression is, in about two days. I
am not quite jsure.
Question. Within three days?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Having returned within three days I now
find a telegram on the 13th for you to come yourself :
or to send Shook, who was one of the party who were i!
in your room. Youunderstoodthatyouwero wanted i|
to come on this same business? j:
Answer. I did. ij
Question. But if you could not come you under- \\
stood that Shook was wanted on this same business? i;
Answer. Yes. j1
Question. And that it was important "that either j'
he or you bhould come?"
Answer. It was so expressed in tho telegram.
Question, And you thought it at least so important :
that you sent him, did you not V
'Awiwer. No, *ir. He did ao, but Idid not send him. '
Question. Did you not go to him and tell him to
come ?
Answer. No. I think he came to me and asked me
about it, and I told him 1 should not so
By Mr. Wilson :
Question. Did you inform him about the contents
of the telegram:
Answer. I think it was to him.
By Mr. Butler:
Question. No, sir. It was "To Thurlow Weed
Twelfth street and Fifth avenue, New York city. It1
you cannot come over send Shoridan Shook. Im-
portant. S. S. Cox."
Answer. My impression was it was to Shook. I
showed him tho telegram and told him lcouid not
or should not come, and ho doubted first whether he
would, but finally did.
Question. And remained here how long? Do you
know?
; Answer. I cannot say, but my impression is not
i more than a day or two.
| It will thus be seen that Wooiley was in New York
; with Webster and Shook proposing to-Thurlow Weed
! a corruptschemc to buy the votes of certain Senators,
i a proposition which Mr. Weed declined, giving no
} reason for so doing except that he did think the en-
j terprisea feasible one. Byhis testimony he does not
1 show a word of discouragement to the parties in the
| business, because of its corruption and dishonesty,
1 but only declines to take part in it (so far as appears)
: because ho doubtswhether it can be made a success;
! but, as he testifies, iniorms the party if it were fea&i-
I ble funds could easily be raised to carry it out.
1 Woolleythen leavesNew York and comes toWash-
j ington, apparently to see if the enterprise could be
j made a success, and of that success we have some
I evidence to which we will hereafter advert. Befoie
doing so, however, it will be instructive to see what
facilities he had of reaching the friends ol the Pres-
ident, and how far he enjoyed their confidence. lie
opens parlor No. 8, at Willard's Hotel, at which
room Mr. S. S. Cox testifies he met one or more of
the counsel of the President, and going from thence
to the Senate Chamber he was directed to telegraph
the result of the vote to Wooiley and company, room
No. 6, which direction he obeyed, he himself riding
up to the Capitol with Mr. Evarts on that occasion.
Wooiley gives at Welker's very lavish entertain-
ments, " throwing his money right and left," as ho
testifies, in so much that he attempts to account for
an expenditure of more than thiee thousand dollars
from tho l()th to the 17th of May in this way. His
room is frequented by Major PerrvFuller, contractor
of the Indian Bureau; Ralph W.Newton, a New
York gold broker; J. B. Craig, attorney-at-law. New
York city. Samuel Ward, a gold speculator m Wash-
ington, who testifies before your committee that ho
infers from convocations with the Secretary of the
Treasury when he intends to vol 1 gold, and there-
upon telegraphs to his associates in New York, as
follows:
May IB, 18G8,
Potter will be quiet all thi« week. Advocate my
cause. Measure low enough.
PRKSCOTT.
Charlks IE. Ward, 01 Wall street, yeic York.
Which being interpreted, as he testifies, should be
read:
May 13, 1808.
McCulloch will not sell gold all this week. Buy
mo £50,000. Gold is low enough.
SAM WARD.
Cii^rles IT. Ward, 54 Wull street, JVcw York.
Colonel Edmund Cooper, the President's late Pri-
vate Secretary, and now First Assistanfc^Seeretaiy of
tne Treasury ad interim; Mr. Sheridan Shook, a New
Yojk collector of internal revenue; Washington
McLean, editor of tho Cincinnati Enquirer: S. G.
Cox, minister nominated to Austria; H. A. Smythe,
collector oi customs New York; E. 1). Webster,
tho aforementurned friend of Thurlow Weed and oi
Secretary Sewaid; 11. L. Hastmes, editoi of the
Knickerbocker of Albany, and now lyigaged on the
Commeicial Advertiser with Thurlow 'Weed; J. i .
Tweed, a banker of Wall street, New York; General
Hancock, of the United States Army; J. S. G.Burt, a,
leadingspeculatornow or lately of Cincinnati, Ohio;
Judge Dunlevy, attorney to the "whisky ring;" and
to these must be added W. S. Groesbeek, e>q„ and
William M. Kvarts, cs>q., of the counsel for the Pres-
ident.
To show the degree of intimacy existing between
Wooiley and the paities above named the committee
have only to refer to the telegrams that have passed
between >ereral of them and Woolley, and the testi-
mony of Woojlcy himself of the parties who dined
together at Weiker's on the Friday evening before
the vote.
Question. Give the names of the other gentlemen
at that dinner.
Anvuvr. General William Preston, S. S. Cox, W.
M. Erarts, W. S. Groesbeek, Colonel McDonalad of
Maine, I think Colonel Cooper, the Piivate Secrc-
taiy that was. myselt, Sam Ward, and Craig.
Wooiley further testifies that he had been able to
command the appointment ox an internal revenue
assessor for the distiict of Cincinnati from tho Presi-
dent.
With these relations and associations, coming to
Washington with the corrupt purposes which he
avowed at Mr, Weed's room at the Astor House, of
procuring the Presidents acquittal, and for the pur-
p JJ-C, al-u, of controlling the settlement of wln>ky
seizures, and also to aid the nomination of Mr. Pen-
dleton, as he OVoolley) swears, both \vhirh hist-
mentioned purpo>es would be lar&eiy promoted ii he
could compass ihetiist by purchase, bribery, or other-
wise.
\Vt  find the first evidence of his -nicce?- iu a tele.
40'nr Cow. 2d Sims.-
