THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
This advice, he alleges, was a part of the res
gestce and the foundation on which his conduct
was based. Even Mr. Stanton had concurred
with the other members of the Cabinet that this
very law, the tenure-of-office act, was uncon-
stitutional and invalid. If so, it was an in-
fringement of the President's constitutional
powers, and the least he could do, it seems,
was to submit the differences between himself
and Congress to that tribunal which was erected
to settle such differences, and to the judgments
of which we must all submit if we would avoid
anarchy and civil war.
Whether the President's intentions were as
pacific and innocent as he alleges them to have
been, I do not pretend to say. I only insist
that competent evidence, such as this, going to
explain the character of his intentions, should
not have been rejected by the court. It should
have been received and properly weighed.
Even in a civil suit for damages in a case of
false imprisonment the advice of hired attor-
neys is competent to show a want of malice or
corrupt intention in instigating the prosecution.
Why should ihe President, however wicked or
corrupt lie maybe, in a great criminal proceed-
ing, where the presumptions of law must favor
his innocence, be deprived of this just and rea-
sonable rule? If he cannot change his Cabinet
without our consent, then we are more or less
responsible for the advice given him by the
Cabinet. We propose to force a Cabinet on
him against his will and compel him to be gov-
erned by their advice or take the responsibility
of rejecting it. If he disregards this advice he
should be punished, I presume, for obstinacy
and dangerous purposes of usurpation. If he
take their advice he is not permitted to show
this fact in order to negative the inference of
willful, wicked, and corrupt intentions.
A verdict of guilty on these articles, after
the exclusion of this testimony, would fail to
command the respect and approval of an
enlightened public judgment.
In addition to what I have said, permit me
to add one other reason why no conviction can
be had on the articles connected with the re-
moval of Stanton and the appointment of
Thomas. It is not alleged in any of them that
Stanton is actually removed, nor that Thomas
is actually assigned to duty. And if it were so
charged, the evidence is wholly insufficient to
support it. The evidence shows that Stanton
is yet in the office discharging its duties, and
that Thomas is yet a private citizen. He asked
for the office, but Stanton refused to yield it.
Stanton remained in and Thomas has remained
out. This is the theory of the prosecution.
Then what is the offense? Not that a removal
has been made, nor that an appointment ad
interim has been effected. The worst phase of
the matter is that the President has attempted
to do these things and failed. This attempt is
not a high crime or misdemeanor for two rea-
sons : first, he had full power under the laws
of Congress to remove and appoint as he tried
to do; and second, if he had no such power,
the attempt thus to exercise it is not by statute
law nor by common law nor by common sense
a high crime or misdemeanor.
This, in my judgment, disposes of the first
eight articles. I know that in the fourth, fifth,
sixth, and seventh articles there is an allega-
tion of conspiracy by the President with Gen-
eral Thomas to seize and possess the War
Department.
In the first place, there is not a particle of
testimony proving a prior agreement, much
less a conspiracy between these parties.
Second, a conspiracy to be unlawful must con-
template an unlawful act, or a lawful act by
unlawful means. The objects designed by the
President—the removal of Stanton and the
appointment of Thomas ad interim—were
lawful acts, and hence any conspiracy based ]
on these facts must fall. And no unprejudiced \
man can say that the proof shows any purpose
on the part of the President to use force in the j
removal of Mr. Stanton. The evidence through-
out disproves any such charge. The ninth article I
failsfo chargeany offense whatever. Italleges I
that the President declared to General Emory
that in his opinion a certain law, passed in
1807, taking away some of his prerogatives as
Commander-in-Chief, is an unconstitutional
law. A great many people beside the Presi-
dent entertain the same opinion. The right
of private judgment has been punished in some
countries, and some even have suffered in the
United States for this alleged offense, but the
precedents are very bad, and should not be
followed. He who follows them far in this
country will follow them to his own destruc-
tion.
It is not charged that the President violated
this law, although he thought it unconstitu-
tional. But it is said that he expressed this
simple opinion to Emory "to induce said
Emory, in his official capacity as commander
of the department of Washington, to violate
the provisions of said act,'' &c. It is not pre-
tended that Emory was influenced by the Pres-
ident's opinions. The President gave him no
order to violate it, nor did he insinuate that he
would like to have him do so.
And had he so ordered, 1 presume that Emory
would not have gratified him by obedience, for
he seems to have had a different opinion, and
maintained it with great zeal and confidence
against his Commander-in-Chief.
The truth is that after theunfortunate misun-
derstanding between the President and General
Grant, and after the proceeding in reference to
the removal of Stanton, the President learned
through the Secretary of the Navy that some
extraordinary movements of military officers
in the District were being made, to be followed
in all probability by some unauthorized and
dangerous disposition of troops. To show that
the President contemplated no violence in the
premises, it is sufficient to say that when he
removed Stanton he had not seen Emory, and
knew that General Grant was inimical to him.
He seems no t to have known a word about troops
in the District. He did not know how many were
here or what troops they were. He had not
consulted a single officer, and seems not to have
known but that all the troops had been sent
away or others brought in. Being informed
of these movements, and no doubt fearing that
he himself might be violently seized by mili-
tary power and dragged from the Executive
Mansion, he sent for the commander of the
District to ascertain what was going on. The
interview resulted in a conversation clearly
indicating the fears of the President, and on
these fears is based thisarticle of impeachment.
It will not likely receive a respectable vote, and
I dismiss it for the consideration of those who
find in it more than I have found.
The tenth article arraigns the President for
making grossly abusive and indecent speeches
for the purpose "of setting aside the rightful
authority and powers of Congress," and to
bring Congress into "disgrace, ridicule, hatred,
contempt, and reproach.'' After setting out
the language of some of the speeches in the
form of specifications, the article concludes as
follows, to wit:
"Which said utterance?, declarations, threats, and
harangues, highly oensurable m any. are peculia"ly
indecent and unbecoming in the Chief Magistrate
of the United Plate?, by means whereof said Andrew
John?on has brought the highoffice.of thePtesidcnt
of the United States into contempt, ridicule, and
disgrace, to the great scandal of all good citizens,
whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, did commit, and was then and there guilty
of a high misdemeanor in office."
In my judgment these speeches are highly
censurable. They were, perhaps, made to bring
contempt and ridicule on Congress as charged, i
but if so made they failed of their object. In-
deed, it is specifically charged that they failed.
It is alleged that the President intended to dis-
grace Congress, but succeeded only in dis-
gracing "the office of President." Whatever
else may be said of the President's intentions,
or the result of his conduct on the occasions I
alluded, it may be perhaps safely assumed that j
he succeeded in bringing ridicule and con- j
tempt, if not disgrace, upon himself. Con- ,
gress survived the attack. Indeed, the speeches j
greatly assisted the friends of Congress in carry- i
ing the election which immediately followed.
If this be a political or partisan triq.1 we should
thank the President for these disgraceful
harangues, for in a party point of view he
and his policy were greatly damaged by them.
I am inclined to think that the office of Presi-
dent suffered more than Congress. But that
office will survive the humiliation of these
They are not official papers. They did not
emanate from Mr. Johnson as President, but
from Mr. Johnson as a stump speaker. . In his
latter capacity he forgot the dignity of his office.
In fact he seems to have left the office behind
him, and turned himself loose, as a private
citizen, to bandy epithets with that great
people from whom he had sprung and with
whom he longed for a short revel even before
the expiration of his term.
I perceive much for criticism, and, indeed,
for censure, in these speeches, but I cannot for
a moment think they contain the elements- of
crime for which the President may rightfully
be impeached.
The Constitution provides that Congress
"shall make no law abridging the freedom of
speech or of the press." The President, like
other persons, is protected under this clauso.
He, too, has the right to make foolish speeches.
I do not now say that there is no limit to the
enjoyment of this right, or that it might not be
so much abused by a President as to demand
his impeachment and removalfrom office. But
in this case the offense is certainly not of
so heinous a character as to demand punish-
ment in the absence of a law defining the right
and providing specific penalties, and also in
the face of a constitutional provision declaring
that the freedom of speech cannot be abridged
by law.
I have examined these ten articles as though
the offenses were formally and .sufficiently
charged. I have taken no technical exception,
but have considered the indictment as good on
its face. I look more to substance than to
form in this proceeding. No rules of plead-
ing are prescribed for our government, and if
I could find an offense charged, however inarti-
ficially presented, I should deem it my duty
to disregard the mere defects of form. But
we cannot go outside of the charges presented.
If one offense is charged we cannot convict of
another. If the President corruptly pardoned
a convicted criminal, we cannot pronounce him
guilty of that act on an indictment for remov-
ing Stanton. If he usurped power in appoint-
ing military governors in the southern States,
and violated all law in ordering them paid for
their services- from the public funds, we can-
not pronounce him guilty thereof on a present-
ment charging that he made a maudlin or dis-
graceful speech at St. Louis.
If 1 were disposed to criticise severely the
emptiness and insufficiency of these articles, I
might refer to the language of Hon. Thad-
deus Stevens, in the House of Representatives,
on the 3d day of March last, after they had been
adopted, and at the time whenbe offered for the
consideration of that body the eleventh article.
Referring to these ten articles, he said, (advo-
cating the eleventh article:)
" X will, therefore, read it and call it one and a
half, as, in my judgment, it is the gist and vital por-
tion of this whole prosecution. 1 wish this to be
particularly noticed, for X intend to offer it as an
amendment. I wish gentlemen to examine and see
that this charge is nowhere contained in any of the
articles reported, and unless it be inserted there can
be no trial upon it; and if there be shrewd lawyers,
as I know there will be, and caviling judges, and,
without this article, they do not acquit him, they are
greener than X was in any case lever undertook
before the court of quarter sessions."
I'now come to the eleventh article. It is
the only one upon which I have ever entertained
serious doubts, and I will therefore set it out
in full. It is as follows:
Art. 11. That said Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, unmindful of the high duties of
his office, and of his oath of office, and in disregard
of the Constitution and laws of the United States,
did heretofore, to wit. on the 18th day of August, A,
I). 1866, at the city of Washington, and the District
of Columbia, by public >peech, declare and affirm, in
substanoe, that the Thirty-N inth Congress of the Uni-
