2578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
gram of tho 6th of May to Sheridan Shook, signed
Hooker, as follows:
"My business is adjusted. Place ten to my credit
to-day with Giliiss, Harney & Co., $0.24 Broad street.
Answer."
That this telegram was not about an honest busi-
ness transaction is sure from the cipher and from the
fact that Sheiidan Shook denies any knowledge of
what it means. Although headmits that hereeeived
it from Woolley, Shook further denies that he placed
any money to Woolley's credit at Giliiss, Harney & Co.,
as the telegram directed, yet tho committee find, from
the testimony of Woolley himself, as well as from other
tacts, that $10,000 were placed to his credit with that
banking house in New xork, against which he drew
and received the $10,000, in ten bills of SI,000 each,
from the First National Bank of this city in a day or
two after the telegram.
As showing that this was done by Shook according
to the telegram, wc find that E. D. Webster, his
associate, dispatched a telegram the same night irom
Williard's to Shook, saying, M All right;" i. e., your
answer has been received. Contemporary with the
procurement of this money by Woolley we find the
dispatches heretotore recited, of the 7th of May, from
Woolley to Weed, asking, "When will the Albany
party be on hand for business?" It will also be
observed that the word " business" is the same word
which Thurlow Weedsweais means "procuringvotes
for acquittal by purchase," and is the same word
"business" "Woolley uses when he telegraphs to
Shook " My business is adjusted, place ten to my
credit."
Again, showing impatient haste," Hooker," (Wool-
ley,) Hastings not coming, sends a telegram to Sheri-
dan Shook on the 8th, "Go to the Astor House aud
get from our friend an answer to my dispatch of
yesterday."
On the same day, the 8th, E. D. Webster telegraphs
to S. Shook, "See W." (i. <?., Weed) " immediately,
and ascertain if that letter has been delivered ; if
not, have it done at once."
Weed does not tell us what was in that letter. lie
testifies in this connection that ho telegraphed to
Albany to Hugh S. Hastings, and sent him to Wash-
ington on the business that was conversed about by
Woolley, Shook, and Webster at the Astor, t. e., pur-
chasing the votes of Senators. The course of the
cars brought Hastings to Washington on the 10th of
May. The effect ol Hastings's appearance here on
that day is shown by the telegram of Woolley to his
friend J. S. G. Burt, May 11. "President's stock
above pars" and again, to 1). W. Ives, New York,
"Impeachment gone higher than a kite." But on
the 12th "Hooker" (Woolley)tclegraphs to Sheridan
Shook, " The five should be had, may be absolutely
necessary." On the same day Woolley drew $5,000
more on Giliiss, Harney & Co.,through theFirstNa-
tional Bank, Washington, which was duly honored
by Giliiss, Harney & Co. in New York. It is not diffi-
cult to see who placed the money there for Woolley
or divine the purpose for which it was so placed.
That this was not for an honest business is shown by
the cipher, and Woolley declines to explain it in his
testimony, although itiefers to "thefive which must
be had;" and Shook denies he knows what the tele-
gram means, although he admits he received it.
These sums of $10,0o0, $5,000, and the $5,000 drawn
on Cincinnati and paid there for Woolley the same
12th of May. as evidenced by the following telegram:
"Hamilton, Ohio, May 12.
" To Woolley from P. S. Clinch :
"I paid your draft. How is Andy? Got home this
morning," makes the $^0,000 that Woolley wanted lor
his purpose, and the same he has refused to account
for, or rather has accounted for in four different,
ways, each of which account is false:
1. By saying he had expended it in his own private
business.
2. That he had paid itout in hisclients' business.
3. That he had sent it to his client in Cincinnati by
a check on a bank there, forgetting that sending his
own check on a bank in Ohio would not get ten one
thousand dollar bills out of his pocket m Washing-
ton.
4. That he had given between sixteen and seven-
teen thousand dollars of this money to Sheridan
bhook to keep, which Sheridan Shook denies upon
oath, and Woolley now refuses to testify to your com-
mittee what he has done with it, and it is one of the
objects of this report to have him brought to the bar
of this House and forced to disclose.
Meanwhile there seems to have been a little diffi-
culty which Woolley could not arrange or Hastings
make smooth, and which required the masterhand
pflhurlow Weed or that of his scarcely less able or
less skillful lieutenant, Sheridan Shook, to adjust.
It will be remembered that opinions were deliv-
ered m the Senate on the 11th by some Senators;
that on the 12th it was public rumor that a Senator
or henators would resign or vote for the eleventh
article. Something—whether it was that rumor or
what—disturbed theassociates of Weed's room at the
Astor House. It would not be well for the commit-
tee at present to disclose what evidence they may
have affecting other parties; but that something had
happened which interfered with their calculations
on that day is most certain, because Mr. J. B, Craig
telegraphs from New York on the 12th of May in
answer to an inquiry from Samuel Ward, "I leave at
seven thirty; will see you early." He arrived here,
of course, on the morning of thel3th, and telegraphed
on the same day, as he swears (by direction ofwool-
ley) to Sheridan Shook, "Come on by first train, i
Very important." i
What was it that was so important, that the thirdor j
fourth member of the Astor House Association for the i
purchase of votes should be there to attend to it? !
Lest that telegram shouldnot find Shook at the Fifth ]
Avenue Hotel, op the same day and hour Craig tel- i
ographed to Shook, by order of Woolley, "You must
come here and untangle a snarl between friends at
onee." What "snarl" had happened "between
.fiieuds" Craig swears he does not know. Shook
swears he does not; and although he came in obedi-
ence to the telegram, he never inquired or was told
after he got here what this important "snarl" was.
Sheridan Shook did come, but not until S. S. Cox
had telegraphed by direction of Woolley, to Thurlow
Weed, but, as Cox swears, without knowledge of its
import. "If you cannot come over send Sheridan
Shook. Important." This telegram, Thurlow Weed
testifies, related to the subject of impeachment as
talked overin his room at the Astor Ilou>e; and as he
could not come Shook did come by the morning train
of the loth, so the "snarl," whatever it was, was about
purchasing the votes of Senators. Shook's deputy,
Shafer, telegraphed to Craig, at 11.42 a.m. of tho 1-ith,
that Shook would leave New Yoik to-morrow morn-
ing. Hastings,in themeantnne, had returned fo New
York; and thematter for which Weed and Shook were
wanted seems not to have been fully arranged until
after Shook got to Washington? the "snarl between
fiieuds entangled," because Wash. McLean, on the
13th, telegiaphed to Woolley this inquiry: ** Will
Johnson be deposed? When will you be here?"
Instead of replying to him with the assurance of cer-
tainty he had used to some of his friends on the 14th,
Woolley does not seem to have that confidence " that
impeachment had gone higherthan a kite," and that
certainty which he had expressed before the "snarl "
took place, but in unswei telegraphed as follows,
under date of the 14th May, to Wash. McLean, New
York: "Johnson stock at par; managers examining
witnesses as to corruption of Senators. Hendricks,
Van Winkle, Willey, Trumbull, Johnson met
at Ohiise's house last night to form a new party. Wo
have them demoralized and bitter. Do not leave New
York until I see you; say by Sunday ceitainly."
It would seem, therefore, that at this time the
Astor House Association wore rather relying upon
the political situation in aid of their efforts, as Web-
ster telegraphed to Thurlow Weed on the 13th as fol-
lows: " The acquittal of tho President is a fixed tact.
Already elimination and recrimination is indulged
in between the impeachment leaders, and Forney
has been compelled to resign. The present plan of
the impeacheis is to adjourn again on Saturday
without taking a vote." Thus it is seen with what
care Mr. Weed was privately kept informed upon
the subject of impeachment, and how scrupulou-ly
he watched every varying phase of the trial. But
Sheridan Shook, his associate, who had been sent tor
by three different telegrams, 'Important. Come by
next train,' to untangle the snarl between friends
"who was to take the place of Thurlow Weed;" who
was to " be sure to come or send Shook, Important."
did arrive on the night of the 15th.
Weed, as will be seen by his testimony, expressly
swears this telegram to send S. Shook related to the
matter talked over at his room at the Astor House,
i. e., how Senators' votes might bo purchased to
secure acquittal.
Sheridan Shook, on the contrary, testifies to your
committee that he did not. know to what subject ail
these telegrams referred, although, after an interview
with Weed, he obeyed them and came; and that when
he arrived here no business was stated to him, that
no entanglement was shown him, and he did not
even incju.re why he should have come, or why he
had been sent lor, or what was the important busi-
ness he was expected to do, now he was here, and
the only ostensible errand he disclosed to the com-
mittee was to bring two hundred Regalia cigars for
which Woolley had telegraphed him on the 14th,
If, in the light of the evidence above reported and
telegraphed information disclosed, any member of
the House believes this statement of Shook, "him
have your committee offended" by asking that
Woolley he brought to the bar for contempt of its
authority and his interference with the course of
public justice.
Whatever entanglement or difficulty might have
existed before the coming ot Shook, or doubts upon
the minds of the associates as to the President's ac-
quittal, they all vanished during the night after his
arrival, for long before tho time when the friends
of the Union had any knowledge upon the subject,
while the whole country wa* waiting in breathless
anxiety for the verdict of the Senate, where the dread
award of guilt or innocence was actually trembling
in the balance, the very judgment itself, nay, the
very number of votes and the men who would east
them, were known to the members of this corrupt
association and their confederates. Of this no other
evidence is wanting but a single controlling fact.
H. S. Hastings, " the Albany party who was ready
for business," and had come on at tho solicitation of
Woolley, sent through Weed, was anxiously waiting
at the place of business of Shook, the office of the
collector of internal revenue, thirty-second district,
New York, 83 Cedar street, to learn what had been
the effect of the machinations of Sheridan Shook,
whose office he was keeping during Shook's absence,
at the telegraphic request of Woolley, enforced by
the command of Weed. Listen to the magnificent
diapason of triumph with which Woolley announces
to Hastings the assured success of the association
under the able lead of Shook by telegram sent from
Washington at nine o'clock and thirty-five minutes
on the morning of the 16th May, lour hours before
the vote could be token, and announced in the Sen-
ate: "H. S. Hastings, care Sheridan Shook, 83
Cedar street, New York. We have beat the Meth-
odist Episcopal Church North, Hell, George Wilkes
and impeachment. It is believed a vote will be had
to-day. I doubt it."
Again, so assured was Woolley that his work was
weli done, and that there was nothing more for him
to do in Washington, that at eight a. m. of the same
morning (the 16th) he telegraphs his friend, J. S. C.
Burt, New York, " Where's Wash. ? I will dine
with Hancock to-night, or be at Filth AvenueSunday
morning. Andy aU right."
In view of all this evidence the committee hare
reported the accompanying resolve. They have for-
borne to state any other evidence which thry have
taken, confining themselves to th it which seemed to
affcct and cluster around Woolley in this report, be-
cause his case is alone the present subject ot inquiry
before the House. There is other and most import-
ant evidence bearing upon the subject of attempted
interference with the course of public justice in this
greatest of all trials, the nature and extent of which
the committee do notdeem it proper or just ev. n to
indicate until their final report shall be made, lest
they might do injustice and the indication of the
evidence might cause the avoidance of the witnesses,
more than one of whom they have not yet been able
to reach by the summons of the House.
The committee are of opinion that not only this
but all other investigations by the House in the future
depend for their efficiency upon the action of tho
;i House in this ease. If Woolley can thus defy by
! evasion and false swearing thesolenm investigations
j of the House of Representatives in matters of the
! very highest concernment, it is difficult to see how
i the House can ever hereafter hope with any success
j to investigate, detect, and provide against any other
• attempted corruption in governmental affairs.
| By the committee:
I BENJAMIN F. BUTLER.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Charles W. Woolley, a witnesshere-
tofore duly summoned before the committee of man-
agers of this House, and who, as appears by the
report of the managers, has refused to answer proper
inquiries put to him in the course of the investigation
ordered by the House, and who has not attended
upon the sessions ol the committee according to its
order, but has, in contempt thereof and of the orders
of this House, left the city ot Washington, <md ic-
mains absent and has not yet reported himself to the
committee, be forthwith arretted by the Scrgeant-at-
Arms, and be brought before the House at it< bar by
the oiders of the House, duly issued by thu Speaker,
under his hand and the sea- of the House; and that
said Woolley be detainel by virtue thereof by the
Sergeant-at-Arms until he answer for his contempt
of the order of the House, and abide such fuither
order as the House may make in the premises.
Mr. BUTLER. I now propose to call the
previous question upon this resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman pro-
prose to press this matter through without
debate after making these serious charges?
Mr. BUTLER, f will withdraw the call tor
the previous question for the pre&ent if the
gentleman desires.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to correct a state-
ment of fact in the resolution.
Mr. BUTLER. H,qw long a time does the
I do not know; a reason-
I will yield for a question
gentleman want?
Mr. BROOKSy
able time. /
VMr. BUTLJ5R.
siWly. / ^
Mr. BESOOKS. I wish to correct the gen-
ii tlenViym point of fact. This resolution is
I! basecMipon an erroneous statement of fact, in
regard to which, 1 suppose, the gentleman
desires to be corrected. The gentleman has
fallen in the same error to-day that he tell into
the other day, when he stated positively that
Mr. Woolley had left the city. Mr. Woolley
is now in the city, as he was the other day.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 desire to say, first, that
Mr. Woolley left town on the nignt train, and,
after he went off, sent us u dispatch that he
had gone; so I know he went; that is, if he
is to be believed at all.
Mr. BROOKS. Is the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts so little versed, after all his experi-
ence in telegraphing, in t,he skill with which
men could fool him with telegraphic dispatches ?
hen it was iound that ho was hunting up tele-
graphic dispatches as freely as he was he might
receive a dozen telegraphic dispatches from
New York stating that Mr. Woolley was there,
when he had not left VVillard's Hotel.
Mr. BUILBR. I understand this to be the
state of iapts: Mr. ft oolley went away to Xew
\ork,in defiance of the committee, stayed until
last night, and then came back again.
Mr. BROOKS. The resolut ion states that,
Mr. \\ ooiley lett the city of Washington, and
has not yet returned.
Mr. BUTLER. No, it does not: it says, he
lias not reported to the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the resolution be again
read.
The resolution was read.
Mr. BROOKS. " Remained absent" is the
