54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
[December 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Boutwell.
40tii Cong .... 2d
portion of the country. The incorporation of
the southern States in a grand summary of
agricultural results was doubly difficult in view
of the cessation of all regular agricultural
order during the war, and its shattered and
uncertain status on the return of peace. The
wonderful agricultural progress of the distant
Pacific States has complicated the difficulties
of accurate compilation of the statistics of
production. Yet, with the aid of a large corps
of zealous and intelligent repoiters in all sec-
tions of the country, valuable results have been
achieved in this branch of the Department.
In comparison with 1800 the table of num-
bers and prices of farm stock exhibit a de-
crease of six per cent, in horses, with a slight
increase over the exhibit of the previous year.
The heaviest loss is shown in the South ; the
most rapid recuperation in the West. Prices
of horses have retrograded less than values of
other stock during the year.
Cows appear to be increasing more rapidly
than any other horned cattle, as a result in
part of the success of the associated dairy
system.
Sheep, it is claimed, have nearly doubled
in numbers since 1860, increasing from twenty-
three to more than forty million, and their wool
from sixty to one hundred and fifteen million
pounds.
There has been an increase in swine since
1800, principally in the West.
The farm crops of the present season, with
some exceptions, have been more abumlant
than those of last year. The wheat crop, for
three years comparatively small, lias been gen-
erally good, with a large average, and a mod-
erate yield. Including the southern and Pa-
cific States, the returns, when fully complete,
will probably show a total aggregate of more
than two hundred million bushels.
While corn promised a largo yield, with an
increased acreage, there were serious local
losses, principally in the Ohio valley, which
will tend to reduce the estimates.
Cotton is yielding better than last year and
will probably produce an aggregate of more
than two and a half million bales.
For estimates of the principal products ref-
erence is made to the statistical report.
the ilkpalltmi.xt bl'lldixg.
The new building fur the accommodation of
the Department was not contracted for until
•after the adjournment of the session of the
Congress in July last, in consequence of the
protracted illness and subsequent death of the
Commissioner. The contract was awarded to
the lowest bidder, Francis Gibbons, jr., esq.,
of Baltimore, with whom an agreement pro-
viding fur the furnishing of uiateiials and elec-
tion of a building, upon the plans submitted to
Congress, and upon which the appropriation
therefor was made, was duly executed on the
2d day of August, 1SG7, copies of which, with
ample security for the performance of the same,
are on file in the Comptroller's office, Treas-
ury Department. The erection of the building
was promptly commenced and is now ready
for the roof, and proceeding with entire satis-
faction toward completion. The promptness
and energy with which the contractor has thus
far progressed with the work warrant the con-
fident belief that it will be completed under
the terms of the contract and within the appro-
priation by the 1st day of March next or very
soon thereafter.
Further appropriations will be necessary for
heating, furnishing, fixtures, and grading of
grounds and walks around the building, the
cost of which has been submitted in the esti-
mates for the expenses of the Department for
the next fiscal year, and will be duly presented
to Cong ress for consideration.
There has been paid on account of the build-
ing. upon estimates of work doneand materials
furnished, ^^3,720 89. The remainder of the
appropriation is applicable to the payment of
further estimates, and the ten per cent, reser-
vation, under the contract, upon the comple-
tion of the work; and I have no reason to
donbt that it will be sufficient for those pur-
poses.
finances.
The declining health of the late Commis-
sioner greatly interfered with the prompt ren-
dering of his quarterly accounts during the last
year of his administration, none having been
rendered for that period until after I had as-
sumed control of the Department, since which
time they have been duly submitted to the
proper accounting officer of the Government.
Ill the settlement all moneys drawn by him
from the Treasury appear to be accounted for,
butduiingthe several years of continual appro-
priations for nearly the same objects drafts
were made upon certain items of appropriations
and paid out upon others in amounts beyond
the appropriations to these objects, and in order
to a proper adjustment of his accounts upon the
books of the Treasury Department a deficiency
appropriation to the amountof $8,006 42 should
be made.
There are also in addition to the above
various unpaid bills for seeds and other mate-
rials, contracted for and used by the Depart-
ment during his administration, amounting to
$3o,8'.)2 3;5, to meet which the appropriations
were inadequate, and for which a further defi-
ciency appropriation should be made. A sched-
ule of such debts have been submitted to the
honorable Secretary of the Treasury for the
purpose of being presented to Congress in the
usual manner.
The appropriation for the purchase of the
Glover Museum was promptly applied to that
object, and Mr. Glover has duly transferred
his collection to the Government. This col-
lection continues to be the center of attraction
to all visitors, and its usefulness as an eco-
nomic museum can scarcely be overestimated.
Additions of interesting objects continue to be
made, all sections of the country contributing
specimens of agricultural products, minerals,
and manufactures, or whatever may be con-
sidered useful and illustrative of the growth
and enterpiise of the country.
In reference to the present financial condition
of the Department, there has been expended
out of the appropriation for the current fiscal
year §05,118, leaving a balance of $113,902 to
meet the demand for the remainder of the
year, which is considered sufficient for the pur-
pose.
In conclusion I desire to acknowledge my
indebtedness to the several heads of division
of this Department for their valuable assist-
ance and faithful cooperation in the peculiar
and responsible duties devolved upon me, and
also to note their zeal and ability in the man-
agement of the specialties confided to their
charge. The same commendation is cheerfully j
accorded to the clerks and employes of the I
office for their general faithfulness in the dis- j
charge of their various duties. '
JOHN W. STOKES, |
Acting Commissioner of Agriculture. . :
To his Excellency Andrew Johxbo>*, President, j
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. G. S. BOUTWELL, j!
01' MASSACHUSETTS, lj
T>r the House op Representatives. i
December 5 and 0, 1867.
The Iloui-e having under concideration the follow- ,j
ir.g resolution, reported from the Committee on the ,j
Judiciary: '
Resolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of tho i!
United States, bo iinpoaehed of high crimcs and mis- !!
demeanors— '1
Mr. BOUTWELL Said: :!
Mr. Speaker: In opening this cause to the '!
House I shall confine myself to a concise pre-
sent^tion of the views which tho occasion im- ■!
peratively demands at my hands, giving no
rein whatever to those efforts and forms of
speech which other men in similar circum-
stances have freely employed with great pro-
priety and power.
The gravity of the occasion is unusual ; lead-
ing us, as it ought, to exercise great care in
speech and action, but not inducing us to
swerve in any' manner from the line of duty.
It is one of the incidents of public life that
public men are called to take responsibility;
but it is one of the achievements of life to meet
and bear successfully such responsibility when
tendered by circumstances or events.
It is not strange that a sensitive, a conscien-
tious public opinion shrinks from a proceeding
so solemn in its character, the end of which
man cannot foresee. In one scale they place
all the present material and political interests
of the country and in the other the project for
the removal of a President who has fifteen
months only of official life. If this were a full
statement of the case, and there were no con-
sequences of evil likely to follow, I certainly
should not hesitate to yield to the suggestion
which invites us to leave the President where
he is. In the first place, the impeachment of
the President does not involve any neglect of
the questions and subjects to which the atten-
tion of the country is chiefly directed. In any
event Congress will have time to deal with all
these questions, and it will deal with them,
undoubtedly in a manner acceptable to the
country. On the other hand, if the conclusion
of the majority of the committee be correct,
we are charged with a grave duty coneernir^:
the country in all its material and political
interests during the present Administration,
and furnishing an example affecting favorably
or unfavorably its fortunes in all future time.
The public mind is influenced also by the
vast powers and supposed evil character of the
President; and the larger these powers are
assumed to be so the more do the people dread a
contest with a man whose capacity for wrong-
doing even they have learned to respect. There
is also a small class, but not an unimportant
class, of the community who are attracted by
the courage and persistency of the President's
course. They have seen him carry on for two
years a contest, apparently an unequal contest,
with the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment in which there has been a two-thirds
majority against him ; but such has been his suc-
cess that it is not strange that they now antici-
pate for him a speedy, decisive victory. And
even his enemies must admit that he has exhib-
ited talents and courage in a bad cause which
would have rendered the truth triumphant in
every part of the land.
Others have received the impression that the
suspension of the President would follow his
impeachment by this House. It certainly will
not be out of place for me in this connection
to present the views I entertain on this subject.
After much deliberation I cannot doubt the
soundness of the opinion that the President,
even when impeached by this House, is still
entitled to his office until he has been convicted
by the Senate ; and I have reached that con-
clusion in the presence of many difficulties
which in my judgment are incident to the
question.
I know it may be said that it is an extraor-
dinary feature in the Government that the
I resident of the United States, impeached by
this House, and arraigned aitd on trial before
the other, should still have command of the
' "v and the Xavy and remain in possession
of the vast emoluments, power, and patron-
age ot oflice. There are grave difficulties in
the way of this view. But if, on the other
hand, it be the doctrine thai the President
ot the United States is to be temporarily sus-
pended from his office whenever the House of
representatives, by a majoritv of one, shall
chouse to prefer articles of impeachment
against him, it is perfectly apparent that a
