520
SUPPLEMENT TO
ted.Statps was not a Congress of the United States
authorized by the Constitution to exercise legisla-
tive power under the same, but, on tlio contrary,
was jj.Congress of only part of the States, thereby
denying. and intending to deny, that the legislation
of s.aitj Congress was valicl or obligatory upon him, the
siiid Andrew Johnson, except in so far as he saw fit
t o - a p p r o v ct b es a mc, and also thereby denying, and
intending to deny, the power of the said Thirty-Ninth
Congress to propose amendments to the Constitution
of the United States; and, in' pursuance of said dec-
laration, the said Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, afterward, to wit, on the 21st day of
February, A. I). 1868, at the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, did," unlawfully, and in disre-
gard of .the requirement of the Constitution, that he
should talie care that thelaws befaithfully executed,
attempt to prevent the execution of an act entitled
" An-oct. rc^u. 1 aing thctenuro of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2. 1867, by unlawfully devising and
contriving, and attempting to devise and contrive
moans by which he should prevent Bid win M. Stan-
ton from forthwith resuming tho functions of tho
office of Secretary for tho Department of War, not-
withstanding the refusal of the Senate to concur in
the suspension theretofore made by said Audrew
Johnson of said Edwin M. Stanton from said oliioo
of.8coretary.ior the Department of War; and also,
by. farther unlawfully devising and contriving, and
attempting to devise and contrive, means, then and
there, to prevent tho execution of an act entitled
" An act malting appropriations for the support of
the Army for the fiscal year ending June 30,1868, and
for other purposes." approved March 2. 1867; and
also to prevent the execution of an act entitled "An
act to provide for tho more efflcient government of
tho rebel States," passed March 2.1867, whereby tho
said Andrew Johnson, President of tho United Si ates,
did then, to wit, on tho 21st day of February, A. 1).
1868, at the city of Washington, commit, and was
guilty of, a high misdemeanor in offico.
The great difficulty presented to xny mind,
in -connection with this article, is to ascertain
what it really charges. It will be observed
that, one thing is distinctly charged, and that
is, that the President in August, I860, declared
and affirmed, not in words, but "in sub-
stance,'' that " the Thirty-Ninth Congress was
not a Congress of tho United States authorized
by the Constitution to exercise legislative
power under the same, but, on the contrary,
was a Congress of only part of the States,
thereby denying and intending to deny that the
legislation of said Congress was valid or oblig-
atory on him," &e. The article then pro-
ceeds to declare that " in pursuance of said
declaration" the President did three certain
things, to wit:
1. lie attempted to prevent the execution
of the tunure-of-oQicc act "by unlawfully
devising and contriving, and attempting to
devise and contrive, means by which he should
prevent Edwin M. Stanton from forthwith re-
suming the functions of tho office of Secretary
for the Department of War, notwithstanding
the refusal of the Seuate to concur in the sus-
pension," &e.
2. And, also, " by further unlawfully devis-
ing and- contriving, and attempting to devise
and contrive, means, then and there, to pre-
vent the execution" of the Army appropriation
act of 1807, requiring that all military orders
by the President to inferior officers he coun-
tersigned by General Grant. And, also,
11. "To prevent the execution" of the act of
March 2, 1807, for the government and recon-
struction of the rebel Slates; whereby it is
Charged that tho President "did then, to wit,
on the 21st day of February, A. 1). 18(18, at the
city of Washington, commit, and was guilty of,
a high misdemeanor in office."
It will be seen that the article winds up with
charging one single offense, and that offense is
said to Itave been committed on the 21st. day
of February, 1808,
This produces confusion. One would sup-
pose. on first reading the indictment, that ihe
body of the offense consisted in the declaration
of tho President that the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress was not a lawful Congress. But that
hypothesis is shaken when we reflect that this
declaration appears to have been made on the
18th of August, 1800. And again, if this dec-
laration of the President be the real offense,
and the enumerated instances of resistance to
the laws passed by Congress be merely the
proofs or evidences showing the President's
disregard or contempt of its legislation, the
article must fail, for two reasons : first, the
criminal words charged are not supported by
the, evidence ; and second, if the words weie
proved as laid, no mere words, declaration, or
opinion, in reference to the constitutional char-
acter of Congress or the validity of its laws,
can be tortured into a high crime or misde-
meanor. Sueh an expression is not now
known as a crime under any statute, and no
statute can make it a crime, for the reason,
as already stated, that the Constitution for-
bids it.
If, then, there be an offense charged in the
article, it must consist in the allegation that
the President devised ways and means to pre-
vent the execution of certain acts of Congress.
By carefully examining the evidence, it will
be found that notestimony was offered to show
that the President attempted to prevent the
execution of the reconstruction act, except a
telegram to Governor Jenkins, which telegram
was sent long before the passage of the recon-
struction act, and could have had no reference
to it whatever. It will also be seen that the
only evidence adduced to show resistance to
the Army appropriation bill is that of General
Emory. It is the same offered in support of
the ninth article. Instead of proving the charge
it, actually disproves it. Hence, nothing is now
lef t in the eleventh article except the allegation
that the President attempted to prevent Mr.
Stanton from resuming his duties as Secretary
of War after the Senate had refused to concur
in his suspension, It is true that the President
in a letter addressed to General Grant, on the
10th of February, 1808, admits that he had
expressed to Grant a wish that he would either
hold the office and contest Stanton's right to it in
the courts or that he (Grant) would surrender
it to the Presidentin time to fill it with another
name. On first, impression it appeared to me
that this charge was established by the Presi-
dent's own admission, and that, being estab-
lished, it was an offense under the civil-tenure
act ; and so believing, I had at one time par-
tially come to the conclusion to vote for this
one single charge in all the eleven articles;
but, upon a more careful examination and com-
parison of viewswith fellow-Senators, Ibecame
satislied that tho article failed to charge any
ofiense.
In tlie first place, admitting the charge al-
leged to be fully proved, neither the civil-
tenure act nor any other law declared it a
crime or misdemeanor. The civil-tenure act
declares a removal or an appointment made
contrary to its provisions, a misdemeanor, but
it does not make penal an effort to keep out of
office one who, for tho time being, stauds
legally suspended.
>'ccunil. Tho charge itself is wholly un-
proved. By examining tho President's letter,
m which appears the admission, it will bo
seen that no attempt, nor oven a declaration
of intention, was made by the President to
prevent Stanton from resuming the War Office
after the Senate had passed on the suspension,
indeed, if Senators will reflect, they will re-
member that the Senate acted on this question
late at night, and Stanton entered the War
Department early the next morning, and that
in tho meantime there was no interview be-
tween the President and General Grant. The
only offense, therefore, consists in a mere
declaration, or the expression of a wish, by
the President made long before the Senate
acted" on Stanton's suspension, and while it
is admitted that he tvas legally out of the
office. Grant, it seems, partially consented
to this request of the President, but no act
was done either by the President or by Gene-
ral Grant to carry out this expressed wish.
Third, It will be observed that the President's
request to Grant was in the alternative, and
it was a mere request. The President did not
ask him to keep Stanton out. lie asked him
either to contest Stanton's right in the courts
or surrender the office back to him. Grant
at first promised to do so. If, then, the
President devised ways and means to do an
unlawful act, Grant must be implicated with
him, and nobody pretends that sueh is the
case.
Fourth. Even if it appear that the President
did all that can be charged on the subject, that
is, if he had resolved, and even endeavored by
act, to keep Stanton out of the War Office, after
the action of the Senate, it does not follow that
he committed even an improper, much less an
unlawful act. In my view of the subject, he had a
perfect right to suspend Mr. Stanton under the
second section of the tenure-of-office act, and
if the Senate found against the suspension, he
had an equal right under the act of 1789 to re-
move him from office absolutely. Having,
therefore, full and complete authority to do all
that the charge can possibly include, I cannot
on further reflection consent that this article
contains matter upon which an impeachment
may be properly predicated.
' If any further reason were needed for voting
against this article, it might be found in the
fact that there is absent from the proof all
pretense of a corrupt or wicked design in this
request of the President. The only evidence
adduced is his own admission, and when the
whole letter is taken together it appears that the
President was of the opinion that Stanton was
already permanently removed, and he designed
only to test that question before the courts.
1 might extend this examination to much
greater length. But the intelligent reader of
this trial will look to the charges and the evi-
dence for himself. I have not attempted to
elaborate any point. 1 have simply endeav-
ored to present some of the leading points
which influence my judgment in voting against
this prosecution. I do not say that the Presi-
dent is void of offense. I have not said even
that he ought not to be impeached and removed
from office. But I have said, and I now repeat it
with em]ihasis. that in my judgment a cool and
deliberate future will not fail to look with amaze-
ment on tltis extraordinary proceeding as it is
now presented to us, and the legal and dis-
criminating minds of the world would visit
with deserved condemnation a judgment of
conviction on any one of the articles now pend-
ing. I have taken up too much time already,
and hence I forbear to allude to the political
aspects of the question. We are told that the
people clamor for tho President's conviction,
it may be so. But I cannot believe that one
third of the people of this country would, as
jurors, convict the President on these articles.
If they clamor for conviction it is on account
of other matters and for other offenses than
these. Suppose, however, I am mistaken, and
that nine tenths of the people desire his re-
moval, is that a reason why we should surrender
our convictions of duty. We have been sworn
to examine this case from a legal and not a
party point of view. If this were a vote whether
J ohnson should be elected President, or whether,
being in, he is a fit person for the exalted
office, our position might be relieved of much
embarrassment. The question is simply one
of guilt under the charges as presented by the
House, and I cannot, in justice to the laws of
the land, in justice to the country or to my
own sense of right, render any other response
to the several articles than a verdict of " not
guiltv."
OPINION
' OF
IION. F. T. FKELINGHUYSBN.
There is no more responsible duty than that
of trying the question whether the Chief Magis-
trate of a nation, who holds his office under the
Constitution and by the suffrages of the people,
shall be deposed. On the one hand, the result of
the issue is serious to the individual who is on
trial, reaches to the rights of every citizen, may
effect the maintenance of the cheeks and bal-
ances, and oven the stability of the Government.
On the other hand, to suffer the Executive
successfully to assert the right to adjudicate on
the validity of laws, claimed to be inferontially,
though not in terms, contrary to the Constitu-
tion, and to execute such as he approves and
violate such as he condemns, would be to per-
mit the Government to be destroyed. And
