3602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
without an examination and comparison,
that the constitutional amendtaents as set
out in that joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Florida are set out in the words in
which they were proposed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have said that I was
for treating this paper like all others. If any
member of the Senate will rise in his place
and say that he believes this resolution does not
recite the fourteenth article, or that what is here
set forth differs from it, I am willing to have
it referred for the purpose of comparison to
satisfy the Senator from Missouri; but unless
some Senator suggests something of that kind,
and merely imagines that it is possible it is
not properly copied, I see no necessity for a
reference, even to satisfy my friend from
Maine that the Secretary of State should
promulgate it. The validity does not depend
upon his promulgation ; he is only required
to give notice when lie has received official
information of the adoption of a constitutional
amendment. Bat we have passed a law by
which we have said to the State of Florida,
"You have organized a State government
which is entitled to representation in this Con-
gress, and we will receive your representatives
when you send them here, and ratify the con-
stitutional amendment which we name the
fourteenth article.'' They send us here the evi-
dence of that fact, and send the members here,
and now the Senator from Maine suggests that
we shall wait until the Secretary of State pro-
claims something about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; the Senator
will please not misapprehend me. I think it
is the duty of the State to communicate the
fact to the Secretary of State, and that is the
proper evidence that they have adopted or rati-
fied the amendment, so that he may have the
evidence before him in order to promulgate the
adoption of the constitutional amendment by
a sufficient number of States to make it a part
of the Constitution. Suppose that hereafter,
this not being now done, the State of Florida
or any of these other States refuses to com-
municate the information to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not alter its
validity. It is only a means of preserving the
evidence. Whenever the requisite number of
States have ratified the constitutional amend-
ment it becomes part of the Constitution ; and
whenever you can obtain the evidence of that
fact in any court the court would recognize it.
This is not the only means of establishing it;
it is a convenient way of making it known by
havingit promulgated by the Secretary ofState.
But would it riot be just as valid in any court
in Christendom when the evidence was furnished
from the action of the State itself that it had(
ratified the constitutional amendment? Iteally
I see no object in referring these papers. It
looks to me as if it were hunting after some
objection when the Senator from Missouri sug-
gests that possibly these are not proper copies.
.Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I do not
think the honorable Senator from Illinois has
any sort of justification whatever for charging
me with hunting after objections to the admis-
sion of representatives. We declared by act of
Congress that we would admit the Senators
from these States when each of these States
had ratified the constitutional amendment.
The honorable Senator from Illinois said that
in this case evidence of the fact was produced
in regard to Florida. How does he know that
thatis evidence of the fact till he has examined
it? How can we say that it is a ratification
of the constitutional amendment when we hav-e
not examined the document to see whether
the amendment is there in terms? I want the
Committee on the Judiciary to examine this
resolution of the two houses of the Florida
Legislature, and inform us whether it is a
ratification of the constitutional amendment,
whether the constitutional amendment is set
out there in terms, or whether it is something
else that they have ratified.
I protest, Mr. President, against any charge
against me of unfriendliness toward the admis-
sion of these States. All I want is that the
fundamental condition upon which they were
to be admitted, the ratification of that amend-
ment, shall be made to appear to the Senate
before they shall rush forward to admit these
Senators. Now, sir, if the Senate choose to
go it blind in this matter, very well; I have
nothing further to say; I have done my duty
in calling their attention to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall have a
vote and see whether the Senate will refer
these credentials or not.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am some-
what amused at this sudden revival of a seem-
ing attachment to the Constitution by the gen-
tlemen over the way after they have so long
forsaken it. It is, however, rather an encour-
aging and refreshing view of the subject; but
I think the gentlemen might as well hold on
to the even tenor of their way. Why should
they care about the Constitution or elections
or forms of return? They may dispense with
the whole of them whenever it is their will,
and I think they might as well do it now.
Why trouble yourselves, gentlemen, about the
Constitution and what it prescribes and its
forms? Why do you look at the form of a
return of a Senator from one of the States of
the Union? Why do you ask an election
much less a return? Dispense with the com
mission and with the return, and, if necessary
dispense with the election, and if the gentle
men who present themselves do not suit you
just select and appoint others for yourselves
You car do all this, and I think it would com
port more with what,you have done heretofore
it would preserve the harmony of your system
of operations and of your programme. I en-
treat that you shall make no departure what-
ever from it; do not say another word about
the credentials or another word about the
elections; but if the gentleman who presents
himself suits you, just send him up to be
sworn ; and if he does not suit you, just drop
him for another that suits you better and send
him up to be sworn, and have it all your own
way.
Mr. STEWART. Is the Senator serious?
Mr. DAVIS. It is serious for you ; that is,
it is acting out your appropriate part. I am
just suggesting what uniformity in your course
and policy would require you to do, gentlemen.
You have given enough of amusement to the
Senate and to the country this morning by
talking about elections, and the forms of the
Constitution, and the forms of return. I think
that farce has been played about long enough.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the reading of the paper presented
by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doomt-
tle.] He asks to have it read, and the reading
being objected to it can only be ordered by a
vote of the Senate. The question is, Shall the
paper offered by the Senator from Wisconsin
be read?
The question being taken, there were on a
division—ayes 21. noes 8.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The paper
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
State op Florida,
Executive Department.
To all to whom these presents may come, greeting :
Know ye, that at a joint meeting of the senate and
house oi representatives of the State of Florida in
General Assembly convened, held at the capitoJ, in
the city of Tallahassee, on the 23th day of November,
A. I>. 1866, Willinm Marvm was duly elected a Sena-
tor in the Congress of the United States for the term
of six years from the 4th day of March proximo, 1867.
_ln testimony whereof I have hereunto set my offi-
cial bignature and caused to be affixed the great seal
of Florida.
Done at the capitol, in the city of Tallahassee, the
30th day of November, A. I). 1866.
[i~ s.] DAVID S. WALKER,
Governor of Florida.
By the Governor:
Attest: Bknjamix F. Allex, Secretary of State.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
that the credentials first read, and the paper
purporting to be evidence that the constitu-
tional amendment has been ratified by the Legis-
lature of Florida, be referred to theCommittee
on the Judiciary. To that motion the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] moves an
amendment.
Mr. FERRY. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
motion by including in it the credentials just
read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Senators suggest that
they prefer to take the question on each case
separately, and that I can make the motion to
refer these papers afterward, if the others are
referred. To gratify Senators I withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the credentials first offered
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with the
resolutions of ratification of the Legislature of
Florida.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. STEWART called
for the yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the yeas and nays are
to be taken, I wish .in one word to give the
reason for my vote. I have, as it now strikes
me, no difficulty with the question of terminol-
ogy—if my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] thinks that is a proper word to use—
which has been raised here; but considering
the condition that these States have been in,
and the fact that there are several other cases
more or less analogous to come to us, I think
that it is wise, as a mere matter of precaution,
although I myself see no objection to these
papers, to send them to the committee. The
committee meet to-morrow and can report to-
morrow ; and then everybody will be satisfied,
and we shall have a precedent and method of
doing business which will not leave us so liable
as we are, in doing things in the haste of this
method, to go astray. That is my reason for
voting to refer, not that I see any difficulty in
the case.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays '30; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Davis, Doo-
little, Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden, Hendricks, How-
ard, Johnson, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, and
Vickers—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conness, Corbett, Cragin. Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Har-
lan, Howe, McDonald, Morgan, Morton, Nye, Pom-
eroy, Kamsey, Itoss, Sherman, Stewart, Sutnner,
Thayer, Tipton,Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
ley, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Conkling, Dixon, Fow-
ler, Grimes, Henderson, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice,
Saulsbury, and Sprague—10.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] that the Scnator-elect
be permitted to take the oaths.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the reading of the
supposed resolution of ratification by the Legis-
lature of Florida.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Chief Oierk read as follows :
Beit resolved by the people of the State of Floridain
Senate and Assembly represented. That the following
proposed amendments to the Constitution of tha
United States, known as articles thirteenth ami four-
teenth, be, and the same are hereby, adopted:
XII[ Amexdmext.
SectionI. Neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude, except as a punishment tor crime whereof tho
party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within the United States or any place subject to their
jurisdiction.
Sf.c. 2. And Congress shall have power to enforco
this article by appropriate legislation.
XIV Amexdmest.
1. All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and the State wherein
tbey reside. No State shall make or enforce any law
winch shall abridge,the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, orproperty, with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any" person
within its ^jurisdiction the equal protection of its
laws.
2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several. States according to their respective numbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to
vote at any election for the choice of electors for.
