1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
President and Vice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and judi-
cial officers of a State, or the members of the Legis-
lature thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabit-
ants of such State, being twenty-one years of age
and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion or
"Other crime, tho basis of representation therein shall
he reduced in the proportion which the number of
such male citizens bhall bear to the whole number
of male citisens twenty-one years of age in such
State.
■ 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, orelcctorofPrcsidontorVice President,
or hold any office, civil or military, under the United
States, or under any State, who, having previously
taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as an
officer of tbe United States, or as a member of any
State Legislature, or as- an executive or judicial
•officer ot any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid and
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability,
4. The validity of the public debt of the United
States authorized by law, including debts incurred
for the payment of pensions and bounties for services
in suppressing insurrection or rebellion,shall not be
questioned., Bat neither the United Statesor any State
shall assume or pay any debtor obligation ineui red
in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or any claim for the loss or emancipation of
any slave; but all suchdebts. obligations, and claims
shall be held illegal and void,
5. Congress shall have power to enforce, by appro-
priate legislation, the pro visions of this article.
Passed in the Senate Jane 9. A. D. 18tjS.
HORATIO JENKINS, jr.. President.
WILLIAM LEE APTH0RP, Secretary,
Passed by the Assembly, June'9, A. D. 1868.
W. W. MOORE. Sneaker.
WILLIAM FORSYTH BYNUM. Clerk.
Approved, June 11, A. D. 1868.
HARRISON REED, Governor.
State of Florida, Executive Office.
This is to certify that, the foregoing is a true and
correct copy of the original resolution, as the same
appears on file in this office. '
In testimony whereof I havehereunto set my hand
r_ i and affixed the great seal of the Slate of Flor-
1 Jida, this 22d day of June, A. D. 1868.
HARRISON REED, Governor.
Mr. DRAKE. I trust now, sir, that the
Senate will perceive the propriety of the in-
vestigation of this matter by the Judiciary
Committee, which I desired should be made.
There are no less than six variations between
the fourteenth constitutional amendment asset
outin that joint resolution and the one that was
proposed. And now the question is whether
we are to admit this State into the Union with
a ratification of the constitutional amendment
in any other shape than the exact form in which
it was proposed.
In the first place, there are some of those
variations that perhaps might not be regarded
as material, there are others that are material.
In the first section, where the amendment reads
that certain persons " are citizens of the Uni-
ted States and of the State wherein they reside,"
the word "of" is left out before the words
" the State." In the last line of that first sec-
tion, which reads in the original "nor deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws," the word "its" is
substituted for the word "the" before "laws,"
which I take to be a very material variance
not only in language, but in substance. And,
sir, how do you know, how does anybody know
to-day, that that was not an intentional variation
put in there by the Legislature of Florida?
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Read that sen-
tence again ?
Mr. DRAKE. Nor shall any State "deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of
the laws;" and they have it in their resolution
"protection of its laws." Is that the amend-
ment that you proposed to that State to ratify?
It is not the amendment; and now you are
pressing or rushing into an admission of the
Senators and Representatives from that State
here when they have not ratified the amend-
ment that you sent to them. " Its laws" may
mean one thing, and "the laws," which mean
all laws which bear upon that State, may be an
entirely different thing.
Again, sir, the third section of the amend-
ment reads in«the original •' no person shall be
a Senator or Representative in Congress, or
elector of President and Vice President." In
this it reads "or Vice President." I do not
attach great importance to that; but still it is a
verbal difference; it is not the amendment that
we proposed.
But here, sir, is another change which is
material in my judgment. In that same third
section the words in the original are, "shall
have engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the same or give aid or comfort to the
enemies thereof." They have it there "aid
and comfort," substituting the word "and,"
the copulative instead of the disjunctive "or."
That 1 take to be substance.
Again, sir, the fifth variation is the insertion in
the fourth section of the particle "the" before
the word ' 'payment." I do not attach any im-
portance to that. Again, the substitution of the
word "or" for "nor" in that same section where
it reads in the original, "But neither the
United States nor any State shall assume," &c.
There they have substituted the word "or" for
"nor." I do not attach great importance to
that; but here, Mr. President, are no less than
six variations between the amendment they set
out in their joint resolution and that which we
proposed to them, and two of those variations
are matters of substance.
Now, sir, I have done my duty; I have
called the attention of the Senate to the fact
that the very evidence which they present here
to show that they have ratified the constitu-
tional amendment proves that they have not
done it, and that they hav« ratified another
thing. Now, if the Senate choose to admit
their Senators, let them go ahead and do it as
fast as they please; my duty is done.
The PRESIDENT protempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senator-elect from Flor-
ida be permitted to take the oaths with a view
to be admitted to his seat.
Mr. DRAKE. I will make one inquiry be-
fore I take my seat. That, I presume, neces-
sarily affirms on the part of those who vote to
sustain that motion that that State has ratified
the constitutional amendment. Is not that so,
sir ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it is.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well, sir; I call for the
yeas and nays upon the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. MORTON. So far as these objections
are concerned, these variations that have been
pointed out by the Senator from Missouri, they
are clearly not of substance in this connection.
It was not necessary to set forth these amend-
ments at all. They would have been suffi-
ciently described by saying "the thirteenth
and fourteenth amendments." That was all
that was necessary, and these verbal differences
amount to nothing, because the amendments
are fully and completely identified. Although
there may be these verbal differences, does
anybody doubt but what they are the thirteenth
and fourteenth amendments as proposed by
Congress? All that is required is, that the
amendments ratified shall be pointed out, shall
be designated with reasonabl-e certainty 
Mr. CONNESS. Identified.
Mr. MORTON. Identified, to use that
word; and are they not identified? The vari-
ances themselves are immaterial. They would
not be good on a special demurrer in any court.
They do not go to the substance. It seems
that the Clerk in copying them has used the
word "or" where he should have said "nor,"
and he has put the word " its" where he should
have said "the;" but the meaning of the
amendments is not changed; and certainly
there is no doubt as to what amendments are
intended. They describe the amendments as
the thirteenth and fourteenth proposed by
Congress to be ratified or adopted by the sev-
eral States. Upon that subject there is no
doubt; and these verbal differences in this
connection are utterly unimportant.
Mr. HOWARD. I had hoped, sir, that this
matter would have been referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, for the purpose of
removing any uncertainties which might exist
in the papers, and I supported the motion to
refer because it struck me that the form of
ratification was, to say the least, unusual, tbe
language not being that of the Constitution,
and possibly not embracing what is intended
by the Constitution. I raised this doubt for
the purpose of eliciting some discussion on the
subject. It seems, however, that the Senate,
in voting by a very large majority not to refer
the papers to the committee, are of opinion
that that form of ratification is sufficient, and
that the language used by the Legislature of
Florida, "adopted," is the equivalent of the
word "ratified" in the Constitution itself. So
far I have_ effected one purpose, and that was
to ascertain the sense of the Senate upon that
point; and that being the sense of the Senate,
as appears by a very large majority, I shall
now vote to admit the Senator to his seat.
I do not think, however, that the copy of the
fourteenth article of amendment, as set out in
the paper furnished to the Senate, is the official
authentic copy. It was not necessary, as has
been very properly remarked by the Senator
from Indiana, that the Legislature of Florida
should undertake to furnish a copy in totidem
verbis of the article. The official and conclu-
sive proof of what the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution is exists in the roll itself
engrossed and filed away with the proper
Department of the Government. That is the
official evidence of what is meant by Congress
and by the States ratifying it by " the four-
teenth amendment." I therefore look upou
these small discrepancies pointed out so ingen-
iously by the Senator from Missouri as being
entirely immaterial, so far as the evidence of
what the amendment actually is, is concerned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Legislature of Flor-
ida, according to this transcript which they
send us, did not have the thirteenth and four-
teenth articles before them to adopt, unless
these articles which t-hey set but are substan-
tially the thirteenth and fourteenth articles.
Mr. HOWARD. Are they not bound to
take notice of the fact that the public statutes
exist?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means, when
as an independent State they are called upon
to give the assent of their will to what then
amounts toa compact between the Government
of the United States and the State, and an
irreversible contract. Suppose the Legislature
of Florida had had an entirely and totally
different paper, the reverse of this one that we
have got before us, before them, and some per-
son who presented it had made that Legislature
believe that that was the article they were called
upon to see and to know; because the ground
upon which we go is that when Congress pro-
posed this article to those States as States the
State of Florida was not in condition to receive
any such proposal. It had no Legislature ; it
had no organized government. We set up one
three or four days ago, or a week ago, what-
ever the time was. That body of men having
a right to pass as a matter of will and assent
upon the question of whether they would agree
to this proposal, (because you must remember
that by the Constitution of the United States
amendments of the Constitution are mere pro-
posals to the States in their sovereign, inde-
pendent, and political capacity.) they have a
text presented to them which differs in a mate-
rial particular—take that for granted for the
moment—from the original proposition that
Congress has adopted. They adopt that false
and different proposition and send it to the
Secretary of State. Will my friend from Michi-
gan or my friend from Indiana maintain that
the Secretary of State will be authorized upon
such acert.ificate, under the law as it now stands,
to promulgate that that article had been adopted,
supposing Florida to be the key-stone, so to
speak, the last one of the three fourths? I
take it nobody will maintain that proposition;
and that is exactly this proposition, provided
there is a material and substantial difference
between the two documents. I agree that the
mistake in the use of the word "the," or the
dropping of an article or anything of that kind
would make no difference; every lawyer knows
