1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
phrase ; and that means he is not here. I wish
the gentleman, therefore, before he presses his
resolution, to put it in a form so we can all vote
for it. For, sir, we do not intend to array our-
selves in opposition to any inquiry which the
honorable gentleman or iiis committee wish to
make.
I wish to say further that I hope he will
strike out the words "proper" and "proper
inquiries," for if he has been inquiring into the
private affairs of Mr. Woolley I doubt whether
it is a " proper inquiry." The majority of this
House is invested with power, with certain
privileges and prerogatives, beyond all ques-
tion, but with no privilege or prerogative which
will enable them to investigate into the private
affairs of anybody. And, sir, when the com-
mittee put questions to a witness relating to his
personal and private affairs or private business,
they are, in tny judgment, traveling beyond the
parliamentary right of the House in making an
investigation, particularly when, as in this case,
the witness swears positively he has used none
of this twenty or twenty-five thousand dollars
for any purpose connected whatsoever with the
impeachment of the President.
Before I go further I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to fill
the blanks with the names of the two Senators
mentioned by the witness.
A Member. Three.
Mr. BKOOKS. Two, as I understand ; be-
cause the country has the right officially to
know, what everybody unofficially knows, that
the two Senators are Mr. Pomeroy, of Kansas,
and Mr. Nye, of Nevada, whom it seems were
to be purchased if this money was contem-
plated for that purpose. And I wish to add,
further, that these facts corroborate the testi-
mony of Mr. Cooper, that there were like ne-
gotiations for the purpose of reaching Mr.
Pomeroy and Mr. Nye. I do not charge any-
thing corrupt in regard to them, but 1 only
know that it is stated m the public papers that
these blanks are to be filled with the names of
Senator Pomeroy and Senator Nye, and not
with any of the names of the seven Senators.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
„ The SPEAKER. On the remarks of the
gentleman from New York?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir. I thought he
had got through.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish to say, in answer to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, that in jus-
tice the managers should have carried their
investigations further and investigated a caucus
held by a large number of Senators, at one
time a list of thirty-five names was indicated
and at another thirty-six. I say as a matter of
justice, as a matter of equity, it should be in-
quired into, whether thii ty-five Senators, act-
ing as judges or jurors, have not, as members
of a caucus, attempted to force the impeach-
ment of the President?
Grateful to the member from Massachusetts,
from whom I did not expect so large a
courtesy, I wish he would give me an oppor-
tunity to present my opinion as a member of
the press and a member of the press largely
connected with the telegraph. I protest against
this whole series of ex parte investigations, so
far as my honorable profession is concerned.
I claim as a journalist, and 1 claim it as our
right, holding a position as respectable as ours
is, that of Senators not higher because they
are in the Senate—I claim the right as a jour-
nalist, whenever in private or social inter-
course, at public dinners or elsewhere, in the
line of our profession strictly we obtain in-
formation particularly relating to our profes-
sion, that it is as privileged, if not in the eye
of the common law, in the eye of moral law
and equity and justice, as the consultation of
lawyers, of which profession the gentleman
from Massachusetts is a member, or the office
of the priesthood ; and in behalf of my pro-
fession here I hope at any time, preferring im-
prisonment and death, thev will never report
private conversations or information communi-
cated to them, except before the highest courts
of law on a subpoena duces tecum, with a speci-
fication of the particular fact alleged to be
derived. And in behalf of that profession,
and in behalf of the whole community, 1 pro-
claim this seizure of telegrams, this wholesale
seizure without any specification whatever, is
an outrage upon private life and liberty, the
like of which has never been known in any
country whatever in a time of peace, and which
would never be submitted to under any des-
potism in Europe without outcry and rebellion,
almost if attempted in the form in which it has
been attempted here; and the only wonder to
me in this case is, that in the freedom with
which the telegraph has been used by all par-
ties, more or less, relating to the most intimate
commercial and business affairs as well as to
affairs of social life, involving property, honor,
character, and the most sacred domestic re-
lations, they have not been able to disclose
more facts than they have exhibited here. I
have no doubt they have suppressed hundreds
of telegrams, while they have used only those
that are useful for their purposes here in this
debate.
The privileges and prerogatives of thisHouse
I know very well, but they are not those of a
court of law. They are limited by parliament-
ary rule and parliamentary precedent. I un-
dertake to say that the whole history of par-
liamentary law of no country ever showed an
invasion like this, and that the surrender of
telegrams to this managerial committee is one
of the most disgraceful surrenders which has
ever been made by a corporation in the whole
history of the world, and in my judgment ought
to damn them to everlasting infamy.
With these remarks let me be understood.
I intend to throw no obstacle whatsoever in the
way of any investigation such as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, on behalf of the com-
mittee, may desire to make. Go on ; seek every-
thing in which you may find that anybody has
been in any way corrupted in these proceed-
ings. None of our people have as yet been
touched. The whole array of names, without
exception, so far as I know—Woolley, Shook,
Weed, Hastings—are not of the party with
which 1 am associated. Mr. Shook received
his office from President Lincoln, not from us.
He has been a Republican, and is a Republican
at the present time, so far as my information
goes. What may be the politics of Mr. Woolley
I do not know, nor do I know the politics of
Mr. Adams. He is mentioned as an officer of
the confederate army. I do know something
in regard to that. He never was in the con-
federate army, if he ever belonged to any army
whatsoever, which 1 very much doubt. If he
had any offiee which entitled him to be called
general it was nothing beyond quartermaster
general, and if he belongs to any party what-
soever it is that to which the gentleman from
Massachusetts belongs and not to that with
which I am associated.
I am grateful to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for the courtesy extended me in allow-
ing me to make these few remarks.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I propose
now, having heard from the other side, to call
the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I call the attention of the Speaker to
the Digest, page 192, second paragraph, which
provides that—
" Any person summoned as a witness by authority
of the House to give testimony or to produce papers
upon any matter before the House or any committee
thereof who shall willfully make default, or who.
appearing, shall refuse to answer any question per-
tinent to the matter of inquiry in eonsiderat ion before
the House or committee by which he shall be exam-
ined, shall, in addition tu the pains and penalties
now existing, be liable to indictment as fur a mis-
demeanor. And when a witness^shali fail to testify
as above, and the facts shall bo reported to the House,
it shall be the duty of the Speaker to certify i he fact,
under the seal of the House, to the district attorney
for the District of Columbia/'—SUtfiUes-at-Large,
vol. 11, pp. 155,156.
I insist, that that is a provision which should
govern this case, and not the application of the
gentleman from Massacriusetts. Certainly the
witness should be, in the first instance, arrested.
It is contrary to all law and all precedent that
he should be brought before us without an
opportunity to show cause why he has not
answered a certain question. Many of the
questions put to liiin are of the nature de-
scribed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] ^ lliey are such as, in my judgment,
the committee had no right to ask, and such
as no witness would be compelled in a court
of justice to answer.
Mr. BUTLER. I understate this to be a
point of order and not an argument
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin was going on to indicate the^point. J
The Chair thinks he has stated it. v Jr
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair may think
but he is quite mistaken. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may con-
tinue till he has made his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I say it is contrary to
the practice of any court of justice.
The SPEAKER. That is not a point of
order. The Chair does not know what is the
practice of courts of justice; the only point
of order upon which he can rule is in relation
to the practice of the House of Representa-
tives or of parliamentary bodies.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair cannot, of
course, decide until he has heard my state-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot sustain
a point of order based upon the practice of a
court of justice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that the parlia-
mentary practice is that the witness is not to
be arrested and brought before the House until
he has had an opportunity to show cause why
he has not answered the questions propounded
by the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that the uniform
usage of the House from the Twelfth Congress
down to the present time has been that where
a witness is before a committee of the House
that is authorized to send for persons and
papers and refuses to testify he is first to have
an opportunity to explain to the House of Rep-
resentatives why he refuses to testify ; he can-
not be held to answer until the committee shall
present the question to the House, and the
House shall, at its bar, through the Speaker,
present to him the question and ascertain why
he has refused to answer it. The very Statute-
at-Large quoted by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, on page 192 of the Digest, was enacted
subsequent to the refusal of a witness before
a committee to testify after having been im-
prisoned by the order of the House for his
persistent refusal. The committee who had
the subject under consideration reported this
law, which is to be found on page 155, volume
eleven of the Statutes-at-Large. It reads as
follows:
" Shall, in addition to the pains and penalties now
existing, be liable to indictment as for a misde-
meanor."'
Previous to that time there had been no
power of punishment except the power of the
House of Representatives, and that power ended
whenever the House adjourned. If, therefore,
a witness, just at the close of a constitutional
term of Congress, on the 3d of March, should
refuse to testify, the House of Representatives
could not imprison him for a longer time than
until the -1th of March, when their term expired.
The bill reported by that committee was passed
with the general assent of all parties in Con-
gress, was signed by the President, and became
a law. And it goes on to provide that—•
! " When a witness shall fail to testify as above, and
the facts shall be reported to the House.it shall be
the dutv of the Speaker to certify the fact, under the
h seal of the House, to the district attorney for rhe
1 District of Columbia."
j This law was enacted. The Chair does not
;! remember the exact year.
: Mr. KELSEY. In 1857.
: The SPEAKER. In 1856 or 1857. The
it Chair was a member of the House at the time,
ii and remembers the enactment of the law, be-
ll cause a witness not only refused to testify before
