1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
the action of tliis honorable body on Monday
last answer:
"Mr. Stevens, from the Committee on Recon-
struction, said: I beg leave to make the following
report:
" That, in addition to the papers referred to the com-
mittee, the committee find that the President, on the
21st day ot 1 ebruary, 1868, signed and issued a com-
mission or letter of authority to one Lorenzo Thomas,
directing and authorizing said Thomas to aet as Sec-
retary ot War ad interim, and to take possession of
the hooks, records, and papers, and other public prop-
erty in the War Department, of which the following
is a copy:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary for the Department
of War, you are hereby authorized and empowered
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will im-
mediately enter upon the discharge of the duties
pertaining to that office. Mr. Stanton has been in-
structed to transfer to you all the records, books,
papers, and other public property now in his custody
and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adju-
tant General of the United States Army, Washington,
District of Columbia.
Official copy respectfully furnished to Hon. Edwin
M. Stanton. L. THOMAS,
Secretary of War ad interim.
"Upon the evidence collected by the committee,
which is herewith presented, and in virtue of the
powers with which they have been invested by the
House, they are of the opinion that Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, be impeached of high
crimes and misdemeanors. They therefore recom-
mend to the House the adoption of the accompany-
ing resolution. THADDEUS STEVENS,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
C. T. HULBURD,
JOHN F. FARNSWORTH,
F. C. BEAMAN,
II. E. PAINE.
"Resolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, be impeached for high crimes and mis-
demeanors in office."
Upon the hurried examination which I have
been able to give, I find that nine of the arti-
cles substantially set out the charges made in
the foregoing report, and it is not necessary to
discuss them in detail. How, sir, shall we be
regarded by posterity? In what light shall we
appear before the civilized world when it be-
comes known that the President of the United
States has been impeached for having exer-
cised a legal and constitutional right, t[ie right
of removing a Cabinet officer who is charged
with obstructing the public service? And what
else? Why, sir, that he assigned the Adjutant
General of the Army, whose office is in the
War Office, to the temporary discharge of the
duties of that office until a Secretary of War
could be appointed, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
Nine of the articles against the President
charge that he violated the civil-tenure act by
removing Secretary Stanton and by directing
the Adjutant General of the Army to discharge
the duties of the War Office ad interim—that
is, until a Secretary of War could be duly ap-
pointed-, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
And I propose to demonstrate, in a few words,
that under that act the President had the right
to remove Secretary Stanton, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate to appoint
his successor. By the express terms of the
Constitution, on the death of the President, the
Vice President at once becomes President and
is immediately clothed with all the rights, au-
thority, and prerogatives of an Executive ori-
ginally choscn by the electors of the respective
States. The first section of the civil-tenure act
provides that the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of the In-
terior, the Postmaster General, and the Attor-
ney General shall hold their offices respectively
for and during the term of the President by
whom they may have been appointed, and for
one month thereafter, subject to removal, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. Stanton was made Secretary of War by
President Lincoln, but Mr. Lincoln died, and
by his death his term of office came to an end.
Andrew Johnson then became President, and
his term commenced from the date of Mr. Lin-
coln's decease. And, as Mr. Stanton was not
appointed Secretary of War by President John-
son, it irresistibly follows that under the ex-
press provisions of that act President Johnson
had authority to remove Mm without the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate. And it is
equally dear that he cannot under that act so
remove Secretary Browning or Attorney Gen-
eneral Stanbery. Why not? Because they
were appointed by himself. Such being the
law, is it not apparent that it is the Secretary
of War and not the President who should be
impeached? That high functionary has set a
most dangerous example of insubordination to
the Army; and every subaltern guilty of dis-
obedience of orders may plead the example
of the Secretary of War as his excuse, if not
his justification.
Mr. Lincoln only lived forty-one days after
his second term commenced; but it is claimed
by gentlemen on the other side that his
term continued after his decease, for the rea-
son that he was elected for the period of four
years. It is true that a President is elected to
serve duringa term of fouryears, that is, that he
shall be President during four years, unless he
dies, is successfully im peached, or resigns within
that time. The word "term" applies to the per-
son and not to the office. The office is not limited
by the term of fouryears, but continues to exist
without limitation ; while the term during which
the office is held may be brought to an end at
any time by death, resignation, or impeach-
ment, and then the term expires; but the con-
tinuance of the office is coextensive with the
existence of the Government.
But, sir, even if the act of the President in
removing Secretary Stanton was illegal, there
is now no tribunal before which he can be
tried on articles of impeachment. It is a uni-
versally acknowledged principle of law that no
one who has expressed an opinion as to the
guilt or innocence of the accused can sit as a
juror upon this trial. And after trial and con-
viction the verdict would be set aside were
it made to appear that a single juror had
expressed such an opinion before taking hia
seat in the jury-box. Well, sir, by the terms of
the Constitution, the Senate is the only body
before which the President could be tried on
articles of impeachment; and twenty-nine mem-
bers of that uibunal in the most solemn man-
ner, on the n,ght of the 21st of February, ex-
pressed their opinion as to the guilt of the Exec-
utive and, as that distinguished body is mostly
composed of learned lawyers, it would be doing
injustice to suppose that any one of that twenty-
nine could be induced to sit in judgment on
his trial, after having expressed an opinion as
to his guilt. But, sir, that there may be no
misunderstanding as to the facts,! will road the
preamble and resolution adopted, on the night
of the 21st of February, by a vote of twenty-
nine to six:
"Whereas the Senate have received and considered
the communication of the President, stating that he
had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
and had designated the Adjutant Gen era! of the Army
to aet as Secretary of War ad interim*. Therefore
" liesolved by the Senate of the United States, That,
under the Constitution and laws of the United States,
the President has not the power to remove the Secre-
tary of War and designate any other officer to per-
form the duties of that office."
And it is upon that charge—for the frivolous
specifications contained in the tenth article arc
unworthy of serious discussion in this House,
unworthy of investigation by the Senate—it is,
I say, upon the charge contained in the Senate
resolution that the President is to be put on
his trial. And how can we, with these facts
before us, assume the responsibility of send-
ing the Chief Magistrate of the Republic before
a tribunal which has prejudged his case by a
formal vote, and by a still more formal entry
on its Journal, without allowing him a single
moment for defense? A trial under such cir-
cumstances would be without a parallel in the
history of civilized nations, and would affix an
indelible stain upon the annals of our country.
Sir, the verdict of the Senate has already been
pronounced, and to now arraign the President
before that tribunal would be a mockery of both
law and justice; for the Senate would know,
the world would learn, that the President had
been condemned without a trial, and that he
was only arraigned to receive sentence.
There is another reason, Mr. Speaker, ■why-
self-respect should prevent this honorable body
from passing articles of impeachment under the
actual circumstances. It was but the other day
that a vague newspaper rumor, charging that one
of the judgesof the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States had, when off' the bench, expressed
an opinion as to the constitutionality of there-
construction acts, was made the subject of grave
investigation. But if it be an impeachable
offense for the judge of a court to express an
opinion when off the bench as to an abstract
question of constitutional law, what should be
said of the action of a high court which would
undertake to try a citizen chatged with crimes
and misdemeanors, after that court by a five-
sixths vote had entered its judgment of con-
viction before the ease had been heard ? I have
too much respect, Mr. Chairman, for the Sen-
ate of the United States, too high a regard for
the honor of my country, to doubt that that
august body will vindicate its high character
by refusing to try the Chief Magistrate, after
having previously pronounced an opinion as
to his guilt.
It is well known, sir, to the whole country
that the public interests have seriously suffered
in consequence of the insubordinate conduct
of the Secretary of War. So fully impressed
were Generals Grant and Sherman of the great
prejudice done the country by the continuance
of Secretary Stanton in the War Office that
they determined to request him to resign, and
that if he did not resign that "ulterior meas-
ures" should be "contrived" to meet the case.
But General Sherman shall speak for himself.
In his letter to the President he says:
332 K Street, Washington,
Saturday, January 18.
I regretted, this morning, to say that I had agreed
to go down to Annapolis to spend Monday with Ad-
miral Porter. General Grant has to leave for Rich-
mond on Monday morning at six o'clock. At a con-
versation with the General, atter our interview,
wherein I offered to go with him on Monday morn-
ing to Mr. Stanton and say that it was our joint
opinion he should resign, it was found impossible, by
reason of his going to Richmond and my going to
Annapolis. The General proposed this course. He
will call on you to-morrow and offer to go to Mr.
Stanton to say that for the good ot the service of the
country he ought to resign—this on Sunday. Oil
Monday I will call on you, and if you think it neces-
sary I will do the same—call on Mr. Stanton and
tell him he should resign. If he will not, then it
will be time to contrive ulterior measures. In the
meantime it also happens that no necessity exists for
precipitating matters.
Yours, truly, W. T. SHERMAN.
But Secretary Stanton clings to the War
Office with the tenacity of a drowning man to
a plank; and although General Grant pro-
posed to General Sherman that they should
jointly urge Mr. Stanton to resign, for the good
of the service, of which fact Mr. Stanton is
fully aware; but, dead to every patriotic im-
pulse, deaf to every appeal of honor, he insists
on remaining in a Cabinet where he is un-
recognized by his colleagues and is repudi-
ated by his chief. Sir, the case is a remarka-
ble one. A Cabinet officer—the Secretary of
War—defied and disobeyed the President of
the United States, the constitutional Com-
mander of the Army and Navy. What was to
be done ? Was the President to yield to the
usurped authority of a member of his own Cab-
inet? Was the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy to yield to his own subaltern?
Or rather, was it not his right, if not his im-
perative duty, to require obedience to the laws
and remove the offender from office? But it
is charged that the President has defied Con-
gress. What are the facts ? The interests of
the public service demanded that the Secretary
of War should be removed, and the President,
in the exercise of his constitutional right,
directed his removal.
Certainly, sir, there was neither want of re-
spect nor want of courtesy to Congress in this
action of the Executive. On the contrary, lie
directed the Adjutant General of the Army,
whose office is in the Department of War, to tem-
porarily discharge the duties of the War Office
