THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
since the issue whether the law shall be obeyed
has been made before the country and before
the world, to suffer the President defiantly,
and to this hour persistently to disobey it,
would be to surrender the supremacy of that
sovereignty for the maintenance of which hun-
dreds of thousands of loyal hearts have within
the past few years ceased to beat. Walking
along this narrow pathway, with perils on either
side, one is only secure as he rests his hand on
the firm support of duty.
We are but the agents of the people, author-
ized to act for them only in accordance with
the Constitution and the laws. If we fail to
protect the trusts committed to us we are cow-
ards ; if we exceed our powers .and assume to
exercise our arbitrary will, we are usurpers.
Having on questions as to the admission of
evidence exercised all the liberality that was
consistent with principle, and having held my
opinion, subject to all legitimate influences,
until the whole cause was closed, and the final
vote about to be taken, I am now prepared
briefly to express my views.
Senators are sworn in this case to do impar-
tial justice according to the Constitution and
the laws. The obligation thus imposed may
not be disregarded. The Senate, while trying
the President, are not only invested with the
functions of a court and jury, but also retain
their official characters as Senators intrusted
with the interests of the nation. Were this not
so, the articles of impeachment might as well
be tried before the quarter sessions as before the
Senate of the United States. We may not
remove the President because we believe the
welfare of the nation would thereby be pro-
moted, if the charges against him are not
proved; but if those charges are proved, we
may, for the well-being of the Republic, abstain
from the exercise of that clemency which in
other judicial proceedings is reposed in the
court and in the pardoning power, but which
in the matter of impeachment is involved in
the verdict of the Senate.
There are three questions to be determined,
namely:
1. Has Andrew Johnson violated the law as
charged?
2. Does such violation amount to what in
the Constitution is denominated a high misde-
meanor?
3. Do the interests of the country demand
the enforcement of the penalty for this'viola-
tion of law, or demand the exercise of clem-
ency?
There are eleven articles of impeachment
presented againt the President. 1 shall con-
fine my remarks to the first three and the elev-
enth.
The first article charges Andrew Johnson
with violating the "act regulating the tenure
of certain civil officers" by the removal of
Secretary Stanton. The second and third
articles charge a violation of the same act by
appointment of General Thomas as Secretary
of War ad interim, and the eleventh article, as
construed by the Chief Justice, charges that
the President violated the same act by "at-
tempting to defeat its execution." _
The first, second, and sixth sections ot the
act entitled "An act regulating the tenure ot
' certain civil offices," are as follows:
"j3c it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America in Conqress assem-
bled, That every person holding any civil, offico to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent, of the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter be appointed to any office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be,
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied except as herein otherwise provided: i romdetl,
Thi't the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Post-
mister General, and the Attorney General, shall
hold their offices respectively for and during the
form of the President by whom thoy may have been
oppomted and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent ot the
SB"Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That when any
officer appointed as aforesaid, excepting judges of
the United States courts, shall, during a recess of the
Senate, be shown, by evidence satisfactory to the
President, to be guilty of misconduct in office, or
crime, or for any reason shall become incapable or
legally disqualified to perform its duties, in such case,
and in no other, tho President may suspend such
officer, and designate some suitable person to perform
temporarily the duties of such office' until the next
meeting of the Senate, and until the case shall be
acted upon by the Senate, and such person so desig-
nated shall take the oaths and give the bonds required
by law to betaken and given by the person duly ap-
pointed to fill such office: and in such caseitsh-all
be the duty of the President, within twenty days
after the first day of such next meeting of the Senate,
to report to the Senate such suspension, with the
evidence and reasons for his action in the ease, and
the name of the person so designated to perform the
duties of such office. And if the Senate shall concur
in such suspension and advise and consent to the
removal of such officer, they shall so certify to the
President, who may thereupon remove such officer,
and, by and with the advice and consent ot the Sen-
ate, appoint another person to such office. But if
the Senate shall refuse to concur in such suspension,
such'officer so suspended shall forthwith resume the
functions of his office, and the powers "of the person
so performing its duties in his stead shall cease, and
the official salary and emoluments of such officer
shall, during such suspension, belong to the person
so performing the duties thereof, and not to the officer
so suspended: Provided* however, ThatthePresident,
in case he shall become satisfied that such suspension
was made on insufficient grounds, shall be authorized,
at any time before reporting such suspension to the
Senate as above provided, to revoke such suspension
and reinstate such officer in the performance of the
duties of his office."
*' Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That every re-
moval, appointment, or employment, made, had, or
exercised, contrary to the provisions of this act, the
making, feigning, sealing, countersigning, or issuing
of any commission or letter of authority for or m
respect to any such appointment or employment,
shall be deemed, and are hereby declared.to be, high
misdemeanors, andupon trial and conviction thereof
shall be punished by a fine not exceeding $10,000, or
by imprisonment not exceeding five years, or both
said punishments, in the discretion of the court:
Provided, That the President shall have power to
make out and deliver, after the adjournment of the
Senate, commissions for all officers whose appoint-
ment shall have been advised and consented to by
the Senate."
The first, second, third, and eleventh arti-
cles of impeachment charge, in effect, that
Edwin M. Stanton, being then Secretary of
j War, Andrew Johnson, on the 12th of August,
; 1867, suspended him from office under the
I provisions of the second section of said act;
! that within twenty days after the next meeting
! of the Senate, to wit, on the 12th of December,
! 1807, he reported to the Senate the reason for
such suspension, and also that he had ap-
pointed General Grant Secretary of War ad
interim. That on the 13th of January, 18G6,
the Senate having refused to concur in said sus-
pension, and having so notified Andrew John-
son, the said Edwin M. Stanton was restored
to the functions of his said office under said
act; that Andrew Johnson then devised means
to prevent the execution of the said act by
striving to induce General Grant to refuse to
surrender the said office to Mr. Stanton ; that,
failing in this effort, on the 21st of February,
1868, he made the following orders for the
removal of Mr. Stanton and for the appoint-
ment of General Thomas as Secretary of War
ad interim.
Executive Mansion.
Washington, I). C., February 21, 1868.
Sin: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in mo as President, by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, you are hereby removed from
office as Secretary for the Department ot \\ ar, ana
your functions as such will terminate upon receipt
of this communication. .
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Secre-
tary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
and other public .property now in your custody and
^Respectfully, yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Washington, D. C.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, L>. C., February ~i, 1SGS.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having this daybeen
removed iron) office as Secretary for the Department
of War, you arc hereby authorized and empowered to
act as Seerctaryof War ad interim, and will immedi-
ately enter upon the discharge of the duties pertain-
ing to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all tho records, books, pancr", and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge. ,,
.Respectfully, yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomis, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, 1). C.
The facts thus charged are proved beyond
all dispute. There are many other facts of
aggravation, and showing intent, also proved,
not referred to because not necessary to the case.
If Andrew Johnson did remove Mr. Stan-
ton and issue a letter of authority for the ap-
pointment of General Thomas Secretary of
War, or do either, contrary to the provisions of
the tenure-of-civil-office act, he, by the terms
of the sixth section of that act, hereinbefore
recited, is guilty of a high misdemeanor.
It is insisted" that he did' not remove Mr.
Stanton, because he is in fact tetill in possession
of the War Department. The removal referred
to as constituting the misdemeanor in the sixth
section does not mean a physical removal, but
means such an act of removal as it was in the
power of the President to perform. Neither
does the removal spoken of in the act mean a
valid removal, for it would be an absurdity to
hold that a valid act of the President was a
misdemeanor. The "removal" spoken of is
just such an act as the President performed,
issuing under liis authority an order of removal,
notifying the other Departments that-Mr. Stan-
ton was removed, and informing the Senate
that by his order Mr. Stanton had ceased to be
Secretary of War, refusing to acknowledge him
as such, and recognizing General Thomas as
his successor.
It is again insisted, in defense of Mr. John-
son, that Mr. Stanton is not included within the
provisions of the tenure-of-civil-office act, and
is not protected in his office thereby, and that
consequently his removal was legal; and that,
a.vacancy thus lawfully existing, the appoint-
ment of General Thomas ad- interim thereto
was not prohibited by the said act.
Let us examine whether Mr. Stanton is not
protected by the act. The proviso to the first
section of the act says the "Secretaries of
State, Treasury, War, &c., shall hold their
offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been
appointed, and for one month thereafter." The
Constitution makes the presidential term four
years, commencing the 4th of March; and as
Mr. Lincoln's term commencod March4, 1865,
thisis his term, and Mr. Stanton, having been by
him appointed, is protected from removal by
the words of the act. But it has been insisted
that the true construction of the act is that the
Secretaries, to be protected under the act,
must have been appointed during the existing
presidential term, and that Mr. Stanton was
not appointed by Mr. Lincoln after his reflec-
tion and during the existing term. There is
some force in this claim, and I haveonly called
attention to the fact that Mr. Stanton is within
the words of the act for the purpose of showing
that those who deny that he is under the pro-
tection of the law are obliged to resort to
intendment and construction to maintain their
position.
But let us look at the act again. The pivot
word of the act is "successors." The body
of the first section (as dintingnished from the
proviso) declares that " every person holding
or who shall hold a civil office by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall be enti-
tled to hold such office until a successor shall
be in like manner appointed." So that neither
the President nor the President and Senate
together can remove from office such civil offi-
cer, excepting by the nomination and confirm-
ation of a successor. The act, however, makes
two exceptions to this rule. It provides that
the rule referred to shall exist, " except as
herein otherwise providedand then we have
one exception to this rule in the second section,
which enacts'that when the President suspends
an officer he must send his reasons to the Sen-
ate ; and if the Senate advise and consent to
the removal of the officer, they shall so certify "
to the President, who may thereupon remove
him, and this without nominating a successor.
And we have another exception to the rule in
the proviso to the first section, namely, that
the Secretaries of State, Treasury, War, «tc.,
shall be subject to removal by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and this
without a successor being appointed.
All civil officers, except as above excepted,
hold their offices until a successor is appointed.
Now, if Mr. Stanton does not come within the
