1867.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
55
40th Coxa....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Bouttoell.
Ho. ox? Reps.
mere majority might lake out of the hands of
the Executive, for any purpose that might seem
to it fit, the power which by the people and under
the Constitution had beeQ confided to him. It
is worthy of notice, also, that the House having
the management of the prosecution might pro-
long the trial for the purpose of controlling the
Government. Therefore, after careful exam-
ination, I reach the conclusion that whatever
may be the difficulty in the way of prosecuting
the trial while the President remains actually in
control of all the powers of the Government, it
is a difficulty incident to the question, and a
difficulty which we cannot remove.
I refer briefly to what seemed to me to be
the duty of the committee ; and iu this con-
nection I will also speak of what I understand
to be the discretion of this House incident to its
great authority under the Constitution, having
in its hands the sole power of impeachment.
The committee had no discretion. It was called
by the order of the House under the Constitu-
tion to investigate the conduct of the Presi-
dent and to ascertain whether he had committed
impeachable offenses. It was the duty of the
committee to report its conclusion upon its
conscience and best judgment. But in this
House the jurisdiction is larger. This House
has the sole power of impeachment. Itsaction
is not subject to revision. Therefore it follows
unquestionably that, in the exercise of its best
judgment and conscience, it may give heed to
the great rule of municipal and public life,
that the law takes no noticc of trifles. While
the committee might feel compelled to bring
here as a result of their investigation a con-
clusion based upon unimportant but technical
violations of the laws of the land, amounting,
in their judgment, to crimes and misdemean-
ors, it still would be in the power of the House
to say that these matters are too unimportant
to attract and engross the attention of that
great tribunal, the Senate of the United States,
acting in its highest character as a branch of the
Government.
I also assume that this House may go still
further. It may say, notwithstanding it shall
appear from the record and from the evidence
that the President is guilty of impeachable
offenses of so high a character that under other
circumstances it would be compelled to proceed
to his trial and conviction, that the evil of
attempting to correct them in the manner ap-
pointed by the Constitution is greater than
submission to the continued evil of his admin-
istration. And this statement comprehends,
I think, the entire powers of this House. It
acts in its judgment upon the evidence first,
but upon its conscience in its regard to public
policy whether it will proceed or not. I very
much doubt, however, the power of this House
to censure the President as an independent
proposition, though I cannot doubt its power to
declare, if it choose so to do, that the President
is guilty of impeachable high crimes and misde-
meanors, but that upon considerations of public
policy it is not for the present wise to prose-
cute those charges to trial and final judgment.
It was found by the investigation, as has been
very fully set forth in the reports submitted to
the Houseby the different blanches of thecoin-
mittee, that this inquiry involves the determina-
tion of questions of law on which, in my judg-
ment, the whole proceeding depends. If the
theory of the law submitted by the minority
of the committee be in the judgment of this
House a true theory, then the majority have no
case whatever. If, on the other hand, as I
believe, the opinion entertainedbyt.he majority
of the committee be a true view of the law, then
I am unable to avoid the conclusion that the
President is guilty of high crimes and misde-
meanors, subjecting him to impeachment ac-
cording to the authority of the Constitution. I
have therefore felt it to be my first, duty, if not
my chief duty, in the discussion of this matter,
to present to the House the view of the law
entertained by the majority of the committee
as fully, as carefully, but as concisely, as I am
able to present it.
The attention of the committee was directed
almost constantly to the nature and extent of
the power of impeachment as it exists under
the Constitution of the United States, and to
the practice of the British Parliament from
the earliest historical times to the commence-
ment of the present century. The experience
of Great Britain affords much instruction and
something of warning in reference to proceed-
ings by impeachment, but it does not furnish
precedents which ought to control or in a large
degree to influence the House of Representa-
tives acting under the Constitution of the
United States.
There are four provisions of the Constitu-
tion relating to impeachment, and I present
them together for easier reference, and that
the views I entertain may be more readily
compaied with the law upon the subject:
"The House of Representatives shall choose their
Speaker and other officers; and shall have the sole
power of impeachment.''—Art. II, see, 3, par. 5.
"The (Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments. When sitting for that purpose they
sli:>Il be on oath or affirmation. When the President
of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall
preside: and no person shall be convicted without
the concurrence of two thirds of the members pres-
ent."—Art. II, sec, 3. par. 6.
"Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not
extend further than to removal from office, and dis-
qualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor,
trust, or profit under the United States: but the
party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and sub-
ject to indictment, trial, judgment, and punishment
aeeoidins? to law."—Art. It, spc.X par. 7.
" The President, Vice President, and all civil offi-
cers of the United States, shall be removed from
office on impeachment for, and conviction of, fi ca-
son, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemean-
ors.'"—Art. II, sec. 4.
It is apparent from these provisions that the
power of impeachment is not vested in the
two Houses of Congress for the purpose of
punishing criminals, but for the sole purpose
of removing from and rendering ineligible to
office those persons who by their crimes or
misdemeanors may be unfit for a particular
public trust, or, in extreme cases, for any
public trust whatever.
It is true that a judgment by which an officer
who is charged with an act tainted with crim-
inality is removed from office, and in some
cases declared to be disqualified to hold and
enjoy any office of honor, trust, or profit under
the United States, is in its very nature a severe
punishment; but that punishment is an inci-
dent of the proceeding and not its object. The
object is to secure the country against the
presence of the offender in any place of trust
or power. If. the judgment of the Senate be
regarded as punishment, then the seventh para-
graph of the third section of the first article of
the Constitution, which provides that "theparty
convicted shall nevertheless be liable and sub-
ject to indictment, trial, judgment, and punish-
ment according to law," would be wholly
inconsistent with the nature of our institutions.
This phrase of the Constitution has been
drawn aside, as I think, or rather torn from
its legitimate connections and office for the
purpose of furnishing a prop to the doctrine
that those acts that aie indictable, and those
alone, are impeachable offenses.
The true and different meaning of this phrase
is easily discovered. Its office was to change
the common law practice of England. By
that iaw a person convicted by the House of
Lords upon a proceeding by impeachment
could plead that conviction and sentence in
bar of an indictment in a criminal court for
the same offense. The reason of this is also
apparent. The judgment of the lords carried
a punishment with it entirely distinct from
removal from office. Indeed in England re-
moval from office was an incident or conse-
quence of the proceeding, while its main object,
as in ordinary criminal trials, was the punish-
ment of the guilty party. Hence, when a man
had been convicted and sentenced through
the process of impeachment, and was jjubse-
quen tlx arraigned in an ordinary criminal court,
he put himself upon the common law maxim,
incorporated substantially as an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, in these
words:
"Nor shall any person be subject for the same
offense to be twice put in jeopardy of lifo or limb.''—
Art. Vof Amendments. '
The framers of the Constitution foresaw when
they limited the sentence in cases of impeach-
ment to removal from office and inability to
hold office, that persons so convicted and sen-
tenced, if afterwards arraigned upon an indict-
ment would plead tlio judgment of the court
of impeachment as a bar to the proceeding.
Hence they employed affirmative and specific
language controlling the English practice. This
clause of the Constitution furnishes adequate
support to the position I hold that impeach-
ment is not in this country, as in England it is,
a mode by which crimes are punished.
The proceedings, under the Constitution of
the United States, for the impeachment of a
public officer are essentially and fundamentally
different from proceedings in cases of impeach-
ment under the system of Great Britain; and
this difference impairs materially, if it does not
utterly destroy, the value of the English cases
as authority in the United States. Under the
English system the accused is subjected to
trial in the House of Lords by processes anal-
ogous to those of an ordinary criminal court,
with the singular and apparently unreasonable
difference that he may be condemned by the
voices of a majority merely of his triers, not
less, perhaps, than twelve in number, while in
a criminal court the accused cannot be sen-
tenced and punishment inflicted unless the jury
are unanimous in pronouncing him guilty.
Further, under the English system the House
of Lords fixes the penalty, which may be
death, imprisonment, loss of property, of
office, or only the smallest fine in money.
The accused can have no previous knowledge
of the penalty to which his acts have exposed
him. By the process of impeachment in Eng-
land greater power is exercised by the House
of Loids than is or can be exercised by the
Senate of the United States and any criminal
court, if the authority that each possesses is
considered as vested in one body. ,
There are five manifest and important dis-
tinctions between the English and American
systems in the nature and scope of the pro-
ceeding by impeachment:
1. In the United States the object is not
the punishment of the offender, but security
against his presence as a public officer.
2. In the United States the power of im-
peachment is limited to public officers; while
in Great Britain a private citizen may be sub-
jected to the proceeding.
3. In the United States tlie accused cannot
be convicted without the concurrence of two
thirds of the Senators present, while in Eng-
land judgment follows if a majority of the
lords present pronounce tlie accused guilty.
4. In the United States judgment cannot
extend further than removal from office and
disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of
liunOf, trust, or profit undertlie United States,
while in England the paity convicted may be
deprived of office, estate, and life at the will
of a majority of his judges.
5. In England judges of the courts, since
the time of William III, may be removed by the
king upon an address by both houses of Par-
liament. This power does not exist under the
Constitution of the United States.
j In view of these manifest and important
| distinctions between tlie English and Amen-
, can systems the cases furnished by the prac-
J tice of Great Britain possess hut little import-
! ance as authority in America.
i It follows naturally and necessarily from the
i distinctions stated that in this country a pro-
I ceeding by impeachment is not a criminal pro-
i ceeding. The absence of the party charged
