1867.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
1U
obtain these United States bonds? As a usual
thing :ho\ wore not the people that made their
money oat of the war, but those who had pre-
vious to the war associated themselves into
incorporated companies for the purpose ot
facilitating the industrial business ot the coun-
try. Their circulating medium was secured
upon interest-bearing State bonds, bonds and
mortgages on real estate, and upon productive
real estate itself. These assets of the banks
were converted into United States bonds, be-
lieving them a better investment and better
secuniv for their bill-holders, and paying them
an in:ore>t equivalent to that they were getting
from their other sources. Can any man in
his righc senses assume that the Government
has a right to take the bonds and mortgages
and the productive real estate in which the
niontv of the widows and orphans and the sav-
ing;- banksof our poor people are invested, and
give them a piece of paper bearing no interest?
And yet this is in effect the proposition urged
by same of our leading men. It is simply and
absolutely repudiation. After absolutely com-
pelling them to adopt the national bank cur-
rency system by heavy taxation, now you ask
them to give up their established business and
surrender their bonds and takeyour notes pay-
able at no particular time, bearing no interest,
and uispose of them as best they can. If that
is public faith it has reached a low standard.
The outlines of this banking system adopted
by the Government were in operation in Xew
York State. The security there required by
law were Xew York State or United States
stocks; and I have known the five per cent,
stocks to be worth 115, and that in the days
of specie payment. The system is one that
requires a certain amount of our stocks to be
held in our own country. These our foreign
neighbors cannot purchase at any price. Do
away with the system, throw the stocks upon
the market, and they will disappear gradually
but surely, while the legal tenders bearing no
interest will remain. Foreign capitalists will
thereby hold $300,000,000 more ot our bonds,
for which they will have paid us $225,000,000
in their silks, satins, and champagne, and we
shall pay thera annually for forty years to come
$13,000,000 gold per annum, making the snug
little sum of $720,000,000. By such a step
you would take away the prop that you have
reared in every State of the Union, and through
which you are braced by all the combined cap-
italists of the country, and through them all
the earnings of the saving and frugal who com-
pose the bone and sinew of our country.
There are two ways in which we can return
to 3peeie payment; one is the way indicated
by Senate bill Xo. 154, which I propose to bring
before the Senate at this time in the nature of a
substitute in place of Senate bill X o. 148, offered
by my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Mo brill,]
with a view also of having it referred to the
Committee on Finance. This bill at first glance
may not appear to fully cover the case, and yet
when examined closely I think it is all we
require at this time. The first section provides—
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to issue and keep
in circulation gold notes, payable in gold or silver
coin on demand at the Treasury of the United States,
{>1 such denominations as may be most convenient
for circulation, to an amount not to exceed ninety
per ccnt. of the gold and silver that may be in the
Treasury.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury bo,
an'l he is hereby, authorized to sell $7,000,003 of said
gold notes each and every month after the 2Sth day
ot February, lsos, the said notes to be sold for leg.il-
tenUer notes to the highest bidder orbidders, at such
time or times and in t-ueh amounts as the Secretary
of tho Treasury may deem best for the public inter-
cut: Provide'/, That at no time shall there be placed
in circulation an amount to exceed ninety per cent,
of tiie amount of gold in the Treasury, exclusive of
that in the Treasury for which gold certificates have
been issued; and the amount of legal-tender notes
received in payment for gold notes shall be with-
drawn from circulation.
It will be observed that by the provision of
these sections, while the Secretary of the
Treasury is directed to keep in circulation
timely per cent, of the coin in the Treasury,
he cannot at any time place in circulation to
exceed ninety per cent., if any portion of these
gold notes should be presented and paid,
thereby putting the gold in circulation. The
gold notes so presented will be retained until
the gold again accumulates, so that they can
be again paid out. The receipts from customs
being nearly twice the amount per month that
it is proposed to issue in gold notes, we shall
thus at all times keep sufficient in the Treas-
ury to meet all demands for interest and other
purposes. When you prepare thus far to re-
sume specie payments the result follows that
the banks will do the same. They will either
hold their reserve in legal-tender notes or gold
notes; as the legal-tender notes become scarce
they will increase in value.
There are in circulation of legal tender, asido from
fractional currency, the sum of. goWOO.OOO
Deduct reservo held by banks  00,1)1)0,000
296 000 000
Deduct amount which the $90,000,000 gold
notes will retire, estimated at  117,000,000
and you have left in circulation 8179,000,000
It must, therefore, very much enhance the
value of the remainder. This amount could
easily be managed. By the system proposed
it is believed that within two years sufficient
gold would flow into the Treasury to redeem
$75,000,000 more. There being then left but
$100,000,000 legal tenders in circulation, I
estimate that they would be nearly on a par
with gold and gold notes.
Y ou may ask, what will the banks do all this
time? My answer is that they have a large
surplus of profits from which they must take
to purchase gold in foreign markets and assist
in every way they can to forward products out
of the country instead of gold. 1 hey who are
enjoying these privileges secured to them must
do something toward turning the balance of
trade in our favor. This they will be compelled
to do for their own protection.
The third section provides—
That as soon as any portion of said gold notes
are placed in circulation, tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, required to suspend any
further contraction of the currency than may be
j effected by this act.
; This provision suspends contraction of the
$4,000,000 a month, and substitutes a contrac-
tion of about $2,000,000 to $2,250,000 per
month. You may say that these gold notes
will not go into general circulation. My re-
sponse is that they will answer a great want in
Xew York city, where all purchases of foreign
goods are now made for gold, and furnish a
paper currency to the Pacific coast based upon
gold. It would require for that coast alone
thirty to forty millions. This would give you
the specie as a basis to issue more gold notes
and retire more legal tenders.
The fourth section provides—
That the gold notes issued by the provisions of
this act may be held by banks as a reserve in place
of the same amount of legal-tender notes ; that the
said gold notes shall in all cases bo counted as a part
of the bank reserve required by law, and shall bo in
every respect lawful money and equivalent to gold,
receivable for customs and for the interest on the pub-
lic debt.
This provision explains itself. In case of
scarcity of legal tenders the banks can pro-
vide themselves with gold notes to hold as
a reseive instead of legal-tender notes. They
can also be used by individuals to pay their
taxes upon a gold basis, where they are made
up in that way, as is the case on the Pacific
coast; and those or gold coin would so be paid
if the next section is adopted, which provides—
That where individuals, corporations, companies,
or firm? makeup and return theirincome based upon
gold, the Secretary of tho Treasury may require their
income to be paid in like currency.
This section is intended to make the income
in gold larger by a portion of the taxes being paid
in gold, as would be the case on the Pacific.
Another plan would be by a foreign loan.
This I do not feel willing to advocate at this
time. It would add to our debt perhaps
$200,000,000, upon which we should be pay-
ing interest annually. I shall for the reasons
I have stated urge the passage of the bill in-
troduced by me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to refer the bill before the Senate to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, the bill (S.
No. 154) to provide for the issue of gold notes
in place of legal-tender notes, and to facilitate
resumption of specie payment, was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
executive session.
Mr. POMERO Y. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the doors are
closed, or while they are being closed, I ask
leave to make a motion that the Committee on
Finance be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of the Taylor
Orphan Asylum of Racine, Wisconsin. 1 am
informed by a gentleman of the committee
that it should properly be first presented in
the House of Representatives, as it affects the
revenue laws and asks for a change in the
revenue laws. I therefore ask to have the com-
mittee discharged fromitsfurtherconsideration
in order that I may have it presented in the
House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the motion, saying at the same time
that this idea of doing business after the order
is made to clear the galleries is never under-
stood very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It can be done by unan-
imous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and the committee will be
discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial referred to by the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now ask leave to with-
draw the memorial for the purpose of present-
ing it to the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after
some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 13, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Mr. COBURN. I have been requested to
state that my colleague [Mr. Orth] was absent
yesterday in consequence of sickness.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been re-
quested to ask leave of absence for an indefinite
time for Mr. Kelsey and Mr. Boutwell.
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted.
extra pay to government employes.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, in compliance with
theresolution of the House of the 11th instant,
relative to the amount of the twenty per cent,
allowance to the clerks and employes in his
Department for the year ending June 30, 1867.
Also, similar communications from the At-
torney General and the Superintendent of
Public Printing.
The communications were severally referred
to the joint Committee on Retrenchment, and
ordered to be printed.
index of documents and reports.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Houss
the folio wing letter from the Clerk of the House j
which was laid on the table:
Clerk's Office House of Representatives,
Washington", D. C., December 12, 1307.
Sin: I have the honorto reportthatin compliance
with a resolution of the House of Representatives
of February 7,1800,1 have had prepared and depos-
