522
SUPPLEMENT TO
proviso to the first section, he comes within the
body of that section; and if within the proviso,
he can only be removed by and with the advice
andconsentofthe Senate, andifhe comes within
the body of the act he can only be removed by
a, successor being appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. As the
President has removed Mr. Stanton without a
successor being appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and without
the Senate's having consented to such removal,
he has violated the law.
It has been argued that if the Secretary of War
is not within the proviso'he drops out of the
act and is not protected by it, because, as is
said, the office of Secretary of War is in the
proviso, and the officer must remain where his
office is; and as you cannot carry the office
back to the body of the act, so you cannot carry
tie officer there. The defect in this nice argu-
ment is that the body of the act as well as the
proviso speaks not of offices, but of persons—
the body of tire act, of every person holding
any civil office; and the proviso, of the Secre-
taries of State, Treasury, War, &c. So Mr.
Stanton, either under the body of the act or
the proviso, is placed under the protection of
the act.
But why should we be technical in constru-
ing a statute that is plain? The second sec-
tion enacts that whenever any officer (except
judges of the Supreme Court) appointed as
aforesaid—that is, appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate—shall during
a recess be guilty of misconduct in office, or
crime, or become incapable or legally disqual-
ified to perform his duties, in such case, and
in no other, the President may suspend such
officer} and within twenty days after the next
meeting of the Senate the President shall report
to the Senate the reasons for his action. If
the Senate concur in such suspension, and
consent to the removal of such officer, the
President may remove him; but if the Senate
shall refuse to concur in such suspension, such
officer so suspended shall resume the functions
of his office. Mr. Stanton is, beyond doubt,
included within the provisions of this second
section, being appointed-by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and has been treated
by the President as within the section by being
suspended under it.
And now, I insist, that if the President can
only suspend for cause during a recess of the
Senate, a fortiori, he cannot remove without
cause during the session of the Senate. What
an absurdity to hold that when the President
wants to be rid of an officer he has only a
limited power of temporary suspension, and
yet 1ms, at the same time, an unlimited power
of absolute removal! Of what possible efficacy
are the guarded limitations of suspension if, at
will, the President can arbitrarily remove? It
is from this view that we concludc that Mr.
Stanton is protected by the act, and that his
removal and the appointment of General
Thomas was a violation of the statute.
But may not the President have been mis-
taken as to the true interpretation of the law?
Some Senators do not now consider that Mr.
Stanton is under the protection of the law.
May not Mr. Johnson have fallen into the same
error?
It is not possible that Andrew Johnson did
not consider Mr. Stanton within the law,
because, during the recess of the Senate, he
suspended him under this law, and within the
limited period of twenty days submitted to the
Senate his reasons for such suspension; and
his counsel, [Mr. Groesbeek,] in argument,
stated that the suspension was made under the
act. Besides, there is no other authority under
which this proceeding could have been had.
If the Constitution conferred upon the Presi-
dent the power of removal, it knows of no
proceeding of suspension, trial by the Senate,
and restoration to the functions of office.
There are other facts which show that the
removal of Mr. Stanton was not the result of
any mistake. After the President had submit-
ted his reasons to the Senate and they had adju-
dicated against those reasons, and after he had
informed the Senate that he had now removed
Mr. Stanton and appointed General Thomas,
the Senate sent the President a resolution,
passed by that body, to the effect that he had
acted in violation of the Constitution and the
laws. The President did not annul the order
of removal and appointment, but, on the con-
trary, at the next meeting of the Senate, on
the 24th of February, 1868, sent them a mes-
sage stating, in substance, that if satisfied that
his removal of Mr. Stanton should involve his
own removal, he still would have removed him.
The House of Representatives then presented
articles of impeachment against him, and since
then, for a quarter of a year, Congress has
been engaged in the investigation relative to
this removal and appointment, but he has never
annulled those orders, but stands to-day con-
temning, not the Senate, but the sovereign
power of the nation—the law. Had Andrew
Johnson at any time withdrawn from his posi-
tion of defiance of that law which he is sworn
to execute, he might have pleaded that he was
mistaken. The Senate has spoken, the Rep-
resentatives of the people have spoken, and he
disregards their voice. He cannot plead the
views of individual Senators. Neither can he
plead the opinion of his Attorney General; for
no.offer that I know of was made to prove that
the Attorney General ever officially gave any
opinion to sustain the President's views, cer-
tainly no proof of such an opinion after the
President suspended Mr. Stanton under this
law. Before the nation and the world the
question Mr. Johnson forces us to determine
is, whether the law in America shall or shall
not be supreme. The issue joined now to be
settled is, where is lodged the ultimate power
of the nation—in one man or in the repre-
sentatives of the people ?
Such being the issues forced upon us, I feel
that we have no election but to stand by the
doctrine that po.wer is with the people.
Again, let us inquire whether the President's
purpose may not have been to test the consti-
tutionality of the tenuro-ofcivil-office act.
That act makes the consent of the Senate
necessary to the removal of certain civil officers
who can only be appointed by such consent.
The Constitution nowhere gives the President
the right to remove from office, and to hold
that he lias that power, even against the will
of the Senate, is virtually to destroy that pro-
vision of the Constitution which makes the
advice and consent of the Senate necessary to
au appointment. It is the same power that
appoints that has the right to remove. For
eighty years the removal from office has been
governed and regulated by law.
But, waiving the constitutional argument, is
the President to violate laws at pleasure on the
plea that he desires to ascertain their constitu-
tionality ? Does he not know that since the
formation of the Government not more than
two or three general laws have ever been de-
clared invalid? Could he not have taken some
less important case for the trial ? Three months
have transpired since the removal, and the first
step to make this test has not been taken. And
if this suit was now instituted it could not pos-
sibly be determined before March next. No,
such was not the President's purpose. After
the Senate refused to concur in his reasons for
Mr. Stanton's suspension his purpose was to
carry out his own arbitrary will in defiance of
the law and its authors.
2. Andrew Johnson having violated the law
as charged, the next question is, does such vio-
i! lation constitute a high misdemeanor?
|j The tenure-of-civil-office act, in its sixth
ji section, declares its violation to be a high mis-
|| demeanor; but that enactment is not conclu-
tj sive on the Senate, for if it were the legislative
ji branch of the Government, by mere statutes,
11 might destroy the power of the executive branch.
|: The Senate are called on to determine whether
j' the violation is such as, under the Constitution,
jj is subject-matter for impeachment and convic-
|j tion. ^
ii The Constitution makes treason and bribery
(crimes eminently affecting the State) and other
high crimes and misdemeanors impeachable.
The word "high," as qualifying misdemean-
ors, clearly intends to direct and restrict im-
peachment to such offenses as derive their
importance from the effect they have upon the
State.
Forgery, arson, and other crimes, so far as
the individual who perpetrates them is con-
cerned, are more serious and higher crimes
than the violation of a prohibitory statute like
the one in question, but, so far as the Gov-
ernment is concerned, may not be so import-
ant.
If the willful, defiant, persistent disregard of
law in a Chief Magistrate of a great people does
not constitute a high misdemeanor in office,
what does? The State is infinitely less inter-
ested in the personal dereliction of the official
than in a course of action, which, if tolerated,
saps and destroys the Government; and as
down to the present hour the law and its authors
are defied, we cannot do otherwise than declare
that such conduct constitutes a high misde-
meanor in office.
3. Isthisa case where the Senate by its ver-
dict should, in view of the well-being of society,
pass over the transgression, or should they
enforce the penalty of removal provided by the
Constitution?
On this point the tribunal trying the Presi-
dent act not only as a court and as jurors, but
act also as Senators, bound to look at the con-
dition and to the welfare of the country.
There are considerations bearing on the ques-
tion whether the penalty of the violated law shall
be enforced which seriously affect the welfare
of the nation. Among those considerations
are, Mr. Johnson's desertion, at the most
critical of periods, of the cherished principles
of the party that confided in and elected him;
his denial of the validity and constitutionality
of our Government as organized, which had
just been rescued at a great price from the
hands of treason ; the repetition of that senti-
ment from his lips by his counsel on the trial;
the declaration of his annual message that in
his controversy with Congress he had contem-
plated a resort to force; his encouraging a
spirit of discontent and disloyalty in the rebel
States by his offensive denunciations of the
reconstruction measures; his assuming, with-
out right, to establish governments in the
South which left the defenders of the Union
unprotected; his exertion of influence against
the adoption of the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution, to the ratification of which
the people fondly looked for national har-
mony ; his obstruction to the practical work-
ing of those measures of reconstruction which
the rejection of the amendment referred to
rendered necessary ; his pardoning of rebels
and his appointing them to office : the fact that
the distrust of Congress in the Chief Magis-
trate has been such that a due regard for the
Republic induced them to remain session,
to convene at unusual periods of the year, and
induced them to enact laws requiring all mili-
tary orders to be issued by the "General of
the Army,'' and prohibiting the removal of
that officer by the President; the general con-
viction that the unfortunate millions just re-
lieved from bondage at the South who have
been true to the Union are deprived of the
much needed protection of the Federal Gov-
! eminent. These, and many like considera-
tions, force us to the conclusion that if Andrew
Johnson has willfully violated the law its pen-
alty should be enforced.
But we are sworn that we will do '• impar-
tial justice" in the case, and to try the ques-
tion whether we may not be influenced by
prejudice let us apply a severe test.
Suppose that the tenure-of-civil-office act
had been in force during the administration
of Abraham Lincoln, and that distinguished
patriot had under the law, from some personal
pique, suspended Edwin M. Stanton, a man
who has organized more victories for freedom
than any living civilian ; suppose Mr. Lincoln
to have submitted his reasons for such suspen-
