172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13^
ited in tho Library of the House a digested index of
tho executive documents aud roports of committees
of the llon?c of Representatives from the year 1839 to
the close of tho Thirty-Ninth Congress, correspond-
ing with tho index of the same documents from tho
commencement of the Government to theclose of the
Twenty-Fourth Congress, for which no appropriation
will be required.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD McPIIEHSON,
Clerk nf the lluuse of lieprescntativet.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House ofJlcp-
retciitativca.
message from the senath.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the following-named bill and joint res-
olution, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
An act (H. It. No. 127) in relation to addi-
tional bounties; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 119) to author-
ize the Postmaster General to print live hun-
dred extra copies of his report and accom-
panying documents.
adjournment over.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that when
the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House agreed to adjourn
over, and to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the President's annual
message.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Farnsworth in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage, on which Mr. Van Trump was entitled
to the Boor.
impeachment.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Chairman, there
is some consolation in the reflection that
although we in the minority may be silenced
by the gag of the previous question in the
ordinary course of legislation involving the
highest interests of the country, yet there is
still left to us what was left to the persecuted
ones of old, the right of sanctuary, which we
happily find here in this olla-podrida, this
saturnalia of debate, this new Alsatia of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union! Sir, the remedy is absurd ; but we are
compelled to choose the least of two evils. It
is here, and in this way, we may occasionally
reach the ear of the country upon the great
questions in which the people, in these modern
days, are so deeply interested, and upon the
rightful determination of which may hang the
future destinies of the Republic. To a person
not acquainted with the practice of this House
it may seem out of place and out of season to
discuss measures already passed upon, and to
reply to speeches which have been printed and
gone into circulation days ago. But, sir, we
must take things as they are, ratified by custom
if not by common sense. As a member of the
minority in this House, and in times like these,
I am not content to let grave political fallacies
go upon the record of debate unanswered and
uncontradicted, and let them pass into history
unexposed and unrefuted. Such is not the
duty of the hour; these are times of transition
and revolution; and that member has no busi-
ness here if he has the power of speech at all,
who does not perform his duty by his voice as
well as his vote, whenever the opportunity
offers for its performance.
Sir, we are standing upon unstable ground,
and in slippery places. We sit here as legis-
lators in no ordinary times. We live in no
common-place age of the world, however
much common men may guide and control
the great events of the country. We are sur-
rounded by difficulties which cannot be easily
overrated; and are rapidly approaching events
which are destined to have a marked influence
upon the future destiny of free institutions.
We are beset with dangers which the most
obtuse apprehension cannot fail to compre-
hend. The delicacy of the situation is only
equaled by the unwisdom of its management
on the part of those who are alike responsible
for its existence and the terrible results which
J may flow from it. There is, sir, a most
J marked discordance between the grave import-
, ance of the crisis and the spirit which seeks
to govern and control it. Passion instead of
reason, prejudice instead of common sense,
mere partisan tactics instead of a clear-sighted
; and broad-minded statesmanship, rule the
great destinies of the hour, and shape the
whole mass of legislation with an unrelenting
and inexorable domination. All independ-
ent opinion, all individual will, action, con-
viction, are thrown beneath the crushing
wheels of the party Juggernaut upon every
subject involving the question of the restora-
tion of the country from the ravages of a
great civil war. Men naturally conservative
in their political instincts ; men disposed to i
stop short in pushing things to their last
extremity, by the mere force of party drill, !
and under the imperious decrees of that out- j
side but hidden tribunal which rules with a |
I rod of iron the majority on this floor, are I
l driven and dragooned into an unwilling sup- 1
j port of measures which in the quiet chambers
: of their consciences they condemn and abhor.
The fact that so serious a question as that of
deposing the Chief Magistrate of the country
by a process which was never dreamed of
[ being resorted to in the wildest periods of
partisan frenzy in all the past history of the j
i Government could be entertained and pros-
I ecuted for no higher purpose than the accom-
plishment of party ends, shows a degree of
recklessness and political revenge which, in
my opinion, does not augur favorably for the
peace and security of the future.
I cannot tell, Mr. Chairman, no man can
tell, how long this revolutionary spirit may last
or what may be its results in the future. If we
look to other and kindred periods in the history
of revolution ; if we look with open eyes and
thoughtful minds to that revolutionary move-
ment in England which began with the wrong3
and usurpations of James I and ended with
his unfortunate but misguided son Charles I;
or to that more horrid ebullition of passion
which had its imperceptible but none the less
actual beginning with the corrupt and arbi-
trary reign of Louis XIV and its bloody term-
ination long afterward with Louis XVI, in
France, we shall have presented to our obser-
vation beacon-lights to warn us and to guide
us if we are wise in the timely avoidance of
that dark and perilous path which leads to
inevitable revolution, in the factious and uncon-
stitutional assaults of one department of Gov-
ernment upon another. Nothing sooner kindles
the fires of civil discord, nothing more effectu-
ally paralyzes all trade and commerce and
throws the finances of a people into ruinous
disorder, than a struggle between the executive
and legislative power of a nation, in which at
last one or the other must go down. A con-
stitutional fabric of Government which had
stood for centuries in England went down in
the suicidal antagonism of such a conflict. It
is more than folly, Mr. Chairman, it is madness
to suppose that we are beyond such dangers
or exempt from such consequences. Forms
of government do not essentially change the
principles of human nature or give any new
or cardinal objects to human motives. God
Almighty has stamped His eternal law alike
upon all peoples and all forms of government.
His fiat is beyond our powers of repeal. If we
violate this law of our being, either as individ-
uals or as nations, we must accept its conse-
quences as a penalty for our disobedience,
whether we live in a republic or under a mon-
archy. Thus far our Government has withstood
this wonderful pressure. And yet, while it has j
apparently preserved its external formulas, no I
candid man will deny that it has undergone
the most radical transformations in its spirit
and fundamental principles. It has undergone
great and startling changes, not only in its
administrative functions but also in its consti-
tutional organism. While we may not hope,
Mr. Chairman, ever to be able to bring it back
to its original condition, such as it was when
passed into our hands by our fathers, it should
lie the aspiration of every true patriot, the
earnest effort of all good men of all parties, to
prevent a total subversion of its principles by
usurpation. To do this there must be a crush-
ing rebuke by the people of the lawless purposes
of the party now in power. Those purposes
are so patent " that he who runs may read."
A wild and revolutionary spirit, perhaps the
natural result of a great and demoralizing civil
war, has marked with an intense malignity
the policy of that party which has held the
reins of power in the inauguration, in the prog-
ress, and since the termination of that war.
Mr. Chairman, if I did not know that party
spirit is one of the strongest and most absorb-
ing passions in the human heart I would be
wholly at a loss to comprehend why it is that
the radical portion of the Republican party is
so desperately bent upon breaking down one
of the great departments of the Government.
Sir, it is not a long while ago that they stood in
quite a different relation to that same depart-
ment. Abraham Lincoln, recognizing the
supremacy of the Radicals, could arrest men
without warrant of law; imprison them for an
indefinite period without trial or accusation;
; order the trial of civilians by courts-martial
away from the seat of war, and where the civil
i tribunals had uninterrupted jurisdiction; sup-
press the liberty of speech and of the press ; ex-
ile free-born American citizens with the same
unchallenged facility that the czar of Russia
could expatriate his serfs to the snows of Sibe-
ria ; decide upon the status of sovereign States,
as in his proposed reconstruction of Arkansas,
with the flourish of a pen and with as little
ceremony as he would call a session of his
Cabinet council; all this was done and much
more, and yet we never heard a whisper of
impeachment from men who now so much
adore the Constitution that they shudder at the
thought of a veto, or go into spasms at the
removal of a village postmaster. But now
how changed is the scene. With a President
in the chair of State of their own choice; a
man who had unflinchingly stood by and sus-
tained them in all their administrative policy
during the war; a man who had braved all the
fierce hatred and threatened violence of his
southern fellow-citizens, with whom he had
radically differed upon the question of seces-
sion and the erection of an independent south-
ern confederacy; a man who, if he did not
approve, certainly never publicly disavowed
any of the lawless and unconstitutional pro-
ceedings of President Lincoln and his Cabinet
adopted during the great conflict of arms upon
the miserable and untenable plea of a " war
necessity. This man with this record thus to
commend him to their favorable consideration,
when the war was over and the southern peo-
ple had thrown down their arms and submitted
themselves to the Federal laws and constitu-
tional authority of the country, because he
wanted, in the full spirit of the high trust of
his place, to put the restoration of the Union
upon civilized and Christian grounds by binding
these States once more together in an equal
and common interest in ail the great rights
and privileges of a common Constitution for tho
benefit of the white man instead of the n^gro,
they are determined to crush and degrade, at
the expense of all law, in violation of the Con-
stitution, and in defiance of public opinion.
_ Sir, I do not stand here, nor do I claim the
right to stand here, as the special defender of
the President; but, sir, I cannot sit silently
here in my place in this House as one of tho
Representatives of the people and see a great
constitutional remedy, a grand judicial tribu-
nal intended by the Constitution to sit as a just
and dignified arbiter between the people and a
