56
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Deoember S,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachifneiit—Mr. Bbutwell.
40th Cons. ... 2d Sess.
does not delay the trial. He cannot challenge
the triers. Whoever is qualified as a Senator
is thereby authorized to act as a judge. The
Government is not bound to provide counsel
or to pay the expenses of witnesses for the
accused; nor can he avail himself of those
.technical rules relating to the verbiage of the
charge established by law and usage in purely
criminal proceedings, by whose aid the felon
often passes from the dock or the prison and
escapes the punishment due to his crimes.
An address to the throne would be resorted
to in those eases where the matter for which
the removal of a public offieer is sought is free
from color or'taint of criminality. This power
does not exist under the Constitution of the
United States; and inasmuch as its exercise
depends necessarily upon the concurrence and
action of the Executive it could not be resorted
to for the removal of the Executive.
It is unnecessary, and consequently unwise,
to anticipate the-result should the House and
Senate ever be called to consider the case of
an imbecile or insane executive or judicial
officer. Mr. Johnsoji is mentally competent for
the performance of his official duty, and the
only question is whether he has done acts that
legally and technically are "high crimes and
misdemeanors" in the sense in which those
words are used in the Constitution. Recently,
in a more formal manner than ever before,
the position has been taken that civil offi-
cers, including the President and Vice Presi-
dent, are not liable to removal by impeach-
ment unless proved guilty of acts that are
declared to be indictable high crimes or misde-
meanors by the written statute laws of the
United States.
In the presence of the fact that this tech-
nical theory of the law is a shield, operating
though not designed to protect Mr. Johnson
from responsibility for acts which, as I believe,
are high crimes and misdemeanors, according
to the principles of the English parliamentary
common law of crimes, 1 am led to make a full
statement of my views of the constitutional
powers of the two Houses of Congress for the
removal of civil officers by the process of im-
peachment.
In entering upon this branch of the subject
it is not out of place for me to slate that when
1 speak oi the English common law of crimes,
or the criminal common law of England, 1
mean that law as it was administered by Par-
liament in cases of impeachment. 'This law
was based upon the municipal criminal law. if
it did not in all particulars correspond to it.
Inasmuch as the process of impeachment
under the English system was a criminal
proceeding solely, and in that particular, as
already shown, distinguished from the process
by impeachment under our system, it natu-
rally happened, as in the ease of Lord Mel-
ville, that the lords declined to proceed when
the law judges gave the opinion that the charges
did not set forth an indictable offense. '
It is also true that the principles of the Eng-
lish criminal courts iti regard to the admission
of testimony, the nature of the proof, and the
rights of -the accused, prevail in courts of im-
peachment in this country; and this rather
from the necessity of the case than by virtue
of the Constitution or by specific authority
of law.
This practice shows how generally and thor-
oughly woven into our system of jurisprudence
is the English common law, and'how it is only
by violent wrenching of the whole system that
we escape from its control. We learn the
meaning of the words "pardon," ''reprieve,"
''jury," '' bribery," " crime," " cruel and un-
usual punishments," "good behavior," "fel-
ony," "breach of the peace." and even of
" impeachment," all words used in the Constitu-
tion, by reference to the English common law,
and this, by the necessity ot the case, sanc-
tioned by the authority of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and upon the ground
j that without such reference the Constitution
! would be inoperative and void; and yet when
I we propose to go to the same fountain of wis-
I dom for the meaning of the words "high
j crimes and misdemeanors" we are told that
these words are exceptions.
When, as is admitted, every other word used
in the Constitution and known to the common
law is interpreted by the common law, I ask
for the authority, the constitutional authority,
by which these words are made exceptions to
this great rule, incident to our public life, sanc-
tioned by the Constitution, and necessary to the
existence of the Government? Isitto befound
in the fact that these are general words and
not specific? The minority of the committee,
as 1 understand them, so assert and maintain.
They admit that if following the words " trea-
son" and " bribery" were the names of specific
crimes, as arson, burglary, and murder, there
would then remain no doubt that the com-
mission of a crime so specified would consti-
tute an impeachable offense. How does the
case now differ? It would have been impos-
sible to enumerate every crime and misde-
meanor in the Constitution, yet those acts
which by the English common law were high
crimes and misdemeanors" were perfectly well
known. Blackstone in successive chapters
has specified and named the acts which were
" climes and misdemeanors" under the general
head of public wiongs. He has divided tlieui
into five principal classes, described the acts
that were criminal, and given to each its name.
First, crimes against justice, among which
are mentioned bribery, perjury, barratry, main-
tenance, champerty, and other crimes well
known to the common law and the laws of
all civilized countries as crimes against justice.
Secondly, he enumerates under the head of
"crimes and misdemeanors" "primes against
peace," such as riots, carrying weapons, chal-
lenges, &e. Thirdly, he mentions "crimes
against trade," such as smuggling, owling,
&c. Fourthly, "crimes against health," such
as selling unwholesome provisions. Fifthly,
"crimes against the police or the public econ-
omy of the State," as bigamy, polygamy, nuis-
ances, &c. Can there beany doubt that when
our ancestors went to the common law of Eng-
land as it was laid, down by Blackstone and
selected treason and bribery as two great public
political crimes, thus indicating the nature of the
crimes which by the Constitution they intended
to make impeachable, and drew from Black-
stone, or even older authorities than Black-
stone, the intelligible and well understood
phrase, "other high crimes and misdemean-
ors," they intended to include those crimes
which were as well known to the common law
of England as were the crimes of treason and
perjury?
Blackstone also divided crimes and misde-
meanors into such as are more immediately
injurious to God and His holy religion ; such
as violate or transgress the law of nations ; such
as especially affect the king ; such as more
directly infringe the rights of the public or
commonwealth taken in its collective capacity ;
such as in a peculiar manner affect or injure
individuals. Under this last head he mentions
"murder,"'"mayhem," "abduction," "rape,"
"kidnapping," "false imprisonment."
Every lawyer and statesman in England and
America understood precisely what offenses
were embraced by the phrase "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
The division and enumeration made by Black-
stone was familiar to every court in England
and America, for the English common law
prevailed in all the thirteen colonies. More-
over, in the last days of royal power in Mas-
sachusetts, its House of Representatives, upon
the motion of John Adams, had impeached
Chief Justice Oliver of " high crimes and mis-
demeanors." And yet we are now told that
these solemn, majestic, omnipotent words of
the common law were used by the lawyers,
patriots, and statesmen of America in the most
important part of the Constitution without any
present meaning, destined to wait, and wait,
for Congress to breathe into them the breath
of life.
Nor can any enumeration in words meet all
the cases of misdemeanor in office which would
be the subject of impeachment, and Congress,
after a struggle with difficult^ which could
not be mastered, would finally flee for refuge
and security to some general phrase, and can
any be suggested better than the comprehen-
sive and well understood language employed
by the framers of the Constitution ?
Again, I say the view of the majority of the
committee does not rest solely upon contem-
poraneous history or ancient authorities. The
Supreme Court and the admissions of the mi-
nority of the committee fully sustain our posi-
tion. The word "bribery" is not defined by
the Constitution, and the minority admit what
the Supreme Court with the clearest reason
has declared, that for the definition of a com-
mon law word used, but not defined in the
Constitution, we must refer to the common
law and there ascertain its meaning. The
chairman goes to the common law for the
meaning of the word '" bribery.'' The general
and specific meaning of the words "high crimes
and misdemeanors" was as well known to the
common law as was the meaning of the word
"bribery." The decision of the Supreme
Court accepted by the minority of the commit-
tee refers us necessarily to the common law
for the meaning of the words " high ci hues and
misdemeanors," and that meaning it must be
admitted is not in any degree doubtful. Indeed
" bribery," as we have seen from Blaekstone's
arrangement, is one of the crimes embraced
under the head of crimes against justice in his
classification of crimes and misdemeanors to
which we are compelled to go to ascertain the
meaning of the word "" bribery," and wherein
also we cannot avoid seeing the names and
learning the nature of the other offenses in-
cluded under the general phrase "high crimes
and misdemeanors."
In pursuing this branch of inquiry I again
refer to the provisions of the Constitution,
already quoted, from which several distinct
powers are derived:
1. The House of Representatives has "the
sole power of impeachment." The word im-
peachment was known to the common law of
England ; and by the authority of the Supreme
Court of the United States every common law
word or phrase used in the Constitution is to
be interpreted and defined by the rules and
definitions of the English common law.
By that law the power of impeachment
included inquiry, the presentation of articles of
impeachment, and the prosecution of the case
before the Senate to final judsment, and all
this at the will of the House of Representatives.
2. The Senate has the sole power to try all
impeachments, and the sixth paragraph of the
third section of the second article makes provis-
ion in detail for the organization of the Senate
as a special judicial tribunal.
3. The Constitution enumerates the per-
sons who may be the subjects of impeachment,
to wit: " thePresident, \ ice President, and nil
civil officers of the United States," and by
necessary implication excludes all other per-
sons.
11ms does the Constitution create a court of
impeachment, composed of a body chaiged
with the duty of examination and prosecution,
a tiibunal to hear and decide with the juris-
diction as to persons prescribed and limited,
leaving nothing whatever to future legislative
discretion and action.
4. The Constitution specifies the acts which
render the "President, Vice President, and all
civil officers ' liable to impeachment, to wit:
'treason, bribery, or other high crimes and
misdemeanors."
The open and remaining questions are: did
