1867-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6?
40th Cons....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Bouhvell,
, Ho. of B.ep8.
these words have a specific and understood
meaning when the Constitution was made, or
did the men who framed it, the conventions and
the people who ratified it, leave these words
without meaning or force?
Is it not certain from the nature of the case,
from the provisions adopted, from the language
employed, that it was the design of the framers
of the Constitution to create a tribunal with
all the needful qualities and attributes of a
court, including a statement of the extent
and limits of its jurisdiction and authority^ in
regard to persons and offenses, leaving nothing
to legislative discretion and wisdom?
The meaning of the words "treason, bribery,
high crimes, misdemeanors," as used in the
common law of England and America, Was then
perfectly understood. The legal and general
literature of both countries is replete with evi-
dence in support of this statement. Could the
framers of tiie Constitution have used these
words without ascribing to them any meaning;
and if any meaning was ascribed to them what
meaning except that ascribed to them wherever
the English language was spoken or English
laws and customs prevailed? But the view I
am maintaining is not dependent upon infer-
ence, reason, or contemporaneous history even,
for a careful consideration of the clause in
question shows that, legislative action would
prove entirely impotent. • Assume that it is not
possible to impeach the President or any civil
officer for any offense of which he may be guilty,
unless such offense shall have been declared
previously by a law of the United Stales to
be an indictable high crime or misdemeanor.
But will it be assumed further on the one
hand that Congress may by law declare an act
to be a misdemeanor which, according to the
principles of the common law, contains no
one clement or quality of a crime, and upon
the doing of the thing inhibited proceed to
impeach and remove the President of the
United States from his office?
The statement of the proposition furnishes
its own refutation, and all just men must admit
that in the presence of the provision of the Con-
stitution now under consideration there is no
power in Congress available for the purpose of
laying a foundation for proceeding by impeach-
ment to declare an act a crime which would
not be so upon a judicial application of the
principles of the English common law.
On the other hand, can Congress by law
declare that acts which by the common judg-
ment of mankind are crimes are relieved from
all taint and impurity and that civil officers
who may be gmlty of those acts are free
from responsibility? Can the constitutional
powers of a court established under the Con-
stitution, and for the highest purposes known
to it, be thus annulled by an act of Congress
and the court itself rendered utterly incapable
of performing its only function, and that func-
tion essential to the existence of the Govern-
ment? Is it possible in the nature of the case
that the Fortieth Congress by law may limit
and control the House or Senate of a succeed-
ing Congress in the discharge of duties imposed
upon them by the Constitution ? Is it not, then,
true, if the power to legislate on the subject be
admitted, that Congress from the necessity of
the case can neither enlarge nor limit the
meaning or scope of the words used in the
Constitution?
Honest and constitutional legislation would
present the subject finally as it now appears in
the Constitution itself. Those acts, and those
only, would be "high crimes" which are so
according to the principles of the English par-
liamentary common law of crimes ; and those
acts would still be " misdemeanors " which are
so by virtue of the same principles. Thus,
upon an analysis of the subject, are we com-
pelled to fall back upon the phraseology and
substanc# of the constitutional provision we
are considering ; and most certainly we should
fre compelled by experience to fall back upon
its substance and phraseology if legislative
action were undertaken.
In continuing the analysis we see yet more
clearly how futile and dangerous all attempts
to legislate upon this subject will in the end
prove. .Treason is one of the offenses for which
civil officers are liable to impeachment. This
crime is defined by the Constitution, and will it
be contended that it is in the power of Congress
to enlarge, limit, or in any degree to qualify the
jurisdiction of the Senate when sitting as a
court for the trial of the President or other
officer charged with that crime?
If it be said that the circumstance that this
crime is defined in the Constitution has deprived
Congress of the power to legislate upon this
branch of the subject, and that its authority
is therefore limited to "bribery and other high
crimes and misdemeanors," it naj be stated
in answer that the Constitution did not create
the crime of treason, but simply limited the
definition of the crime to a single offense;
while by the common law of England it in-
cluded several distinct offenses. It should be
observed, however, that by the English law
every form of treason was a crime or mis-
demeanor, and while by the Constitution of
the United States only one of these forms is
declared to be treason the other acts still rest
in the class of crimes and misdemeanors.
Bribery was an offense as well known to and
as well defined by the common law of England
at the time the Constitution was framed as was
the crime of treason. The phrase "high
crimes and misdemeanors" had been in use
in the courts and in the books of England for
centuries.
Legislative wisdom is and over must be in-
capable of rendering the meaning of these
words more certain than it is when subjected
to the principles which lie at the foundation
of the English common law. The Constitu-
tion makes the President and all civil officers
liable to impeachment if guilty of bribery ; is
it to be assumed that this power in the Consti-
tution was to remain dormant until Congress
by law should declare what bribery is, and
what acts are acts of bribery : and also pro-
vide that bribery as defined by law shall be an
indictable offense? If it had happened, for
example, that an aspirant for the Presidency
at the organization of the Government had
bribed a sufficient number of electors to secure
his own election and to defeat the choice of the
people, would the country have been compelled
to submit to the administration of such a man
for four years, or would the House of Repre-
sentatives and Senate have proceeded under
the authority conferred by the Constitution to
impeach, to try, and remove him from office?
And be it remembered that although bribery is
named in the Constitution it was not, when the
Government was organized in 1789, an indict-
able offense, which the minority of the commit-
tee say it must be before it can be impeachable.
The Government was in existence from the 4th
day of March, 1789, to the 30th day of April,
1790, before a crimes act was passed, and dur-
ing that time neither treason nor bribery was
indictable bylaw in any court of the United
States. Will anybody say in view of this pro-
vision of the Constitution that our fathers
would have sat silently and submitted to the
administration of a man who was elected by
bribery, but whose offense was by no law of the
land indictable?
- Still further, it is constitutionally impossible
for Congress to declare that certain offenses
are crimes and misdemeanors everywhere and
under all circumstances within the territory of
the United StatSs. For example, the power
of Congress to provide for the punishment of
the crime of murder is limited to the forts and
arsenals, to the District of Columbia, and to
the Territories of the Union. Upon the the-
ory that those offenses only are impeachable
which are made crimes by the laws of the Uni-
ted States a civil officer might be guilty of mur-
der within the jurisdiction of a State where the
crime is not and cannot be punishable by any
law of Congress, and the House and Senate
would have no power to arraign, try, and
remove him from office. Practically it would
be found imppssible to anticipate by specific'
legislation all cases of misconduct which will
occur in the career of criminal men. At the
present moment we have no law which declares
that it shall be a high crime or fnisdemeanor
for the President to decline to recognize the
Congress of the United States, and yet should
he deny its lawful and constitutional existence
and authority, and thus virtually dissolve the
Government, would the House and Senate be
impotent and unable to proceed by process
of impeachment to secure his removal from
office?
The theory I am combating is virtually the
end of the Government. It offers substan-
tially free license to executive and judicial offi-
cers. Legislative wisdom has not yet attempted
to declare by statutory provisions what acts
executive and judicial officers may not law-
fully do, but when such wisdom shall have been
exercised for a century and exhausted the
President of the United States may examine and
avoid all statutes of restraint or inhibition, and
then fearlessly and successfully usurp power,
oppress tjiepeople, encouragediscord, promote
rebellion, corrupt public officers, humiliate and
disgrace the nation by multitudinous acts of
wrong, and there will be neither redress nor re-
lief. The theory thatwe must look to the statutes
of the United States alone, and that the Presi-
dent and other officers, as long as they do not
violate the criminal statute laws of the country',
may do any act or thing, however detrimental
to the public interests, however contrary to the
public morals, however heinous in its nature,
and still retain their offices, is a theory so at
variance with civilization, with the principles
of law, and with the existence of the Govern-
ment, that it ought not to receive our support
or countenance unless the language of the
Constitution imperatively requires us to yield
to its authority.
The history of the Government shows con-
clusively that this theory was not entertained
by its founders. The men who framed the
Constitution were for a quarter of a century in
the Government of the country, and they
never took one step or suggested that one step
should be taken for the purpose of rendering
the power of impeachment of practical value
if it be true that no act, however base, danger-
ous, or criminal, is a crime or misdemeanor in
the contemplation of the Constitution unless it
has been previously so declared by an act of
Congress and made an indictable offense. The
omission upon their part to legislate upon the
subject, with the knowledge they had as to the
meaning of the Constitution, would have been
criminal in character if they entertained the
opinion that legislation was necessary in order
to render the power of removal by impeach-
ment of any practical value for the preserva-
tion of the liberties of the country.
I now call the attention of the House to the
opinion of the Supreme Court given in 1812
touching the jurisdiction of the courts of the
United States, in which they held that the
courts have 110 common law criminal juris-
diction, and that such jurisdiction cannot be
taken unless aitthorized by an act of Congress.
The opinion was given in a ease which was
not fully argued, and it was not the unanimous
opinion of the court. But I have no occasion
to question its soundness. The courts of the
United States under the Constitution have no
common-law criminal jurisdiction, and for the
reason that the Constitution has not conferred
it upon them. The Senate of the United
States, as I maintain, as a high court of im-
peachment. has the power to deprive the 1 res-
. ident or any civil officer of his office who has
! been guilty of treason, bribery, or other high
i crime or misdemeanor, because the Constitu-
