1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
f
real criminal in the presidential office, con-
vened and perverted into a mere partisan
political machine to wreak party vengeance
upon a man in that high place for being more
faithful to the Constitution than he was to his
party at a time when that Constitution was
ruthlessly assailed by almost every act of the
party which is now persecuting him. I ewe
to the present incumbent of tlie presidential
office no party allegiance except the common
duty to defend him when he is assailed for
doing what I believe to be right, and to stand
by aud support him when he stands by and
supports the Constitution of my country. Ho
ha< no claim upon me to do more; and no
good man can discharge his plain duty to the
?eop!e and do less. No, sir; I sustain the
Resident from no motives of party. The party
to which I belong, and of which I am proud,
has been in no way recognized by him in the
administration of the Government. He has
distributed the great patronage of his place
more to their opponents than to themselves.
If he has taken any step at all toward party it
has been more to create a new one than to
affiliate with ours. All this the Democratic
party has seen and felt; but with a magna-
nimity of feeling and a nobleness of purpose
which does it the highest honor it has sus-
tained him everywhere in his efforts to uphold
the Constitution and to restore the Union.
He has fought the battle bravely, unflinchingly,
hopefully. There never was a higher instance
of self-will, a loftier defiance of danger and its
consequences, or a more self-possessed and
dignified assertion of right, against the formid-
able odds of organized and dominant power
in such a crisis, than was exhibited in this
Hall the other day when the manly sentiments
of his annual message fell upon your startled
ears like a thunderbolt from a clear sky. From
that moment impeachment was dead. No one
who witnessed that most remarkable scene
but saw and felt where victory and triumph
belonged. We support Andrew Johnson, not
because he is of us, but because he is with ns
in asserting the great principles of the Consti-
tution. Without surrendering a single line of
its organization, and without abandoning a
single principle by which it is governed, the
great Democratic party of the country will
now as heretofore stand by and sustain him in
his noble but unequal struggle with the enemies
of liberty and law.
Sir, you may persecnte him with all your
party spite; you may attempt to degrade him
in the eyes of the world; but you will, as a
party, have very much to improve your tem-
per and elevate the motives by which you are
actuated, if you do not want to insure him a
triumph which will make you look ridiculous
enough in all that time to come which will
retain the memory of the history you are now
making. Sir, the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] in his speech on
yesterday, made the assertion that the "cop-
perheads," as he had the refined and cultivated
taste to designate the Democrats, were "afraid
to stand by and support the President.'' Afraid
to stand by and support him, sir, when he is
right! When and where? Not in this Hall,
certainly. Let the gentleman point out the
time when the President stood against the Rad-
icals, and consequently by the Constitution,
the little Spartan band of Democrats on this
floor ever tailed to stand by and support him.
Sir, fear is a word not to be found in the Dem-
ocrat's vocabulary. I do not know what the
local experience of the gentleman may be
"way down in Tennessee," but in Ohio, in
the darkest days of that reign of terror which
equaled that of Danton and Robespierre in
everything except its blood; when bastiles and
bayonets ruled supreme over the law; when by
fraud as well as force the State elections were
carried against them by one hundred thousand
majority, the Democratic party never quailed
before its unrelenting foe, never yielded an
inch of its ground, or compromised a single
iota of its principles.
if the President of the United States had
been really guilty of any offense intended by
the Constitution to be punished by impeach-
ment and this House, standing as the popular
exponent of the will of the nation, in a decorous
earnestness and with a dignity of manner befit-
ting the occasion, had determined to submit
articles of impeachment against him, I know
of no ceremony belonging to the administra-
tion of the Government presenting a sublimer
spectacle than such a high and solemn pro-
ceeding. Such a scene with such a cause pre-
sented in this magnificent Hall would have
been in harmony with our historic recollections
of the great impeachments for the high crimes
and misdemeanors of a Bacon, a Stratford, and
a Hastings. But no man who witnessed the
remarkable scene enacted in this Hall a few
days ago will carry with him any very lasting
impression either of its dignity or its solemnity.
The tableau presented on that occasion did
not very forcibly remind one of the antique
grandeur of Pym in presenting the report for
an impeachment of the Earl of Stafford, or
the magnificent port of Burke in his thrilling
peroration to the charges against Warren Hast-
ings in the English House of Lords. Ahl no,
Mr. Chairman, our acting was more a farce
than a drama; it preseuted much more of the
ridiculous than the sublime; it would require
the histrionic genius of a Quin rather than that
of a Kemble to render its true spirit. What-
ever of dignity which might have belonged to
it was certainly not improved by the good-
humored face of an honorable gentleman
peering over the shoulder of the Clerk, while
reading so much of the majority report as the
House was willing to tolerate before dinner.
It was not such a scene, Mr. Chairman, with
its burlesque applause from the sable Olym-
pians thick crowding the galleries above and
around us, as was anticipated by some of our
friends on the other side of the House who had
been "longingly counting the days when Con-
gress should meet" to consummate its per-
formance. Why was it, sir, that these cere-
monies created no feeling of solemnity or
dignity ? Why was it that before one tenth of
! the report of the majority in favor of impeach-
I ment was read to the House the reading was
ordered to be dispensed with? Sir, I can tell
you why it was. It was because there was a
I general and instinctive impression among those
who were present that the whole thing was a
miserable party sham, got up for political effect
to save a sinking cause, and that there was no
reasonable or probable ground for its prosecu-
tion. It was because whatever of life had been
infused into it by the galvanic batteries of party
interest or of party hatred had long since been
squeezed out of it by the indiscretion of its
friends, and it was dragged into this House a
lifeless, disgusting corpse, when it should have
been decently interred in the sheltering privacy
of the committee-room.
Mr. Chairman, this process of impeachment,
under our Constitution, of the Chief Magis-
trate of a great nation, standing, as the Execu-
tive does, as one of the highest depositaries of
national dignity, was not intended to be con-
verted into a little piece of party machinery for
the purpose of exposing and punishing party
delinquencies and party peccadilloes on the
part of one of its members; but it was contem-
plated to be, when there was a just, or even an
apparent cause for the exercise of its solemn
jurisdiction, a great national criminal proceed-
ing, in behalf of the people and for the benefit
of the people, to pumsh and depose a bad and
wicked President for high crimes or high mis-
demeanors against the laws or the Constitution
of the country. This power of impeachment
was inserted in the Constitution by as earnest
and far-seeing a body of men as.ever met in a
deliberative assembly, after the most patient
and profound consideration as to its uses and
purposes. Looking to the danger of its being
used and controlled for party purposes in
periods of high party excitement the great
question before the Convention was, whether it
snould be given to the Senate or to the Supreme
Court. Sir, time will have to decide whether
the selection was a wise one or not in view of
the danger of political influence and prejudice.
While this power was in the main copied from
the British constitution, like every other legal
institution which we borrowed from the mother
country, it was intended to bo molded and
exercised and modified in accordance with the
great difference which existed both between
the executive and the legislative powers of the
two countries. In England there is no power
of impeaching the king as the executive branch
of the Government; for the reason that, by a
legal fiction in their constitution, the "king
can do no wrong." The power of impeach-
ment originated in England, as a part of the
judicial power in their constitution, in order to
check and punish the usurpations and rapacity
of the great ministers of the Crown in times of
great corruption and usurpation. It had its
origin away back as far as the twelfth century,
in an appeal to the throne, instead of the legis-
lature. Gradually, as the House of Commons
rose into importance, it was transferred to the
more popular branch of the Government. By
the common law, when the person of the wrong-
doer was amenable to this special jurisdiction
by reason of his official civil character, as the
incumbent of some public office, all crimes,
from those which incurred the death penalty
down to those punishable by fine only, were
impeachable before the House of Lords of the
English Parliament. This, sir, is quite a differ-
ent jurisdiction from that of the Senate of the
United States, the important reasons for and
the consequences of which I shall allude to
hereafter.
The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwell] was struck with an un-
common admiration of the rules of practice
and the law of the jurisdiction which govern
the English House of Lords as a high court
of impeachment. Sir, that body has no anal-
ogy to the Senate of the United States as a
like court of impeachment upon a question of
jurisdiction, because both courts are regulated
by constitutions and laws widely dissimilar and
peculiar to each country and not to both alike.
If I understand honorable gentlemen cor-
rectly, they claim the case against the Earl of
Macclesfield, tried in 1725, as sustaining their
view of what the law should be in an impeach-
ment under our Constitution. Sir, I am will-
ing to abide by the principles settled in that
case. I have had but little time to examine it,
but if I can appreciate the case it does not at
all decide that an impeachment will lie on an
offense not indictable at the common law or
by statute. A careful examination of the case,
which, with the single exception of the great
case against Warren Hastings, is perhaps one
of the most elaborate and important cases of
impeachment ever tried in England, I think
will show that every one of the twenty-one
articles exhibited against him was based upon
some crime, declared to be such either by stat-
ute or at common law. The learned and emi-
nent counsel for the earl argued strenuously
that some of the acts complained of did not
come within the purview of the statute or the
common law. Why did they do so? They
did so for the same reason that the minority
of the Judiciary Committee in their counter
report, now upon our tables, maintained^ that
none of the acts charged against the President
came within the meaning of the terms used in
our Constitution. If the position of the Eng-
lish lawyers or of the minority of the commit-
tee here is correct, then the impeachment must
fail in either case, for the reason that there is
no act declared by the law to be a crime upon
which to support the articles.
The point raised by counsel in the House of
Lords was simply a question of statutory con-
struction, in their judgment upon which the
lords might or might not be correct. It would
not touch the question now mooted, to wit: the
necessity for an indictable offense to support
impeachment unless expressly so decided; that
is to say, if it had been claimed by the Earl of
Macclesfield that the acts he was charged with
did not come within the meaning of the statute
