1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Government, when lie assumes to decide what
laws are constitutional and what unconstitu-
tional, what laws he will obey and what he will
disobey, we, as the Representatives of the peo-
ple of the United States, are alone responsible
if we fail to do onr duty in holding him to a
strict accountability.
Of the articles of impeachment now before us,
reported by the committee raised for that pur-
pose, nine are founded on that great and over-
reaching transgression of the Constitution and
the laws committed by Andrew Johnson on
the 21st of the present month. Sir, is it pos-
sible that in this nineteenth century, in this
year of our Lord 186b, the President of the
United States should undertake to set at de-
fiance a law of the plainest and most impera-
tive character; that in the face of the Con-
gress of the United States, in the face of his
solemn official oath, in the face of all the ob-
ligations resting upon him, he should under-
take to override actear and unmistakable stat-
ute of the United States, one of those laws
which it is his bonnden duty to see "faithfully
executed." I refer, of course, to the tenure-
of-office act of March 2, 1867.
Now, sir, it is argued by the friends of the
President of the United States, on the other
side of the House, that this law is relieved of
its binding force upon the President by reason
of laws \yhich were passed previously. Sir, I
do not pretend to be a jurist; but 1 appeal to
the sound sense of an honest people and an
enlightened judiciary to say whether it is not
a universal legal rule that where a subsequent
law comes in direct conflict with a prior law
the prior law is rendered null and void.
Sir, we have presented to us in these articles
of impeachment ati array of all the facts which
have been publicly proclaimed from the hand
oi the President of the United States himself.
The documents emanating from the President
himself exhibit his action in too clear a light
to be misunderstood. He has assumed to re-
move fiotn office the Secretary of War, known
and recognized aa such by the highest legis-
lative authority ; he has undertaken to remove
this officer and appoint another in his stead,
when the Constitution lias expressly declared
that the only power of the President in this
regard shall be a power to make nomination
to the Senate when vacancies occur. Let me
read a paragraph from the second section of
article two of the Constitution of the United
States. It declares with reference to the Pres-
ident that—
"He shallhavo power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two t birds of theHenatorspresenteoncurj and he shall
nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate shall appoint, embassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, judges of thoSupremo Court,
and all otherofiieers of the United States whoso ap-
pointments are not herein other wise provided for, anfl
which shall be established by law. iiutthc Congress
may by law vest the appointment of such inferior
oiiiceis as they think proper in the President alone,
in the courts of law, or m the heads of Depaitmcnts."
Congress baa seen fit to make the appoint-
ing power coeval with another body ; it must
' depend for its sanction and existence upon
the concurrence of the Senate. No power what-
ever is granted to the President by this solemn
instrument, this Constitution which Mr. John-
son "when swinging round the circle" took
pleasure in distributing from his pocket among
his Democratic, consenative, copper-bottomed
friends at the Noitli, until he had emptied his
pockets of all lie had, and thereby depiived
himself of the benefit of a solitary copy for his
own use at the White House. [Laughter.]
Consequently he has no constitutional moni-
tor there staring him in the face and telling
liim when he is wrong.
What further does this same article say?
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vneancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by granting commissions which shall ex-
piie at the end of their next session.''
How, in the name of common sense, in ac-
cordance with that provision, in accordance
with his oath and his conscience, can he declare
that as President of the United States he is
justified in the act which he has taken upon
himself to perform, in declaring vacant the
office of Secretary of War, and putting in the
place of the man he has undertaken to remove
another man ? In the face and eyes ot that
provision he has ordered Mr. Stanton to va-
cate and General Thomas to walk in. He
has undertaken to do this with no other author-
ity than the power that is in "me," Andrew
Johnson, "monarch of all I survey." Sir,
despotism and monarchy lie at the bottom of
the whole movement, and I am not speaking
at random when I so declare.
Now, Mr. Chairman, look at the stretch of
power which this man has undertaken to as-
sume. It is a warning not only to this House
but to every solitary citizen in the broad ex-
panse of the continent of America, whose duty
it is to guard with eternal vigilance the citadel
of liberty, and in doing so to scan the acts of
the Presidentund watch him with a jealous eye.
What do you lind him doing that determines
his guilt? In the first place, what does the
Constitution bind the President to do ? Why,
sir, in extraordinary occurrences it is his duty to
call Congress together. Now, I putit to every
member of this House, to every person in the
sound of my voice, and to every citizen of the
country, whether there ever has occurred in
the history of the United States a more extraor-
dinary event than the surrender ot the rebel
army with their millions of bloody hands and
desperate hearts? Drunk with the blood of
loyal men alter four years of rebellion they
were compelled to lay down their arms. Was
not that a grand epoch in the history of the
United States? Andyethewho eameintothe
presidential chair through the act of an assas-
sin from the ranks of the rebel party, this acci-
dental President now foisted on the country,
instead of calling Congress together to take
action on the occasion, undertakes himself to
set up civil governments in the rebel Stales.
Where did he get that authority in the Consti-
tution, my Democratic friends? Show me the
clause or the word that gives liim the right to
declare that States in rebellion, which had cut
themselves loose from every political ligature
that bound them to this Government, which
had become public eucniies, he himself being
witness that they wcrewithout the Government
of the United Stales and without a vestige of
legal civil authority—where did beget the right
of setting up civil governments for those States
which he declared had been broken up and
were without the pale of the Constitution?
Whenwehad conquered the rebelsand captured
their armies the President assumed the right to
determine all these political questions for him-
self, thus becoming the sole legislator, the Nero
of our day. Why, Kir, the Czar of Russia has
never assumed moie despotic power and more
absolute sway than the President of the United
States, and the Democratic party with one
voice say "Amen" to it. It is very natural,
however, I suppose, as long as it is their bull
which has gored our ox. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Chairman, I take ad-
vantage of this fragment of time to give notice
of an intended amendment which 1 propose to
move to these articles of impeachment. It
will be substantially a new article, not an
amendment to either of them as it now stands.
I propose to set out the facts alleged by the
committee in their report and some others,
and to couple them with the averment that
the acts and declarations of the President show
an intent to exercise the power and authority
of Commander-in-Chief ot the Army and Navy
of the United States in a manner not in accord
with the rules established for the government
of the land and naval forces by the acts of
Congress. The Constitution vests in Congress
the sole power to raise and support armies,
the sole power to make rules and regulations
for the government of the land and naval forces
of the United States. It makes the President
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy;
that is, of the land and naval forces of the Uni-
ted States. As such Commander-in-Chief he is
as much bound to obey the rules established
by Congress as the lowest subaltern officer.
And I propose to charge that these acts set
forth by the committee have been done, and
the declarations accompanying these acts show
a criminal intent to exercise that power and
authority in viol.uion of the acts of Congress, in
violation of the Constitution, and that he has
no right or authority to do or to induce others
to do what he has done or attempted to per-
suade others to do in violation of their duty
as established by law. Perhaps an amendment
containing this averment should be introduced
into some other of the articles, and to it I call
the attention of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope the gentleman
from Rhode Island will prepare an article.
Possibly it would be better as a separate
article, as far as I can judge now.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to do so, and will
present it mion that single idea.
Mr. BUTLER obtained the floor.
The hour of half past five o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the committee took a recess
until Monday morning at ten o'clock a. m.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBB: The claim of Jane E. Hitch-
cock, of Green county, Wisconsin, widow of
lliram Hitchcock, late hospital steward eight-
eenth regiment West Virginia infantry, for a
pension.
By Mr. GARFIELD: A memorial of the
Union League Club of New York, asking that
medals be given to soldiers of the late war.
By Mr. HILL: A petition for alteration in
the pension laws.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of William K. Grayson, of Wood
county, West Virginia, asking relief from the
sentence of a court-martial.
By Mr. KITCHEN: The petition of J. W.
Yantis and 210 others, citizens of Harpers'
Ferry, Jefferson county, West Virginia, pray-
ing an appropriation to aid them in rebuilding
the wall around the cemetery at the above-
named place, which was destroyed by the
Union troops during the late rebellion.
Also, the petition of Mrs. L. A. Gittings,
of Montgomery county, Maryland, praying
that her name be placed upon the pension-
rolls.
By Mr. KELLEY: Three petitions from
printers and type-founders of Philadelphia,
against the passage of an international copy-
right law.
By Mr. O'NEILL: Thepetitionoftheeditors
of all the weekly newspapers published in the
city of Philadelphia, claiming their rights ac-
corded by act of Congress, approved March
3, 1863. allowing publishers of weekly papers
to send each actual subscriber within the
county where the paper is published one
copy free of postage ; showing that in defiance
of this law they are now charged fiftv-two
cents per year for each paper sent to a sub-
scriber, and asking that they may be relieved
from this unequal burden of taxation, which
discriminates only against the city of Philadel-
phia, and that^the law be complied with.
Also, the petition of leading printers of Phila-
delphia, numerously signed, asking Congress
not to enact an international copy-right law,
such a project being prejudicial to the book
anu publishing interests of our country.
By Mr. PE1ERS : The remonstrance of S.
Iv. Jackson and others against the abolition of
commutation of servant's pay.
AFTER THE RECESS.
The Committee of the Whole on the articles
of impeachment against the President of the-
United States resumed its session at ten o'clock
a. m [Monday, March 2,] and Mr. Eliot took
the chair temporarily.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, m the hunted spaco oi* time allowed for
