2582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mi*. ELDRIDGE. Then I move that the
rules be suspended, in order that I may submit
for consideration the following resolution :
Revolved, That it was not the purpose or intention
of this House to authorize the committee of man-
Hirers, and it hereby denies the power or authoiity
ot said wana-erers, under the Constitution, to require
persons called before them as witnesses to produce
or givo evidence with reference to their personaland
private papers; arid that, in the opinion of this
House, private and personal telegrams are within
the provision of article four of the amendments to
the Constitution, which provides that—
" The right of the people to be secure in their par-
sons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable
searches and seizures stiali not be violated, and no
warrants shall is^ue but upon probableeause, sap-
ported by oath or affirmation, and particularly de-
scribing the place to be searched and the persons or
things to be seized"—
And that any violation of therightsintended to be
secured by said article is an outrage upon personal
liberty which no free people can tolerate or sub-
mit to.
The question was upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. If the House shall
now adjourn, will this motion to suspend the
rules come up to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It will come up on Mon-
day next after the mornipg hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order to move
to adjourn pending a motion to suspend the
rules?
The SPEAKER. Pending a motion to sus-
pend the rules a motion to adjourn is in order.
CONSTITUTION OF GEORGIA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United Stales, concerning the constitu-
tion of the State of Georgia; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
ON EOT A AND CATAWBA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a message from
the President of the United States, in regard to
the sale of the Oneota and Catawba; which
was referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 21, not voting
87 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos 11.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Boaman, .Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Brotmvell,
Cake, Cary, Chuiohill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Dixon, Dodjre, liriggs, Kla,
Eliot, Fernss. Ferry, Fields, Uarfield, Gravely, Hard-
ing, lligby, Hooper, Hopkins, Cheater 1). Hubbard,
Hunter, Lngersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kelsey, Kiteben,
Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Mc-
Carthy, McCIurg, Mereur, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Pike, PoUley, Rauni, Robertson.
Sawyer, Sehcnck, Seotield, Smith, Starkweather,
Aaron lf. Stevens, Stokes. Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Eiihu
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn. William Wil-
liams, JamesF. Wilson, Windom.and Woodbridge—SI.
_NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Eld-
ridge, Oetz.Glossbrenner, Goliad ay. Grover, Johnson,
Jones. Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Morgan,
Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Taber, and Lawrence S.'l'rim-
bi e—21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Axtell,
Bailey, Barnes, Barnuin, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin,
Bingham, Broomall, Buck!and, Butler,Giianler.Oook,
Cornell, Oovode, Cullom, Dawes, Donnelly, tfekley,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Griswold,
Haisrht. TIalsey, Hawkins, Hill, llolman, Hotclikiss,
Aaaltel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Judd. Kelley.Ketoham, Lincoln, Logan,
Marvin. Maynard. MeCullough, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morrell, Morrissey, Muilins, Mungen, New-
eomb, N lblaek, N icholson, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pile,
Plants, Poland. Pomeroy, Price, Robinson, Selye,
Shanks, Sheilabarger, Sitgroaves. Spalding, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stewart, Stone,Thomas, Johr. Trimble,
Twicbell, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Van Wyclc, Ward, Cadwalader C..Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams. John T.
Wilson.StephenF. Wilson, Wood,and Woodward—87.
So the motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock a. m.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
^ By Mr. ANDERSON : The petition of Sarah
E. Herring, asking the passage of an act au-
thorizing the Second Auditor to consider the
public property chargeable to her husband,
Captain George L. Herring, deceased, late
captain company E, third regiment Missouri
State militia, as properly accounted for.
By Mr. BANKS: the memorial of the
American Geographical and Statistical Society
of New York city, praying that the earliest
possible action be taken to secure a proper
survey of the coast and territory of Alaska by
the officers of the Coast Survey and others.
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of 56 miners
and citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petitions of 348 coal-miners in
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, setting forth
that owing to foreign competition their indus-
try is greatly depressed and many of the trade
are out of employment, and praying for addi-
tional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 111 workers in Weimer's
Machine Works, Lebanon, Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that owing to foreign competition
their industry is greatly depressed and many
ofthe trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 08 iron-workers in Leba-
non county, Pennsylvania, se'ting forth that
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade, are
out of employment, aud praying for additional
protective duties.
. By Mr. ELIOT : The petition of Niles Til-
den and others, cigar manufacturers of New
Bedford, Massachusetts, relating to tax on
cigars.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of Mrs.
Mary A. Lovel, widow of Colonel R. S. G.
Lovel, for an increase of pension.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of John Shaafer
and 77 others, iron-workers at Reading,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing to foreign
competition their industry is greatly depressed,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 97 iron-workers in
Reading, Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing
to foreign competition their industry is greatly
depressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional protect-
ive duties.
Also, the petition of A. C. Oaks and G4
others, iron-workers in Reading Hardware
Works, setting forth that, owing to foreign
competition, their industry is greatly depressed
aud many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 92 iron-workers at
Birdsborough, Pennsylvania, setting forth that,
owing to foreign competition, their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 116 iron-workers in
Berks county, Pennsylvania, complaining of
the depression of industry, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 19 iron-workers of
Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying that Con-
gress will resume consideration of the tariff
bill which failed in the House March, 1867,
and enact it into a law at the earliest practi-
cable moment.
By Mr. GLOSSBRENNER: The petition
of 53 workers in iron at Pine Grove furnace
and forge, in the State of Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that, owing to foreign competition,
their industry is greatly depressed and many
of their trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, a memorial of 23 cigar manufacturers,
journeymen cigar-makers, and dealers in cigars,
citizens of York county, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against the proposed change of rate
of tax upon cigars from five dollars to ten dol-
lars per thousand.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The protest, of R. L.
Wilson and 50 others, late officers in the Army,
against the passage of a certain bill respecting
bounties.
Also, the petition of Z. Jones and several
others, late employes in the commissary de-
partment of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying for the additional pay of twenty per
cent.
Also, the petition of Catharine Bauman, of
Washington, District of Columbia, prayingfor
the payment of $17,800 for damages to her
property for which she claims the United States
Government is liable.
By Mr. JOHNSON: A memorial of the
Legislature of the State of California, asking
an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor of San Diego.
Also, a memorial in relation to the Mendo-
cino Indian reservation.
Also, a joint resolution in regard to the
illegal arrest of American citizens.
Also, a memorial asking an appropriation
to complete the survey of the public lauds in
California.
Also, a joint resolution asking the removal
of the tax on California grape brandy.
Also, a memorial asking indemnity for prop-
erty destroyed by Indians.
Also, a memorial asking that railroad lands
in California be open to settlement.
Also, a memorial praying the erection of a
light-house, &c.
Also, a memorial asking a grant of lands in
the construction of a southern railroad to the
Pacific.
Also, a memorial asking aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad in California.
Also, a memorial asking aid in the construc-
tion of certain roads in California.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of sundry
postmasters in Wayne and Randolph counties,
in Indiana, praying a change in mail route
12064, with corresponding mail service.
By Mr. KERR: A memorial of L. H.
Willard, F. i*. Merrill, and Joseph Holland,
for a bill to authorize the registry of the bark
Carlota as an American vessel.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of 95 iron-
workers in Hopewell, Pennsylvania, setting
forth that, owing to foreign competition, their
industry is greatly depressed and many of the
trade are out of employment, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 79 coal-workers at Six
Mile Run, Pennsylvania, setting forth that,
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 35 workers in Caledonia
iron works at Graeffenburg, Adams county,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing to for-
eign competition, their industry is greatly de-
pressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of John Hanna, and 59
others, citizens of Harnetsville and vicinity in
Somerset county. Pennsylvania, engaged in
farming and other trades, complaining of the
depression of industry, and praying for such
increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
1 country.
I By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
! The petition and document of Bryan Tyson,
| for additional allowance for carrying mails.
I By Mr. MERCUlt: The petition of 105
| workers in iron, in Columbia county, Penn-
| sylvania,^ setting forth that, owing to foreign
i competition their industry is greatly depressed
! and many of the trade are out of employment,
; and praying for additional protective duties,
i _ Also, the petition of 111 iron-workers in Dan-
| ville, Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing
' to foreign competition, their industry is greatly
1 depressed and many of the trade are out of
