1867.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Boutwell.
Ho. oi? Reps.
officer, and therefore the case was disposed of
upon a point of law.
But what did the Senate do? By a vote of
twenty-five to one they expelled William Blount
from the Senate, and in the resolution of expul-
sion it was expressly declared that he had been
guilty of a high misdemeanor. Therefore in
the case of William Blount we have the judg-
ment of the House of Representatives of 1797
and the judgment of the Senate of 1797 that
an offense which, as set forth in the charges
preferred by the House, was not an indictable
ofFense; was nevertheless a high misdemeanor.
Judge Story, in commenting upon the action
of the Senate, says:
"It may be supposed that the first oharge in the
article of impeachment against William Blount was
a statutable offense, but on an accurate examination
of the act of 1794 it will be found not to have been so."
The next case is that of Judge Chase, an
associate justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, a signer of the Declaration of
Independence, a member of the Convention
that framed the Constitution of the United
States, a learned lawyer, present, making his
answer and managing his own cause before the
Senate. Upon the eighth article there were
nineteen votes in the Senate for conviction and
fifteen for acquittal. He had been impeached
by the House of Representatives for high crimes
and misdemeanors. By a majority of the Sen-
ate, but not by the requisite two thirds major-
ity, it was declared that under the eighth article
he was guilty of high crimes and misdemean-
ors. What is set up in the eighth article ? If
the House will bear with me I think it would
be not uninstruclive to listen to the concise
statement of the grounds on which the House
of Representatives, in 1801, proceeded to carry
the case of Judge Chase before the Senate of
the United Stales.
The eighth article is in these words :
" And whereas mutual respect and confidence be-
tween the Government of the United States and those
of the individual States, and between the people and
those governments, respectively, are highly condu-
cive to that public harmony without which there can
bo no public happiness, yet thes ud Samuel Chase,
disregarding the duties and dignity of his judicial
character, did, at the circuit court for the district of
.Maryland, held at Baltimore in the month of May,
1303, pervert his official right and duty to addsess tho
grand jury then and there assembled, on thefnatters
coming within the province of tho said jury, for tho
purpose of delivering to tho saidgi and jiuy an intem-
perate ancf inflammatory political harangue, with
intent to cxcite the fears and resentment of the said
grand jury, and of tho good people of Maryland
against their Stato government and constitution, a
conduct highly censurable in any, but peculiarly
indecent and unbecoming in a judge of tho Supreme
Court of the United States; and, moreover, that the
said Samuel Chase, then and there, under pretenso
of exercising his judicial right to address the said
grand jury, as aforesaid, did, in a manner highly
unwarrantable, endeavor to excitc tho odium of the
said grand jury, and of the good people of Maryland
against tho Government of tho United< States by
delivering opinions which, even if thcjudiciary wore
competent to their expression, on a suitable occasion
and m a proper manner, were, at that time, and as
delivered by him, highly indecent, extra-judicial,
and tending to prostitute the high judicial charactcr
■with which he was invested to the low purpose of
an electioneering partisan."
That was the eighth of the articles pre-
ferred in 1804 by the House of liepresenta-
tives of the United States against a justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
he did not, upon the record, venture to risk
his case upon the question of law. He took
the judgment of the Senate upon the whole
question, the law and the fact combined ; and
by a vote of four only escaped conviction of
high crimes and misdemeanors upon the arti-
cle, which I have now read, from the first to
the last words thereof.
The next case was that of Judge Pickering,
of New Hampshire. I will read the fourth of
the articles upon which he was convicted. I
will say here, what perhaps I might have said
elsewhere, that we stand, not upon the doc-
trine that indictable offenses by the statutes of
the United States are not under some circum-
stances and when of a certain character im-
peachable, but if we find in the proceedings
of our ancestors that on. any occasion in any
array of articles against an offender there is a
single article which does not set forth an indicta-
ble offense, and the party was convicted upon
that article, it sustains our position as fully
ae though none of the articles set forth an
indictable offense. Therefore it is with great
confidence that I call the attention of the
House to this particular article against Judge
Pickering, which does not contain an indicta-
ble offense under the laws of the United States.
I suppose it would be difficult to frame a statute
of the United States which would make the
substance of this charge an indictable offense*
The fourth article upon which Judge Pickering
was tried and convicted is as follows:
" That whereas for the duo, faithfnl, and impartial
administration of justice, temperance and sobriety
are essential qualities in tho charactcr of a judge,
yotthe said. John Pickering, being a man of loose
morals and intemperate habits, on the 11th and 12th
days of November, in the year 1802, being then judge
of the district court in and for tho district of New
Hampshire, did appoar upon tho bench of tho said
court for the purpose of administering justice in a
stato of total intoxication, produced by the fre-o and
intemperate use of inebriating liquors; and did then
and there frequently, in a mostprofanc andindcccnt
manner, invoke the name of the Supremo Being, to
the evil example of all the good citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and was then and there guilty of other
high misdemeanors disgraceful to his own charactcr
as a judge, and degrading to the honor and dignity
of the United States."
These were tho idea:? which our ancestors
entertained of the character of a public officer.
They felt that the dignity of the nation required
that a judge should be clear in his high office.
CJpon that article, containing no one element
ot an indictable offense by any law of the
United States then existing, he was found
guilty and removed from his office.
Before passing from the case of Judge Pick-
ering I desire to call attention to a view tak<?h
of his trial by the minority of the committee.
Upon the question "guilty*' or "not guilty"
of the charges set out in the fourth articlo the
yeas were 19 and the nays 7. It is stated sub-
stantially in the report of the minority (I do
not profess to quote the exact words) that the
finding was, in a certain sense, a political and
partisan judgment. It may be true that tho
men who voted for the couviction of Judge
Pickering were of oncpa 'ty: but 1 think the
record shows that it was not by one party that
he was removed from office. Five Senators,
members of the court, refused to vote. If those
five had voted in the negative Judge Pickering
would have been acquitted. Why did those
five gen'lemen refuse to vote ? The record
shows. The son of Judge Pickering sent a
memorial to thePr^^ident of the Senate, .^oiling
forth that bis father was then inline; that, lie was
insane when he exhibited himself intoxicated
upon the bcnch ; that for t>vo years previous to
that time he had been insane: and that therefore
he was not responsible for what he had done.
It is important for the House to see how
these five men, whet had it; in their power to
save Judge Pickering from conviction by the
Senate, to save his reputation, acted on that
occasion. Senators Armstrong. Bradley. Stone,
Dayton, and White retired from the court, and
the record shows that tho two last, Dayton and
White, did this, not because they believed Judge
Pickering guilty of high crimes and misde-
meanors. (leaving it to be inferred that Arm-
strong, Bradley, and Stone did believe him
guilty of high enmos and misdemeanors,) but
because they did not choose to be compelled to
give so solemn a vote upon a form of question
which they considered unfair and calculated to
preclude them from giving any distinct and ex-
plicit opinion upon the true and most important
point in the case, namely, as to the insanity of
Judge Pickering, and whether the charges con-
tained in the articles of impeachment, if true,
amounted in him—i)i him—to high crimes and
misdemeanors ; thereby upon the record admit-
ting that if the question of insanity had not been
raised there would have been no doubt as to
the character of the offenses charged as high
crimes and misdemeanors. Senator Dayton,
one of the Senators who retired, said:
" They wero simply to be allowed to vote whether
Judge Pickering was guilty as charged—that is, guilty
of tho facts charged in cach article—ayo or no. If
voted guilty of the facts, the scntencewas to follow,
without any previous question whether those facts
amounted to a high crime or misdemeanor. The latent
reason of this course was too obvious. There wero
members who wero disposed to give sentence of re-
moval against this unhappy judge upon the ground
of the facts alleged and proved, who could not, how-
ever,conscientiously vote that they amounted to high
crimes and misdemeanors, especially when commit-
ted by a man proved at the very time to be insane,
and to have been so ever since, oven to the present
moment."
It therefore is clear, I think, from the action
of the court in the case of Judge Pickering,
that there was really no substantial difference
of opinion upon the main question in which
we are now concerned, which is, not whether
Judge Pickering was insane, but whether the
fourth article, one of the articles on which he
was convicted, set forth impeachable high
crimes and misdemeanors. Therefore, not-
withstanding there may have been an irregu-
larity, an informality, even an impropriety in
the character of the question put to the court,
it still remains true that upon the record a
majority of more than two thirds of that court
believed that the fourth article charged the
respondent with impeachable high crimes and
misdemeanors.
I come now to the last ease—a very recent
one—the case of Judge Humphreys, who in
the year 3801 was removed from his office as
judge of the district court of Tennessee. Judge
Humphreys was convicted upon each of tho
seven articles which were presented before the
Senate, with the exception of a portion of one
of the specifications under one of the articles.
The first article on which he was convicted
(and we are compelled to assume that if it had
been the only article he would have been con-
victed and removed from office) does not—and
I speak with great confidence—set forth an
indictable offense. Trespassing as I know 1
do upon the patience of the House, I still think
that the view of the case I am presenting would
be incomplete if -I did not read that article in
full to the House that i may have its judgment
upon the question whether or not the offense
set forth is indictable.
The first article was in these words :
"That. r("TArdlf^s of his duties as a citizen of the
United States, and^ unmindful of tho duties of his
said office, and in violation of the sacred obligation
of his official oata, 'to administer justice without
respect to person.-.''and faithfully and impaitially
discharge all tho duties incumbent upon him as judge
of the district court of the United States for tho sev-
eral disti lets of the State ot Tennessee, agreeable to
the Constitution and laws of the United States,' tho
said West If. Humphreys, on the 29th day of Decem-
ber, A. 1). 18(50, in the city of Nashville, in said State,
the said West II. Humphreys then being a citizen of
the United States,and owing allegiance thereto, and
then and there being judge of the district court of
the United States tor the several districts of said
State, at a public meeting on tho day and year last
aforesaid, held in said city of Nashville, and in the
hearing of divers persons then there present, did
endeavor by^ public specch to incite revolt and re-
bellion within said State against the Constitution
and Government of the United States, and did then
and there publicly declare that it was the light of
the people of said State, by an ordinance of seces-
sion, to absolve themselves from all allegiance to the
Government of the United States, the Constitution
and laws thereof."
j The offense with which Humphreys is charged
j in this article was committed on the 29th day
1 of December, 1860, before the fall of Sumter,
j and wh-in only one or two Slates had passed
I an ordinance of secession. The declaration
| was merely a declaration in a public speech
! that the State of Tennessee had the right to
! secede. That the article sets forth an impe.ich-
! able offense I do not doubt; but no lawyer
j will maintain that Judge Humphreys could
; have been indicted for treason orior any otner
i crime under the laws of the United States for
I what in this article is alleged as having been
1 said by him, or for what he did say, or, m fine.
! for anything that he could have said in a pub-
! lie speech at Nashville at that time. Yet the
