3608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
object; bat if it does, I shall be compelled to
do so.
The PRE^IDKNTtji-o tempore. _ No objec-
tion being made, the joint resolution will be
lead throuuh.
Die Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
■which authorizes the Secretary of the Interior,
under the direction of the joint Library Commit-
tee of Congress, to sell at public auction such
books and documents now in the custody of
his department and published by the order
of Congress or of any officer or department
of the Government as are not needed for dis-
tribution under existing laws or to supply
defici&ncies in the Library of Congress or in
the Library of either House, and the net pro-
ceeds of such sale are to be deposited in the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have
some explanation of this resolution. These
documents have been ordered by various reso-
lutions to be distributed ; but it has been found,
I think, in some cases impracticable to carry
the resolutions into effect. The intention of
leaving these documents with the Secretary of
the Interior was that there might be a fund for
supplying new State libraries when new States
are organized, and also for supplying other
deficiencies; that there should be a supply there
in case other depositories should be destroyed.
I have not examined this matter.
Mr. MORGAN. The matter has been np
once or twice, and was finally referred to a
sub-eommittee of the joint Library Committee,
and after a good deal of consideration they
concluded to report in favor of this disposition
of the books. The Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Howe.] was one member of the sub-eom-
mittee and a member of the House another.
It will be seen that by the language of the
resolution they will be under the control of the
joint Committee on the Library if the resolu-
tion passes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator state
what books they are and how many there are?
Mr. MORGAN. It is impossible for me to
tell what thev are. I have not seen them.
Mr. AN FHONY. A great many of them, I
believe, are the Annals of Congress, which
would bring nothing at all at auction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. IhopetheSen-
ator from New York will allow this resolution
to go over.
Mr. MORGAN. If it is objected to I must
do so.
Mr. AN PHONY. I do not object to it, but
before it is passed I should like to understand
what it is. A large portion of these documents
I presume to be the Annals of Congress, very
valuable documents, but which would not bring
any more than their value as waste paper at
public auction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another document
■which I think will bo found among them, and
that is the second series of the State Papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As this
joint resolution is leading to debate, the regu-
lar order is called for, and the appropriation
bill must be taken up.
army register.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator from
Maine to allow me to make two or three
reports for the printing of documents such as
the public convenience requires should be dis-
posed of now, as the type is standing. The
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print additional copies of the
Army Register, have directed me to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage, and I ask for itspresent consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I cannot agree
to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made it cannot be considered.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no objection to
the resolution. The type is standing and the
public convenience and public economy will
Be promoted by disposing of it at once.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it takes no
time I will not object.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Maine
withdraws his objection. He always does; he
is so good natured.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Besolved, That two thousand copies of the Army
Register for 1868 be printed for tho use of the Senate.
"navy register.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to print addi-
tional copies of the Navy. Register, have in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage, and I ask
for its present consideration.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That ono thousand copies of the Navy
lie.,hirer for 1868 bo printed for tho use of the Senate.
tk.ade-wit1i british provinces.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
same committee to report back the following
resolution without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage:
Rcsohed, That five thousand additional copies of
Executive Document No. 210 II. R., parts one and
two, and No. 295 H. R., be printed for tho use of tho
Senate.
I ask for the present consideration of the
resolution.
Mr. MORTON. What are those documents?
Mr RAMSEY. A report on the trade with
the British provinces.
The Chief Clerk. "A letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting a supple-
mental report on trade with the British Ameri-
can provinces."
Mr. ANTHONY. It will only cost sixty-
five dollars.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, aud agreed to.
HILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 583) in relation to the transportation of
United States mails by railroad companies;
which was read twice bv its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
house bills referred.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were severally read twice
by their titles aud referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 90) to authorize and re-
quire the administration of oaths in certain
cases, and to punish perjury in connection
therewith ;
A bill (H. R. No. 292) to regulate and limit
the admiralty jurisdiction of the district, courts
of the United States in certain cases; and
A bill (II. R. No. 568) explanatory of the
act entitled "An act declaring the title to land
warrants in certain cases."
final adjournment.
The concurrent resolution of the House of
Representatives providing for the adjournment
sine die of the two Houses on the 15th of July,
was, on motion of Mr. sumner, ordered to lie
on the table.
pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask leave to lay before
the Senate certain papers relating to the Pacific
railroad, containing a statement of the amount
of bonds issued to the Union Pacific railroad
and its branches, with the amount of interest
paid upon those bonds to those companies, and
interest repaid by the companies to the Gov-
ernment; and I ask that they may be printed
for the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
civil appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 818) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses oi the Government fbr the year
ending June 30,186!), and for other purposes ;
the pending question being on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations,
to strike out the following clause from lino
four hundred and fifty-six to line four hundred
and sixty:
For care, support, and medical treatment of sixty
transient paupers, mcdicai andsurgieat patients, in
some proper medical institution in the city of Wash-
ington, under a. contract to bo formed with such
Institution, 812,000, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared it to be
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I must ask for a division.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will let it go. Provision will be made for
it in the other bill, to which I alluded yesterday.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not insist on the
call, with the understanding that the commit-
tee ''ill see that it comes in on some other bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly ; there
is not the slightest danger of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is agreed to. Thereadingof the bill will
be continued.
The reading of the bill was concluded.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert at the end of the
bill:
To enable the Secrotary of the Interior to pay for
fitting meessary shelving, and for rccord booka fur-
nished or ordered for the office of reg'ster of deeds
of the District of Columbia, during the period when
Edward C. Eddie was such register. $550.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know from where
that amendment sprang, but under existing
laws the register of deeds in the District ot'
Columbia furnishes his own stationery. The
law provides that the Secretary of ihe Interior
shall provide him with asuitabieroom in which
to keep the records, but fiom the foundation
of the office up to this time the register lias
furnished his own books and stationary. I
should like, therefore, to know what the rea-
son is for giving this additional pay to tin-
estate of the late incumbent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This amend
ment is proposed on the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Interior, who represents
that tliis expenditure was made for the pur-
poses indicated in this amendment. A pan
of the money proposed to be appropriated is
to pay for "necessary shelving," which 1 sup-
pose would be covered by the statement of the
Senator that the Department furnish the room.
Mr.. HARLAN. I think that part of the
proposition is right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Italso includes
another item, "and for record books." I
presume the stationery would naturally enough
be covered by the perquisites of the office, but
probably an appropriation is needed for the
permanent record books.
Mr. FliSSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that last year we made, on his
recommendation as Secretary of the Interior,
aa appropriation for this purpose to Mr. Hall,
who was register. The mouey which this
appropriation proposes to tefund was paid by
Mr. Eddie for record books, which remain iu
the office and are now used there, i trust no
objection will be made to the appropriation ;
it is a very small sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the bill
the following clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to complete
the alphabetical list of private claims W the end of
the second session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
to pay outstanding claims for services rendered m
the preparation of said work under a resolution of
the Senate of March 16, I860, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations are now through with.
Mr. BUCKALEIV. O11 the sixteenth page,
in line three hundred and seventy-one, I move
to strike out the word "eight" and insert
" twelve," and again in the same line to strike
out the word " seven " and insert "ten," and
