60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
Ho. of Reps.
lmpmchmeni~M'r. Bmiwell.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
House and the Senate of 1861 found that this
article set forth " impeachable high crimes and
misdemeanors" under the Constitution of the
United States, and by a two-thirds majority
of the Senate he was convicted and removed
from office.
Mr. Speaker, my discussion of the law is
ended. The view that I have attempted to
maintain, however imperfectly presented, is
strong in the principles of American jurispru-
dence. Those principles are derived from the
English common law, and by the letter and
spirit of the Constitution are transferred to and
made a part of our system of public policy.
_ We stand firmly upon the authorities on this
side of the Atlantic and on the other. We fol-
low the practice of our a'noestors, the men who
framed the Constitution, and who maybe pre-
sumed to have known their own intention, and
to have been able to express that intention in
appropriate words.
X turn now to the facts of the case. If the
position I have taken is sound, that the mean-
ing of the phrase "high crimes and misde-
meanors" is to be ascertained by reference to
the principles of the English common law of
crimes, Blackstone's definition, "that a crime
or misdemeanor is an act committed or omitted
in violation of a public law either forbidding or
commanding it'' becomes important. 1 stand
upon this definition of the great writer upon
English law as the connecting link between
the theory of the law that 1 maintain and the
facts which in this case are proved.
It is to be observed in connection with Black-
stone's definition that in our system the Con-
stitution and the statutes are the " public law''
of which he speaks, and any act done by the Pres-
ident which is forbidden by the law or by the
Constitution, or the omission by him to do what
is by the law or the Constitution commanded,
is a "high crime and misdemeanor," and ren-
ders him liable to impeachment and removal
from office.
He is amenable to the House and the Sen-
ate in accordance with the great principles of
public law of which the Constitution of the
United States is the foundation. And it is true
in a higher and better sense than it is trno of
the statutes that the President of the United
States is bound to support the Constitution,
the vital part of which, in reference to the pub-
lic affairs of the country, is that he shall take
care that the laws be faithfully executed, and he
violates that great provision of the Constitution
especially when he himself disregards the law
either by doing that which is forbidden or
neglecting that which he is commanded to do.
Sir, in approaching the discussion of the
transactions of which we complain I labor
under great difficulties, such-as are incident to
the case. The President has in his hands the
immense patronage of the Government. Its
influence is all-pervading. The country was
disappointed, no doubt, in the report of the
committee, and very likely this House partici-
pated m the disappointment, that there was no
specific, heinous, novel offense charged upon
and proved against the President of the Uni-
ted States. It is in the very nature of the case
that no such heinous offense could be proved.
It we understand the teachings of the sucees;
sive acts which are developed in the voluminous
report of the testimony, and if we understand
the facts which are there developed, they all
point to one conclusion, and that is that the
offense w.th which the President is charged,
and of which I believe by history he will ulti-
mately be convicted, is that he used as he had
the opportunity, and misused as necessity and
circumstances dictated, the great powers of
the nation with wliieh he was intrusted, for
the pnrpose_ of reconstructing this Govern-
ment in the interest of the rebellion, so that
henceforth this Union, in its legitimate con-
nection, m its relations, in its powers, in its
historical character, should be merely the con-
tinuation of the Government which was organ-
ized at Montgomery and transferred to Rich-
mond.
If, sir, this statement unfolds the nature of
the case, there would not be found any partic-
ular specific act which would disclose the
whole of the transaction. It was only by <i
series of acts, by a succession of events, by par-
ticipation direct or indirect in numerous trans-
actions, some of them open and some of them
secret, that this great scheme was carried on and
far on towards its final consummation. Hence
it happens that when we present a particular
charge it is one which for a long time has been
beforethe public. The country has heard of it
again and again. Men do not see in that par-
ticular offense any great enormity. Then we
are told that this particular act was advised by
this Cabinet offioer, and that act assented to by
another Cabinet officer. This matter was dis-
cussed in Cabinet meeting, the other was con-
sidered in^ a side chamber, and therefore the
President is not alone responsible for anything
that has been done. But, sir, I assert that
whoever else may be responsible with him,
he is responsible for himself. Any other
theory is destructive to public liberty. We
understand the relations which subsisted be-
tween the President and Jjis Cabinet officers.
The tenuro-of-office act gave the latter a degree
of independence. But whatever wore the sub-
sisting relations the President cannot shield
himself by their counsel, and claim immunity
for open, known, and willful violations of the
laws of the land. I do not speak no*v of errors
ofjudgmcnt, butofopenand avowed illegal acts
personally done orauthorized by himself. But
ho has not al ways had even the countenance
of his Cabinet officers. The test-oath was sus-
pended by the President against the opinion of
Attorney General Speed. If Cabinet officers
have been concerned in these illegal transac-
tions I have for them, to a large extent, the same
excuse that I have for myself, the same that I
have for the members of this House and for
the people of this country. In the beginning
they did not understand the President's char-
acter, capacity, and purposes.
His capacity has not been comprehended by
the country. Violent sometimes in language,
indiscreet in manner, impulsive in action, un-
wise often in declamation, he is still animated
by a persistency of purpose which never yields
under any circumstances, but seeks by means
covert and tortuous as well as open and direct
the accomplishment of the purpose of his life.
I care not to go into an examination—
indeed, I have neither the time nor the taste
for it now—of the tortuous ways by which he
has controlled men who in the public estimation
are superior to himself. But my excuse for
Cabinet officers, for members of Congress, for
the countiy, is that in 1865, when he issued
his proclamation for the reorganization of
North Carolina, no one understood him.
General Grant in his testimony says that he
considered the plan temporary, to be approved
or annulled when Congress should meet in
December. But when Congress assembled
the President told- us that the work was
ended; that the rebellious States were restored
to the Union. He then planted himself /;rmly
upon the proposition laid down in his North
Carolina proclamation in defiance of the Con-
stitution; in defiance of the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States that the
power was in Congress to decide whether the
government of a State was republican or
not; in defiance of the cardinal principle of
the sovereignity of the people through Con-
gress. He ratified substantially in his mes-
sage that which he had assumed merely in the
proclamation of the 29th of May, that he was
the United States for the purpose of deciding
whether the government of a State was repub-
lican or not.
Sir, if this whole case rested merely upon
that assumption, that exercise of power, I
maintain that it would bring him specifically
and exactly within the control of this House,
for the purpose of arraigning him before the
Senate upon the charge of seizing and usurping
the greatest power of the legislative depart-
ment of the Government, unless it be that of
taxation, which he has also usurped and exer-
cised in defiance of the Constitution. But even
then the nature of the proceeding was not fully
understood, and his motives were only partially
disclosed. The public mind did not compre-
hend the character and extent of the usurpation.
Thus it was that his motive was concealed.
He was not understood, and the charity of the
country silenced suspicions of evil. But he
moved on step by step. The country in the
mean while was under the influence of his bold
declarations, -made frequently from the 14th of
April to about the 1st of July, 1865; declara-
tions which, even in the coldest, of us, made the
blood kindle in our veins, as he set forth the
punishment to which the rebels were entitled,
liven the most violent of the northern people,
they who had suffered from the war, those
who had offered their sons, their brothers, and
their husbands in sacrifice for the Republic,
shuddered when they listened to his declama-
tion as to the power and duty of this Govern-
ment to punish those who had been engaged in
the rebellion. But from July, 1805, his con-
duct and his policy have been entirely opposed
to the declarations made in the spring and early
summer of that year. I see in those declara-
tions only this: that they were designed and
intended, when the}' were uttered, to conceal
from the public the great purpose he had in
view, which was to wrest this Government
from the power of the loyal people of the North
and turn it over to the tender mercies of those
who had brought upon the country all the hor-
rors of civil war.
I pass, sir, to the testimony of Judge Mathews,
of Ohio, a person whom I never saw but once,
and of whom 1 know nothing except what the
record discloses. He was an officer of the
northern Army, and he has been a judge of
some of the courts in Cincinnati or vicinity.
He says that in the month of February, 1865,
when Mr. Johnson was passing from Tennes-
see to Washington to take the oath of office as
Vice President, he called upon him at the
Burnett House. The conversation was appa-
rently unimportant, but it discloses,a purpose
on the part of Mr. Johnson. He said to Judge
Mathews, "You and I were old Democrats.''
"Yes," replied Judge Mathews. Says Mr.
Johnson, I will tell you what it is: if the coun-
try is ever to be saved it is to be done through the
old Democratic party." That was in February,
1865. He had then received the suffrages of a
free and generous people. They had taken him
from Tennessee, wheie he would hare had no
abiding place but for the armies of the Repub-
lic that protected him in his person and prop-
erty. He was then entering upon the second
office in the gift of the people, chosen by the
great part}1- of power and of progress in the
country, which had saved the Union in its
days of peril. No act had been by them done
which could possibly have alienated him from
them. Jefferson Davis was still at Richmond,
.the armies of Lee menaced the capital of his
country. Andrew Johnson was approaching
that capital for the purpose of taking the oath
of office. 1 hat capital was merelv a fortified
garrison. He then declares that "the countrv
caunot be saved except bv the old Democratic
party.
VV hat was the old Democratic partv ? It was
the party of the South; it was made up of
those men m the southern countrv who entered
into the rebellion. That casual expression
dropped at the Burnett House in Cincinnati in
i eDruary, 18by, discloses his mysterious course
from that day to this. I do not speak now of
those Democrats of the North who stood by
ie nag of the country, who maintained the
cause of the Union, but I speak of that old
democratic party of which he spoke, whose
