1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
from the reach of municipal jurisprudence. (Story
on the Const., sec. 762.)
C.—The executive is not to execute its own will but
the will of the Legislature declared by the laws, and
the Senate, being a branch of the Legislature, will be
disposed to accomplish that end, and advise to such
appointments as will be most likely to effect it; from
their knowledge of the people in the several States
they can give the best information who are qualified
for office. *:" ~ *
But if the President was left to select a council for
himself, though he may be supposed to be actuated
by the best motives, yet he would be surrounded by
flatterers, who would assume the character of friends
and patriots, though they had no attachment to the
public good, no regard to the laws of their country,
but, influenced whollybyself-mterest, would wish to
extend the power ol the Executive in order to in-
crease their own; they would often advise him to
dispense with laws that should thwart their schemes,
and in excuse plead that it was done from necessity
to promotethe public good; they will use their own
influence, ind uce the President to use his, to get laws
repealed or the Constitution altered to extend his
power and prerogatives under pretext of advancing
the public good, and gradually render tho Govern-
ment a despotism. (Roger Sherman's letter to John
Adams, quoted in 2 Pitkin's History, p. 285 to 2M1,
and in note to seo. 1528; Story on tho Const.)
Mr. WASHBUliNE, of Illinois, then re-
sumed the chair.
Mr. GETZ and Mr. HUMPHREY obtained
leave to print remarks, which will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I regret
the necessity which palled me away from the
city before the question of impeachment in its
new phase came up. I endeavored, when the
news of the President's attempt at usurpation
reached me, to learn by telegraph whether it was
possible for me to return to my seat in time for
the final vote, but found it was impossible for
me to reach here in time, and that the senti-
ment of the House was so nearly unanimous
that my vote was not necessary. If I had been
here I should have voted for impeachment.
When the proposition for the impeachment
of the President was before the House a few
weeks ago I voted against it, not because I did
not believe that his conduct deserved tho sever-
est condemnation, but because I did not believe
the attempt was likely to be successful. It was
true that he had done all in his power to thwart
without perhaps plainly violating the recon-
struction laws of Congress ; but I was unwill-
ing that the House should undertake his im-
peachment on those twenty-six long articles
of indictment which were proposed in the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary, each of
which might have required a fortnight's time in
the Senate. It seemed to me it would be man-
ifestly an interminable contest; that the Presi-
dent would pass out of office by the expiration
of a term before it would be possible to con-
clude such a trial. And unwilling, therefore,
to divert the attention of Congress from its
legislative duties into a struggle of that sort,
only to be foiled at last, I thought it best to
vote against them, and did so. I believe the
great body of tlie American people approved
of that vote, and were willing to endure the
administration of Andrew Johnson, hedged in
and limited as it has been by law, rathei than
to attempt to try him on those charges.
But now, at last, the President has left us
no choice. The forbearance of Congress and
the American people he has totally misunder-
stood. He believes himself a victor before
whom Congress is retreating in confusion.
Our clemency has only increased his reckless
audacity, and he has ventured to violate not
only a peremptory law of the United States,
but the plain provisions of the Constitution.
He has fallen upon that rock and must be
broken. He has compelled us to use the high
power of impeachment to defend both the laws
and the Constitution against his aggression.
In the first place, I desire to show that the
President has no warrant in the Constitution
for the removal of Edwin M. Stanton and the
appointment of Lorenzo Thomas, as he has
attempted. The only express power of re-
moval found ia the Constitution is in these
words:
"The President, Yice President, and all civil offi-
cers of tho United States shall be removed from
office on impeachment for, and conviction of, trea-
son, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemean-
ors."—Article 2, section 4.
The first sentence of the second article,
which declares that—
"The exeeutivo power shall bo vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America''—-
cannot be regarded as gran ting a specific power,
and is manifestly one of this case. Since the
great debate on this subject in 1835 the power
of removal, otherwise than by impeachment,
has been held to be derived from the power
of appointment, being an incident to or a con-
sequence of the act of appointment.
So far as the President has any power of
appointment it is found in tho second section
of the second articlo, and in these words:
"lie shall nominate, and, by and with the advico
and consent of tho Senate, shall appoint" * ^
f 3- " all officers of tho United States whose
appointment is not herein otherwise provided forand
which shall bo established by law; but tho Congress
may by law vest tho appointment of such inferior
officers as they may think proper in the President
alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of Depart-
ments.
"Tho President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senato, by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
In an appointment to office, as contemplated
by this clause, there are three stages:
1. The nomination, which is solely vested in
the President.
2. The " advice and consent, of the Senate"
to the appointment of the person so nominated.
3. The appointment itself, which is the min-
isterial act of conferring authority to perform
the functions of the office in accordancc with
the advice and consent of the Senate. This is
usually done by signing a commission or letter
of authority. An appointment, therefore, pre-
supposes a nomination and a consent of the
Senate. This subject was so thoroughly dis-
cussed in 1803 by Chief Justice Marshall, in
thecase oi'Marbury against Madison, (1 Craneli,
187,) as to leave little to be saitl. In cases
where the President is himself the appointing
power the commission is, in fact, the appoint-
ment, at least it is the only conclusive evidence
of appointment.
The filling up of a vacancy which may happen
during the recess of the Senate is not an ap-
pointment, is not so called in tho Constitution.
Again, the vacancies which the President may
"fill up" are vacancies which "may happen,"
not those which are made by executive re-
moval. . We -have the high authority of Alex-
ander Hamilton that the words "may happen"
clearly imply casualty, such as death or resig-
nation, and not a vacancy made by tho Presi-
dent.
Indeed, the President cannot by authority
of the Constitution directly remove at all. As
was argued by Webster and Calhoun in the
great debate of 1835, the power of removal is
only incident to tho power of appointment.
For example, the President sends in to the
Senate the name of a person to fill an office
now held by a person regulaily appointed by
the advice and consent of the Senate.
When the Senate consents to the new ap-
pointment the President issues a commission,
the act of issuing the commission, the act of
appointing new men, displaces the old incum-
bent, and it is only by force of tho appoint-
ment that he is crowded out or removed.
There is, therefore, no such thing known
to the Constitution of the United States as
a removal by the President of the United |
States. He is empowered to appoint with the I
consent of the Senate ; and such an appoint- |
ment may work a removal. But the President -
cannot exercise the naked power of removal
by any authority conferred by the Constitution.
Now, what has the President done? lie lias
undertaken to remove, without the consent of
the Senate, an officer whom the President had
appointed by the advice and consent of the
Senate. He has undertaken to appoint and
to install in the execution of the duties of an
office a man whose nomination has not been
ratified by the Senate. If, then, there were no
tenure-of-officc act I should hold that the Pres-
ident has committed a clear and palpable
violation of the Constitution in his attempt
to remove Mr. Stanton and appoint Lorenzo
Thomas.
I believe that no President of the United States
ever before pretended to possess or attempted to
exercise the authority of removing any person
without the consent of the Senate while that
body was in session. But should there be any
doubt in regard to his violation of the Consti-
tution there can be no doubt that he has openly
and plainly violated the provisions of the civil-
tenure law of March 2, 1807. By that act he
is expressly forbidden to remove an officer
without the consent of the Senate. That very
act he has attempted. His apologists say that
he believed the law unconstitutional. Is he to
be the judge of that question after the law was
passed over his veto by a two-thirds vote ? If
so, he may walk among the statutes of the
United States as a dictator and execute such
as he pleases and violate or disregard all the
rest; and we have an end of liberty regulated
by law.
The civil-tenure act was designed to abate
one of the most serious evils which ever sprung
up in the administration of our Government.
The power of removal from office was consid-
ered a doubtful power by the First Congress,
and during the first forty years of the Govern-
ment but seventy-five removals in all were
made by tho six Presidents of that period.
Forty-two of those were made by Thomas Jef-
ferson. It was not until the accession of Jack-
son to tho Presidency that the doctrine of offi-
cial spoils became a fixture in our political
system. In 1805 there were ten hundred and
sixty-fivo removals in the Post Office Depart-
ment alone, and an equal proportion in other
Departments of the Government. To restrict
this growing evil—this fruitful source of cor-
ruption—and to insure a more honest and faith-
ful administration of the Government, this law
was passed. The same principle has been fre-
quently affirmed in the acts of Congress. For
an example of early legislation I refer to the
act of May 15, 1820, which provided for va-
cating the commissions of eleven classes of
officers and regulating their tenure of office
thereafter. But this is not the time to defend
tho civil-tenure act. Whether it be constitu-
tional or not the criminality of the President
in violating it is undoubted. His conduct dur-
ing the last two years full}' exhibits the animus
with which he has performed these last two
acts of usurpation. Notwithstanding this it is
better that the committee who have presented
these articles of impeachment have not gone
into the old issues embraced in the former re-
port of the Committee on the Judiciary. But
the facts reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary are valuable as showing the animus,
explaining the intent of the President's recent
conduct. If he had done these things as a
matter of inadvertency we might assume that
there was no criminal intent. But the whole
career of Mr. Johnson for the last two years
has been a clear exposition of his intent, which
.lias at last culminated in a palpable violation
of the Constitution as well as the tenure-of-
office act. The whole course of his conduct
with General Grant, in attempting to make
that officer the tool with which to violate the
Constitution and laws of the country ; his at-
tempt to erect a new military district and to
place General Sherman at the head of it, nom-
inating him to a brevet grade unknown to the
laws, with the purpose to make him also a
party to his usurpation; and his success in
making Lorenzo Thomas a willing tool are in-
dubitable proofs of his purpose to trample
under foot the authority of the Constitution
and make himself the judge as well as the ex-
ecutor of law. His attempt, also, to induce
General Emory to disregard the law show,, a
manifest purpose to use the troops stationed
m this city to execute his lawless designs.
These facts, all occurring within the space of
a few days, show clearly a determined and des-
peiate purpose on the part of Mr. Johnson to
override both the authority of Congress ant!
of the Constitution. These things, Mr, Chair-
man, leave us no choice in regard to th?
