176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
the majority of the committee to assume that
because Congress has heretofore failed to pro-
vide this legislation, an arbitrary anil lawless
use of power must be resorted to in order to
supply the deficiency. The casus omissus may
be unfortunate, but its legal consequences must
be inevitable.
Mr. Chairman, therfe is another branch of
this impeachment project, alluded to by the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] in his opening speech the
other day, which is entitled to some consider-
ation, especially as a bill upon the subject has
been introduced into this House by the hon-
orable gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kel-
sei',] and still pending in committee, as a fit
companion-piece to the impeachment itself.
I allude to the design of suspending a Pres-
ident of the United States from his office
during trial. I am the more disposed to give
it some attention as a general proposition for
the reason that, while the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts seemed to abandon, or at least to
have some doubts upon, the question of power
to decree a direct suspension, he at the same
time claimed a prerogative in Congress which
in effect amounted to the same thing, the so- !
claimed constitutional power to deprive him |
of nearly all his great executive functions. I
was perfectly astounded to hear the learned
gentleman intimate in his argument that the
President might be deprived by Congress of
the command of the Army and Navy of the
United States! Where do honorable gentle-
men get their ideas of this most extraordinary
power of suspension? Have they resorted to
the English precedents? The practice of that
country, even in the most arbitrary reigns, will
not sustain them. Neither Lord Bacon nor
the Earl of Macclesfield, although impeached ;
for the highest crimes, and holding the high-
est public trusts, were suspended from their
offices pendingthe impeachments against them,
although the trial of the celebrated Lord Chan-
cellor lasted from the loth of March until the
3d of May, 1G20. If such had been the
practice in England it is not probable that Sir
Edward Coke, the most bitter and implacable
enemy of Bacon, would have let the opportu-
nity escape him of moving his suspension
during trial. And yet as to these two eminent
men thus impeached, or as to any mere sub-
ordinate ministerial officers of the Government,
none of the unforeseen disastrous consequences
would result from their suspension such as
might flow from a suspension of the functions
of a person holding the supreme executive
power of a Government like ours.
I know, sir, it may be said that while they
do not in England suspend the official func-
tions of the alleged delinquent they do or may
order his arrest. It is true, sir, such has been the
occasional practice of the English Parliament
i  cases where the supreme executive power has
not been involved. But these English precedents
have no authority here, even in relation to
subordinate offices, much less where the indi-
vidual impeached embodies in his person the
supreme executive power of the nation. The
case of Charles I presents no analogy to the
question now before us. It is true he was arrested
and deprived of his kingly office, but it was
not by suspension; it was the utter abolishment
of the office itself by revolution. The prece-
dent of arrest in England has no analogic
application to the presidential office in this
country for another reason: in that country,
unlike the constitutional provisions for the
impeachment of the President here, the pun-
ishment in many cases is more than a removal
from office. A peer in England may be im-
peached for murder before the House of Lords:
corporeal punishment is the penalty for such
crime. In order to inflict this the body, the
person charged with the crime, must be present.
Hence the necessity of an arrest in order to
secure the fruits of judgment. But not so
where the judgment to be pronounced, and
the only judgment which can be pronounced
exeopt that of acquittal, is limited to removal
from oflica and the disqualification to hold
office. To secure the fruits of such judgment
or the infliction of such penalty requires no
corpus, no person to be present, upon whom to
execute the sentence of the law. This ques-
tion of arrest and, upon failure to give bail, !
imprisonment for high crimes and misde-
meanors upon an impeachment came up in the
case of Sir Edward Seymour, treasurer of the
navy to Charles II, in 1680. Upon articles
being presented against him it was moved in
the House of Commons that he be taken into
custody by the sergeant-at-arms. But the
House, although strongly excited against him
by party feeling, hesitated to order him into
custody, and appointed a committee to search
for precedents and report thereon. Three
precedents were reported: those of Sir Giles
Mompesson, Sir John Bennett, and Sir William
Penn. Upon an order for his being taken into
custody Sir Edward entered bail for his ap-
pearance. During the pendency of the pro-
ceedings the Parliament was prorogued, and it
does not appear that the case was ever resumed
by a subsequent Parliament.
Mr. Chairman, the bill to which the honor- |
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] has alluded, and which he in effect in- '
dorses, because he propounded substitutional
measures in harmony with it and equally law-
less and unconstitutional, belongs to that class
of legislation rendered infamous in history
denominated " bills of pains and penalties" in
English revolutionary legislation, and which 1
were instances of the assumed transcendent |
power of Parliament to punish offenses other- !
wise than according to preordained law, and by
a discretionary severity instead of an inviolable
rule. Sir, what does this bill propose to do? It
presents the most extraordinary proposition in
criminal law—to punish before conviction and
judgment. There is no lawyer on this floor
who will deny that such is its effect. It pro-
poses to suspend the official functions of the :
President of the United States the moment
articles of impeachment are presented against
him by the House of Representatives. The
Constitution, which is the fountain of legisla-
tive power, provides that—
"Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not ex-
tend farther than to removal from offico, and dis-
qualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor,
trust or profit under the United States."
Now, sir, will any man contend for a moment
that a President of the United States can be
removed from his office without a judgment judi-
cially pronounced by the Senate of the United
States, sitting as a court of law under the Con-
stitution, to declare him guilty of the facts as
charged? And would not a suspension of his
powers as President, under a law passed for
that purpose, be in legal effect a removal from
office pro hac vice ? In case of such suspen-
sion some person other than the President-
elect would have to exercise the powers and
discharge the duties of the office; so that in
fact as well as in law the suspension would
be removal in all its consequences—a thing
which the Constitution declares shall not be
done unless by the judgment of the forum
where the trial is had.
Sir, if the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwell] had not by way of
a proposed substitutional aggression, in sub-
stance if not in form, elaborated his argument
to deprive the President of his constitutional
power rather than his office pending the im-
peachment, I do not know that I should have
said anything upon the question of this most
extraordinary bill afc this time. But at any
rate this proposition, whether the honorable
gentleman is in favor of it in form or not, stands
right behind impeachment, and if you had
been able to have carried the one, the other
would have followed as a matter of course.
"Removal from office" is an essential if not the
major part of the judgment or sentence to be
pronounced upon conviction. That must be the
sentence of the Senate sitting as a high court
of impeachment whenever legal guilt is estab-
lished of a crime intended to be thus punished
by the fourth section of the second article of the
Constitution. Any attempt to suspend a civil
officer of the Government or to remove him
from his office, or to deprive him of his powers
prior to the final judgment of impeachment,
would be clear and palpable violations of the
provisions of that section. The language of
the Constitution is so clear and concise that it
is impossible to misapprehend it. It declares
that—
"The President. Vice President and all civil offi-
cers of the United States, shall be removed from oSieo
on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, brib-
ery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
It is clear, therefore, that a conviction of the
alleged crime is the predicate for the ouster
from office. The removal must have that
foundation to rest upon else it is a naked and
downright usurpation, a lawless and despotic
exertion of power thus, in advance of judg-
ment and conviction, to execute the penalty
of the law by depriving the President of his
office or power conferred upon him by the suf-
frages of the people. '' Disqualification to hold
office" in the future is the only other and at
the same time secondary ingredient of the
judgment, and is provided for in another sec-
tion of the Constitution. Removal from office
and disqualification to hold office, in this coun-
try, unlike it is in England, is the whole sub-
stance of the punishment in a trial by impeach-
ment. When the dignity and importance of
the presidential office is taken into considera-
tion it is not likely that much difference of
opinion will exist among lawyers upon the
question as to which branch of the sentence
contains the essential portion of the penalty.
It rests undoubtedly in the sequestration of the
power and dignity of the high office then held
and enjoyed by the party impeached.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if these propositions
are true, and the Congress of the United States,
in the mere wantonness of partisan political
power, should perpetrate the enormous out-
rage of suspending the President, or stripping
him of his power pending his trial, are you not
heaping upon the head of an innocent man,
(for it is an undoubted and enlightened princi-
ple of the criminal law, in every form of its
administration, to presume a man innocent
until found guilty;) are you not, I say, enfor-
cing, out of time and without authority, all the
essential punitory consequences of a solemn
judicial judgment of guilt subsequently pro-
nounced against the suspended officer?
There is another reason, Mr. Chairman, why
the doctrine as now claimed cannot be sus-
tained. Such a law would be void under that
provision of the Constitution which denies to
Congress the power to pass ex post facto laws.
For a long time in the early judicial history
.of the country there was a struggle between
able and learned legal minds whether this pro-
vision of our Constitution did not apply as well
to civil as to criminal statutes. But it has at
last been settled that it is to be limited to crim-
inal statutes only. I accept the principle as it
now exists. Now, sir, what is this process of
trial by impeachment but a criminal proceed-
, ing, nakedly and unqualifiedly so ? Is it any-
thing else? Is it not, in effect, so declared in
the Constitution ; and is not example and pun-
ishment its whole object? An unprejudiced
mind will have no trouble on these proposi-
tions. The common and general definition of
an ex post facto law is where by statute an act
is declared a crime and made punishable as
such when it was not a crime when done.
The definition is imperfect, or at least it is
incomplete ; and in order to show that this is
so in its application to the bill alluded to by
the gentleman from Massachusetts upon the
question now under consideration, I will only
have to notice an expansion of the doctrine as
laid down in some of the modern decisions,
and especially one in the Supreme Court of
the United States. If we were confined strictly
to the original definition as we find it in some
of the elementary books it might be said with
some degree of seeming force that the acts
of the President claimed to be criminal were
declared by the Constitution to be crimes, or
