1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in line three hundred and seventy-two to change
the aggregate appropriation from $25,000 to
$40,000; so as to make the clause read:
For surveying the public lands of Colorado atrates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and
twoivedollarsior section lines, $40,000.
This will make the rates for surveying in
thai Territory precisely what they are iu all the
oilier Territories mentioned in the bill. This
amendment it is understood is assented to by
the House committee, and I do not know how
the error occurred in the amount. I have
here an official report from the land depart-
ment on this subject, but I believe there is no
objection to the amendment, and therefore I
will not go into the details.
Mr. POMEROY. J do not understand
exactly under what rule this amendment is
moved.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I submitted it yester-
day, and had it referred to the Committee on
Appropt iaiions.
Mr. POJIEROY. It is not reported on
recommendation of any committee.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I gave notice of it
yesterday.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire whether the sur-
veyor general of Colorado has been unable to
procure I he work at the rates that now stand
in the bill. As 1 undeistand, the Senator's
motion is to increase the price for surveying
the public lands in Colorado.
Mr. BUCKALEW. To make it the same as
in the other Territories. The surveyor gen-
eral, who was formerly a citizen of my State, was
here and gave a statement and exhibit of the
whole case. It is well understood by the House
couuuiuee at present, but the explanation was
not made in tune.
Mr. PO J1EROY. I did not know that an
individual Senator, giving notice of it yester-
day, brings it within the rule. That was the
point I made.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I offered the amend-
ment in writing, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Jlr. POJIEROY. I admit all that; but our
former rule was that no amendment of this
nature to a general appropriation bill could be
moved excepting upon the recommendation
of a committee or on an estimate of the head
of a Department. Now the rule is amended
that all such recommendations shall bereferred
one day in advance to the Committee on Ap-
propriations ; but if this amendment could
not have been received under the rule form-
erly, it cannot now, under the rule as latterly
modified.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless the
amendment is reported by a committee I sup-
pose it is not in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly the first part
of the amendment fixing the rates does not
come under that rule ; it would only affect the
latter branch increasing the amount of the ap-
propriation. I supposed that the committee
agreed to this amendment 
Mr. POJIEROY. I do not insist on the
point, if the Committee on Appropriations
are for the amendment I will not object; I will
waive the rule so far as I am concerned.
Jlr. JIORRILL, of Jlaine. I was looking
to see on what principle this could be moved ;
1 had not raised the point about the authority
to move it. There is a long list of rates fixed
for the several Territories. I see that in Ne-
braska, for the same service, the rates for
standard lines are fixed at not exceeding ten
dollars; Colorado, for the same service, is
fixed at fifteen dollars in the bill. I do not
know that the Senator observed that. He will
see that Colorado stands five dollars for stand*
ard lines higher than Nebraska. Ijhink it is
the same as Idaho, the same as Nevada, the
same as Arizona. On the township lines it is
less.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. The Senator will ob-
serve that there is a difference between the
States and Territories. The rates are less in
the State of Nebraska and the State of Kansas
than in the Territories.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. T examined this
question by myself this morning to see whether
there had been any communication from the
General Land Office making a complaint of
the sum fixed by the committee of the House,
for the committee of the Senate followed the
committee of the House; and I had not
observed before that that office made any com-
plaint of the appropriation for the service as
thus fixed. 1 ought, perhaps, in justice to the
Senator from Pennsylvania and to the Senate,
to read a communication from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, in which he
expresses his solicitude that the suras esti-
mated for in the general estimates should be
preserved, all of them. He says:
"This morning I received another bill, No. 818,
malung appropriations for sundry civil expensos of
the tiovernment for the year ending Juno 30. 1869,
now before tho Committee of the Whole House, con-
taining reduced appropriations on account of the
surveying service, which, if not restored to the sums
estimated by this office as the lowest possible con-
sistent with the exigencies of the prosecution of the
public surveys, there will result great impediments
in the carrying out of public requirements under
sutidiy laws both in the field and office work in the
office of the surveyor general."
On that statement I should say that it will
be necessary to raise this appropriation. It is
necessary, in the estimation of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, that the
sum appropriated for this service should be in-
creased.
Mr. HARLAN. I beg to express the hope
that the Commissioner's recommendation may
be followed. Without intending to eulogize
that officer, I know he has been very careful
in the expenditure of the public money, and in
making his estimates for expenses, and has
always placed them at the lowest figure since
the war began which he thought was compati-
ble with the public interests. I think that his
estimates ought to be followed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The surveyor general
of this Territory informs us that he is utterly
unable to get the work done for the rates pro-
posed in the bill; and if it should not be
amended, surveying such as is contemplated in
this clause will have to stop until the action of
Congress hereafter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think under
the circumstances I shall not raise the point
of order on the Senator from Pennsylvania
unless some other Senator deems it advisable.
Here seems to be an express recommendation
on the part of the Commissioner that this sum
should be appropriated, and in quite emphatic
language he says the service will suffer if it is
not done. Under these circumstances, per-
haps, the Senate would think I ought not to
object.
Mr.' POMEROY. The proposition is to
increase the appropriation from §25,000 to
$10,000.
Mr. JIORRILL, of Maine. That is it, and
that puts it on the same footing as Nevada and
Arizona and Idaho. The Senate will judge for
themselves whether they ought or ought not to
be about the same.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PESSENDEN. By direction of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
I have some amendments to offer. I move
first, after line three hundred and ten, on page
fourteen, to insert
For heating the Rotunda, theoldllall of the House
of Representatives, and the offices and stairways
connecting therewith, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I move this amend-
ment, to come in after line three hundred and
twelve, on the same page:
For painting the exterior of the eastern portion of
the City Hall,- in Washington, $1,400,
For resetting steps, calking cornioe, &c„ $750.
For repauing roof, $100.
For repairs to tin-roof and rain-spouts, $200.
For sundry briek and •a-rpentcrs' work, 8350.
For renovating and ventilating court-room. $400.
Provided, The corporate authorities of the city,of
Washington appropriate and expend a like sum for
painting and repairs of the western portion of said
building.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to ask the Senator whether he understands
that by law, or by usage, or both, the Govern-
ment of the United States appropriate for the
erection and for the repairs of this building.
Is that our obligation?
■ Mr. jfESSENDEN. I understahd that to
be so-. The United States paid for building
one half, I believe, of the City Hall, and they
were to have the occupation of it for their own
purposes. They have been in the habit, also,
since of paying for the repairs of that part
which they occupy. The City Hall is now in
very bad condition; it is made of very soft
stone; it has not been painted ; and it is dis-
integrating, and it is very much out of repair.
So is the roof. I have a letter from the archi-
tect of the Capitol extension, who examined
it thoroughly, and made the calculations of the
amounts necessary, and he states, to use his
own expression, that the building is almost in
a tumble-down condition. It ought to be re-
paired. There is no doubt of the -necessity,
no doubt about the practice, and none of the
obligation. I make it dependent, as the city
is rather remiss on its appropriating like sums
to repair its part. It wants thorough painting
outside and renovating in several particulars.
The amend ifient was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer this amend-
ment, to come in after line four hundred and
seventy-six, on page 20:
For continuing the United- States twenty-inch
water main from its present terminus on north 15
street on the east side of Delaware avenue to the
U u.ited States branch twelve-inch main on First street
east, $10,000.
This is a much-needed improvement, as there
are great complaints of the scarcity of water in
all that portion of this city east of the Capitol
during the day, owing to the large quantity
used as a motive power at the shops of the
navy-yard. By connecting the two mains speci-
fied this difficulty will be obviated.
Mr. MORRILL, of JIaine. Was this mat-
ter considered by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds?
Mr. PESSENDEN. Yes, sir. It is abso-
lutely necessary to make this provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire now to offer
an amendment that comes from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to eouie in after line one
hundred and seventy-five on page 8 ;
For a new light-house on Half-Way Bock, on the
coast of Maine, $50,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that recom-
mended by the Light-House Board?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is recommended by
the board and recommended by the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer an amendment to
come in at the close of the bill which is rec-
ommended by the joint Committee on Ord-
nancc, which was constituted by a vote of the
two Houses. I gave notice of my amendment
yesterday:
That the sum of $15,000, or as much thoreof as may
be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated to defi ay the expenses of the joint Com-
mittee on Ordnance; and that the same shall bo
drawn from the Treasury upon the order of the Sec-
retary of the Senate as it shall be required; and any
portion of the amount hereby appropriated that shall
bo allowed by the said joint committee to witnesses
attending before it, or other persons employed in its
service, lor per diem travel or other necessary ex-
penses, and paid by the Secretary of the Senate in
pursuance ot the order of said joint committee, shall
be accordingly credited and allowed by the account-
ing officeis of the Treasury Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the Senator make some explanation of
that.
Mr. HOWARD. I will say, then, that this
amendment is recommended by the joint Com-
