1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2585
party ; that that was the object of the dinner.
Four of them were in one, and four of us in
another, which made eight, a comfortable din-
ner party. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, all joking apart, it is
due to the credit of the Senate, to the reputa-
tion of the nation, that men who indulge in
sucli slanders should receive the reproof of all
honorable men, wherever they may be, and
never be suffered to pollute this Chamber by
their presence.
As to the opinions of the Chief Justice, they
are not better known to me than they are to
eveiybody else. What his opinions were in
relation to the impeachment, if he had any
decided opinions, and what were the reasons
which led him to adopt such opinions, are
unknown to me. I had my own. I had no
desire to consult with him ; and I know the
gentleman to whom 1 have referred so well
as to be satisfied that they not only needed no
consultation with liitn, but that they would not
have invited any or permitted any if he had
asked it for the purpo.se of influencing their
judgment.
A paper here in our midst, edited by one
of the officers of this body, a gentleman of
whom I do not desire to speak unkindly, be-
cause he has always, so far as I know, spoken
kindly of me, has assailed, with a bitterness
that I have never .seen equaled, the members
of the Senate, and denounced the body in ad-
vance if they should dare to pronounce the
President not guilty of these charges. They
have dared ; and whatever may be the excited
feeling ofthe hour, without meaning to call in
question the rectitude of the Senators who
differed from us, I have no doubt that hereaf-
ter—and a hereafter soon to come—the public
judgment will be pronounced at least to the ex-
tent of saying that what they did they did
from conscientious conviction ; that what they
did was the result of their calm and deliberate
consideration of the law and the evidence;
and that they were bold enough, defiant enough
of all efforts to control them in the discharge
of a judicial duty, finally to decide as they did
decide, and the result of which has been the
termination of this prosecution.
Mr. CONFESS. If this is to be a general
debate F should like to know what the question
is that is before us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The Sen-
ator from Maryland rose to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. If the honorable Senator
is efigaged in a personal explanation, of course
he has a right to make that; but I do not under-
stand his to be a personal explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that the
Senator has the right to call me to order. I
am not out of order. The Senate can decide
whether the debate is out of order. What I
have said, and it is all I propose to say, is to
denounce—that cannot be out of order; I am
sure with that the honorable member from Cali-
fornia (if he values his own honor, as I am sure
he does, as highly as I value mine) would not
find fault—to denounce all efforts, coming
from whatever quarter they may, designed to
call in question the honor and the purity of
any member of this body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to say a word,
sir, not for the purpose of explaining anything
with regard to myself, for I have no explana-
tion to make and no apologies to offer to any-
body. I have noticed a great many articles in
the newspapers with regard to myself, in the
course of this trial, charging me with divers
tilings. All~ I have to say about them is that
they are all false, every one of them; I have
not seen a truth among them, or anything ap-
proaching a truth; ana inasmuch as on a care-
ful examination of the newspapers of my State
I find that they do not, in the columns of any
paper of any party, meet with the slightest
credit or the slightest attention in any way, it
is unnecessary for me to make any explanation
about them. I stand upon my character, and
1 suppose that will take care of itself.
I wish, however, to say a word in regard to
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 26, 1868.
The House met at eleven o'clock a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PROTECTION* OF AMERICAS CITIZENS IXIIAYTI.
Mr. CHANLEU. Mr. Speaker, if in order,
I should like to offer these resolutions ^fjjr
executive information.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved* That the President be, and hereby is,
requested to inform this House why a competent
naval force was not cruising in the neighborhood of
a particular story, and that is this story about i
the dinner at the Chief Justice's. I should be :
very happy to dine with him on any occasion,
and I have received many invitations at one
time and another to dine with the Chief Jus-
tice, some of which I have accepted in years
gone by; but it so happens that at this session
I have not had the honor of dining with the
Chief Justice at all, nor have I had any con-
sultation with him, directly or indirectly, with
reference to this trial, nor have I had one word
with him on the subject of any political party
or on the subject of his being a candidate for
the Presidency. The only thing that the Chief
Justice ever said to me with regard tohis being
a candidate was said when I was Secretary of
the Treasury—I think it was about that time
or just before—when he said he had no desire
to^ be a candidate for the office of President
of the United States. What his own private
wishes may be I do not know; but they were
never communicated to me in any shape, and
j I never had any conversation with him—for
what reason I do not know, if he had any
such ; perhaps because it was perfectly well
known that 1 have always from the beginning
been in favor of the nomination of the distin-
guished officer who is now the nominee of the
| Republican parly ; perhaps because there was
I no desire that I should take any sort of interest
in the matter one way or the other; perhaps
because the_ Chief Justice entertained no such
wishes; it is not for me to say ; but it so hap-
j pens that, although personally intimate with
i him, and having been so for a long time, he
■ never opened his mouth to me on the subject
of the Presidency at all.
| Now, sir, with regard to that story, I do not
! know how it arose, but I wish simply to say,
j as other gentlemen have said, that there is not
one particle of truth in it from beginning to
end; and what I rose for was to clear him of
auy imputation of having in any way had any
conversation with me at any time upon that or
any kindred subject or the subject of this trial.
Having said thus much, I have nothing to say
for myself.
Mr. HOWE. I rise simply to say that I am
quite sure the country will hear with unfeigned
satisfaction that the honorable Senator from
Maine has ceased dining with the Chief Justice,
and that he is to-day, as he has been all along,
in favor of the election of the very distinguished
officer who has recently been nominated for
President of the United States.
Mr. RAMSE1. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The question being put, there were on a
division—yeas 23, noes 21.
Mr. ANTHONY. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23. navs 21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron. Cattell, Cole,
Conuess, I)avis, lloolittle, l)rake, Freliwjhuysen,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, McUreery,
Norton, Nye, Paiterson oi Tennessee,Ramsey,Sauls-
bury, Samrier, Tipton. Van Winkle, and Vickers—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
Pfin, Ferry, Fessenden, Harlan, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Ro.ss, Sherman, Sprasnte, Stewart, Thayer,
Wade, Willey, Williams.Wilson, and Yates—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Dixon, Fjd-
munds, Fowler, Grimes, Howard, Morton, Poruoroy,
and Trumbull—10.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
H?,uSU«f!,r(lnCr' ,f° protect the flag of.tiio
United htates from insult and our citizens from the
of Sr ,c asai,n^them Government
as hi&ng taken"la?e Q're!)ortoi ^telegraph
aSM^
nelir flff0!:ded> him to oar minister resit
dent at Ilayti, as also for the protection given our
nag.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thosereso-
lutions should go to the Committee onE'oreign
Affairs.
Mr. CHANLER. I have no objection that
they should take that reference if the chairman
of the committee will act upon it at once.
For, sir, it is a matter of great importance that
this House and the country should know why
this Government is at the mercy of the British
navy for the protection of our flag and our
citizens at Port-au-Prince. I do not think
delay is consistent with the honor or the inter-
est of this Government. I do not see the
advantage to be gained by delay. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his motion and let
the resolutions be acted on at once.
The SPEAKER. It has not been the usage
to pass a vote of thanks without reference to
some committee. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to the first resolution, but the second
ought to be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The first resolution was adopted, and the
second one was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
J. M. IIUTCHINGS AND J. C. LAMON.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 1118) to confirm to J. M.
Hutchings and J. C. Lamon their preemption
claims in the Yosemite valley, California ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ltECl'SANT WITNESS.
The Seroeaxt-ax-Aums appeared at the bar
of the House, accompanied by Mr. Charles W.
Woolicy, and said: 1 have executed the war-
rant of the House upon the body of Charles
W. Woolley, and now have him at the bar of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms
reports that he has executed the order of the
House, and that the person named in the war-
rant is now at the bar of the House.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire that the Speaker
shall ask the witness whether he is now ready
to testify fully and truly all that may be asked
of him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that that is not
the proper course to be taken with reference
to the gentleman now at the bar ofthe House.
The question should not be whether he is now
prepared to answer. I suppose the proper
question to be whether he has any excuse to
render for the conduct for which complaint,
was made against him.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
precedent, to be found on page 430 of the
Journal of the second session of the Thirty -
Fifth Congress, Mr. Orr, Speaker.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Mr. George Taylor submitted the following reso-
lution : which was read, considered, and agreed to,
namely:
" liesulvecl, That John Cassin, esq., of the city of
Philadelphia, now ill custody oi the Sergeant-.it-
Arms on an attachment for a contempt in reluaiutr
or neglecting obedience to the summons reiiuuing
hi in to appear and testily bef ire a committee of the
House, be now arraigned at tho bar of this House,
and that the Speaker propound to him the ioHov.-int;
interrogatories:
1. " What excusehave you fornotappearingbefore
the select committee ot thi3 Hnu^o, in pursuance of
the, summons served on you on the 7th dav ol t'eb-
(rSary, ls.jy?
" Are you now ready to appear before -ai.l com-
mittee and answer such proper uuestions as shall lie,
put to you by said committee? "
The SPEAKER. This is a caiu where a
