178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
of presenting and trying impeaehmcnt. An impeach- I
rncnt, m the report ol tho Committee of Detail, was ,
treated as on ordinary judicial proceeding, and wa3 '
placed within the jurisdiction ot the Supreme Court. ,
That this was not in all respects a suitable provis-
ion will appear from the following considerations:
although an impeachment may involve an inquiry
whether a crime against any positive law has been
committed, yet it is not necessarily a trial for crime;
nor is there any necessity in the ease of crimes com-
mitted by public officers lor the institution of any spe-
cial proceeding for the infliction of the punishment
prcsciibed by the laws, since they, like all other per-
sons, are amenable to the ordinary jurisdiction or the
courts of justiceinrespect of offenses against positive
law. The purposes of an impeachment lie wholly be-
yond the penalties of a statute or the customary law.
The object of the proceeding is to ascertain whether
cause exists for removing a public officer from office.
Such a cause may be found in the fact that either in the
discharge of his office or aside from its functions he
has violated a law or committed what is technically
denominated a crime. Jiut a cause lor removal from
office may exist where no offense against positive
Jaw has been committed, as where an individual has
from immorality or imbecility or maladministration
become unfit to exercise the office."
Now, I suppose that to be a fair construc-
tion of the Constitution and law in regard to
impeachment; and I cannot help thinking
that if the lawyers of this House would apply
their minds to a true analysis of this subject
they would come to this conclusion. For an
office bears in the law a very striking analogy
to a franchise. They are both ranked by all
the elementary writers as incorporeal heredit-
aments. They both proceed lrom the grant
of the sovereign power. They both exist in
the hands of the subject or citizen for the lim-
ited purposes lor which they are granted.
They are both governed by very much the
same principles of law. And in regard to fran-
chises (which are generally held in this coun-
try by corporations, but which may be held by
individuals) the law is well settled that they
are always held upon the tacit condition that
there be no misuse or abuse; and for misuse
or abuse they are forfeitable.
It is well settled that it is a tacit condition
of a grant to a corporation that the grantees
shall act up to the end or design for which they
were incorporated; and hence through neg-
lect or abuse of its franchises a corporation
may forfeit its character as for conditions
broken or a breach of trust. It must be willful
abuse or improper neglect, something more
than accidental negligence, excess of power,
or mistake in the mode of exercisiug an ac-
knowledged power. It is said a single act of
abuse or willful non-feasance may be insisted
on as ground of total forfeiture; but a specific
act of non-feasance not committed willfully or
negligently, nor producing mischievous conse-
quences to any one, and not contrary to any
particular requisition, slight deviations from
the provisions of a charter would not neces-
sarily be either an abuse or misuse.
Such is the law of franchises. Now, offices
which are similar in their elementary nature
to franchises are held, I submit, by a similar
tenure ; and inhering necessarily in that ten-
ure is the tacit condition that there shall be no
'• maladministration," as Mr. Curtis calls it—
no misuse or abuse, as we would suy in the case
of a franchise.
Now, impeachment under our constitution
is the means by which the people enfore this
remedy against a defaulting officer, just as a
scire facias or quo warranto is the remedy for
enforcing their rights against a defaulting cor-
poration. If a corporation or an individual
holding a franchise lrom the Legislature may
forfeit that franchise for misuse or abuse, so,
1 hold,, may any individual holding an office
forfeit it for misuse or abuse or misdemeanor,
which the constitution of Pennsylvania says
means misdemeanor in office — doing that
which should not be done, or leaving undone
that which should be done. This, it seems to
me, is the true exposition of the meaning of
the word "misdemeanor" as employed by our
constitution.
It will be objected to this view—it has been
already objected on this floor—that that does
not sufficiently confine the power of impeach-
ment, and that in times of high party excite-
ment, as an honorable gentleman says, Congress
would be engaged in nothing but impeach-
ments.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
if he holds that the word "high" in the Con-
stitution is applicable to misdemeanors as well
as crimes?
Mr. WOODWARD. I think it is. I think
it applies to both crimes and misdemeanors,
and is employed to designate crimes or misde-
meanors in office. The word "high" is used
because the offense is to be one committed in
office.
Mr. DAWES. Then does it not follow that
every misdemeanor committed in office is a
high misdemeanor? Does the gentlemau mean
to say that every misdemeanor in office is a
'* high misdemeanor?"
Mr. WOODWARD. I mean to say that
every misdemeanor in office is a high misde-
meanor defined and limited as we define and
limit the laws of corporations in regard to
franchises.
Mr. BROOMALL. Will the gentlemau
allow me?
Mr. WOODWARD. My time is limited. I
hold the floor by the courtesy of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I was going to move
that the gentleman's time be extended.
Mr. DA WES. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the gentleman occupying as much time
as he wants.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the time of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will be extended.
No objection was made.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. As I differ from the
honorable gentleman, for whose opinion I have
the highest regard, 1 wish to inquire whether,
if the word "high" applies to misdemeanors
as well as to crimes, it is not left to the court
to measure and decide how high the misde-
meanor should be?
Mr. WOODWARD. We talk about the
"high sheriff," and I believe the common law
uses that term in regard to the first sheriff
while there are a series of under sheriffs. Per-
haps the word "high" here does not mean
much more than in that case. I think that
as a matter of construction the word "high"
would undoubtedly apply to misdemeanors
as well as crimes, ana l have no objection to
calling any misdemeanor by a man in office
high in the meaning of the Constitution. It is
a high crime and misdemeanor to violate the
condition upon which any man holds a public
office. That is my proposition. Of course,
sir, it must be a willful violation, knowingly
done, and it must be to the prejudice of some-
body, either the public or an individual; but
where a public officer, of whatever grade, does
willfully pervert his office to the prejudice of
the public or of an individual, I hold that he
hascommitted a high misdemeanor.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me to put an inquiry?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
how he reconciles that last position wjth the
citation from Curtis which he has read, to the
effect that a man may be impeached for imbe-
cility in office? If it mnst be a willful de-
parture from the duties of the office how can
it be possible that a man may be impeached
for imbecility in office?
Mr. WOODWARD. Well, sir, Mr. Curtis
was speaking there of the conditions upon
which offices are held. He enumerates perhaps
more fully and accurately than I have done
the modes in which offices shall be forfeited,
and he mentions imbecility. I certainly do not
mean to argue that imbecility is either a high
crime or a misdemeanor, though Mr. Curtis
treats it as within the impeaching power. I
am limiting my observations to the very words
of the Constitution.
And now, sir, I proceed to notice the only
objection to this interpretation of the Consti-
tution which has impressed me—the danger of
an abuse of impeachments in times of high
party excitement. Gentlemen fear we would
be occupied with impeachments most of our
time, and that through prejudice and passion
there would be danger of great wrong to faith-
ful officials. Sir, 1 do not share those fears.
I think we can safely trust our political insti-
tutions, and that we have no occasion to cramp
and confine them lest they hurt somebody.
I think what we have seen in this House
and in this country within the last week
shows that we have no occasion to emascu-
late the Constitution in order to protect a
worthy officer from partisan feeling. Not-
withstanding the great prejudice against the
President of the United States, a large ma-
jority of this House, upon the best exposition
and showing the Committee on the Judiciary
could make, resolved not to go into the mat-
ter of impeachment. And had he been brought
before the Senate, composed of a majority of
the same political complexion of this House,
no man doubts that upon that showing he
would not have been convicted. Most as-
suredly no impeaching body would have con-
victed any officer upon a mass of evidence so
irrelevant and inconclusive as that. The cir-
cumstances of this very case show that there
is no such danger as gentlemen suppose.
Suppose a public officer has been guilty of
crimes and misdemeanors, or of a failure to
perform properly all the duties of his office.
He has been brought before the constitutional
judges of his country ; he has had a fair trial
with all the forms of common law ; he has been
defended by counsel, and has been fully heard.
Now, are we to assume that the constitutional
tribunal for the trial of official offenders would
be any more corrupt or incompetent, or any
more likely to be swayed by partisan consider-
ations than the courts of the country would be?
It seems to me that it is an impeachment of
our institutions to hold any such doctrine. But
if we admit that a majority of this House would
wantonly impeach an innocent man from par-
tisan considerations, and that two thirds of the
Senate would convict air innocent man under
the influence of partisan passion, then let me
remind gentlemen that there is a corrective
that lies entirely beyond the House of Repre-
sentatives-and the Senate, and the Supreme
Court of the United States, and all the other
tribunals and Departments of the Government;
and that is the people themselves. If such an
outrage as gentlemen fear should occur, there
is a power 111 this conntfy who would impeach
the impeachers and reverse their decree.
That has already been done more than once.
Mr. VanBuren was rejected by the Senate, when
nominated to a foreign mission, from political
and partisan considerations, and the people
made him President. The Senate of the Uni-
ted States condemned General Jackson; the
people came forward and expunged that reso-
lution. The people are always watchful of
their public officers, and nothing more surely
meets their disapprobation than the prosecution
of a faithful officer. If he cannot get justice
of the Senate and the House of Representatives,
he can surely obtain justice from the people.
Now, believing, as I do believe, that this prop-
sition to impeach President Johnson was, as I
have already said, utterly preposterous, I nev-
ertheless say that if the fury of party passion
had carried a majority of this House and two
thirds of the Senate to the result of convicting
President Johnson, you would have seen how
the people would have pronounced their verdict
upon such action.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Certainly.
Mr. LLD RIDGE. The gentleman suggests
that there is a remedy in the people. 1 wish
to know, if the President had been impeached
and removed from office, how the wrong to him
could ever have been redeemed?
Mr. WOODWARD. Beyond all contro-
versy, the people would have reelected Presi-
dent Johnson if he had been impeached.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But the Constitution pro-
hibits him under such circumstances from ever
holding office again.
