8610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
mittee on Ordnance, which was constituted at
the first session of the present Congress. The
committee have performed a very great amount
of labor, and had numerous meetings on the
subject referred to them, and called before
tliem a great number of witnesses, whose tes-
timony they have taken, and the amount of
documentary proofs which they will in the
course of this session be able to submit to
Congress is quite large. The expenses of the
committee of course have been considerable;
and Congress having made no appropriation
at all to pay the expenses of the committee for
short-hand reporters, and traveling expenses
and attendance of witnesses, &c., they have
been obliged, through the Sergeant-at-Armg
of the Senate, to obtain an advance from one
of the banks of this city to the amount at pres-
ent of between seven and eight thousand dol-
lars, which is justly due to the bank. We
suppose that $15,000 will something more than
cover the whole expenses of the committee ;
but we thought it best to ask for that amount,
in order to be sure that we get a sufficiently
large appropriation. I think there can be no
hesitation about the propriety of the appropri-
ation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course, Con-
gress having authorized a committee, is bound
to pay the expenses ; and if the Senator will
state precisely what that sum is, that should be
the sum appropriated.
Mr. HOWARD. It is impossible at present
to state the exact amount, because the com-
mittee are not yet discharged from their duties.
They are still pursuing the inquiries which
were referred to them. The amount of ex-
penses which they have already incurred must
be somewhere about nine thousand dollars;
perhaps even ten thousand dollars; I cannot
state with precision. The amount which they
have borrowed from a bank in this city is
$7,000, and I think a little upward. That
has been paid out to witnesses, clerks, &c., for
labor actually performed. I think $15,000
will fully cover the expenses, and perhaps leave
a small balance that will not be drawn.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line two
hundred and forty-two; I report it from the
Committee on Commerce:
For the construction of a building to be used as a
custom-house and United States court-room and
post office at Portland, Oregon, $50,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor be good enough to tell us whether that?is
recommended by the Treasury Department?
Mr. CORBETT. I have inquired at the
Treasury about the construction of tfuch a
building. I have a communication from the
' United States district attorney and the grand
juries of two sessions of the courts asking for
an appropriation for the construction of a court-
house in Oregon. They represent that the
present room they occupy is totally unfit; that
it makes persons sick who are compelled to be
there ; it has no windows, and is lighted by a
skylight. It really is unfit to be occupied for
the purpose for which it is used. The post
office is a small wooden building with no secur-
ity for the valuable letters that are constantly
being sent from there, and is totally inade-
quate to the wants of the second commercial
city on the Pacific coast. I have here a state-
ment from Mr. Mullett that there is no public
building of any kind in that city for custom-
house uses. I have also an estimate from him
that such a building as we desire will probably
cost from eighty to ninety thousand dollars, but
$50,000 will be adequate for the present year
to put the building in process of construction
and push it forward.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see in
the papers submitted by the honorable Sena-
tor any recommendation either from the Treas-
ury or the Interior Department.
Mr. CORBETT. The proposed building is
to be used for a custom-house, a post office,
and a court-room, and I did not think it was
necessary to go to all the various Departments
having charge of those matters. I sent to the
Interior Department the papers relative to the
court-room, and received for answer that they
could not make any other provision. Now, a
small room is rented there, and they have no
power to make better arrangements.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All I can say is
that these papers did not authorize the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move this amend-
ment to the bill, and I think I may say to the
Senator from Oregon that it is not usual to
make appropriations of this kind upon such
papers. These papers are simply letters^ from
the district attorney in Oregon, and petitions
from the grand jury, and they have been, it
seems, in the Department of the Interior; but
the misfortune is that the Secretary of the In-
terior does not send them back with a recom-
mendation, and the Secretary of the Treasury
gives us no information on the subject. It
will be seen that this building is to combine a
court-house and a custom-house. Such appro-
priations are usually backed by a recommend-
ation from the Department, with plans from
the architect showing what the character of the
building is, what its probable cost is to be, and
what the demand for it is. All these particu-
lars in this case seem to fail.
Mr. CORBETT. I had this proposition
referred three or four days ago to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and I did not learn from
them that it was necessary to procure such
recommendations. If I had I could have done
so, no doubt. This is the place where my col-
league and myself reside, and he knows the
importance of such a building, and how much
the interests of the Government and the con-
venience of citizens suffer by the want of it.
It is the largest commercial city on the Pacific
coast north of San Francisco, and pretty much
all the custom duties collected in the State of
Oregon are collected there, and of all the taxes
collected in the State not less than one half
are collected in Portland.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Suppose the
Senator allows this matter to go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire a vote on this
question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will this bill be disposed
of to-day?
Mr. SHERMAN. I apprehend not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There will prob-
able be time for this to-morrow.
Mr. CORBETT. The amendment which the
Senator from Ohio intends to offer will lead to
a long discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will have a
chance afterward, if that amendment is dis-
posed of. I desire 
Mr.WILLIAMS. This amendmentproposed
by my colleague may be temporarily withdrawn
for the purpose of ascertaining if the Depart-
ment will recommend this appropriation, with
the understanding that it is to be renewed
before any final action is taken on the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CORBETT. I withdraw my amend-
ment under those circumstances.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish now to submit the
amendment of which I gave notice yesterday.
I am not anxious to press an immediate vote
on it, because it is an important one and will
excite discussion ; but as I have to be absent
from the Senate I desirfe to offer the amend-
ment, and then if the Senate is willing to let
other amendments be taken up I shall not
object. But I desire to offer the amendment
from the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was read. It was to add
to the bill the following additional sections:
Skc.—. And be it further enacted. That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authoi :zed to issue
coupon or registered bonds of the United States in
such form and of such denominations as he mav pre-
scribe, redeemable in coin at the pleasure of the
United States, after twenty, thirty, and forty years,
respectively, and bearing the following rates of
yearly interest, payable semi-annually in coin, that
is to say: the issue of bonds falling due in twenty
years shall bear interest at five per cent.; bonds fall-
ing due in thirty years shall bearintcrcst at four and
a half jper cent.; and bonds falling due in forty years
shall bear interest at four per cent.; which said
bonds shall be exempt from taxation in any lorm by
or under State, municipal, or local authority, ana
the same and the interest thereon, and the income
therefrom, shall be exempt lroui the payment at ail
taxes or duties to the United States, other than such
income tax as may be assessed upon otiier incomes;
and the said bonds and the proceeds thereof shall bo
exclusively used for the redemption, payment, or
purchase of, or exchange for, an equal amount ot
any of the present interest-bearing debt 01 the Uni-
ted States, other than the existing hve per ccnt,
bonds and the. three percent, certificates., and may
be issued to an amount, in the aggregate, sumcient
to cover the principal 01 all outstanding or existing
obligations as limited herein, and no more, but not
to exceed $700,000,000 shall be of the issue redeem-
able in twenty years. , L L.
Sec. —. And be further enacted, That there is
hereby appropriated out of the duties derived from
imparted, goods the sum of $135,000,000 annually,
which sum during each fiscal year shall be applied
to the payment of the interest and to the reduction
of the principal of the public debt, in such a manner
as may be determined by the Secretary ol the Treas-
ury, or as Congress may hereafter direct; and such
reduction shall be in lieu of the sinking fund con-
templated by the fifth section of the act entitled "An
act to authorize the issue of United States notes, and
for the redemption or funding thereof, and for fund-
ing the lloatingdebt of the United States," approved
February 25,1862.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the holder
of any lawful money of the United States to the
amount of $1,000, or any multiple of £1,000, may con-
vert the same into bonds for an equal amount,, au-
thorized by the first section of this act, under such
rules and regula'ions as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe; and any holder of any of the
bonds provided for in the first section of this act may
present the same to the Treasurer of the United
States anddemand lawful money of the United States
for the principal and accruing interest thereon, and
the Treasurershali redeem the samcin lawlul money
of the United States, unless the amount of United
States notes then outstanding shall be equal to
8400,000,000; and such bond shall not be so redeem-
able after the United States have resumed the pay-
ment of coin for their notes.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That any contract
hereafter made, specifically payable in coin, shall be
legal and valid, and may be enforced according to
its terms, anything in the several acts relating to
United States notes to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator does not
wish to make an argument on his amendment,
I will ask that it be postponed that I may
offer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Ohio move this as an amendment to the appro-
priation bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir ; but I am will-
ing the Senate shall do as it pleases in regard
to having a vote at this time. 1 want to have
it pending.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I propose to
raise a question, if not a question of order
under the rule to which we have had occasion
to refer, under the general principles of legis-
lation that this is not allowable, that it has no
reference to the subject of this bill; it is not
germane in any sense whatever; does not relate
to it in general or particular. This is an ap-
propriation bill strictly, and subjects to have
relation to it must be of that character. They
must either be matters of appropriation or they
must have reference to the subject-matter of
appropriation in some way ; and a bill which
is utterly foreign to such a subject 1 conceive
is obnoxious to the general objection that it is
not germane, which, according to all sound
principles of legislation, I believe obtains every-
where. This is a matter of general legislation
upon a subject entirely distinct from the one
we_are considering. It has no more relation
to it, I conceive, than the bill of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts which was before
the Senate last night, which was a bill making
rules and regulations for the government of
the Army of the United States ; and if this bill
prevails my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts may with equal propriety, I submit, pro-
pose that bill as a rider; and so you may go
on to the end of the session ; there is no con-
ceivable measure either of a general or special
character which may not properly go upon this
bill.
Now, the question I submit, Mr. President,
is to the judgment of the Senate, whether tbey
are willing upon a general bill which involves
simply a question of appropriation to consider
