1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a matter of general legislation, and so general
as to embrace the great subject of the entire
funding system of the Government of the
United States. Certainly the Senate is not
here to perform any such function as that.
Certainly the moment it is moved the functions
of the Committee on Appropriations are at an
end. So far as we have any functions in re-
gard to the recommendation of appropriations
for the service of the Government of the
United States we stop right here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
erot.) Does the Chair understand the Sena-
tor to be discussing a point of order?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; I
suppose that is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is unwilling to call the Senator to order; but
at the same time such a point of order cannot
be discussed unless by unanimous consent.
Still if no Senator objects the Chair will not
interpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator will state his point of order the Chair will
decide it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make the
point of order that this is not admissible be-
cause it is not germane to the subject under
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will read the thirtieth rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not claim
that the thirtieth rule has apy application. I
rest my point on general principles.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that there is no specific rule of
the Senate against this amendment; but the
ameudment can hardly be said to be germane
10 the bill, and under common parliamentary
law it is not to be considered by the Senate;
but there is 110 special rule of the Senate on
the subject. The Senate has never held hith-
erto that such amendments could not be con-
sidered on an appropriation bill. We put on
the amendment in reference to banks, I re-
member, once. The Chair decides that such
amendments are not in harmony with parlia-
mentary law and a good system of legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. I would inquire if it has
not been the habit of the Chair to submit to
the Senate the question whether an amend-
ment was in order or not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I was going
to do that. While that is the opinion of the
Chair, he would not like to decide the question
without referring it to the Senate ; and if the
Senator from Ohio has no objection, the Chair
will submit the question to the Senate at this
ti me whether the Senator has the right to move
this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That point, then, I sup-
pose becomes debatable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A point of
order referred to the Senate is debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is admitted that the
rules of the Senate do not exclude this amend-
ment. Now, what is the parliamentary law of
this Senate? Where is it to be found? Is it
to be found in Jefferson's Manual? Is it to be
found in the practice of the English Parlia-
ment, or in the practice of our House of Rep-
presentatives? Not at all; it is to be found
in the practice of the Senate, as continued
from the foundation of the Government to this
hour; and down to this hour no amendment to
an appropriation bill was ever excluded that
had any bearing whatever on the general safety.
I can show my friend from Maine innumerable
precedents for this. Generally I am opposed,
on grounds of policy, to all amendments of a
legislative character to appropriation bills.
No one has objected to it more strongly than
myself; and but for special reasons and strong
grounds I would not encumber the appropria-
tion bills with legislative amendments. But so
far as the practice is concerned, from the found-
ation of the Government to this time, there is
no doubt that such amendments are in order,
and must be decided by the vote of the Senate.
For instance, I find that to the very last civil
appropriation bill that was pending in the Sen-
ate lastyearseveralamendments wereattached;
one abolishing the office of Commissioner of
Public Buildings; another regulating the Light-
House Board; another fixing the salary of the
general appraiser at New York; another for
the pay of the clerk of pardons in the State
Department; another authorizing the Clerk
of the House of Representatives to select the
newspapers for the publication of the laws;
another notifying the heads of the executive
Departments that they are to publish adver-
tisements only in certain newspapers; another
fixing the rate to be paid for publishing the
laws; another authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell custom-houses at Alexandria,
Norfolk, &e.; another authorizing certain
officers to report upon public buildings in New
Mexico; another fixing the pay of clerks in
the arsenals, and so on.
I take this single instance to show how uni-
versal by the judgment of the Senate is the
practice of putting legislative amendments of
various kinds on appropriation bills. There
are times when it becomes absolutely neces-
sary for the Senate to maintain its right to
amend the appropriation bills of the House
of Representatives by legislative amendments.
It ought never to be done unless there is good
reason for:'t; and when we come to debate the
question of the necessity of putting on this
appropriation bill these provisions relating to
the public debt I shall be prepared to discuss
that question. So far as the point of order is
concerned there is no doubt according to the
practice of the Senate. From the foundation
of the Government to this time the Senate has
always maintained its right to put amendments
of a legislative character on appropriation bills;
and it is a right which ought never to be sur-
rendered; but it ought to be exercised with
care, with caution, and only upon sufficient
reason.
So far as the point of order is concerned
there can be no doubt what is the parliament-
ary law of the Senate on such questions. It is
not necessary for me to discuss what may be
the parliamentary law of the House of Com-
mons. Each legislative House has its own
mode of conducting its business. The House
of Representath es, by a rule, exclude amend-
ments of a legislative character from the appro-
priation bills; that is their law. This would
not be in order in the House of Represent-
atives, because their rule expressly forbids it;
but in the Senate it has never been so, and I
trust the Senate will never change its rule
merely to avoid a vote upon one amendment.
This amendment is in order in accordance
with the regular practice of the Senate. As
a matter of course it ought not to be put 011
this bill unless a msyority of the Senate are
clearly of opinion not only that it is right in
itself, but that it is right as an amendment to
and as a part of this bill.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator state the
reasons that induced the Committee on Finance
to report it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not feel at liberty
to do that on the question of order. The rule
confines mc to the discussion of the question
of order, and I do not wish to go beyond that
at present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion submitted to the Senate is whether the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio is in
order and should be received.
Mr. SHERMAN, I have confined the
debate solely to that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood the Chair
to say that under the rules of the Senate, the
amendment was in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
said that under the rules it was not out of
order, technically speaking.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood the Chair
to express the opinion that an amendment of
this sort was not consistent with prudent legis-
lation and that, therefore, the Chair would
submit to the Senate whether the Senate, in
the exercise of its judgment and discretion,
would entertain this as an amendment to th®
bill. _ I suggest to the Chair? therefore, that
that is the question which ought to be submit-
ted to the Senate, and not the arbitrary ques-
tion whether the amendment is in order or
not in order. I suppose, according to the usage
of the Senate, it is a proper question for the
Senate to decide whether, in the exercise of its
discretion and judgment, it will entertain  
proposition not germane to this bill, and that
is the question I ask the Chair to submit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion presented to the Senate is purely a ques-
tion of order. No other question can be sub-
mitted.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the ques-
tion is whether it is in order, or wnether the
Senate will hold it to be in order, to take up
the financial affairs of the country generally,
and put a bill into which provision for them ia
to be incorporated as a rider upon an appro-
priation bill. That is a question of order, and
I submit with great respect to the Senator from
Ohio that that question is not with him for the
reasons which he has given to the Senate.
First of all I remark that those instances to
which the Senator refers are just as applicable
to the House of Representatives as they are
here. He will find that over and over again
such provisions as he has cited have been put
in the House of Representatives upon appro-
priation bills. Why? First, because they were
not objected to; the question of order was not
raised; and that was because they were single
sections, mere items, propositions which did
not belong appropriately upon any separate
bill, unless a joint resolution was to be passed
for the single purpose of directing the sale of
a particular piece of property, which has been
the exception when bills were under considera-
tion embracing general subjects. The same
thing will be found in the British Parliament.
Looking at Cushing, or looking at May, it will
be found that appropriation bills continually
pass which contain provisions such as the
Senator has referred to.
Let me remind him that there is no rule of
the House of Representatives against thus..
The rule of the House to which he refers is
that a provision shall not be put into an apprc-
priation bill changing existing laws, and that
an appropriation shall not be made for which
■there is no existing law. That is not the .point
made here, and I submit to the Senator it hax
nothing to do with the point made here. The
question here is whether the amendment is not
wholly foreign, entirely destitute of the ele-
ments which make it germane to this bill.
Now, I should like to see any rule of the
House of Representatives on that subject. I
never heard one read there, and never knew
one to be enforced. The parliamentary law is
enforced there, which requires that subjects
moved as amendments shall be cognate and
germane to the thing in hand, or else they are
out of order. The Senator says we have a
right to put upon appropriation bills fresh
matter, and that right ought not to be surren-
dered. Certainly not, and nobody draws that
right in question here.
I should like to inquire of the Senator from
Ohio or any other Senator familiar with the
usage of this body, for the instance in which
the Senate has held, the point of order being
raised, that any other bill, however remote the
subject might be, could be incorporated into
an appropriation bill. If there has been such
a precedent as that, that precedent is influential
111 this case. It would be a very extraordinary
precedent. There are persons within and with-
out this Chamber waiting with great patience
for the consideration of bills which ought to
be considered. I have a bill in mind now re-
lating to patents, the want of consideration of
which imposes great hardship upon a number
of persons. I feel very much interested in it
myself j and if this is the order of business in
the Senate, I wish to give notice, and to have
it referred to the Committee on Appropriations
so as to be withm the other rule, that on to-mor-
