1868.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
2587
"Question, Under that feigned name-did not you
telegraph to have $10,000 put to your credit with the
firm of Gilliss, Harney A* Co., 24 Broad street?
" Answer. Nor that I recollect of.
"Question. To Sheridan Shook?
" Answer. In regaid to the impeachment trial I
decline to answer as to any dispatches not relating
to the President's impeachment trial."
At this point the statute relating to the obli-
gation of a witness to testify was read to the
witaess—the same statute to which the Speaker
referred yesterday—making the refusal to tes-
tify punishable by a fine and imprisonment.
The witness replied:
"Answer. I am willing to take the penalty. X rie-
fuse to answer, because X have sent no dispatch for
Sneridan Shook to place $10,000 to my credit in JNew
York, to be used in regard to the impeachment trial.
" Quesfion. Do youstill refuse to answor ?
"Answer. That is the answer. I say I have sent
no d'tspaicli to Sherid.m^hook to place §10,000to be
used in the impeachment trial.
"Question. Didyou on or about the 7th day of May,
send a dispatch to Sheridan Shook, under the teigned
name of 'Hooker.' toput $10.000utyourcreditiu the
bunking house of Gilliss, Harney a- Co.?
" Answer. Not for the purpose of being used in the
impeachment trial.
"By Mr. Wilson:
"Question. Bo you refuse to make any other answer
than that which you have made?
" Answer. I am willing to answer any question
concern ng the impeachment of the President. I
have sent no dispatch to Sheridan Shook relating to
the impeachment or conviction of the President of a
criminal character.
"Question, Do you refuse to make any other answer
than (hat?
"Anncer. I refuse to answer any question that does
not relate 
"Question. I ask you if yourefuse to make any other
answer?
"Answer. I cannot say whether I refuse.
"Question. "Will you make any other answer?
"A nswer. I do not say that, I refuse.
"Question. Have you sent anything respecting im-
peachment at all?
"Ansioer. Nothing at all, except as information;
but nothing that looked directly or remotely to the
purchase of any Senator.
"By Mr. Boutwell:
"Question. Will you lead this dispatch aloud, if
you please?
"Answer. (Witness.looking at the dispatch.) That
is not my dispatch, sir.
"Question* What do you say to the dispatch shown
you?
"Answer. I have no recollection of having sent it.
"Question. Did you send a dispatch to Sheridan
Shook substantially of the purport of that?
'"Answer. Not to my recollection.
"By Mr. Butler:
"Question. Did you not, on the next day, draw on
Gilliss, Harney & Co for the sum of $10,000?
" Answer. Not to my recollection.
M Question. Have you not testified that you did so
draw ?
"Answer. I do not think that I testified yesterday
that I did. t "
" Question. Did younotstate to the committee yes-
terday that you did so draw ?
" Answer. I deny your right to ask the question as to
what I stated. I do not know what I stated yester-
^ Question. Is not that dispatch in your handwrit-
ing? [Dispatch exhibited.]
" Answer. Yen, sir; it is."
The dispatch was as follows:
* May 6,1868.
To Shkiudan Shook, 83 Cedar street, iVetc York:
My business is adjusted. Place ten to my credit
to-day with Gilliss, Harvey Sc Co.. No. 24 Broad street.
HOOKER. Withrd s.
"Question, "What does the woid "ten" stand for?
" Ansioer. As it does not relate to impeachment, X
decline to answer. .
"Question. Is this dispatch in your handwriting /
[Di&piitch exhibited.] . ,
"Answer. As that does not relate to impeachment,
I decline to answer; as it does not relate to anything
connected with the purchase of a senatorial vote in
connection with impeachment, I decline to answer.
The dispatch was as follows:
1 May 16.1868.
To John- S. C. Bubt, St. Nicholas Hotel, J\'ew York:
"Where is "Washington ? I will dine with Hancock
to-night, or be at Fifth Avenue Hotel Sunday morn-
ing. Andy all right.
Answer.
C. "W. WOOLLEY.
I have given to the House these questions
and answers to show how the witness treated
the committee. I will now yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Boutwell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire, if it be in ac-
cordance with the rules ot the Mouse, that the
Speaker propound specifically to the parly
arraigned the last branch of the inquiry con-
tained in the resolution adopted by the House,
and upon his refusal to answer or upon any
evasive answer whatever I shall offer the res-
olution which I send to the Chair, and there-
upon shall demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The pending resolution
is that of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge. J
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that that reso-
lution be laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays. •
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. PRUYN. I did not propose to debate it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, which was not reduced
to writing, provides that a copy of the report
be furnished to the witness and 
Mr. BOUTWELL. J rise to a question of
order—whether, under the rules of the House,
a resolution not in writing can be entertained.
The SPEAKER. It is too late now to raise
that question. The resolution is before the
House for consideration. The Chair was about
to state orally the purport of the resolution.
It is that a copy of the report be furnished to
the witness, and that he he allowed till twelve
o'clock to-morrow to answer, remaining in the
custody of the Sergeant-at Arms.
The question was taken 011 the motion to lay
011 the table; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas (J3, nays 29, not voting 07 ; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Jaines M. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Beaman,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Broomall, Butler, Cake. Churchill, Reader .
Clarke,Sidney Clarke, Cobb.Coburii, (Jovode, Dawes,
Hodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Kia, Eliot, Ferrios, Ferry,
Fields, (iarfleld, Ilalsey. Harding, lligby, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. ilubbard, Hunter, Iwjerooll,
Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Ketciiam, Kitchen, Koontz,
Lathn, George V. Lawrence. William Lawrence,
Logan, Lougbridge, Lynch, Mailory, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McUlurg, Alercur, Moore, Moorbead, ;\lor-
rell, O'JNeill, Orth, Paine, Pel ham. Pike, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Paisley, Raurn, Robertson. Sawyer. Scotield,
Smith, Starkweather.Stokes,Taffc, Taylor, Thomas,
John" Trimble, Trowbridge, liiison, Burt Vanliorn,
Robert T. Van Uorn, Ward, Elibu B. Wftshburne,
William B.Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, James i\ Wilson, John 1. Wil-
son, and Windoui—
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Boyer,Brooks,Burr, Cary,
Chanler, Eldridge, <ietz, Giossbrenner, Golhniaj,
Graver. Ilaight, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mar-
shall, MeOormick. McOullough, Morgan, Nicholson,
Phelps, Pruyn. Baiidall. Boss. Sitgrcaves, laber,
LawrenceS. Tumble, and Van' .Crump—-9.
2srOT VOTLNti—Me&bra. Aiue*, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barnes, Barnuoi. Realty,
Beck, Benjamin, Ruckland, Cook, Cornell, Cuiiom,
Dixon,Eckiey, iSggleston, Farn^worth.Fiunej, Fox,
(xravely, GriswoJd, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W.Hubbard. Richaid D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Jenckes, Keiiey, Lincoln, Loan,
Maynard, Miller, Morrbsey, Mulhns, Mungen,
Myers, Newcomb, Niblack, Nunn, Peters, Pomeroy,
Auken, Van Wyck.Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry
J). Washburn," Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—(37.
So the resolution of Mr. Eldiiidue was laid
on the table.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to give notice
that ori the return of the House from the Sen-
ate I shall ask the House to resume this busi-
ness, if it should not be disposed of before
twelve o'clock to-day. t offer the following
resolution, ou which I demand the previous
question;
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House again
propose to C. W.Woolley the questions contained m
tbe resolution this day adopted, and that said Wool-
ley be informed that the House requires detinue and
explicit answeis to tlie questions piopounded to be
made forthwith.
Mr. ROSS. I tnove that this resolution be
laid on the table, and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 28j nays 94, not voting
07 ; as follows:
YEAS—Mow*. a.dnms, Boyer. Burr, Chanler. Eld-
ridge. Getz, Giossbrenner, GoHaday.Grover. Haight,
Hotchkiss, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall,
MoCormick. MeCtulough, Morgan, N icholson, Phelp«,
Pruyn, Randall. Rosy. Sitgreaves, laber, Lawrence
S. Trimble, and Van Trump—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Beaman, Benton, -Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Broomall, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Covode,
Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Dnggs, Ela, Eliot,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Halsey, Harding,
Higby, Hooper. Hopkius. Chester 1). Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Koontz, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence, "William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mailory, Marvin, May-
nard, McCarthy, McClurg, Mereur, Moore, Morrell,
Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Pol&ley, Rauin, Robertson, Sco-
ficld. Smith,Starkweather, Aaron E.Stevens, Stokes,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Windom—94. ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Bailey,
Ranks, Barnes, Barmim, Beatty, Beck. Benjamin,
Brooks,Buckland, Cary,Cook, Cornell, Culloni, Ecfc-
ley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Gravely,
Griswold, Hawkins, Hill. Holman, Asaiiel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Jenckes, Kellcy. Kitchen, Lincoln, Loughridge, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Monis&ey, MuiUns, Mungen, is iblack,
Nunn, Peters, Pomeroy, Price, Robinson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Xaffe, 'inomas,
John Trimble, Twichell, Van Aornam, Van Auken,
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Henry D.
Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge,
and Woodward—1>7.
So the House refused to lay tlie resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. This subject will be resumed
upuu the return of the House from the Senate.
IMPEACHMENT OK TUB PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER. The House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee ot the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and Door-
keeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee ot the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At two o'clock p. m. the Committee of the
Whole returned to the Hall; and the Speaker
I havingresumedthe chair, Mr. Washbckxe, of
i Illinois, made the following report,: TheCoin-
! mitteeof the Whole have, according to order,
i attended the managersto ihe barof ihe Senate,
! sitting as a court of impeachment lor the trial
I of Andrew'Johnson; that the respondent has
' been declared to be acquitted 011 the second and
third articles severally preferred by the House ;
and that then, without action 011 the other arti-
cles, the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, adjourned sine die.
RECUSANT WITNESS.
' Mr. GETZ rose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
proposition before the House. The pending
question is the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutivell.] reported be-
fore the House went to the bar of the Senate.
Mr. GE'l'Z. L move that the managers be
discharged from the further consideration of
the subject of impeachment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order, that with the adjournment of the court
sine die, and the order made to entor judgment
of acquittal in the case of the President's im-
peachment, does by its own force dissolve the
committee of managers, and that they have no
further power to examine witnesses or exercise
any other authority or function which this
House has conferred upon it, either the right
to make privileged motions or to perform any
other duty, to move to suspend the rules or
any other extra power conferred upon them
by this House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin raises the question of order, as the
Chair understands it, as it is not in writing,
that the adjournment of the Senate, sitting as a
court of impeachment, ends the service of the
managers and discharges the witness at the bar.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not say anything
about the witness at the bar. _
The SPEAKER. Then the point of order
is not made at the proper time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE- My point was made on
the motion of Mr. Boctwell, which the Chair
announced was the questionnow pending betore
