1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
Mr. WOODWARD. The people would have
rejected him. nevertheless : they would have
reversed tlr.it decision.
Mr. E1.DR1DGE. But how could they
reverse that decision?
Mr. WOODWARD. The title of the man
who in they should elect to office may he ques-
tioned : he mav not he competent to enter upon
the duties of his office. But I am speaking of
the popular judgment in opposition to a wrong
judgment which may be pronounced by the
constitutional tribunal of the Government. I
say the people would have reversed that
judgment: whether they could have conferred
the" office of President upon him again is a
question for the lawyers.
I think we are not to be frightened from a
true construction of the Constitution of the
United States by an improbable or remote con-
tingency. What have we heard in answer to
this? 1 confess I do not understand any
argument drawn from the common law of Eng-
land or the parliamentary law of impeach-
ment to be applicable to this question under
our Constitution. Then what is the result?
The result must be that we must construe the
Constitution more liberally—liberally enough
to secure a faithful administration of the
offices which the people have established, not
for the officers, but for themselves, and which
they have hedged around and guarded by con-
stitutional provisions and guarantees.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman is not an-
noyed by these interruptions, as I am seeking
light and listening with profound attention
and respect, I desire to ask, in view of his
remarks just made, whether there are not
many provisions of the Constitution of the
United States inoperative until there has been
legislation in reference to the measure of their
operation ? And may not the same thing be
tTue of this provision for impeachment, that
while the power is lodged in the Constitution,
yet it is so lodged that it may be comparatively
inoperative without legislation under it; and
may it not be so designed by the framers of
the Constitution that the full scope and effect 1
of this provision of the Constitution, like that
in reference to naturalization and other kin-
dred provisions of the Constitution, are to be
defined and measured within the limits of the
Constitution by such legislation from time to ,
time as may be deemed wise and necessary?
Mr. ft OODWAIiD. Undoubtedly the gen- !
tleman is right as to many provisions of the !
Constitution. The Constitution cando no more 1
than outlive the powers which the legislative i
department carry into effect. But 1 do not j
think this is one of those. It seems to me this
provision, so to speak, executes itself; that it :
is capable of being executed without legisla-
tion. The action on the part of the House of
Representatives strictly resembles the action
of a grand jury in presenting bills of indict- •
meat, and the action of the Senate resembles
the action of the judicial body under the crim-
inal code. No general statute having defined
impeachable offenses, and from their nature
being incapable of antecedent definition, it
must be left to some judging power to decide
what are high crimes and misdemeanors, and
whether, in a given case, they have been proved,
and this power, with us, i3 the Senate. Such
I submit is the character of this provision of
the Constitution. All that is necessary to be
done is for the grand jury to present the indict-
ment and for the court of last resort to pass
npori it the extent of its jurisdiction in the
premises beingdeterminable by itself, as always
must be the case with courts of last resort. ;
I owe the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Law- !;
bence] an apology for consuming more time
than it was stipulated I should occupy, but I
have been interrupted with questions.
Mr. GAIiP IELD. Allow me to make an
inquiry. I have listened with profound atten-
tion and respect to the gentleman's remarks.
I wish to know whether I am right in under-
standing him to say when the Senate is sitting
as a high court of impeachment it is in the
power of the Senate to determine by ita own
judgment alone what constitutes high crimes
and misdemeanors, and they are to have no
guide, either in the statute law or in the com-
mon law, which shall limit and control the
meaning of these terms; that whatever in the
judgment of that body ut that particular mo-
ment of time is a high crime and misdemeanor
may be so regarded, and they can for that judg-
ment of their body turn out of office? is the
President protected by no defined law so that
at any moment in his official career he has no
other protection than the pleasure and opinion
of two thirds of the Senate of the United
States ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I will answer the
gentleman by saying I understand the Senate
of the United States in the ca&e he supposes
to be exclusive and final judge of the impeach-
able character of offenses tried before it; that
they are to proceed according to the principles
of common law and common sense and common
justice, no man in his senses will doubt. If you
can suppose the Senate will violate the ordinary
proceedings of a court of justice, which 1 admit
is not a supposable case, the gentleman's case
may arise. I have endeavored to indicate, not
to argue, that every man in office holds his
office subject to the impeaching power under
the Constitution ; that that impeaching power
is in its nature a popular power in defense of
popular lights, and is therefore entitled to be
liberally construed. While the gentleman may
suppose many cases of hardship and danger
and wrong, I submit to him there is no practi-
cal danger. It is more likely unfaithful officers
will go unimpeached than that a faithful man
will be impeached. There is no practical
danger. I stand upon the history of the coun-
try ; there has been no effort to impeach any
man which was not authorized by the common
voice. The danger we are now in is of making
a bad precedent, and it is that danger which
has induced me reluctantly and unexpectedly
to enter into this debate.
| Mr. BOYER. I should like to ask my col-
league a question suggested by the inquiry
propounded by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I should like to ask my friend whether
he believes the legislative power could define
an offense as impeachable, create an impeach-
able offense, which was not already defined and
created by the words of the Constitution?
That is, whether the Constitution does not fix
and limit high crimes and misdemeanors for
which the President can be impeached, and
whether it can be possible for the Legislature
to pass an act which would create or make a
crime other than those already comprehended
in and defined by the words of the Constitution ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not know that I
precisely understand my friend's point. I
suppose no man can be impeached for that
which the Constitution does not make a crime
or misdemeanor. The Legislature cannot add
to or subtract from the constitutional provision.
We were born under it and I suppose will die
under it.
What does the Constitution contemplate as
a high crime or misdemeanor? That is the
question we are discussing. Shall we answer
that question by going to the common law of
England? It has been shown by my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Van Trump] why that should
not be done. The Federal Government has
no common law—certainly no common law in
regard to crime. In the extract which was
read from the Madison papers the grounds and
reasons of this position are exhibited. The
colonies brought over all the common law that
was brought. The States succeeding to the
colonies had aJl the common law of England
that was adapted to their circumstances and
that was ever imported into this country. The
Federal Government was an after-thought. It
imported no common law. It has no common
law and so in respect to crimes the Federal
courts have decided.
From this fact in the criminal jurisprudence
of the United States I deduce very much of
my argument. I say it is incredible that the
people of this country in adopting their Con-
stitution meant merely to guard themselves
against such delinquencies of public officers
as should be indictable under the narrow crim-
inal code of the United States. I say that
such a construction restricts this constitutional
provision far too much. And this is the view
of Mr. Curtis. If a mail in office has com-
mitted an indictable crime, let him be in-
dicted ; and that will remove him from office ;
that will send him to the penitentiary or the
gallows. You do not need the impeaching
power for the criminal offender. But what if
an officer has not committed an indictable
offense, and yet has done that which by com-
mon consent violates the purposes for which
his office was instituted? It" I understand my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Van' Trump] and other
gentlemen to whom I am extremely sorry to
find myself opposed, and for whom I enter-
tain great respect, such an official must go un-
whipped of justice, because, forsooth, the wrong
which he has committed has not been defined
in the criminal statutes of the United States 1
In other words, the people have no power of
protecting themselves against a delinquent or
unfaithful public officer, except, indeed, by
defining as an indictable offense every possi-
ble delinquency, every possible act of malad-
ministration, and thus imbedding it in their
criminal law.
I have no idea that, the people of this country
entertained any such view in adopting the Con-
stitution. And I repeat that the only cause of
my interest in this discussion, the only reason
why I have taken part in it is that I perceive a
disposition to so narrow and limit and restrict
this most valuable provision of the Constitu-
tion as, in my judgment, virtually to emasculate
the Constitution and deprive the people.ofone
of their most important safeguards and securi-
ties. It was for the purpose of expressing my
doubts of the soundness of all such views and
my general concurrence in the legal argument
advanced the other day by the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwei.l]
that I sought the floor on this occasion,
Mr. BOi"ER. I desire, before my colleague
takes his seat, to ask him one further question,
in continuation of the inquiry 1 have already
put.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I should be
very glad to permit the continuance of the
discussion to which we have been listening;
but I yielded in the first place for only fifteen
minutes; and I think 1 must resume the floor.
•The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] was
extended, and he is entitled to- an hour from
the commencement of his remarks. Does he
surrender the floor unconditionally, or does he>
yield to his colleague, [Mr. Boyeu?]
Mr. WOODWARD. I surrender the floor,
that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence,] on whose kindness I have too far tres-
passed, may proceed with his remarks.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
when the resolution was before the House, at
an early day in this session, declaring that the
President of the United States should be im-
peached of high crimes and misdemeanors, I
sought an opportunity to present my views in
support of it; but the privilege of general da-
bate was denied. I would not now occupy time
in discussion but for the grave importance of
the subject itself, and the responsibility which
in part rests on me of vindicating the report of
the Judiciary Committee in relation to im-
peachment. If it were possible to hide the
crimes of the President from posterity I would
draw the vail of charity over them and let them
pass unpunished and unnoticed into oblivion
forever.
I appreciate and respect the motives of gen-
tlemen here who concede the President's guilt;
but in view of other and pressing duties, of the
brevity of his term of office, of the majority in
Congress opposed to '"his policy"—rendering
him, as it is alleged, almost powerless for evil
—deem impeachment unnecessary and "inex-
pedient."
But I dissent from the idea that oonstitu-
