THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
the House; and with reference to that I say
that ilr. Boutwell has no right to present
s>ueh motion to the House, the functions of the
managers having ended. I mean by that that
ail ot the duties of the committee and all of
the special powers conferred upon them ceased
with the adjournment of the court of impeach-
ment. There is now no impeachment pend-
ing, and, of course, no committee of managers.
The SPEAKEK. The gentleman will per-
ceive that if the Chair sustains his point of
order he would then be compelled to rule that
he acted improperly in entertaining the motion
of the gentleman himself before the House
proceeded to the bar of the Senate to-day.
The gentleman rose when the witness was ar-
raigned and made a motion, and the Chair
recognized that motion as in order, although
it was not made by one of the managers. This
is a question of contempt of the authority of
the House. The gentleman from Wisconsin,
as a member of the House, or any other mem-
ber, has a right to make a motion. The mo-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwkll] is therefore in order. The point
the Chair supposed the gentleman rose to make
is another one, but he is not desirous of antici-
pating a point of order. The Chair over-
rules the point raised by the gentleman. The
resolution is now properly pending before the
House.
Mr. ELD11IDGE. The Chair has not ruled,
at all events, on the latter question which i
presented.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not exactly
understand the further point. The gentleman
will now present it.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. I will first ask to have
the resolution read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the Jlouse again
propose to C. W. Woolley the question contained in
the resolution this day adopted, and that said Wool-
ley bo informed that the House requiresdefinite and
explicit answers to the questions propounded, to be
made forthwith.
The SPEAKER. In order to cover the
whole ground clearly, the Chair will- rule that
when a question of contempt of the authority
of the House in refusing to answer questions
propounded by a committee is before it by its
own order, it is the privilege of any member,
whether a member of the committee or not,
to make motions relative to it.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. 1 will now present the
point. It is this: that the resolution presented
by the gentleman from Massachusetts requires
the Chair to propound these questions and ill-
form tlie witness that he must appear and give
a response to them before this committee, the
duties of which committee by the action of thg
Senate, by the adjournment of the court dt
impeachment nine die, are ended.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
House to determine. The House of Repre-
sentatives must decide it for itself. It is a ques-
tion of coherence, covered by the rule to be
found in the Manual, often quoted by the Chair,
that it is not the privilege of the Chair 011
a question ot order to decide a question of
coherence. For, to use the language of the
Digest, " Were he permitted to draw questions
of consistence within the vortex of order, he
might usurp or negative an important modifica-
tion and suppress instead of subserving the
legislative will."
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to state 
The SPEAKER. It cannot be debated.
Mr. VAN THUMP. I wish to state a point
of order. The resolution of the gentleman from
Massachusetts has no reference to past con-
tempt, but to future testimony of the witness.
The SPEAKER, The Chair overrules it on
the ground that the question of contempt is
before the House byits own order. It is taken
up and must be determined by the action the
House shall take upon it.
Mr. BLAINE. As the gentlemen are argu-
ing questions of order 
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman mustraise
a question of order.
Mr. BLAINE. I only wish to refer to the
same question the gentleman from Wisconsin
has argued.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have not argued the
question of order. The gentleman should
state what is true. I call him to order.
Mr. BLxVlNE. The managers must con-
tinue as managers 011 the part of the House
until they Report and are discharged. The
action of the Senate cannot discharge a com-
mittee of the House. No action of the Senate
can affect the position of a committee of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Although tliegenticman
may diifer very widely from the Chair, yet the
Chair thinks it is not now a proper time to test
that question.
Mr. BLAINE. I was replying to the gen
tleman from Wisconsin, and not to the opinion
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The question of contempt
of the authority of the House is now before it.
That does not affect the question whether the
managers are now in existence as such or not.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being put 011 agreeing to the
resolution, it appeared to be carried.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
iri the affirmative—yeas do, nays 28, not voting
•Hi; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos K.
Ashley, Baker, Ualdwin, iialik&, Hoailian, lientou,
liniurham, jil:une, Jjlatr, iioiil well, jjromwell, lirouui-
ali, Butler, Cake, Chuichill, Header W. Ularke, Sid-
ney Ctal'ke, Coburn, Uovode, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Dusks, Mia, Eliot. Ferris?, t erry, Fields,
(jarhoid, italsey, iiaidiii^, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester D. lluobard, Hunter, lngersoll, Jeuekes,
Judd, ivelney, Ketcham, Koontz, Latlm, George V.
ljawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lou^U-
ndge, Lynch, Mill lory, Marvin, Maynard, McUailhy,
McClurg, Alercur, Moore, Moortiead, Monell, Myers,
iNoweomb, Nuiin, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pike, i'lle,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, llauin, Robertson, lawyer,
Seoiield, Starkweather, Aaron t . Stevens, Blokes,
Xafle, Xayloi, Xrowbildge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Hum, Ward, iihhu li. AVashburne,
William B. Washburn, Welker, 'l'homus Williams,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, Wmdoin, and
W ood bridge—95.
KAY ij—-Messrs. Adams, Boyer, Brooks, Burr.Chan-
ler, Kldridge, Uetz, Ulossbrenner, Golladay, li rover,
llaight, ilotchkias. Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Mai shall, AicUormiek, AleCultough, Moi gan, lchol-
son, Phelps,Prion, ltandall, ltoss, Taber,Lawrence
S. Trimble, and Van Tiunip—
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, James
M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Barnes, Barnum, Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Buckland, Uary, Cobb, Cook, Cor-
nell, Cullom, Lekley, Lggleston, Larnsworth, Fmncy,
Fox, Gravely, Uriswold, Hawkins, Hill, itolman,
Asahol W. Hubbard, It]' hard D. Hubbard, ilulburd,
Humphrey, J ulian, Kelley, Kitchen, Lincoln, Miller,
Morns.-ey, Mullins, Mungen, Nibiaek, Perham, Pe-
ters, Pomeroy, Price, llobmson, Schenck, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgi eaves, Smith, Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Thomas, John
Trimble, Tvvichell, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Van
Wick, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, James F\ Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodward—u.'>.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BOUT WELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Charles W. Woolley, by
the order of the House, I am instructed to pro- |
pound to you the following interrogatories, and :
to inform you that the House requires definite !
and explicit answers to the questions pro- j
pounded, to be made forthwith. First, what |
excuse have you for not answering the ques- j
tions propounded to you by the managers of 1
impeachment? Second, are you now ready I
to appear before said managers and answer >
such proper questions as shall be put to you 1
by said managers ? 1
Charles W. Woolley, the witness at the bar
of the House, made answer in writing, as fol- !
lows: <
The answers of Charles \T. Woolley to the resolu-
tion ot the House of Representatives of the United [
States passed this day.
To the first question in said resolution, which is as ;
follows, to wit .* ^ '
"1. What excuse hayo you for refusing to answer
before the managers of impeachment of this. House, in
pursuance of the.-mammons served on you tor that pur-
pose this respondentsays t bat be was summoned' to
appear before the managers of impeachment on Sun-
day, the 17th day ot May, by a process signed by the
chairman of said managers; andthaton thefoilowinff
day, to wit, Monday, the 18th of May, he telegraphed
the chairman that he was at Willard's Hotel, in this
city, awaiting the commands of the managers. That
on Tuesday, the 19Ui, he was served with a summons
duly issued and signed by the honorable Speaker of
the House of Representatives, and that he did there-
upon forthwith obey the mandate of said summons
and appear before the managers. That, in obedience
to the order of the managers, he again appeared be-
fore them on the following day, to wit, Wednesday,
the 20th day of May, and was subjected to an exam-
ination and required to report fur a further exam-
ination on Tuesday, the 21st of May; on said last-
mentioned day, he was unable to comply with said
requirement to appear, becausc of physical indispo-
sition, and thereupon sent to the said managers the
following certificate trom his medical adv iser, to wit:
Washington, D. C.r May 21, 1868.
I hereby certify that Ooionol C. W. Woolley is
under my professional care and unable to leave his
apartments and confined to bis-bed by reason of
irritative lever, sequel of gastric derangement.
1). W. BLISS, M. D.
And this respondent further says that, impressed
with the beliet that the managers, in th« course of
the examination to winch they had subjected this
lespondent, had transcended the powers conferred
on them by this House and violated his rights and
privileges as a citizen of tho United States, entitled
to the protection ot its Constitution and laws, he
submitted to said managers, to be reported for the
consideration of the llouse, the following protest:
Willard's 1Ioti:l, Jl/ay21, 186S.
To the Honorable the Ma ■iiagc-rfon the part of the Howe
oj Jiepracntativcs of the United states to conduct the
intpeachiitcut oj Andrew Johnson,, President of tkc
United btutex :
Charles "W. "Woolley respectfully showeth unto
your honorable tody that tie is now confined to his
bed by severe indisposition, ah appears by the accom-
panying cemliuate ot his medical attendant, lir. i!>.
W.JJiiss, icsidmg at 244 ]? street. That your peti-
tioner is ready and willing at ali times to yieid obe-
dience to the constituted authoiities and to answer
all legal inquiries which may be propounded to him;
but he is auvised by counsel that while he is bound
to lurnish ail the iutormation in his power us a wit-
ness touching any fepculieehaigeafi'ecting any named
person that may be pending before the honoraole
committee, and pertinent thereto, yet he is not bound
by the law ot the land to submit to a scrutiny into
his private affairs, wnieh may result in needless ex-
posure of matters which are purely personal and
ought to be sacred.
Such an ordeal no citizen should shrink from when
it becomes relevant to the elucidation of any pend-
ing charge; but the undersigned solemnly protests,
under the advice of his counsel, against all x'urlher
general inquiries touching the disbursement of his
private funds, and which assume no tangible or spe-
eihc iorrn whatever; and he humbly prays that this
paper may be considered andregardedas hisre3pect-
tul i-efuhal to answervague general inquiries involv-
ing his private and personal transactions only, and
he begs leave to place this protest on the ianguageof
the fourth amendment of the Federal Constitution,
which guarantees " the right of the people to be se-
cure m their persons, houses, papers, and cli'ects
against unreasonable searches and seizures," and
which declares that " no warrant shall issue but on
probable causc, sup ported by oath or affirmation, and
particularly describing the place to be searched and
the persons or things to be seized." Your petitioner
cannot but regard himself as within the pale of this
great charter ot the rights of an American citizen*
tor if his papers, could not be lawfully seized or
searched, except by " virtue of a warrant issued on
probable cause, supported by oath/' &c.,4* particu-
larly describing tnc place to be searched or things
to bo seized," ho cannot see how he cau be compelled
to iurnish private papers andaccounts lor the publio
inspection, without the requirement, at least, ot some
specific complaint on oath. But in thus presenting
this constitutional^hicld against vague general and
unsupported inquiries, your petitioner intends 110
disrespect to the House of Representatives or its
managers, and tenders himselt iead> and willing to
comply with any resolution or order that ma\ be
passed by the House of Representatives in the prem-
ises, and m the meantime he humbly prays th;« t this
his protest andreiuoal, may be presented to iheilou^e
for their consideration and action. In condition,
j out petitioner declares that he impelled to this
course because he feels that the rights of the citi/en
.lie involved ju this matter, unil not because he is
unable to meet the proposed inquiry into his private
wit"? or.t° cx.Plaiii any ami all tnc statements
tion c matle him in his previous exaimaa-
Vory respectfully yours, C. W\ WusjLhKT.
f Si.nee,submitting the foregoing to the m,vn-
tirit (hev01 1"S movements,
tit „ ^ tunc S1TU him notice ot
inio thpn h"nUp°n paper, and ha5
reTOo.^ In ready m every particular to
Sn • *ile commands ot the House
•'rrf,1,SoyrTn0I1^Ut,tl?eref0re'5ay° thttt not
served on him m I)umiai«e ut' summons
rp ca on lam tor that purpose.
as'follSws^t^wi?"^''"0 iU 5aid iesoIu"on' whi<-'b is
to aPl>oar before said com-
mittee and answer such proper nuestioiio as shall
