3612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
row I-will propose that bill extending a patent
as an amendment to this appropriation bill;
Snd surely there is no bill pending in the Senate
which would not be in order for the same reason.
Now, Mr. President, one word upon the mat-
ter of discretion, which, as the Senator from
Indiana truly says, is one of the elements of this
question. Suppose it were in order, in some
sense, to consider a subject notgermane to the
appropriation bill, ought we to take up a sub-
ject great and complex, in itself perhaps the
mostimportantsubjeetofiegislation, and mingle
that with an appropriation bill, and undertake
to have it go through as a sort of codicil or
addendum to this bill? It seems to me that
that line of proceeding would be unworthy of
the subject and unworthy of the Senate.
The bill which is proposed as an amendment
of course will lead to discussion and investiga-
tion and to consideration just as much aloof
from the present subject as can possibly be.
What is the motive for attaching it to this bill ?
What do we all know is the motive? If possi-
ble to obtain its successful passage through the
two Houses as a rider to this bill which must
necessarily be passed, when, if it stood alone,
it would not be adopted. Is there any motive
for it? Certainly there can be none; and
therefore! submit that the matter of discretion,
assuming that it was strictly in order, is against
the motion ; but I insist, and shall so vote, that
it is entirely out of order, either here or in the
House of Representatives, until precedents can
be shown establishing that this body has adopted
the usage, when the objection was made and
the point of order was insisted upon, of taking
up subjects distinct by themselves and utterly
independent of all matters contained in an
appropriation bill, and legislating upon them
by way of rider to it.
As I said before, the instances referred to by
the Senator of directing the sale of a hospital
here, of doing something else there, have oc-
curred in both Houses, occurred by consent,
and occurred, perhaps, where objection has
been made, though I do not remember it, for
the reason that they were within the general
scope of the bill. But this proposition is to go
beyond all possible intendments of the present
bill as to the subjects to which it relates, and
tase up a matter independent and complex in
itself, and ingraft upon this bill, tack upon it,
j-J, language of Colonel Benton, an entirely
ditfeient subject. I submit that such a practice
ought not to prevail, and I hope it will not
prevail.
Mr. POM ]■]ROY. Mr. President, the appro-
priation bill being under consideration, the
Senator from Ohio moves to amend it by insert-
ing the provisions of the funding bill, and the
question whether he is at liberty to do so is
before the Senate for decision. I desire now
simply to state the question, for I think if it
is fairly stated to the Senate it need not be
argued. Upon an appropriation bill it is pro-
posed to ingraft legislation entirely foreign to
it. Although there is no technical rule of the
Senate against it, because the Senate always
has the largest liberty and can always exercise
the largest discretion, it is a vicious system of
legislation and ought not to be indulged in. I
should regard it as a most unfortunate prece-
dent lor the Senate to set. It never yet has
set a precedent of this character, at least not
of tiiis magnitude. It frequently on appropri-
ation bills directs how certain sums shall be
expended, but a system of funding never was
introduced on an appropriation bill, and it is
m no way germane to it. It is bad legislation
to admit it, and it ought not to be admitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. The statutes are full of
precedents on this question, and to those who
have been in the Senate for any length of time
it is not necessary for me to produce them. I
have before me a law passed in 1863, the civil
appropriation bill, containing twenty-five dif-
ferent sections, among which is a law regu-
lating the habeas corpus, another reorganizing
the Signal corps of the Army, and so on. These
provisions were in a mere eivi! bill providing
for miscellaneous expenditures. So far as pre-
cedents are concerned, there is no doobt that
this amendment is in order. If 1 felt at lib-
erty to show the importance of acting upon
the funding bill, I think I could convince every
Senator, or nearly every Senator, that we ought
to act upon it at this session.
Mr. POMEROY. I admit the importance
of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I say that my desire
is, and I intend to present squarely to the Sen-
ate the proposition whether or not they will
adjourn this session of Congress without making
some provision for the reduction of the burden
of the public debt. I do not want to do it
on the point of order, because, as a matter of
course, unless the Senate are satisfied not only
first of the correctness of this proposition, but
second, that it ought to be put for reasons that
shall be given on an appropriation bill, they
will vote against it. If they have doubts about
either the merits of the proposition or the pro-
priety of putting it on an appropriation bill,
they will vote against it on the final vote; but
on the question whether it is in order accord-
ing to the practice of the Senate, I cannot
think that any person who has been here any
considerable length of time can doubt for a
moment.
The rule in the House of Representatives
referred to by the Senator from New York does
exclude it there, because no amendment can
be put upon an appropriation bill in the House
which changes the existing law. Even where
new items of appropriation are proposed they
cannot be put on an appropriation bill there,
because they are in the nature of new legisla-
tion^ Almost every legislative act changes an
existing law, and the House rule forbids that
being done on the appropriation bills ; but in
the Senate we have never practiced upon that.
On the contrary, we seek the appropriation
bills sometimes, not only to carry convenient
amendments, but to assert great principles ;
and I might go to many instances in the his-
tory of this Government where the Senate
have attached important legislative provisions
to appropriation bills, and have presented them
in that way forcibly to the country. I say that
it there ever was a case for it this is the one.
The singular spectacle is presented in this
country ot the United States paying six per
cent, interest in gold on over due bonds which
we have a right to redeem, while at the same
time our notes held by each of us, and which
we compel the people of the United States to
take, are below the par of anything else issued
by the Uuited States, and cannot buy any bond
or security issued by the United States, and
are now worth in gold but sixty to seventy
cents on the dollar. While that condition of
affairs stands we arc justified in proposing to
remedy it, and I think we ought to avail our-
selves of every medium to present that ques-
tion to the House of Representatives, and I
am satisfied that this proposition will receive
the sanction of the House of Representatives
if it is passed here. That is my opinion, but
I may be mistaken. As a matter of course, I
would not force this proposition on the House
of Representatives. If it receives a majority
of the votes of the Senate and a majority of the
votes of the House of Representatives it be-
comes the law of the land on this appropriation
bill as well as anywhere else. If it should not
receive a majority of the House of Represent-
atives, as a matter of course the Senate would
not insist on the amendment; but that we
ought to present this question and do some-
thing to carry out this view I have no doubt.
I feel cramped in attempting to debate a
question of this kind on a point of order, and
1 will not do it. I think the Senate ought to
assert its right, its power, its rule, its custom,
its law to put on an appronriatioii bill any
amendment of a legislative character. When
that right is asserted I am then willing to show
that this amendment comes within any rule i
the Senate may choose to prescribe; that it is
in the highest degree important, necessary,
vital, and defensible. '
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I suppose
this is altogether a question of order, and the
objection made to the amendment, it appears
to me, must fall to the ground unless reference
can be made to some rule by which it is ex-
eluded. It may be inexpedient to offer such
an amendment; but will the Senate decide
that a proposed amendment is not in order
because in their judgment it is inexpedient to
attach it to the pending bill or to adopt it?
Suppose tho Senate should decide now that
this amendment is not in order, what sort of a
precedent would that constitute? Is it to be
assumed now, for the first time in the history
of the legislation of the Senate, thatany amend-
ment which does not relate to the matter of
appropriation shall not be incorporated into a
bill of this description?
I submit that the Senate is not willing at this
time to debar itself from that privilege, for it
does become absolutely necessary at times to
put upon a miscellaneous appropriation bill
some provision of law which does not relate to
appropriations, and the Senate must be afraid
of itself, must be afraid of its own judgment,
if it establishes a rule which invariably debars
it of the privilege of putting on any such
amendment.
I hope that this great question, and it is one of
immense magnitude to this country, as it seems
to me, will not be decided upon a mere point
of order. I do not see how it can be affirmed
that this amendment is not in order. If it
cannot be so affirmed, then it strikes me to be
very unwise for the Senate, without consider-
ing the merits of the proposition, or the neces-
sity for it, to refuse to consider it.
Mr. CON KLIN G. The Senator from Ore-
gon will allow me to make a suggestion. He
treats this as if the question were whether this
■subject, which he styles a great, one, shall be
considered, in connection with this bill or not
at all. Will the Senator explain to me why it
is, if we are allowed to finish this bill without
it, the subject to which he refers cannot then
be taken up separately just as well as to be
appended to this bill? Wrhat is the point
about that? I ask for information. I do not
understand.
Mr. WILLIAMS. _ I have reasons for insist-
ing upon adding this amendment to the bill
which I suppose it is not proper for me to state
to the Senate, as they relate to matters in the
other branch of Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Oregon will not think that because "Senators
vote that this amendment is not in order they
are. therefore opposed to the funding bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It amounts-to that.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from Kansas that there is no other prospect of
passing any funding bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know about that.
I will not vote to put that measure on the
appropriation bill, although I will vote for it
on its merits.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply say in refer-
ence to that remark that it seems to me a Sen-
ator who, with a reasonable conviction on his
mind that such a bill as this, which is of this
vast importance, ought to pass, votes that it
shall not be passed upon a mere matter of form,
is sacrificing the interests of the country to a
mere matter of form in the Senate; and it
seems to me that is not wise or judicious legis-
lation.
Mr. POMhltOY. It is no more germane
to this bill than a bill for a railroad in Oregon
would be or a bill to extend a patent, as the
Senator from New York said.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That may be true; but
Jt does not follow that every proposition which
is not germane to the bill is not in order.
Although I am not familiar with the practice
of the Senate, I undertake to say that no pre-
cedent for excluding this amendment can be
found in the history of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that during the Mexican war a loan bill
was attached to an appropriation bill.
. Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe this is the first
time I have ever undertaken to discuss a qiues-
