180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1L
December 13,
tional duties should be omitted for purposes of
present and temporary expediency. On this
great subject 1 would—
"Nothing extenuate.
Nor aught set down in malice,"
but I would maintain unimpaired the just pow-
ers atid rights of the people and of every
department of the Government against all
encroachments, at all hazards; and for this
posterity would rise up and call us blessed.
There is time for every duty, and none should
be omitted. Rather than this should happen
I would have Congress remain in continuous
session to the 4th day of March, 1869.
No just man would urge impeachment to
gain political party advantages, or because
the President does not sanction the policy of
Congress, for this, like any infraction of the
Constitution, might "return to plague the in-
ventors."
But a just impeachment for a sufficient cause
may save the nation from future wrongs and
even revolutions, for the people cannot and
will not long endure the assumption of impe-
rial power without redress either in the forms
of the Constitution or by others less peaceful.
This is the lesson which the world's history
teaches; and if we close our eyes to the fact,
our own neglect—the omission to impeach—
may in a thousand forms "return to plague
the inventors," if it may not bequeath us a
heritage of despotism. The history of this
country and of England for two centuries af-
fords ample guaranty that the day of unjust
impeachment is past. The danger rather lies
in the failure to employ this high conservative
power when demanded by the- public safety.
(Story's Constitution, 744.)
Theovershadowing power and patronage of
the President, with offices, honors, and emolu-
ments to gratify ambition and avarice all at
his command to tempt the unscrupulous and
bribe them to his support, may yet overthrow
the power of the people, and the nation at last
fall an easy prey to executive corruptions aud
encroachments.
Mr. Chairman, it may be there are some who
are awed into submission by the threatening
tone of the President's annual message. If
this be so it is high time that we should cease
"to take counsel of our fears" and deliberate
only on our duties. The time will never come
when a President shall dare to resist the judg-
ments of the Senate or when the people will
lack courage to enforce them.
WHAT WILL EE SHOWN.
And now, sir, I proceed to inquire, not as
to all, but what are some of the high crimes
and misdemeanors of which the President has
been guilty; and then I will endeavor to show
that these are impeachable within the letter
and spirit of the Constitution.
HISTORICAL StTMJlART.
Andrew Johnson became President April
15, 1865. On the 26th of May the last of the
rebel armies surrendered and flagrant war
ceased. (President's message, December 18,
1865.) In seven of the insurrectionary Stales
rebel State governments then existed and none
other. The so-called "Johnston-Sherman''
arrangement of April 18, proposing that these
rebel State governments should be recognized
was disapproved by President Johnson, and
by military orders they were swept out of ex-
istence. (Impeachment evidence, 707, 714,
400, 410.) The people of these States were
thus left without any civil State government.
A GRAVE QUESTION.,
By whose authority civil State governments
should be reestablished, the time when, and the
terms were the gravest questions of civil admin -
istration ever presented to the people of the Re-
public. They involved the inquiry whether the
structure of governments could be reared, the
civil and political rights of millions of people
be determined, aud the terms of restoration be
dictated bjr presidential power without law, in
Reliance of Congress and the people alike of ;
. the loyal and the disloyal States, • I
WHAT THE PRESIDENT DID—USURPATION OP POWER.
On the 20th of May, 1865, the President
appointed a provisional governor for North |
Carolina by proclamation, and required him—
"At the earliest practicable period to prescribe
such rules and regulations as inay bo necessary and
proper for convening a convention, composed of del-
egates to be chosen by that portion of the people of
said State who arc loyal to the United States, andno
others, tor the purpose of altering or amending the
constitution thereof; and with authority to exercise
within the limits of said State all the powers neces-
sary and proper to enable such loyal people of the
State of North Carolina to restore said State to its
constitutional relations to the Federal Government,
and to present such a republican form of State gov-
ernment as will entitle the State to the guarantee of
the United States therefor, and its people to protec-
tion by the United States against invasion, insur-
rection, and domestic violence: Provided, That in
any election that may be hereafter held for choosing
delegates to any State convention, as aforesaid, no
person shall be qualified as an elector, or shall be
eligible as a member of such convention, unless he
shall have previously taken the oath of amnesty, as
set forth in the President's proclamation of May 29,
A. D. 1865, and is a voter qualified as prescribed by
the constitution and laws of the State in force imme-
diately and before theiiOth day of May, 1861, the date
of the so-called ordinance of seoession; and the said ,
convention when convened, or the Legislature that
may be thereafter assembled, will prescribe the qual-
ification of electors and the eligibility of persons to
hold office under the constitution and laws of the
State."
And the President directed—
" That the military commander of the department,
1 and all officers and persons in the military and naval
service, aid and assist the said provisional governor
in carrying into effect this proclamation."
The oath of amnesty was as follows:
"I, , do solemnly swear, (or affirm.) in pres-
ence of Almighty God, that X will henceforth faith-
fully support, protect, and defend tho Constitution
of the United States and the Union of the States
thereunder; and that I will, in like manner, abide
by and faithfully support all laws and proclamations
which have been made during the existing rebellion
with rcferenco to the emancipation of slaves: so help
me God."—Senate Executive Document No. 26, firnt
tension Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Six other similar officers were appointed by
like proclamations for Mississippi, Georgia,
Texas, Alabama, South Carolina, and Florida.
The President assumed the power to create
the office of provisional governor, although it
was unknown to the Constitution or laws ; to
regulate the qualilications of electors and offi-
cers in the work of reorganization ; enfranchis-
ing rebels who would take the oath he pre-
scribed and disfranchising the freedmen. By
his proclamations and instructions afterward
given he caused State governments controlled
by and in the interest of rebels to be established
in these States, never submitted to a vote of the
people, and which deprive the great body of the
loyal citizens of all political privileges.
If the President had power to do this he
might have dictated one government for all the
rebel States as well. ("Americus" in "The
Right Way" ol'February 10, 1806; Federalist,
Nos. 69-75.)
HIS USUBPATION DECIDED BY CONGRESS AND THE
8UPBEME COURT.
Congress has twice solemnly, under the sanc-
tion of official oaths, and by majorities of more
than two thirds in each House, declared this
work of the President a usurpation, and the
State governments of his creation illegal, and
in that declaration the distinguished gentlemen
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] and from Vermont
[Mr. Woodbridge] most cordially united.
The preamble to the act of Congress of March
2, 1867, luiflwn as the "reconstruction act,"
and which provides a mode of establishing law-
ful State governments to supersede these crea-
tions of the President, is in these words:
" Whereas no legal State government* or adequate
protection for life or property now exist in the rebel
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida,
iexas, and Arkansas; and whereas it is necessary
that peaeet and good order should be enforced in said
States until loyal and republican State governments can
be legally established: Therefore," &c.
And by the supplementary act of July 19,
1867, it is—
"Declared to have been the true intent and mean-
ing of the act of the 2d day of March, 1867, enti-
tled ' An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebol States,' and of the act supple-
mentary thereto, passed on the 23d day of March, in
the year 1867, that tho governments then existing iu
the rebel States of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
Florida, Texas, and Arkansas, were not legal State
governments; and that thereafter said governments
if continued, were to be continued subject in all
respects to the military commanders of the respect-
ive districts and to the paramount authority of Con-
gress." ,
Either Congress is wrong or the President
is guilty of usurpation.
The Supreme Court has decided that the
power of reorganizing State governments is
exclusively in Congress, and the President is
therefore guilty of an unparalleled and mon-
strous usurpation. (7 Howard Reports 1, Mis-
sissippi case, April 15, 1867, United States
Supreme Court.)
THE PRESIDENT ADMITS HIS USURPATION.
These emphatic declarations of Congress
and of the courts forever remove all pretext
for justifying the President on the ground that
a " state of icar" existed which authorized
"temporary military" government. (19 How-
ard, 194; Attorney General's letter, January 4,
1866.) But if military government could be set
up by the President during flagrant war or the
state of war succeeding it, it could only be
done through military officers and not by civil
provisional governors unauthorized by any law.
But a temporary military government to exer-
cise power only as such is one thing—its em-
ployment to create a permanent civil State
government is quite different—and the civil
government of its Creation is yet another thing.
And it was this consummation which the Pres-
ident sought and accomplished.
The President, through his Secretary of State,
in telegrams of July 24 and September 12,
1865, the former to the provisional governor
of Mississippi and the latter to the provisional
governor of Florida, declared as to one:
" The government of the State will be provisional
only until the eivil authorities shall be restored with
the approval of Congress
And as to the other:
" It must, however, be distinctly understood that
the restoration to which your proclamation refers
will be subject to the decision of Congress."
ADDITIONAL USURPATION.
But the usurpation of establishing State
governments to prejudge the duties of, and to
be thrust upon Congress, is aggravated by the
additional substantive crime, that the President
repeatedly recognized and treated as legal and
entitled to all the rights of valid States these
illegal organizations not only before Congress
had acted on the subject, but after their appro-
val and recognition had been refused.
During the administration of President Lin-
coln Congress had repeatedly asserted their
exclusive right to control reorganization. (Sen-
ate Report 127, second session Thirty-Eighth
Congress; Sherman's speech, Senate, Febru-
ary 26, 1866; Globe, volume 60, (1861-62,) pages
3091, 3138; Globe, volume 59, 2447, 2596;
Act February 9, 1863; 12 United States Stat-
utes, 646.)
Congress first met, under President John-
son's administration, December 4, 1865. On
that day the President's annual message, re-
ferring to his plan of reconstruction, said:
" It is not too much to ask, in the name of the
whole people, that on the one side the plan of restor-
ation shall proceed in conformity with a willingness
to cast the disorders of the past into oblivion; and
that on the other the evidence of sincerity in the
future maintenance of the Union shall be put beyond
any doubt by the ratification of the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution, which provides for the abo-
lition of slavery forever within the limits of our coun-
try."     « * "Indeed it is not too much
to ask of the States which are now resuming their
places in the family of the Union to give this pledge
of perpetual loyalty and peace." *   * *
"The amendment to the Constitution being adopted,
it would remain for the States, whose powers nave
been so long in abeyance, to resume their places in
the two branches of the national Legislature, and
thereby complete the work of restoration. Here it is
for you, fellow-citizens of the Senate, and for you,
fellow-citizens of the House of Representatives, to
judge, each of you for yourselves, of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of your own members."
Looking back from the position we now oc-
cupy, it is apparent that the President's purpose
was to declare that the adoption of the consti-
tutional amendment abolishing slavery, which
