1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
ized person during all that time to hold the
office and discharge its duties. Sir, the Pres-
ident is estopped from, setting up any such
claim by his own acts in the premises. If there
was during all that time a vacancy why did he
not fill it by appointment, as the-Constitution
authorized him to do during a recess of the
Senate? Did he, the watchful guardian and
vigilant protector of the Constitution, allow an
entirely unauthorized person, an interloper,
without a shadow of rignt, to occupy that high
and responsible position for so long a time un-
challenged and unquestioned ?
Sir, 1 beseech gentlemen not to stultify the
man they seek to justify, as they do by this
argument.
The course of the President in the matter is
sufficient refutation of this assumption on the
part of his friends here, that Edwin M. Stan-
ton was not Secretary of War. In his message
to the Senate of August 12,1867, Mr. Johnson
states that in March, 1867, an irreconcilable
difference of opinion arose between himself and
Mr. Stanton. Mr. Stanton .alone, of all the
Cabinet, standing out in opposition to the Pres-
ident's policy of reconstruction, and (using
his own language) Mr. Stanton was well aware
' 'that his continuance in the Cabinet was against
my wishes, for I had repeatedly given him so
to understand by every mode short of an ex-
press request to resign."
Now, sir, in this state of affairs what does the
President do ? If the theory I have referred to
is correct, the President would have said:
"Mr. Stanton, you are holdingthis office with-
out authority, only by my sufferance; your term
of office has long since expired, and I appoint
your successor, absolutely, as the law author-
izes me to do, in case of a vacancy." But he
does not take this course. Hear his own state-
ment:
" Having waited full time for the voluntary action
of Mr. Stanton, and seeing no manifestation^ of an
intention on his part to resign, T addressed him tho
following note on the 5th of August, 1867:
"Sir: Public considerations of a high character
constrain me to say that your resignation as Secre-
tary of War will be accepted.
" ANDREW JOHNSON."
The President's defenders here say Mr. Stan-
ton was not legally Secretary of War, The
President said:
"Your resignation as Secretary of War will bo
accepted."
I should be glad to have some of these gen-
tlemen explain how a man can legally resign
an office which he does not legally hold ? Verily
the President's acts §ire sufficient answer to
the gentlemen's arguments.
Again, sir, in reply to this polite request
to resign, Mr. Stanton declined, and stated :
"That public considerations of a high character,
which alone induced him to retain the office, con-
strained him not to resign before tho meeting of Con-
gress."
Does the President now proceed as if there
was a vacancy, and the office was held by an
intruder or one having no authority to liold it?
No, sir; on the contrary, he permitted him to
retain the office until the 12th of the same
month, and then—what? removed him? No,
sir; suspended him, and appointed General
Grant Secretary of War ad interim. I should
like the advocates of this weak defense to
explain howaman can be "suspended" from
an office which he does not hold. To '1 sus-
pend " is to interrupt, to stay, to cause to cease
for a time—not permanently, but for a time.
The gentlemen claim that Stanton was not
legally Secretary of War, that he was there by
sufferance of the President, with no legal right,
and that the President could remove him at
pleasure. The President first requested-him
to resign, and upon refusal suspended him,
and sent the reasons for the suspension to the
Senate. The President, sir, by his own acts
has precluded himself from saying that Edwin
M. Stanton, on the 21st of February, was not
legally Secretary of War, and is estopped by
his own conduct from claiming that by the law
he had the right of absolute removal.
But it is claimed in defense of the President's
action that he regarded the law of March, 1867,
as unconstitutional, and that he had the right
to construe it for himself and to act accord-
ingly, and disregard it.
Sir, if the law is unconstitutional it will be
a good defense before the Senate on the trial
of the impeachment, and if that tribunal, sitting
as a court, can be convinced that the law—
which the same body, acting under an oath to
support the Constitution, passed by more than
a two-thirds majority—is unconstitutional, then
the President will be acquitted so>>far as the
violation of the provisions of said law are con-
cerned.
But, sir, that the President in good faith
believed the law to be unconstitutional is no
defense. Like any other executive officer the
President acts at his peril in assuming a law to
be unconstitutional. I do not propose now to
argue the constitutionality of the law. The
fact that it received the indorsement of two
thirds of both branches of Congress would seem
to be a pretty strong indorsement of its con-
stitutionality.
But, sir, did the President regard the law as
unconstitutional? Then where did he get his
authority to suspend the Secretary of War?
Nothing of the kind is authorized by any law,
except by this civil-tenure act. Why did he fol-
low out the requirements of the law in August,
1867, in suspending and in afterward sending
in his reasons therefor within twenty days after
the meeting of the Senate, and in pursuing
fully the requirements of said law, if he thought
the law unconstitutional ? Acting upon the
rule laid down by his advocates on this floor
why did he not at that time disregard the law
and its provisions, instead of implicitly follow-
ing its requirements?
Sir, Andrew Johnson has claimed, ever since
his accession to the office, to be the great de-
fender of the Constitution. He has talked
about the Constitution continually by day,
and, I have no doubt, dreamed about it by
night. He has taken possession of it bodily,
and has carried it around the country, to ex-
hibit it to the people of the northern States,
who, of course, knew nothing about it; and
from railroad depots, hotel balconies, and dry-
goods boxes has expatiated upon tho sacred-
ness of the Constitution and his high mission
as its defender against a band of conspirators
and usurpers hanging upon the verge of the
Government and claiming to be a Congress.
And yet this same man has, during all that
time, been violating its plainest provisions and
subverting its authority for the purpose of put-
ting traitors and rebels in power.
In his own history I cannot but bo forcibly
reminded of a remark made by himself:
" When you bear a man continually prating about
the Constitution spot him, for he's a traitor."
I would not go so far as he did, but I will
say that those who boast the loudest about
their love of the Constitution arc not always
tho most reliable friends.
Sir, I trust we all love the Constitution and
will support and defend it. Gentlemen talk
about this illegal Congress trampling upon
and subverting the Constitution. Why, sir, it
is to the untiring devotion and unwavering
fidelity of Congress to the Government of our
fathers, the Union and the Constitution, aided
by a faithful and patriotic President and up-
held and sustained by a loyal and brave peo-
ple, that we are indebted for the Constitution
and Government we have to-day.
Sir, I am myself a new member of this body,
but surrounded as I am here to-day upon this
floor by the patriotic men who sat here during
the dark and bloody days of tho Republic, and
with more than Roman fidelity, firmness, and
courage for long years battled against treason
and rebellion, both secret and open, and car-
ried the Government safely through all its per-
ils until all its enemies submitted to its power,
I cannot but hear with indignation and hurl
back with scorn the imputation, come fnom
whatever source it may, that the Congress of
the United States inteuds to subvert the Con-
stitution of tho country. On the contrary,
sir, the Constitution and the laws will bo vin-
dicated by this body in the future, as they have
been in the past. The Constitution has been
violated, not by Congress, but by the unfaith-
ful Chief Magistrate of the nation, whom this
House of Representatives, in the name of all
the people of the United States, has already
impeached at the bar of the Senate, ami who,
I trust in God, for the sake of liberty and the
cause of suffering humanity, will be stripped of
his authority and remanded to private life.
Mr. PIKE then addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I suppose that
by the presentation of these articles to this
Ilouse it is made the duty of the House to
inquire whether they be true or false—whether
each article contains a false accusation against
tho President or whether it be true. Having
discussed the other day all these articles in sub-
stance, except the last, I will devote no fur-
ther time to them now. So far as the last is
concerned, it does appear to me that no body
of men, desiring to reach any result, ever did,
in the history of human legislation, attempt to
base it upon such flimsy and shadowy and ab-
solutely unsubstantial testimony as that upon
which this last article is rested.
When you turn to it and read it all fair-
minded men, I take it, must arise from its
perusal with utter astonishment at finding that
it contains so little, that it is so trifling, that it
is so absolutely disgraceful to the intelligence
of this House, that such a thing as this should
be made the basis of any charge against any
officer of this country. There are not ten men
on that side of the House who, upon such evi-
dence, multiplied in substance by ten, would
convict a white man, much less a negro, of
stealing an orange.
It does seem to me that if there ever was a
time, if there ever were circumstances, in
which "trifles light as air are, to the jealous,
confirmation strong as proofs of Holy writ,"
it is now and in this case; and upon this grave
subject gentlemen upon the other side of the
House have evidently been dreaming over this
thing, and torturing their imaginations and
fanning their selfish fears, until they have ac-
tually persuaded themselves that there is some-
thing in this matter ; that there is some danger
that this Chief Magistrate, whom they have
placed before the world in a condition of abso-
lute official nakedness, can do them some harm;
everybody knows he can do the country no
harm. They fear that he may do them some
harm by defeating some cherished partisan
scheme, by preventing the installment of negro
power in this country, by preventing the success
of the designs of some men to retain power,
to retain control of this Government at the ex-
pense of the law, the Constitution, of decency,
and everything else. It is in the way of such
purposes that they find the President—nothing
more and nothing less. He is too faithful to
the Constitution and the true and original prin-
ciples of our Government, and that is the chief
measure of his offending.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gahfield] undertook to tell this House this
morning that the testimony of General Emory
shows that the President did conspire to cor-
rupt an officer of the Army and to corrupt the
Army of the United States. I asli him where
is the proof? It is not in the record here. It
has not been reported to this Ilouse liv your
committee; it is nowhere to be found upon any
written or printed page in the possession of this
House. _ Wherejs the proof? It does not exist,
except in the imagination of the honorable
gentleman.
"ft hat did the President say to General
Emory? He simply said to him that, in his
opinion, a certain section of a law was uncon-
stitutional and invalid—and why? Because it
proposes in terms to take from him the power
which the Constitution gives him in terms; it
proposes to take from him the command of the
Army, and therefore he said it was unconstitu-
tional and void. And so I say ; and so says
to-day every lawyer who has not been made,
blind by partisan zeal. And so say a huge
