1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2589
be put to you by said managers of impeachment? "
this lespondent says that he is now ready to appear
belore said committee and ariswei such proper ques-
tions us may bo put to hun by said managers—pro-
testing and asseverating again, as he has heretofore
explicitly and tuliy testified, that he was in no way
connected with any association or combination
having as its object the use of corrupt influences in
respect to the trial of the President oi the United
fc>:ates oil the articles of impeachment preferred by
this House, and also solemnly asseverating and pro-
testing that no money drawn by this respondent irom
any bank in this city or owned or held by lam, or
subjcct to his authority and control, or in his posses-
sion, was in any way u=ed in connection with the
said trial.
Respectfully submitted, C. V.\ WOOLLEY.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I have
another resolution which I propose to submit,
but before submitting it I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Bctlei:,] to ofier a resolution which, per-
haps, may be proper at this lime.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, in order that
there may be 110 misunderstanding upon this
subject, and in order that there may be no
doubt as to whether the House desires that the
fountains of public justice shall be shown to be
pure or corrupted, as the case may be, and in
order to meet all objections as to the power
of the managers I desire to submit to the
House the resolution which I send to the
Clerk's desk, upon which I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to hear the reso-
lution read, and then I propose to raise a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. Of course no question of
order ean be raised until the resolution has
been read. The question of contempt is before
the House, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts or any other member of the House has a
right to offer a resolution, subject to points of
order. The resolution will be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
liesolved. That the manager?, as a committee, be
empowered and directed to continue the investiga-
tion ordered by the resolution ot the House of the
16th instant, with ail the powers and rights conlerred
thereby, and to make such full investigation as will
determine the truth of the matters and things set
ioith in the preamble to said resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose that resolu-
tion is subject to the ordinary objection. The
managers admit by this resolution that they
ha\ e no longer any rights or privileges before
the House as managers, and they have no right
to introduce resolutions any more than any
other members of the House, and therefore a
single objection to the resolution must prevent
its present introduction.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin makes the point of order that a single
objection prevents the House from consider-
ing the resolution. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and he does so upon the fol-
lowing grounds: the question of contempt is
now before the House. It is a question which
the House has ordered to be brought before
itself. The managers reported that the wit-
ness refused to answer questions, submitting
the questions and the answers to the House,
and the House ordered the witness to be
brought to its bar and arraigned. That ques-
tion is before the House. The question then
arises, what will the House do in the premises?
Any resolution naturally growing out of this
question of contempt would properly be in
order. For instance, it would be in order to
require the witness at the bar to answer any
question propounded to him by the gentleman
irom Massachusetts [Mr. Butleu] or the gen-
tleman irom Wisconsin [Mr. Eluridge] or,
as they have done this day, by the Speaker.
The Chair is clearly of the opinion that the
managers of the impeachment are not now in
office; that their duties and lights as man-
agers terminated with the termination of the
trial in the Se«ate. Unquestionably the House,
having committed to them previously to the
end of this trial matters for special investiga-
tion, could", by so stating it in the resolution,
have continued their existence until that invest-
igation was completed. But the preamble and
resolution adopted for the purpose of conduct-
ing the investigation clearly limited it to the
recent trial of impeachment. The preamble is
as follows:
" Whereas information has come to the managers
which seems to them to furnish probable causc to
believe that improper or corrupt means have been
used to influence the determination of the Senate
upon the articles of impeachment exhibited to the
Senate by the House of Representatives against the
President of the United States: Thereloxe."
The preamble often limits and defines the
scope otthe resolution, and in this case shows
that the investigation was to be in regard to
alleged corruption, or the use of improper or
corrupt means to influence the action of the
Senate upon the articles of impeachment.
But the resolution is still more clear. It is as
follows:
_ "Be it resolved, That for the furtherand more effi-
cient prosecution of the impeachment of the Presi-
dent the managers be directed and instructed to
summon and examine witnesses under oath, to send
tor persons and papers, to employ a stenographer,
and to appoint sub-committees to take testimony,
the expenses thereof to be paid from the contingent
fund ot the House."
This is a clear and distinct limitation that
the investigation is '' for the further and more
efficient prosecution of the im peachment of the
President." During that investigation the
witness now at the bar of the House appeared
before the managers and refused to answer.
By the report of the managers yesterday, he
again appeared before them, and, as the man-
agers allege, gave evasive answers. The invest-
igation is delayed for several days by the !
House not being in regular session. On the j
first day that it is again in session since Wednes- I
day last the managers presented the ease to ;
the House for their adjudication. The House ;
ordered the witness to be arrested by the Ser- !
geant-at-Arms and presented to the bar of the
House this day. It may have been possible
that, but for the refusal of this witness to an-
swer, this investigation would have been term-
inated before this time. It certainly has
been delayed by the refusal of the witness to
answer, and now the power of the managers
has ceased by the adjournment of the Senate,
sine die, sitting for the trial.
The managers on yesterday brought the ease
of contempt before the House. The House
can now refer the investigation to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary or to the gentlemen who
were the managers or to any one or more mem-
bers of the House, as they may see lit: or they
can order the Speaker, as they have done to-
day, to conduct the investigation here, in the
presence of the House and the reporters and
the spectators. That is a matter for the House
to determine. Their power is unquestionable.
The Chair, therefore, rules that, as this nat-
urally grows out of this question, it is a priv-
ileged resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The resolution, if the
Chair will permit me to say, does not in any
manner relate to the contempt by this witness.
It provides for the managers continuing the
investigation which they have commenced. It
is, therefore, an independent resolution, not
growing out of this particular contempt. Ac-
cording to the very position the Chair has
stated, that the House might refer this matter
to the Committee on the Judiciary or to any
other committee, this is a proposition to raise
a new committee or to continue the managers
for a new purpose.
The SPEAKER. Clearly this question does
not present itself to the mind of the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eluridge] and the mind
of the Speaker from the same stand-point. The
investigation by the managers was in regard to
alleged corrupt means used to influence the de-
termination of the Senate on the articles of im-
peachment. The managers state in their report
that that investigation has been delayed, hin-
dered, to some extent frustrated, by the action
of the witness in refusing to answer the ques-
tions propounded to him by them, and that
they were prevented by the prolonged adjourn-
ment of the House last week from bringing the
matter before the House last week. But upon
the first day when the House held a session for
business the managers brought the matter be-
fore the House for their action. The Chair
thinks most clearly, and he does not see how
tne gentleman from Wisconsin can differ with
him, that this is a privileged resolution grow-
ing directly out of the investigation, which has
been delayed by the action of the witness. It
is for the House now to determine whether
they will continue the investigation, and, if so,
to what extent they will limit it; and they may
limit it, if they see fit, to this one witness.
The House may authorize the committee to
investigate matters growing out of the testi-
mony of this witness, if he testifies before
them, or may vote down the resolution and
decide that this matter shall end here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My point is that the reso-
lution does not refer to this subject at all. It
is an independent resolution proposing to
continue this committee.
The SPEAKER. It certainly proposes to
continue the committee in the investigations
already ordered by the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And, therefore, I say I
have the right as an individual member to
object to the resolution, because it is not now *
in order under the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs with the
gentleman, and thinks the resolution is clearly
privileged, growing out of the matter now
before the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. With great respect for
the Speaker, I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The question then is, Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the House ?
Mr. RANDALL. Before that question is
taken I would like to ask the Chair whether
an opportunity will be presented to amend this
resolution.
The SPEAKER. If the House'should sus-
tain the Chair in deciding the resolution to be
in order, and if the previous question should
not be seconded, the resolution would be open
to amendment. The Chair lias already stated,
in ruling upon the point, that the House might,
if it should see fit, limit the examination to
this witness, or might require it to be extended
further, so as to embrace all the allegations as
to the employment of corrupt means to influ-
ence the votes of Senators.
Mr. RANDALL. So far as the impeach-
ment is concerned this board of managers has
ceased to have any powers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so held.
Mr. RANDALL. This resolution now pro-
poses to give them fresh powers as a commit-
tee of the House.
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. RANDALL. My wish is to offer an
amendment. It will be observed that the
managers are composed pf gentlemen repre-
senting but one side of the House; the minor-
ity have no representation on the board what-
ever. It seems to me that there should be
no objection, if this committee is to be contin-
ued, to allowing some representation to the
minority.
Mr. PILE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
without unanimous consent, and objection is
made. The pending question is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the House?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the appeal be laid on the table.
Mr. PRUYN. Before that question is put
I would like to make a suggestion.
Mr. PAINE. 1 object to any further debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Chair rules that it is in the power of the
House, the question being properly before it,
to decide that the Speaker, or any one mem-
ber of the House, or any five members, or any
committee of the House, may continue this
investigation already ordered by the House.
From that decision the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. El.DRinon] appeals, and the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. WAKirariiXE] moves
that the appeal be laid on the table.
