186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
majority of the most able representatives of
the press of that side of the House. And.so
will the courts say if the time shall ever eomo
when reason is restored in this country and the
courts are free again. What the President said
of that second section of the act of 1867, in
speaking with General Emory, was :
" This is not in accordance with the Constitution
of the United States, which makes me Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy,or withthelanguage
of the commission which you hold."
But when that appropriation bill, containing
that obnoxious and unconstitutional second
section attempting to deprive the President of
his constitutional authority as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy was sent to him
for his approval and signature, he did sign it,
in order to save the appropriations, and to the
end that the Government might go on, but he
returned with it the following protest:
To the House of Representatives :
The act entitled "An act making appropriations
for tho support of theAriny for the year ending June
30,1'HliS, and for other purposes," contains provisions
to which I must call attention. These provisions are
contained in the second section, which in certain
cases virtually deprives the President of his eonsti-
stutional functions as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army; and in the sixth section, which denies to ten
States of the Union their constitutional right to pro-
tect themselves in any emergency, by means of their
own militia. These provisions are out of place in an
appropriation act; butl am compelled to defeat these
necessary appropriations if I withhold my signature
from the act. Pressed by these considerations, I l'eel
constrained to return the bill with my signature, but
to accompany it with my earnest protest against tho
sections which 1 haveindicated.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., March 2,1867.
It appears to me that in view of the express
provisions of the Constitution—so clear and
plain as not to admit of doubt or construction—
the objections of the President are absolutely
unanswerable. The section was itself, in its
very conception, an outrage, a fraud upon the
President and the Constitution, injected into an
important appropriation bill with which it had
no proper connection whatever, on the eve of
an adjournment, for the very evil purpose of
thus forcing the approval of it by the Execu-
tive.
Read that extraordinary section, having no
parallel in American legislation, and let the
people, as honest men, answer to their con-
sciences, if it is not a mean and unconstitu-
tional attempt to strip the Executive of his
rightful prerogatives.
The following is the second section referred
to in the above message :
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the head-
quarters of the General of the Army of the United
States shall be at tho city of Washington, and all
orders and instructions relating to military opera-
tions issued by tho President or Secretary of War
shall be issued through tlieGeneral of the Army, and,
in case of his inability, through the next in rank.
The General of tho Armyshall not be removed, sus-
pended, or relieved Irom command, or assigned to
duty elsewhere than at said headquarters, except at
his own request, without the previous approval of
the Senate ; and any orders or instructions relating to
military operations issued contrary to the require-
ments of this section shall be null and void; and any
officer who shall issue orders or instructions contrary
to theprovisionsofthissection shall bo deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor in office, and any officer of the
Army who shall transmit, convey, or obey any orders
or instructions so issued contrary to the provisions
of this section, knowing that such orders were so
issued, shall be liable to imprisonment for not less
than two nor more than twenty years upon convic-
tion thereof in any courtof competent jurisdiction."
And that same honorable gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] tells the House that in
the investigation of the truth of these articles
they may look into all the evidence that has
heretofore been reported by tho Committee on
the Judiciary, and that from that evidence they
may derive the animus which has dictated all
the subsequent conduct of the President. Does
that gentleman mean to tell us, as a lawyer,
that the Senate of the United States, sitting as
a court to try these charges, will suffer that lat-
itude of investigation—will suffer that evidence
to be brought into the Senate Chamber, in the
persons of the witnesses who gave it, and allow
them to repeat it subject to the right of cross-
examination? If hedoes say that, I say to him
that he is, T think, alone amongthe lawyers of
this House in that opinion, and the result of
the trial before the^Senate will sustain my con-
clusion. They have desired, by the very shape
they have given to these articles, by their adroit-
ness in evading the previous charges against
the President, above all things to exclude from
the consideration of the Senate all of that evi-
dence. And why? Because it would furnish
their strongest condemnation, it would show
the utter frivolousness and contemptibleness
of all this proceeding. And it is rapidly be-
coming contemptible; it is rapidly becoming a
very ridiculous farce in the estimation of the
good people of this country. It has become so
much so that it is no longer treated with even
decent gravity in this House. And honorable
gentlemen themselves cannot rise in their seats
here and discuss it with any show of gravity.
The scenes daily witnessed in this House dem-
onstrate that we are not sitting as adcliberative
body at all, and still less a judicial tribunal, but
merely as a partisan, political assembly, to re-
cord under the forms of law the arrogant and
inexorable decrees of caucus. The minority
here are subjected to the personal humiliation
of being compelled to discuss, in the space of
fifteen minutes, to such of us as can get the
floor, the gravest propositions ever presented to
a legislative body. Such a proceeding is a
mere mockery; it is a ridiculous burlesque on
the very idea of honorable and statesmanlike
deliberation and discussion.
It is attempted to make the impression upon
the country that there are endangered here the
liberties of this country and our constitutional
forms of government. They are, indeed, en-
dangered, not by the President, but only by
the Radical majority in this Congress. I know
of but one parallel in ridiculousness te this pro-
ceeding, and that was furnished to this House
by somebody on last Thursday or Friday. I
refer to the time when there was presented here
a letter or dispatch from the partisan .Radical
chief of the metropolitan police of the city of
New York, which could only have been de-
signed to operate upon the credulity and pre-
judices of the popular mind of this country,
and was so utterly contemptible in itself as to
excite nothing but derision here. I refer to
that humbug nonsense about nitro-glycerinc.
I think this impeachment farce has become
about equal to that, and is about as baseless.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Lawrence] had the kindness to inform us on
this side of the House that not only all his
Republican constituents were in favor of the
impeachment of the President, but that a large
majority of his Democratic constituents wore
in favor of the same thing.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman to yield for a correction. The
gentleman, 1 suppose, does not mean to mis-
represent me ?
Mr. KERR. Certainly not.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I said
that the Republicans were a unit on this sub-
ject, and that a portion of the Democratic
party approved of impeachment.
Mr. KERR. And the gentleman also said,
Mr. Chairman, that he had been so advised by
them in person and by letter. Now, sir, I am
a Democrat. I have never been anything else.
I do not know whether the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania was ever a Democrat
or not. I do not think he ever was. I hope
not. But I have always been one.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman 
Mr. KERR. I do not yield to the gentle-
man. I have been in constant association with
Democrats all my life, and especially since
this humbug and farce was sprung upon the
country ; and I have yet to hear the first Dem-
ocrat in or out of Congress intimate any such
opinion in reference to this proceeding. On
the contrary, they have all spoken of it, and I
say with perfect truthfulness that hundreds of
Republicans have spoken of it, and many of
them to me, as being disgraceful to the coun-
try, disgraceful to this House and to the Senate
of the United States. That is the way we all
hear it spoken of. We do not come here -as
the defenders of the President. W« are -not
his followers in any just political sense. We
come here as the defenders of the right, and
the condemners of the wrong of which you are
the authors in this matter. I say then .that so
far as regards the attempt to make an impres-
sion of that kind it is utterly gratuitous, and
the country will not accept it as containin^ono
particle of truth.
Then we are told that some other gentleman
said that for the mere defense of Andrew John-
son five thousand men would not cross a cer-
tain river. Well, sir, that may be so. We
never did rest our political conduct or our
principles of government upon devotion to men.
The very corner-stone, the watchword, the
shibboleth of the Democratic party, has always
been devotion to principles, to measures, not
to men. Therefore, it is that we come to the
rescue of a great department of this Govern-
ment. We rally round the Constitution of the
country and make that our stronghold and our
defense. The mere official life of President
Johnson, or if you please his physical life, is
but a small matter in comparison with the in-
finite interests, the infinite consequences, the
precious liberties, the invaluable institutions
involved in this disgraceful proceeding.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will allow me, I would like to ask
him whether the leader of his party on this
floor did not declare that the members of the
Democratic party would come hero by thou-
sands and tens of thousands and millions .to
defend Mr. Johnson?
Mr. KERR. Never.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I refer
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks. ]
Mr. KERR. Never, sir. >1 challenge the
proof. He never said any such thing.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. It can
be proved by the whole House who heard him.
Mr. KERR. No, sir; he never said any sach
thing. When gentlemen undertake, by th^it
kind of latitudinarian expression and the exer-
cise of their imaginations, to charge upon us
such things, I say I can do nothing more than
to throw them back into their teeth, and demand
the proof; it cannot be produced.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, rose.
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield any further, for
the gentleman has no proof, and there is no
need for him to again repeat the same thing.
The published remarks of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] utterly destroy the
charge.
We are also told by the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] if the President of
the United States, without the existence of
this civil-tenure law, had undertaken to remove
an officer without the consent of the Senate he
would have violated the Constitution of the
country. It seems to me he has lived to be-
come enlightened beyond all that is written and
all that was ever known before, beyond all the
wisdom of the past and the present until this
hour. He forgets that in May, 1860, the Presi-
dent removed Isaac V. Fowler from a high and
responsible office while the Senate and Congress
werean session, and he did it exactly under the
circumstances under which all other Presidents
prior to Mr. Johnson have exercised the same
power, the same right, without question. This
removal was made on the recommendation of
the then Attorney General Holt, and the posses-
sion of Mr. Fowler's office was given in charge
of a special agent of the Department, and the
Senate and the country applauded this action.
Gentlemen who desire the facts in this case
will find them in House Ex. Doc. No. 91, page
1, etseq. Yetthehonorablegentlemanhassud-
denly discovered that in that there was a viola-
tion of the Constitution, and for that the Presi-
dent should have been impeached. He has
discovered that the powers which have hitherto
been conceded to the Executive Officer of this
Government have all been wrong; that the
President himself ought to be the mere instru-
ment of the legislative power of this eojmtry,
and should have never been tolerated in exer-
cising the prerogative and powers for which ho
