1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
he had required as a condition to restoration, |
would entitle the rebel States as of right to be |
deemed legal States; and that Congress could J
only inquire into the regularity of elections as ;
from other States. (Senate Executive Docu- j
ments 26, first session Thirty-Ninth Con- !
gress.)
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman permit
a question right here? I
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly. i
Mr. MUNGEN. Was not the constitutional i
amendment alluded to in the remarks of my
colleague submitted to these States with the
consent and concurrence of Congress?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It was not.
Congress never submitted any constitutional
amendment to any one of these illegal crea-
tions of the President. It was the work of his
Secretary of State. Congress never authorized
or sanctioned it. Is the gentleman answered ?
Mr. MUNGEN. Not quite. I wish an an-
swer whether that constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery was not a sina qua non with
the radical portion of the Republican party
with whom my colleague acts? Was not the
abolition of slavery in those States one of the
things which Mr. Lincoln said should be done?
Does not my colleague indorse Mr. Lincoln?
Mr. LAYVRENCE, of Ohio. Congress
adopted a joint resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution abolishing slavery in
the several States of the Union. When the
Thirty-Ninth Congress passed a joint resolution
proposing additional amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States to be submitted
to the States entitled to-tict on the question of
ratification it was undoubtedly understood and
required by Congress that before any State
should be " restored to its practical relations
in the Union" the constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery should be adopted. But
Congress never lent its sanction in any form to
the submission of the constitutional amend-
ment abolishing slavery to any of the State
organizations existing in the rebel States; and
if any of these organizations ratified any con-
stitutional amendment it could have no legal
effect and no force until Congress should after-
ward recognize the State which had ratified it,
and thus by the doctrine of "relation"—a
principle well understood by lawyers—the rati-
fication would be made valid. If Congress
recognizes and validates an illegal State Gov-
ernment the recognition would relate back so
as to give effect to its prior ratification of the
constitutional amendment. The amendment
abolishing slavery was adopted without the
ratification of any of the illegal State govern-
ments set up by the President, for they were
not entitled to be counted in determining the
number of the States necessary to ratify any
amendment.
Mr. MUNGEN. I should like to know
whether the gentleman disavows the acts and
conclusions arrived at by the United States
district and circuit courts—Federal courts
authorized by the power of Congress?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have never
claimed that the rebel States are not in the
Union. The geographical States are all in the
Union, and their people are all in the Union ;
but I have high authority for saying that the
State governments whfeh once existed in those
States have been swept out of existence. So
Andrew Johnson declared in seven solemn
proclamations appointing seven provisional
governors for those States.
Now, as to the question of my colleague.
The judicial acts of the United States circuit
and district courts are all valid. I say that they
are valid no matter whether the State govern-
ments exist there or not; for the existence of j
the State government is not necessary to the
validity or the judicial acts of these courts. !
The destruction of a State government cannot
withdraw the power of the national courts,
exercised under the Constitution and laws of
Congress. The people of a State may destroy
their State government, but they cannot destroy
the right of the national courts to exercise
jurisdiction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Ohio where he finds author-
ity under our Constitution and laws for a cir-
cuit court, unless in an organized and existing
State?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will thank
my colleague on the Judiciary Committee to
point me to that clause of the Constitution or
any act of Congress which requires that a State
government shall continue to exist in order that
the district and circuit courts may continue to
exercise their rightful jurisdiction. Under the
Constitution and by law circuit and district
courts are organized in the States, but they are
organized for the geographical States, or rather
for districts which may consist of a geographical
State or a part of such State. But where a State
government has once existed and it has been
overthrown by rebellion or abandoned by the
people or otherwise destroyed, its extinction
does not invalidate or destroy the existence of
the national courts in that district. Why, Mr.
Chairman, during the rebellion the original
government of the State of Virginia was over-
thrown, but the district court for the State of
Virginia continued its session at Norfolk during
the whole war. And will my colleague on the
Judiciary Committee maintain that there was
any legal State government in that State under
our national Constitution during the rebellion ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think there was when
their Senators and Representatives sat in this
House and in the Senate.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That does not
answer my inquiry. I inquire of my friend
from Wisconsin whether during the whole
period of the rebellion there was a State gov-
ernment in the Stfite of Virginia which in his
judgment was a lawful State government under
the Constitution? Where a State government-
exists and a Senator or Representative in Con-
gress is elected under it, his title to the office,
with a right to sit in Congress, may continue
after the State government is destroyed. It
wasupon this principle that Senators and Rep-
resentatives continued in Congress after trie
rebellion had destroyed the State governments
under which they were originally elected.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio puts a question to me without answering
the one I put to him. But 1 will say to the
gentleman that I believe there has never been
a time since the organization of the Federal
Government when the State of Virginia has
not been a living State in this Union.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Then, Mr.
Chairman, I understand the gentleman main-
tains that the rebel State government, every
officer of which swore hostility to your Constitu-
tion, was a lawful State government under our
system.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If that be
Democracy 1 hope the people of this country
will understand, it, and then we will know that
an organized rebellion is the kind of State
government which is recognized and adopted
by the Democratic party as a lawful State
government. For the rebel State government
in Virginia supplanted the preexisting loyal
State government and became for a time the
only State organization there.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, now, Mr. Chair-
man, I have said no such thing as the gentle-
man from Ohio declares. 1 joined with him.
My State joined with his State to put down the
rebels in all of the States that were in rebel-
lion against this Government for the very pur-
pose of preserving those States, not for the
purpose of destroying them, not for the pur-
pose of keeping them out of the Union, but
for the sole purpose of keeping them in the
Union. And that is my Democracy.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chair-
man, I agree with my friend that the purpose
of the war against the rebellion was to pre-
serve the Union and keep the States in the
Union, but that does not answer the question
which I put to the gentleman. A State is
always geographically in the Union until, by
some act recognized by the political depart-
ments of the Government, the consent of the
pelitical power has been given for its separa-
tion from the Union; that is to say, the geo-
graphical State is in the Union. But will any
gentleman contend that a State government
may not be broken up and destroyed ? And
when a State government is broken up and
destroyed is there then any political State, any
State organization under our Constitution, and
is a geographical State out of the Union be-
cause it ceases to have a State government?
Now, sir, what is the condition of Virginia?
A convention in the State of Virginia passed an
ordinance of secession early in 1861; the pre-
existing State government in that State was
destroyed; its officers were driven out of power
and place, and they were superseded by other
officers under a constitution framed, not for a
State of this U nion, but of the rebel confederacy
of Jeff. Davis, and admitted into the rebel con-
federacy under the constitution of the confed-
erate States of America. Its governor, its
members of the legislature, all its officers,
from the highest to the lowest, had taken an
oath to support the constitution of the confed-
erate States of America and of the rebel State
government, and they were leagued in hostility
for the overthrow of our Constitution and our
Government, and they waged war aud enacted
laws for the purpose of detaching Virginia and
the other rebel States from our Union forever.
And does my friend maintain for one moment
that that State organization, with its rebel gov-
ernor at its head, its laws made by men who
had sworn eternal hostility to our Constitution,
and recognizing no allegiance to our Govern-
ment whatever—does he maintain that that
is a State government under our Constitution,
and that immediately upon the suppression of
the rebellion that State government was enti-
tled to be recognized as the State government
of the State of Virginia? That is precisely
I what occurred in the State of Virginia. The
I government which existed at the time of the
adoption of the ordinance of secession was
| swept out of existence, and another hostile
State government was organized there. What
I maintain is that that government never was
a State government of this Union, and I have
as authority for saying that it was not Andrew
Johnson, who in his solemn proclamation said
that "the rebellion in its revolutionary progress
had deprived the people of the rebel States of
all civil State governments."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe I am not inter-
rupting the gentleman so as to annoy him.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Not the slight-
est. I have spoken too often to be annoyed
by interrogatories.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish to do it.
I intended to have put another question to
him, the converse of the one which I first put,
which was, whether he knew of any circuit
court of the United States ever having been or-
fanized or existing anywhere except in a State?
wish to put the converse of that to him now,
whether he knows of any circuit court of the
United States ever having been legally organ-
ized os-existing in any Territory of the United
States? And before he answers that question
I wish to say to him that I prefer that heshotild
answef the question categorically which I now
put to him. I wish to know of him whether
he considers the State of \ irginia was a living
State, a political State of the Union, of the
United States, at the time when the State of
Virginia consented to the formation of the
State noV denominated West Virginia.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentle-
man puts to me two questions, and I will
endeavor to answer them seriatim. The gen-
tleman and I do not differ in the opinion that
it is within the constitutional competency of
Congress to establish courts in the Territories
of the United States. When a Territory has
passed from its territorial form into the form
of a State and is admitted into the Union of
these States it then becomes the duty of Con-
