182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
gress to organize circuit and district courts in
that State.
If these courts are once organized I maintain
that the overthrow of that State government
by a rebellion or by any other instrumentality
whatever does not of itself affect or overthrow
the existence of the circuit courts and district
courts which Congress has established for that
State. That is the position which I occupy,
and that is precisely the condition of the State
of Virginia during the rebellion. The State
government which existed there was over-
thrown ; the State government, whose officers
recognized our Constitution, was overthrown;
but the district court continued its sessions at
Norfolk. Virginia, during the whole time of
this rebellion ; and no gentleman upon either
side of Congress ever for one moment claimed
that the judicial acts of that court were not
valid simply because there was in that State
no State government acknowledging its alle-
giance to the national Government. No law has
ever established circuit and district courts of
the United States except in geographical States
having at the time lawful State governments.
And now I proceed to answer the next ques-
tion of the gentleman. If I understood the
gentleman, he desires to know whether at the
time Congress consented to the admission of
West Virginia into this Union, or to the divis-
ion of the State of Virginia into two States,
one of which was West Virginia, there was a
vital, living State organization recognized by
the political Government, the only power under
our Constitution which has the right to deter-
mine whether there be an existing State gov-
ernment, and what-is the established govern-
ment of and in a State.
For a time there was such a State govern-
ment in the State of Virginia professing to be
a State government for the whole, but in fact
only capable of exercising jurisdiction over a
portion of the territory of the State; over all
of that which is now We.f Virginia, and some
additional territory. This government was in-
stalled at Wheeling by a voluntary conven-
tion of the people soon after the original State
government at Richmond was supplanted by
the rebel State organization. It was incapable
of extending its jurisdiction over the entire
State because the rebel armies and the rebel
State government had possession of the eastern
portion of the State of Virginia. And that
State government, exercising this jurisdiction
over the western portion of the State, was rec-
ognized by the political departments of the Gov-
ernment as a vital, living State government.
And their determination was conclusive upon
all the other departments of the Government,
and there is no authority which can go back of
the recognition which the political departments
of the Government gave to it.
And now, supposing I may anticipate the
question which the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Ei.drid<je] is about to put to me, I will
say that that vital, living State government
which was once recognized by Congress after-
ward perished. After the State was divided
by creating the State of West Virginia the prior
government known as the " Wheeling govern-
ment" removed its headquarters to Alexan-
dria, Virginia, only seven miles from the
national capital. But the rebel armies had
acquired such possession of the territory over
which that State government claimed to exer-
cise jurisdiction that it was limited to a county
or two around Alexandria; and it became so
utterly insignificant that Congress ceased to
recognize it, and it ceased to be a vital, living
State government under our Constitution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe that it is by
the consent of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrexck] that I further interrupt him.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly. I
am always gratified to listen to my distinguished
friend from Wisconsin, and am quite willing to
respond as well as I can to any questions he
may propound.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will agree not to inter-
rupt him again. I wish now to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if the same identical State of
old Virginia, which consented to the division
of the State and the formation of West Virginia,
has not from that time 011 to the present mo-
ment existed with the same Governor and sub-
stantially the same State officers, and whether
it does not to-day exist, and whether it has not
from the beginning up to this time had the same
State government that it had when it gave that
assent'
Mr.'LAWRENCE, of Ohio. When Lee
surrendered his army, early in 1865, Governor
Peirpoint, who had maintained his little estab-
lishment of a State government at Alexandria,
removed to Richmond and went into posses-
sion of a kind of State government there, which
has continued ever since. But Congress has
refused to recognize it, and there is no such
thing as a vital, legal State organization under
our system which is recognized by the political
department of the Government. And this gov-
ernment to which he refers never having had
that recognition, although it is acle facto gov-
ernment, it is not a legal State government.
| Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman, make one further inquiry
of him. I wish to know at what time and by
what act Congress ceased to recognize the State
of Virginia?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. When Con-
; gress refused to receive Senators and Repre-
; sentaiives from that State under that State
; organization. From that moment.it ceased to
i be a legal State organization. And Congress
by other acts refused to recognize it. 1 be-
lieve the gentleman and the Democratic party
of the country, during the existence of the
Alexandria State government, denied its valid-
ity. It became so insignificant that neither
Congress nor any political party regarded or
recognized it as an established or valid State
government.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why was that done by
Congress? Why did Congress at that partic-
ular time refuse to receive those Representa-
tives ? Why did it change its policy'/ When
was that?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am not here
to give reasons for what Congress did, but I
am here to state facts. I state this as conclu-
sive of the question that the Supreme Court
has said it rests with Congress to determine
what is the established government in a State;
i and when Congress has determined the ques-
| tion that is the end of it.
i Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then, as I understand my
; friend, the State of old Virginia ceased to be
i1 a State by virtue of a decision of Congress,
and not by the action of the State?
Mr. LAW RENCE. of Ohio. The State of
\ irginia ceased to have a State government
after her ordinance of secession was adopted.
It was overthrown by the rebellion and sup-
planted by a rebel State government organized
and set up in place of the prior loyal State
government. Its lawful State government
ceased to be a government at all by the violence
and unlawful acts of her people. Subsequently
a new State government was organized in the
western part of \ irginia which was recognized
by Congiess, but up to the organization of the
Wheeling government there was a period of
time when Virginia ceased to have a lawful
State government at all. And after the State
of West Virginia was erected and the original
Wheeling government removed to Alexandria
it, too. as i have said, perished, or became so
insignificant, that Congress refused to recognize
it as a valid government.
I now resume the thread of my remarks.
On the 4th of December, 1805, the day the
President sent to Congress his annual mes-
sage, a resolution was introduced in the House,
amended in the Seriate, and agreed to in the
House December 13, in these words;
lieaotvedbythe House of HepreseniativeaJ the Sen ate
concurring,) ihat a joint committee of fifteen mem-
bers shall be appointed" * * • * "-who
shall inquire into the condition of the States which
lormeu the so-called confederate States of America,
and report whetuor they, or any of them, are entitled
to bo represented in either Houso of Congress, with
leave to report at any time by bill or otherwise."
The joint committee was appointed on the
part of the House December 14, and on the
same day that body— *
"Resolved, That" * * * * "no mem-
ber shall be admitted from cither of the so-callcd
States until Congress shall declare such States or
either of them entitled to representation."
On the 18th December, 1805, the Secretary
of State, with the President's sanction, declared
the amendment to the Constitution abolish-
ing slavery, adopted by the ratification of the
requisite number of States, including the rebel
States of South Carolina, Alabama* N orth Caro-
lina, Georgia, Arkansas, and Tennessee, thus
recognizing them as valid States, though their
ratification was not as a question of constitu-
tional law essential. On the l'Jth of February,
18GG, the President, in his veto message of
" the Freedmen's Bureau bill," said in relation
to the rebel States :
" It is hardly necessary for me to inform Congress
that in my own judgment most of those States, so
far, at least, as depends upon their own action, have
already been fully restored and are to be deemed at
entitled to enjoy their constitutional right« as members
of the Union."
On the 20th February the House adopted a
resolution, concurred in by the Senate, March
2, as follows :
" Ilesohed, That" * * * * "no Senator
or Representative shall bo admitted into either
branch of Congress from any of the said States until
Congress shall have declared such States entitled to
representation."
On the 3d of April, 1866, the President
recognized North Carolina as a State by issu-
ing to that State agricultural college land scrip
for nearly two hundred and seventy thousand
acres of land under the act of July 6, 1862.
(Evidence, page 815.)
This was met by a joint resolution of Con-
gress, approved by the President March 30,
1867, prohibiting the further issue of scrip and
with a preamble, as follows:
" Whereas on the 3d day of April, 1866, by the
authority and direction of the President of the United
States, agricultural college scrip, covering nearly
two hundred and seventy thousand acres, was issued
and delivered to the State of North Carolina under
the act of Congress of July 5,1862, providing tor agri-
cultural colleges; and wliereas by the same author-
ity the General Land Office is now preparing to issue
scrip in like manner to the States of Virginia, Geor-
fia, and Mississippi; and whereas said action of the
resident takes for granted that said States are
restored to their proper constitutional relation to
the Union, and are to be recognized in all respects
as entitled to the rights of the other States of the
Union, which question Congress alone can rightfully
determine : Therefore, lie it resolved," &c.
On the 18th June, 1806, the joint Committee
on Reconstruction made their report, propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution and
other measures of reconstruction.
_ On the 22d June, I860, the Piesident, in
his message declaring hostility to the amend-
ment, said:
" That of the thirty-six States which constitute the
Union eleven are excluded from representation in
either House of Congress, although, with the single
exception of Texas, they have been entirely restored
to all their functions as States in conformity icitk the
organic law of the land, and have appeared at the
national Capitol by Senators and Representatives,
who have applied tor and have been refused admis-
sion to the vacant seats."
And in his veto message of July 20, 1807,
he said of his State governments that—
"Executive recognition, as is well known, ha)
been frequent and unwavering."
The President had in November, 1866,
recognized the government of Georgia as a
State by a sale to it of railroad property of the
United States to the amount of $472,944 66.
(Evidence 191-247.)
THE APOLOGY'—IT TAILS.
For all this the minority report on impeach-
ment furnishes what may be regarded as an
attempted apology and a defense.
1 he apology is that Cabinet ministers, hold-
ing office by the tenure of the President's will,
assented to his proclamations, all supposing,
however, that "what was being done" would
last no "longerthanuntil Congress wouldmeet
and either ratify or establish some other form
of government," that "it was the original
purpose of the President to act in conjunction
with Congress," and that "the first official
