3614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June BO,
expenses of collecting revenue.
Mr. GETZ. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
■aro hereby instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reducingthepresentenormous expense of collect-
ing the internal revenue by the abolition of the offices
of collectors, assessors, and other agents employed
fey the intornal revenue department, and assessing
the amount of direct taxes required to bo raised from
domesticsomees upon the several States in proportion
to the taxablo population of each, to be collected by
the authorities of the same in the same manner that
State taxes ai-e now collected, or by such other means
as the several State governments may adopt for the
purpose herein indicated; and that tnssaid commit-
tee make report to the House by bill or otherwise at
the next session of Congress.
Mr. L-OUGHRIDGE. I object.
Mr. GETZ. It is only for reference. There
Is to be no action until December next.
Mr. LGUGHRIDGE. I withdraw the ob-
jection.
The resolution was agreed to.
PAY OF A CONTESTANT.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution for reference
to the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, There there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House to Joseph Powell, contesting the
seat of Hon. 11. R. Bdti.ee, a Representative from
the first congressional district of Tennessee, in full
for his expenses in taking testimony under the direc-
tion of the Committee of Elections, the sum of$"2,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
CLOSE OF THE SESSION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
offer a privileged resolution, that the President
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives adjourn their respective
Houses on Wednesday, the 15th of July, at
twelve o'clock m.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent, as the House is acting under
the operation of the previous question on the
river and harbor bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
give notice that I will move that resolution as
a matter of privilege as soon as the river and
harbor bill is disposed of.
MEMBER-ELECT FROM FLORIDA.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I present
the credentials of Hon. Charles M. Hamilton,
Representative-elect from the State of Florida,
and I ask that he bo sworn in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the creden-
tials take the usual course, and be referred to
the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
soldiers' discharges.
Mr. COVODE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 319) in
regard to charges of desertion in cases of sol-
diers honorably discharged from the service;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that in all cases
where private soldiers in the late war for the
Union served out the term of their enlistment
and were honorably discharged from the service
it shall be the duty of tbe Secretary of War,
upon the application of the parties, to remove
any charges of desertion that may stand upon
the rolls against such soldiers where there has
not been a conviction for desertion by a court-
martial.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
EXPENSE OF COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he
requested to inform this Houseat the earliest moment
he can convenientlydoso the actual cost and expense
otVolltjcting the internal revenue of the United .States
each and every year since the revenue law of 1862
was passed by Congress, specifying theamountin the
aggregate m each collection district and the total
amount collected in each of said years.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object; all that in-
formation is in the reports.'
Mr. MUNGBN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is certainly mistaken. There is a
jumbled up kind of statement in regard to cost
of collection in the reports to which be refers ;
but it cannot be ascertained the exact cost of
collection in each district.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
A. R. THOMAS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (IT. R. No. 1342) for the relief of
A. It. Thomas ; which was read a lirst and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the various votes of reference ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is
House bill No. 1046, making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works, and for other purposes ;
upon which tbe previous question has been
seconded and the main question ordered. At
the time the House adjourned yesterday the
bill was being read by clauses for engrossment.
The Clerk will resume the reading of the bill
by clauses, and if a separate vote is desired
upon any item of appropriation it will be indi-
cated.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause was read :
For improvement of White river harbor, Michi-
gan, $75,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for a
separate vote on that item.
Mr. FERRY. I merely wish to state that
the Board of Trade of Chicago passed a reso-
lution urging this appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was then taken upon engross-
ing the clause just read ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 48, noes 41.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and Mr.
HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 48,
nonvoting 83 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Axtell, Barn e's.Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook. Cornell, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Garfield, Griswold, Grover, Higby, Hinds, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D; Hubbard. Hulburd,
Humphrey, Jenckes. Johnson, Kitchen, Loan, Lynch,
Mitllory,Moynard, McCarthy, McClurg, McCormick,
McKee, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mulling,
Mungen, Newcovnb, O'Neill, Paine, Plants, Poland,
Pomcroy, Price, Roots, Sawyer, Smith, Starkweather,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Van Aernarn, Burt Van Horn, and
Windom—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Bailey, Baker, Bald-
win, Banks, Beatty, Boles, Boutwell, Benjamin F.
Butler.Coburn, Delano,Eckley,Ela,EJdridg;e, Ferriss,
Golladay, Hill. Holman, Kelsey, Ketcliam, Koontz,
Georgo V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Marshall,
Marvin. Mercur. Nibbiek, Perham, Phelps. Polsley,
Randall, Scofield, Shellabarger.Sitgreaves. Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens,Stewart,Stone,Taylor,V an'Xrurap,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Woodward—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Arnell,
DelosR. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Barnum, Beaman,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,
Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland. Burr,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cary, Chanler, Rea.der W.
Clarke, Covode. Cuilom, Dawes, Dodge, Fields, Fin-
ney, Fox, Getz.Glossbrenner, Gravely, llaight, Halsey,
Harding, Hawkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hunter. Ingersoll. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kerr. Knott, Laflin, Lincoln, Logan, Lough-
ridge. McCullough. Morrissey. Myers, Nicholson,
Nunn.Orth, Peters. Pike. Pile, Pruyn, Raum, Robert-
son, Rol '
Thomas.
Auken, ___ ....     
wnlader C. Washburn, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood,and Woodbridge—83.
So the clause was ordered to be engrossed.
The following clause was read:
For improvement of Pentwater harbor, Michigan,
5pZo,'HMJ.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask a
separate vote on that clause.
The auestion was then taken npon ordering
the clause just read to be engrossed; and upon
a division there" were—ayes 28, noes 38; no
quorum voting.
Tellei*S were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Eebry were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 61, noes 43.
So the clause was ordered to be engrossed.
The following clause was read:
To improve the rivor from Chattanooga, Tennessee,
to Decatur, Alabama, $90,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask a
separate vote on that clause.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire if all the clauses just read by the Clerk
are amendments to the bill?
The SPEAKER. Not all; some of them
are.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the bill be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is now in
order.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. SPALDING called
for the yeas and nays on the motion to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
to withdraw his motion until we get further
along in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is so
big now that it would break down an elephant's
back; but I will withdraw for the present the
motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. PAINE. It is not so large as the appro-
priation we made for the State of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The gentleman from Illinois demands a sep-
arate vote on the item which has just been read
by the Clerk.
On ordering the clause to be engrossed there
were—ayes seventy, noes not counted.
So the clause was ordered to be engrossed.
The following clause was read:
For improvement of the Dos Moines rapids, $900,000.
Mr. GETZ. I ask for a separate vote on
that item.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the clause by striking out " nine" and
inserting " four," so as to make the appropria-
tion $400,000.
The SPEAKER. An amendment at this
stage will require unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. GETZ. I call for the yeas and nays on
the engrossment of the clause which has just
been read.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; arid it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72. nays 61, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson. Arnell,
Banks.Benjamin, Boles, Boutwell, Bromwell. Roder-
ick It. Butler, Cake, Cary, Churchill, Cobb. Cook, Cui-
lom,Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs. Eggleston,Eliot, Ferry,
Garfield. Gravely Grover, Higby. Hinds, Hopkins,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Ketcham,
Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maliory, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy. McClurg, McKee, Moorhead, Morrell, Mul-
lins, Mungen, Myeis, Newcomb, O'Neill, Paine, Pile,
Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Ross, Sawyer, Smith,
Starkwoather, Stewart, Stokes. Trowbridge, Twich-
ell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, CadwaladerC. Washburn. Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Hemy D. Washburn, JamesF. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin.
Barnes, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Buckland, Benjamin
F. Butler, Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Delano, Eckley,
Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth. Ferriss, Getz, Golladay,
Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Chester D, Hubbard. John-
son, Julian,Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz.Gcorge V.Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Cormick, Mercur.Miller, Mootc, Niblack, Nicholson,
Orth, Perhau), Plants, Randall, Scofieid, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,Spalding,Aaion F. Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens. Stone. Taylor, Thomas, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Welker, Thomas Williams.
William Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
ward—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Barnum, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Dawes,
