1868,.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
viewed as a weakness, and thereby emboldened
him to other and bolder acts of violation of the
Constitution and law. Thank God, the hour of
deliverance for our country is fast drawing
nigh, when the cause of all our delays, uncer-
tainties, extravagance, and bad, corrupt Gov-
ernment shall be removed from power. He has
sacrificed life, caused blood to flow like water.
He has persecuted loyalty. He has attempted
to make treason respectable, elevating traitors
to political power without confession of sorrow
or works meet for repentance. He has wasted
the people's property ; has used it unscrupu-
lously for his own ulterior purposes, much of
said property purchased by the lives and blood
of hundreds of thousands of our people; by a
long line of maimed and wounded soldiers,
widows, orphans, and mourning relatives reach-
ing from end to end, from side to side, of our
great country, covering every portion of it. He
has paralyzed trade, commerce, manufactures,
mechanics' labor, and laid like an incubus
upon every material interest of our great conn-
try. He has had a demoralizing influence over
the people by his open denunciations of Con-
gress and by his disregard of law. He has cor-
rupted persons in office until honesty has be-
come almost the, exception by retaining cor-
rupt men in power, and by the settlement of
frauds with an easy penalty.
His administration has cost our country as
much as the war; we have no relief from his
burdens except by impeacHment, now de-
manded by every interest of our country. With
the removal of this bold, bad man from power
we at once have a united Government—pledged
to a speedy admission of the rebel States, econ-
omy, retrenchment, sound financial policy,
equality of taxation, protection to our indus-
try over the cheap labor of Europe, and wise
legislation generally. Such will be the result
in the opinion of the money and business men
of the country, as shown by the value of gold
under the act of impeachment. This great
and solemn act—the first in the history of our
country—is to give peace, confidence, security,
and stability to our country for all future time.
Mr. PAINE addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. TRIMBLE moved that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the Whole
had, according to order, had under considera-
tion articles exhibited by the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, in the name of
themselves and all the people of the United
States, against Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, in maintenance and sup-
port of their impeachment against him for
high crimes and misdemeanors in office, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Then, on motion of Mr.TRIMBLE, (at twelve
o'clock m.,.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 2, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 17th of Feb-
ruary last, information in relation to the com-
promise of certain suits known as the Dennis-
touri cotton suits.
Mr. STEWART. I move that that com-
munication be printed and laid on the table for
the present. I wish to examine it, to see
whether it should be referred to a committee.
The motion was agreed to.
i1eirs of general duncan l. clinch.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 308) for
the relief of the heirs of the late Generafr Dun-
can L. Clinch, deceased, which was to strike
out all of the original bill and to insert the fol-
lowing:
Whereas Eliza B. Anderson, wife of Major Gen-
eral Robert Anderson, and daughter and heir-at-law
of the late General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased, has
an equitable claim in her own right, to the exclusion
of all other heirs of said Clinch, against the Govern-
ment of tlie United States, they having released all
demands in the premises; and whereas the family of
the said Robert Anderson need for their support the
amount which sho may be entitled to; now, there-
fore, m consideration of the premises, and in consid-
eration of the distinguished services of the said Ma-
jor General Robert Anderson andhispermanent dis-
ability:
Be it enacted, Sc., That there be, and hereby is
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $10,000 in
trust for the said Eliza B. Anderson, in full satisfac-
tion of the claim against the United States of the
said Eliza 11. Anderson for and on account of any
demand of the late Duncan L. Clinch, deceased.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate concur-in the amendment of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Grand Army of the Republic,
complaining that their services in the late war
in the appointment of officers, &c., have been,
in a great measure, ignored, and asking Con-
gress to pass some law recognizing their ser-
vices, and giving them a fair proportion of the
officesin the Departments and otherwise; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a letter in the nature of a
memorial from Harry Teall, who represents
himself as a soldier in the war of 1812, who did
distinguished service, now old and in poor cir-
cumstances, and prays that the Senate may
concur in a bill of the House for his relief;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of St. Paul, Minnesota,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Fort Abercrombie to Montana Territory; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post roads.
Mr. CONKLING presented resolutions of
the Board of Trade of Buffalo, New York, ask-
ing an appropriation for the improvement of
Buffalo harbor; which was rel'erredto the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MORTON presented a memorial of
Henry B. St. Marie, praying for the appropria-
tion to him of the sum recommended by a
Board convened in October last, by order of
the Secretary of Wax ad interim, as a reward
for the information that led to the arrest of
John H. Surratt; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of Ajax H.
Triplett, praying an amendment to the laws in
relation to pensions of widows of revolution-
ary officers, so that the pensions may begin at
the time of the husband's death; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented two memorials of late offi-
cers of the Army, protesting against the passage
of the bill prohibiting the payment of the com-
mutation for pay of officers' servants from
May 1, 1864, to March 3, 1865; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
Frank Conlan, praying that an American reg-
ister be granted to the British sloop Elvira;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
South Haven, Van Buren county, Michigan,
praying an appropriation for the completion
of the improvement of the harbor at that place;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. NYE presented a petition of citizens of
Georgetown, District of Columbia, and vicinity,
for a free bridge over the aqueduct at George-
town; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORGAN presented two memorials of
booksellers and papermakers, residing in Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the passage of any bill creating an international
copyright law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. CATTELL. I present a memorial,
signed by eighteen soldiers of the war of 1812, .
with their ages attached, showing them to be
from seventy-five to eighty-five years old. They
represent that while the nation has rewarded
the soldiers of the late war with a munificence
almost beyond parallel there are many of these
old soldiers of the war of 1812, on the very
verge of the grave, in a destitute condition,
and they ask that they be placed on the pen-
sion-rolls. They say that an examination into
the rolls in the War Department shows that
five sixths of the surviving soldiers of the war
of 1812 are past the age of seventy-five. I
move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
George W. Ashburn, praying compensation
for services rendered by hiin in the seizure of
certain goods in the State of Tennessee, being
used by the southern confederacy ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented a memorial of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in favor
of placing the surviving officers and soldiers
of the war of 1812 and their widows on the
pension-rolls; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I also present two me-
morials, signed by citizens of Philadelphia, re-
spectfully representing that there are certain
bills pending before the Congress of the United
States which are of doubtful constitutionality,
revolutionary in their character, and subversive
of good order and the fundamental principles
of the Government. They particularly desig-
nate the bill proposing to restrain the action of
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
mode of making their decisions upon questions
arising upon the constitutional powers of Con-
gress, and an act proposing to vest a supreme
and uncontrolled power over the rights of citi-
zens of certain States of the Union in the hands
of the General of the Army of the United
States. They respectfully remonstrate against
the passage of said bills. I ask the reference
of these memorials to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
They were so referred.
Mr. COLE presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of California, in favor of the construc-
tion of a railroad between San Francisco and
the Missouri valley by the southern route and
passing through the Territories of Arizona and
New Mexico; which were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. CRAG1N presented a memorial of Wil-
liam Jones & Son and others, citizens of Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, builders, owners, and
shippers engaged in commerce, asking that
Congress will pass a law remitting the duties
upon articles used in the construction of ves-
sels; which was referred to the Committee on
Finauce.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 42)
authorizing the employment of Brevet Briga-
dier General Seth Eastman on special service,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which motion was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 370) to facilitate
the settlement of paymasters' accounts, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 190) to further provide for giving
effect to the various grants of public lands to
