1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3615
Dodge, Fields, Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner, Griswold,
Haight, Halsey, Harding, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard I). Hubbard, Hunter, Jones,
Judd, Keliey, Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lincoln, Logan,
McCuliough, Morrissey.Nunn, Peters., Phelps, l'ike,
Polsley, Raum, Robertson, Robin&on, Roots,
Schenck, Selye, Taber, 'l'affe, John Trimble. Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Wyclt, "Ward, William 15.
Washburn, John T.Wilson,and Wood—61.
So the clause was ordered to be engrossed.
The following clause ivas read:
For survey of northwestern lakes, $75,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As this
appropriation is in another bill, I move to
strike it out.
Mr. ELIOT. I will say that this appropria-
tion is wanted in this bill, as I find by exam-
ination at the War Department.
The SPEAKER. The motion to strike out
is not in order. A separate vote may be asked
on ordering the item to be engrossed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iaskfora
separate vote on the engrossment of the clause
which has just been read.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the clause was ordered to be engrossed.
The following was read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the sura of
$450,000 is hereby appropriated toward completing
the Louisville and Portland canal, in accordance
with the plans and estimates made in the report of
General Godfrey Weitiel, and that the Government
of the United States do hereby assume the payment
of the bonds issued for the completion of the said
canal and branch, amounting to the sum of $1,567:
Provided, That all title to and right in said canal and
its appurtenances be ecded to and vested in the
United States, and that the State of Kentucky shall
relinquish all claim to the Government of the same;
said canal on and after its completion to be and
remain free from all tolls and tribute, except so much
as shall be necessary to operate the same and keep it
in repair, and that all moneys m the hands of the
treasurer of the canal companywhen transferred,
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask a
separate vote on this section.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I raise the point of
order that this section has already been voted
upon by yeas and nays on the motion to strike
out.
The SPEAKER. That is very true; but
under Rule 121 any member may call for a
separate vote on ordering the section to be
engrossed.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and itwas decided
in the affirmative—yeas 70, nays Gl, not voting
63; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Anderson. Arnell.Belos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Beck, Boyer, Buckland, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cary, Churchill, Coburn, Cook, Cor-
nell, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry,
Golladay, Gravely, Grover, Higby, Holman, Chester
I). Hubbard, Humphrey, ingersoll, Jenckes, John-
son, Julian, Kerr, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Mal-
lory, Maynard, McClurg, McCormick, McKee. Moor-
head, Mullins; Mungen, Myers, Neweomb, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Price, Raura, Sawyer, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Stokes, Taber, Twichell, Van Aernam,
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, and Thomas Wil-
liams—*70.
NAYS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Boles, Boutwoll,
Bromwell, Benjamin F. Butler, Sidney Clark, Cobb,
Covode, Cuilom, Delano, Eckley, Ela, Farnsworth,
Perriss, Getz, Hawkins, Hill, Hinds, Hulburd, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Koontz, William Lawrence, Loughridge,
Marshall, Marvin, Mercur, Miller, Moore. Morrfll,
Perham, Pike, Potneroy, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Sco-
iield, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Aaron Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eiihu B.
Washbume, William Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson,Woodbridge, and Woodward—01.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Archer, Jaines M. Ashley, Barnum, Bingham Blair,
Brooks, BroomaU, Burr, Cake, Chanler. Reader W.
Clarke, Dawes, Dodge, Eldridge, Fields, Finney, Fox,
Garfield, Glossbrenner, Griswold Haight, Halsey,
Harding, Ilooper. Hopkins, Hotchkiss. Asahel W
Hubbard, Richard D. llubbaid,Hunter, Jones, Judd,
Keiley, Ivitehen, Knott, Laflm, Lincoln, Logan,
Lynch, McCarthy, McCuliough, Mornssey, Nunn,
Phelps. Robertson, Robinson, Roots, bchenck, teelye,
Thaddeus Stevens,Stewart, John Trimble,Lawrence
S. Trimble, Upson, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward,
William B. Washburn, John T. Wilson, Wmdona,
and Wood—63.
So the section was ordered to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the third reading and engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the bill be laid upoii the table. We can-
not carry over ten hundred millions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 81, not voting
56 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Beatty,
Benton, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Boyer, Buckland,
Benjamin F.Butler, Coburn, Covode, Cuilom, Del-
ano, Eckley, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Getz, Hill,
Hulburd, Johnson, Julian, Kclsey, Ketcham, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Marshall,
Marvin, Mercur, Miller, Morrell, Niblack, Orth,
Randall, Ross, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreavcs,
Smith, Spalding. Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stone, Tatfe, Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Elihu B. Washbume, Welker, William
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell, Banks,
Barnes, Beck, Benjamin, Roderick R. Butler, Cary,
Churchill, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Golladay,
Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Hawkins, Higby, Ilinds,
Holman, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hnbbard,
Humphrey, Ingrersoll, Jenokes, Jones,Loan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McClurg, McCor-
mick, McKee, Moorhead, Mungen, Myers, Neweomb,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters. Pike, Pile,
Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy.Piice, Pruyn, Rnum,baw-
yer, Scofield, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Taber,
Twichell. Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn. Cadwalader C. Washbur^,
Henry D.Washburn, Wil liam B.Washburn, James K
Wilson, nnd Windom—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley. Bar-
num, Beaman, Bingham, Blair, Bromwell, Brooks,
Broomu.ll, Buir. Cake, Chanler, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Dawes,Dodge, Eldridge,fields,Fin-
ney, Fox, Glossbrenner, Haight, Halsey, Harding,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard 1). Ilubbard,
Hunter, Judd, Keiley, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Laflin,
Lincoln. Logan, McCarthy, McCuliough, Moore, Mor-
rissey, Mullins, Nunn, Phelps, Plants, Robertson,
Robinson, Roots, Schenck, Selye, Thomas, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Wyck, Ward,
Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wood—56,
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
The bill was ordered to be engiossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tbe third time.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have the amendments read over again.
I want the House and country to listen to
the amendments put on after the bill was
through.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the House will under-
stand the gentleman himself voted for the
amendments. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBCJENB, of Illinois. Thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts voted for them,
but he did not vote with me to lay the bill upon
the table. I demand the yeas and.nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 59, not voting
55 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Archer,Arnell, DelosR.Ashley,Axtell,Banks,Barnes,
Beck,Roderick R. Butler,Cary, Churchill, Cobb,Cook,
Cornell, Dixon, Donnelly, Dnggs, Eggleston, Eliot.
Horry, Golladay, Griswold, Grover. Harding. Haw-
kins, Higby, Hinds,Holman,Hooper, Hopkins,Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Jenckes, Jones, Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, May-
nard,McClurg, McCormick, McKee, Moorhoad, Mul-
lins, Mungen, Myers, Neweomb, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Paint, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants. Poland,
Polsley, Pomerov, Price, Pruyn, Kobmson, Roots,
Sawyer, Scofield, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes,
Taber, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, RohertT. Van Horn, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
William B. Washburn, and Windom—80. ^
NAYS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blame, Boutwell, Boyer, Brom-
well, Buckland, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Coburn,
Covode.Cullom, Delano, Bekley, farnsworth, Ferriss,
Getz, Hill, Ingersoll, Johnson, Julian, Kejsey,
Ketcham, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, v\ illiam
Lawrence, Marshall, Marvin, Mercur,Miller,Moore,
Morrell, Niblack, Orth, Phelps, Randall, Ross,
Shanks. Shellabarger, Sitgreavos, Smith, Spalding.
Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, lane,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Auken, Van Tramp, Elihu
B. Washbume, Welker. William Williams, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Woodward—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M.Ashley, Barnum,
Beaman, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Brooks. Brootaall,
Burr, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Dawes, Dodge, Ela, Eldridge, Fields, Finney. Fox,
Garfield, Glossbrenner. Gravely, Haight, Halsey,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. 'Hubbard, Hunter,
Judd, Keiley, Kerr.Kitchen, Knott,Laflin.Lincoln,
Logan, Lynch, McCarthy, McCuliough, Morrissey,
Nunn, Raum, Robertson, Schenck, Selye, Thomas,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble. Va,n Wyck,
Ward, Ilenry D.Washburn.ThoiuasWilliams, James
F. Wilson, John T.Wilson.Wood, and Woodbridge—55,
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF THE SESSION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a privileged question. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House adjourn their respective Houses without
day on Wednesday, the 15th day of July next, at
noon.
I desire that we should adjourn at the earliest
moment, because we shall have neither money
nor credit left if we go on in this way.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend so that it
will read, :I Adjourn their respective Houses
on the 15th day of July, at noon, until the 15th
day of September at noon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the resolution and
amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I mo.ve to lay the reso-
lution and amendment on the table.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes thirty-
seven, noes not counted.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow an amendment to substitute the
10th for the 15th of July?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being on the amendment of
Mr. Kelrey, there were—ayes 30, noes 84.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. LOUGHBRIDGE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the original reso-
lution.
Mr. HIGBY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 01, nays 47, not voting
56 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adam?, Allison, Archer, Axtell,
Baker, Banks, Barnes, Beatty, Beck, Blaine, Boyer,
Buckland, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cary, Churchill, Cook, Cornell, Delano, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Ferriss, Garfield,
Getz, Golladay, Grover, Harding. Hill, Hinds, Hol-
man, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Ilubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr,
Ketcham, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Mal-
lory, Marshall,Marvin, McCormick, Mercur, Moore,
Mungen, Niblaok, Nicholson, Orth, Peters, Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price,Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Ross, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sit-
greavcs, Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, Stone, Taber,
Taffe, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wil-
liam Williams. James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Benjamin, Benton, Bout-
well, Cake. Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Covode, Cuilom,
Driggs.Ela, Farnsworth, Ferry, Halsey, Higby, Hop-
kins, Jenckes, Kelsey, William Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Maynard, McClurg, Miller, Moorhead,
Morrell," Mullins, Myers, O'Neill. Paine, Perham,
Pile, Raum, Roots, Sawyer, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
Taylor, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry
D. Washburn, and Thomas Williams—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bar-
num, Beaman, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bromwell,
Brooks.Broomall, Burr, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb. Dawes, Dodge, Eckley, Fields, Finney, i'ox,
Glossbrenner, Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Hawkins,
Hooper, Asahel W.Hubbard. Richard I). Ilubbard,
Hunter, Judd, Keiley, Kitchen, Knott, Lamn. Lin-
coln, Logan. McCarthy, McCuliough, McKee, Mor-
rissey, Neweomb, Nunn,Polsley,Robertson, Schenck,
Selye, Spalding-, Thaddeus Stevens, Thomas, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Van Wyck, Ward, John T. Wilson, Windom, and
Wood—56.
So the resolution was agreed to.
