68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
[December 12,
Senate.
President's Message-—Mr. Johnson.
40th Cong. .. .2d Sess.
that the President of the United States is re-
sponsible to the legislative department of the
Government if he commits _errors,_ whether
designed or not, interfering, in the judgment
of that department, with its own legitimate
authority. The honorable member told us
in the course of his speech that the meaning
of a law, its proper interpretation, is a fact. If
he meant to say that it was a fact whether there
had been an interpretation or not, or a mean-
ing given to it or not, he is right. But if he
meant to say that there was anything like a
question of fact in the proposition whether the
law has been properly construed or not, ho is
in error. That is a question of law, and to be
answered by all to whom it is addressed, by Con-
gress, by the President, by the judiciary, and by
every citizen subject to the responsibility of suf-
fering, if he attempts to violate it, if lie turns out
to be in error himself as to that interpretation.
President Jackson, whose doctrines the hon-
orable member says with the lights he now
has he would support, and would have sup-
ported at that time if he had been then so
illuminated, states his view of the rights of the
coordinate departments of the Government in
the message accompanying his veto of Ihe Bank
bill of the 10th of July, 1832, an extract from
which I will read :
" If the opinion of the Supremo Court covered tho
whole ground of this act it ought not to control the
coordinate authorities of this Government. The Con-
gress, the Executive, and tho court must each for
itself bo guided by its own opinion of the Constitu-
tion."
I suppose the honorable member from Mis-
souri will not question that this is the true con-
stitutional doctrine ; and yet f submit to him
and to the Senate whether it is not in direct
conflict with tho one which he has attempted
to inculcate upon this body. Tho President,
vested with almost transcendent executive
power, constituted in one respect, and to a
certain extent, a part of the legislative power
vested with the authority to negotiate treaties
and makcappointments, subject to the approval
of the Senate, to see to the faithful execution
of the laws, and sworn to protect, preserve,
and defond the Couiiit.ut.ioii of the United
Slates. Jackson tells us, and tells us truly,
that the President in the discharge of his
duties is as absolute and independent with
reference to such questions as is the Supreme
Court or Congress. What is the consequence
of this absolute independence? The light to
judge whether a law proposed to be passed,
or passed notwithstanding his objections, is in
conflict with the Constitution. The Constitu-
tion nowhere says that, he is to surrender his
opinions upon that question because two thirds
of Congress entertain a different opinion. The
action of the two thirds only gives vitality to
the law as far as the President is concerned,
and makes it only as operative as it would
have been if passed by a bare majority and re-
ceived his approval; but it no more concludes
his right to entertain and express an opin-
ion as to "its constitutionality than it concludes
the right of any member of Congress who may
have been in a minority upon its passage or
any judge to entertain and express the same
opinion. The passage of the law in no man-
ner modifies the Constitution.
The passage of a law is, when the question
is fairly presented to a tribunal authorized to
pass upon it judicially, no evidence at all,
except by force of the courtesy which is due
to any department of the Government, that it
is constitutional. When it comes into debate
before a judicial tribunal, or before a legislative
forum, or before the Executive, when he is
called upon to discharge an executive func-
tion expressly assigned him, it is the right
and tlie duty of the courts collectively and
individually, of the members of Congress col-
lectively and individually, and of the Pres-
ident, to entertain ami express the opinion
that the law has no warrant, in Ihe Constitu-
tion. That is all that the President has done
ia this instance; and for having done it the
honorable member says he should be censured,
because, after the laws were passed by the ma-
jority provided by the Constitution, it was a
question at once and forever placed beyond
his jurisdiction. That Mr. Jefferson enter-
tained the same opinion with General Jack-
son is evident, from his letter of June 2, 1807,
to Mr. Hay, in which he said :
"In the cases of Callondar and others the judges
determined thosedition act was valid andcrt he Uon-
stitution, and exeieised their regrular powers of sen-
tencing thom to tino and imprisonment. But tho
Executive determined that tho sedition act was n,
nullity under the Constitution, and exercised his
regular power of prohibiting the execution of tho
sentenco, or rather of executing the real law, which
protected tho nets of tho defendants. From these
different coiiPtiuetionR of the siuno act by different
hr;inolios less mischief arises than from giving to any
one ol'them a control over tlio othors."
This was clearly General Jackson's view.
A Bank of the United States was chartered in
1790, rechartcred in 1811, and chartered again
in 1832, and this last act was submitted for
his approval; and he then, referring to the
Bank in existence as well as to the Bank pro-
posed to be continued, assailed each upon the
ground that it had no warrant in the Constitu-
tion ; and he was sustained, or rather not over-
ruled, by the requisite majority. Did he doubt,
did any member of the Congress of that day
doubt, that it wus not only his right but hisduty
to withhold his approval if he was sincere in
his conviction that Congress had no authority
to pass it? Not one. And what made that ease
infinitely stronger than tho one before us is,
that in two causes brought before the Supreme
Court that court unanimously hold that Con-
gress had the right to pass such a law. He
therefore said: ''I know it; I know that Con-
gress did in 1790 and 1811 pass a law for that
purpose; I know that it has passed the law
before me for approval; but while the court is
independent of me as President of the United
States in the discharge of its own appropriate
functions, and while the Congress of the Uni-
ted States is also independent of me if two
thirds of its meuibeis difler from me in the
particular discharge of any of its functions, I
as President am not bound to submit my judg-
ment to the judgment of eitherand nobody
pretended that he was; no one moved a vote
of censure, mild oi severe.
The Bank fell and was never afterward
levived ; and yet what was done by the Presi-
dent in that instance was much more objec-
tionable, because of the authority which he
overruled, than what President Johnson has
done in the existing case in the passages
selected for censure by the honorable member.
Jn the one ease the interpretation of the
Supreme Court was disregaided totally, though
given in two instances and with absolute unan-
imity and maintained by a power of reason-
ing never surpassed and hardly ever equaled.
The greatest men of the land then adorning
our country in both Chambers of Congress
entertained and acted upon the same opinion.
Every court in the land, in every State in the
Union, had maintained the same doctrine that
the Bank was constitutional. But that man
of iron will, true to what he believed to be his
duty—whether he was in error or not is imma-
terial—vested with the power to do what he
believed was his duty notwithstanding courts
and Congresses, vetoed the bill of 1832 upon
the ground that it violated the Constitution. I
have said that case is infinitely stronger than
the one before us. Am I not right in this?
What court in the land has adjudged that the
acts objected to by the President are constitu-
tional? None that [ know of.
What intelligent man in the country has
asserted that they are not in fact at war with
some of the express restrictions of the Consti-
tution ? What intelligent man has pretended
that they are not in palpable violation of many
of tho guarantees of human and individual
liberty contained in the first eight of the
Amendments? And finally, what man has ven-
tured to express the opinion that they are not
absolutely antagonistic with the provisions
contained in the tenth Amendment? I know
of none. Their warrant, if they have any—
and I do not propose to discuss that question—
the ground upon which they have been sup-
ported, has been that with reference to the
States and the people of the States to which they
were made applicable, the guarantees of indi-
vidual liberty and of State rights contained in
the ninth and tenth Amendments have no oper-
ation whatever, they having fallen by reason
of the war ; that as States they have no exist-
ence, and as men they possess no individual
rights embraced by any of the guarantees to
which I have referred ; that they are amenable
by reason of the war, and by virtue of the war
alone, and are bound to submit to the absolute
and uncontrolled will of the legislative depart-
ment.
Now, that President Johnson should enter-
tain with all proper respect to Congress a dif-
ferent opinion ought not to surprise any one;
that he should honestly entertain that opinion
should not surprise any one; and if he did,
tho judgment of his country and of the world,
if the world shall take any interest in our
troubles, will pronounce that he not only does
not deserve censure for what he has done, but
is entitled to the highest praise, because if he
had failed to do what he has done lie would
have been recreant to his clear and sworn duty.
I could discuss the question much further,
Mr. President, if I was not sensible that I
should weary the kind indulgence of the Senate;
and I therefore leave it, and have but a word
to say upon the second proposition which I
suppose the resolution involves: have we the
right, if he had no constitutional power to send
such a message to us containing the selected
words, to censure him for so doing? In the
first place, let me submit to the honorable
member from Missouri to consider what may
bo the consequences to the fair fame of the
country of a war of crimination and recrimina-
tion between the two departments of the Gov-
ernment,.
In what light will we exhibit ourselves to the
world, whoso citizens and subjects in the mass
are looking with solicitude to the success of
what from the beginning of our efforts to the
present time has been called our great experi-
ment? The President at war with Congress,
Congress at war with the President; to use
ono ot' the metaphors (if metaphor it can be
called) adopted by the honorable member from
Missouri, becoming, in the slang language of
"the ring," shoulder-hitters, striking, kicking
at each other, in the face of our own people
and the civilized world! They will see that
the message which the President has sent to us
is in the discharge of an express duty imposed
upon him by the Constitution. They will see
that, to censure him for so doing is to deny to
the Executive the exercise of his rightful
authority. They will see that such a denial
takes from the Constitution of the United
States one of its most obvious advantages, one
of its ehiefest benefits, the existence of a high
functionary selected for the purpose by the will
of the American people, placed over the whole
ior the exercise of all the powers conferred
upon him, and therefore able from the verv
nature of those powers more particularly to be
informed of the state of the countrv and to
give to Congress the benefit incident to his
situation. 1 think, as I have just said, the
world will say that for the words for which we
are called upon to censure him he deserves
praise. I think the people will regret that in
the Senate of the United Stales one of its most
distinguished members, in the metaphorical
language in the use of which throughout his
speech he was so exceedingly felicitous, instead
ot awarding praise to him, represented him as
a presidential nightmare crouched upon the
heaving bosom of the nation." I think fhat
they are now coining to the opinion that h? lias
to the lull measure of his ability been a uao
and a faithful servant. I believe lhat ttey will
