1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March *2,
the State of Nevada, reported it -with amend-
ments.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom the papers in the ease were referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 408) for the benefit of
the heirs of Asbury Dickins, deceased ; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
MILITARY SIM AT WATEllFORD.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 308)
authorizing the sale of an unoccupied military
site at Waterford, Pennsylvania, to report it
back without amendment, and I ask that it be
put upon its passage, as I suppose there will
be no objection to it. It is for the sale of about
three acres of ground at the headwaters of the
Alleghany river on the eastern side of the divid-
ing ridge which separates the waters of the
Mississippi from the lakes, and about t%vcnty
miles from Lake Erie. It is a place to which
Washington went to meet the French author-
ities before the Revolution by order of the
Governor of Virginia, and in which a little
block-house was built about that time during
some of the Indian wars, For the last sixty or
seventy years it has been entirely unoccupied.
It is thought to be an injury to the village in
which it is located, and they desire to have it
sold. I therefore ask that the bill be put upon
its passage.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 308) authorizing the sale
of an unoccupied military site at waterford,
Pennsylvania. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury in his discretion to
sell to the highest and best bidder the military
site of three acres of land at Waterford, Erie
county, Pennsylvania, belonging to the United
States, and pay the proceeds into the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire why this author-
ity is conferred upon the Secretary of the
Treasury rather than upon the Secretary of
War, if it is a military reservation ?
Mr. CAMERON. I am not able to answer
that question. The bill was prepared by the
Representative from the Erie district of Penn-
sylvania, and passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives. Why the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was inserted I do not know; but I presume
that is a matter of no consequence, as the
money is to go into the Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 409)
relating to the Alexandria canal; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
UULES OF COURT OP IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. IIOJVARD. I move that all other busi-
ness be postponed, and that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the rules of im-
peachment.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The report of the select
committee is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and the reading wilt be re-
sumed where it left off on Saturday.
The Secretary read rule thirteen, as follows:
XIII. The Secretary of tho Senateshallreeord the
proceedings in eases of impeachment as in the case
of legislative proceedings, and tho same shall be
reported in the saute manner as the lcgislativo
proceedings of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no amend-
ment be proposed, the next rule will be read.
The Secretary read rule fourteen, as follows:
XIV. Counsel for the parties shall he admitted to
appear .and be heard upon an impeachment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no amend-
ment be proposed, the next rule will be read.
The Secretary read rule fifteen, as follows:
XY. All motions made by the parties or theircoun-
sel shall be addressed to the presiding officer, and,
if he shall require it, they shall bo committed to
writing, and read at the Secretary's table. "
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend that rule
by inserting after the word "he," in the sec-
ond line, the words " or any Senator;" soasto
make it read:
All motions made by the parties or their counsel
shall bo addressed to the presiding officer, and, if ho
or any Senator shall require it, they shall be com-
mitted to writing and read at the Secretary's ta.blc.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see any objection
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
rule will be read.
The Secretary read the sixteenth rule, as
follows:
XVI. Witnesses shall bo examined, by one person
on behalf of the party producing them, and then
cross-oxamiiied by one person on tho other side.
The Secretary read rules seventeen, eighteen,
and nineteen, to which no amendment was pro-
posed, as follows:
X VII. If a Senator is called as a witness he shall
bo sworn, and give his testimony standing in his
place.
XVIII. If a Senator wishes a question to boput to
a witness, or to offer a motion or eider, (except a
motion to adjourn,) it shall be reduced to writing and
put byr the presiding otlioer.
XIX. At all tunes whilo tho Senate is sitting upon
tho tnalof an impcachmen t the doors of the Senato
shall be kept, open, unless the court shall direct tho
doors to be closed while deliberating upon its decis-
ions.
The Secretary read rule twenty, as follows:
XX. All preliminary or interlocutory questions
and all motions shall bo argued by ono person only
on each side, and for not exceeding one hour on each
side, unless tho court shall by order extend the time.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to offer a substitute
for that rule. I move to strike out all and
insert in lieu of it:
Upon preliminary and interlocutory questions, and
upon motions, ono person only on each side shall
bo heard in argument, and tho person arguing in
support.of the question raised or tho motion made
shall bo entitled to open and close tho argument, and
to bo heard for not exceeding one hour in the open-
ing and for not exceeding titteen minutes in closing;
and the person arguing on tho other side shall be on-
titled to be heard lor not exceeding one hour and
fifteen minute^ but the court may, in its discretion,
extend the time in either case.
I trust that the committee which reported
these rules will not see any objection to this
modification of the twentieth rule. The hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, chairman of
the committee, will perceive that it does not at
all conflict with the principle of his rule; it
preserves its important feature, but it provides
for that which the rule reported by the com-
mittee does not provide, to wit: the closing
of an argument upon any question or motion
by the party raising the question or making
the motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Air. CONKLING. Is it not the ordinary
practice in all courts that the person making a
motion shall open it and reply to tho answer-
ing argument?
Mr. DRAKE. I certainly so understand it,
sir ; and it is just for that reason that I offer
this modification of the rule, because the rule
as it stands does not provide for that.
Mr. CONKLING. Tf tho Senator will aliow
me, my suggestion is this—and that was the
idea of the committee, of course—that tho
practice being habitual that the counsel object-
ing to evidence or making a motion had a right
to state his objection and then reply to the
answering argument, when you limit the whole
time to be occupied, as a matter of course the
limitation is in reference to the standing prac-
tice of the court; and when you say that no
counsel upon an interlocutory question shall be
heard more than an hour he divides the time to
suit himself. He takes fifteen minutes to begin
with, and three quarters of an hour afterward
to close, or vice versa, as he pleases. And I
submit to the Senator that if lie himself were
trying a cause he would prefer such an ar-
rangement to one which should limit him in the
close to a certain number of minutes, when he
might prefer to divide his time quite differ-
ently. The committee thought they met thtl
view of the Senator, and at the same time left
to the discretion of counsel how he would
divide, in each instance, his own time.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from New York, then, that the
rule should be explicit in the allowance of the
very thing that he now states. As it stands,
it is not explicit in that way, and I respectfully
submit to him that he ought to make it explicit;
atld if he will present any form of words that
shall give the counsel in favor of a motion or
objecting a right to divide his hour of time in
that way as he pleases I will certainly with
great pleasure withdraw my amendment, for
that is all I want to have explicit.
Mr. CONKLING. It was, of course, not
the purpose of the committee by rule to under-
take to point out every function of the court.
There were certain things which the committee
supposed would be taken for granted; and this
is one of them, like many other things that
could be given in illustration. The rule of
many courts, the rule in the courts in my own
State, provides that at nisi prius and circuit
no counsel shall sum up to the jury for more
than an hour without permission of the.court;
but the rule does not proyide also that the
plaintiff shall have the closing-argument, be-
cause it is the universal practice of the court
that that is so. And so here, if the Senator
sets himself about looking for all the things
which the court in the general line of its prac-
tice would do which are not set down in these
rules, he will find a great many of them, and
to provide for them would require us to amplify
the rules very much. I agree with him that
the practice should be as he states, and I feel
very confident that under this rule it will be so.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ate sits as a court of impeachment, it sits with-
out any precedent except that which has been
made by the Senate as a court of impeachment
in past times ; it is not bound by any rules or
any practice in any ordinary judicial tribunal;
and, therefore, the more necessity for our de-
fining all these matters strictly and with par-
ticularity. As the rule reads now, it might be
so construed as that the counsel on either side
should be heard but once only, and that for a
period of time not exceeding one hour. But
if the honorable Senator's view of the matter
is correct, which I suppose it to be, then I will
withdraw this amendment for the present, and
present a few words of amendment at another
lime in addition to this rule, which will make
the thing explicit as he now understands it to
be, but which I do not think is apparent on
the-face of the rule. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri withdraws his amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out that
rule, the twentieth rule. It does not occur to
me that there is any necessity for our adopting
any such rule. I am not aware that any such
rule has ever been adopted by the courts of
impeachment that have hitherto sat in this
country, either this Senate or the Senate of any
State. It has been the boast of this body that
wc have had unlimited debate. Some people
perhaps imagine that we have too much, and
yet there are some unsanctified people who
believe that this is really the only body in Con-
gress where there is legitimate debate and dis-
cussion and deliberation. I do not know anv
reason why we should at the beginning of this
trial, in this particular instance, make this an
exception to the course of conduct that has
hitherto been adopted. If the counsel for the
Government or the counsel for the person who
may be arraigned before us shall abuse our
patience it will be very easy for tho Senate as
a court to make a new rule so as to govern and
control their action, and then we shall be justi-
fied. in the eyes of the world in attempting to
limit them and control them; the burden will
be upon them and not upon us. But until they
shall have done so, I apprehend that the wisest
thing for us will be to pursue that course that
has ever been pursued hitherto in impeachment
