1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
Mr. GETZ. Will the gentlemaa allow me, 1
beton? he resumes his argument, to ask hiui
one question?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. (i K l'Z. Under what authority did An-
drew Johnson himself act as provisional gov-
ernor of lVnnesaoe ?
Mr. LAW REXCE, of Ohio. He neTer was
provisional governor. He was a military gov-
ernor. lie was appointed a brigadier general
in the Army, confirmed by the Senate, and
assigned to military duty in Tennessee. When
he got to Iennessee he never ventured to issue
  proclamation to set up civil government.
Civil povei nment, as established iu Tennessee,
was the work of voluntary conventions of the
people. Mr. Johnson did not attempt to con-
trol them iu that respect—to dictate who
should and who should not vote, or otherwise
to interfere with the voluntary work of the
people.
Mr. GETZ. Then I understand the gentle-
man to say that Governor J ohnson (for as such
I have always understood him to have acted in
Tennesseei was nierelv a military officer.
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Ohio. Merely a mil- ,
itarv officer—a brigadier general.
Mr. GETZ. I thank the gentleman for the
information.
Mr. BOYER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrexce] contend that the Pres-
ident ought to have left these States of the
South, atter the rebellion had ended, without
any lawful government at all?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
the President should have preserved order by
military power until he could assemble Con-
gress ; for the Constitution declares it Lis duty
to convene Congress on " extraordinary occa-
sions," and there never was so extraordinary
an occasion in the history of this country as
that whirh happened when the rebel armies
surrendered, yet the President refused and
failed to assemble the Congress in order that lie
might usurp the functions of the law-making
power.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he does not know, and whether it is
not a conceded fact, that President Lincoln
intended to pursue precisely the same course
with reference to the establishment of provis-
ional governments in the lately insur^entStates,
and that it was not his intention to convene
Congress? !
Mr. LAWREXCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, :
there is no evidence that President Lincoln had
any such purpose. On the contrary, the testi-
mony taken before the Judiciary Committee in
this matter of impeachment proves that Presi-
dent Lincoln never had determined upon any
plan of reconstruction, and that he never had
submitted to bis Cabinet any plan whatever.
Mr. BOYER. Does it not appear from the
testimony of Mr. Stanton, and the testimony
of Mr. Speed, and the testimony of General
Grant, that the Xorth Carolina proclamation
of President Johnson had been agreed upon
in the Cabinet of Mr. Lincoln but a short time
before his death as a proclamation to be issued
by him for the very purpose for which Presi-
dent Johnson afterward did issue it?
Mr. LAWREXCE, of Ohio. No, Mr. Chair-
man : no such thing. The North Carolina
proclamation was the work of Secretary Sew-
ard in substance. Secretary Stanton, accord-
ing to the testimony, had prepared the plan of
a proclamation before the death of President
Lincoln, but it never was approved either by
President Lincoln or by any member of his
Cabinet.
Mr. BOl ER. Does it not appear by the '
testimony of Mr. Stanton before the Judiciary
Committee that the proclamation issued by
President Johnson in the North Carolina case -
was substantially the proclamation which he 1
had drawn up and submitted to Mr. Lincoln, 1
and which had been approved by him as well
as by General Grant as the basis upon which
a provisional government should be established
in Xorth Carolina?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. General Grant
never approved of any proclamation, nor of '
the draft of any proclamation. How far Mr. :
Secretary Stanton's proclamation was similar
to the North Carolina proclamation does not
appear in the testimony, but it does nppear
that President Lincoln never sanctioned it and
that it neTer had the approval of his Cabinet.
Besides that, Mr. Chairman, I am not pre-
pared to say but that during flagrant war, as an
exercise of the war power, for temporary pur-
poses, the war power may set up a government
tor the purpose of crippling the enemy or gov-
erning his conquered territory. But to set up
a temporary government as a war measure to
cripple the enemy for temporary purposes is
one thing, but to attempt by Ailitary power to
set up a permanent civil State government is a
totally different thing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know of the
gentleman from Ohio if he has examined the
case in 9 Howard, which he will find on page
216, which decided that "on the conquest of a
country the President may establish a provis-
ional government which may ordain laws and
institute a judicial system which will continue
in force after the war is ended, until it is mod-
ified by the legislation of Congress or by the
Territorial government which has been estab-
lisbcd t^crc ''
Mr. LAWREXCE, of Ohio. I know the case.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. One moment before the
gentleman goes on. As I understand the de-
cision in that case, it relates to the conquest
of a territory or a country, and of course it
relates to foreign countries ; and I wish here
to say that I do not admit that these ten States
are in that condition, and now outside of the
Union, and in a territorial condition, as in the
opinion of the gentleman from Ohio they are.
But I understand the decision of the Supreme
Court to have been that upon the conquest of
the territory known uow as the State of Cali-
fornia, the President, independently of Con-
gress, had a right to establish a government
there which should continue in force until by
act of Congress or by a territorial government
established under the authority ot Congress,
that government, provisionally established by
the President, should be absolutely changed.
Mr. LAWREXCE, of Ohio. 1 am familiar
with the decision referred to by my colleague
on the Judiciary Committee, and I will state
my view of what was established in that case.
Publicists and writers on international law and
public law all say that war is either flagrant, '
or it may consist of what is called a state of |
war; non flagrante bello sed non dum cessante
bello. We do not, I think, differ about that.
It was simply decided in the California case,
to which the gentleman refers, that while a
state of war continues, the military power,
through military officers recognized by law,
may set up temporary provisional governments
to be controlled by military power until Con-
gress suall determine that a state of war has
ceased and that peace is restored. That is
what was done in the case of California. That 1
was, besides, a foreign country, acquired by '
conquest during the Mexican war, and over
which neither territorial nor State government
had yet been organized. The power there
exercised was a war power and no more, not 1
professing to establish any governmentto con- ■
tinue or be recognized in any form as a perma-
nent civil government. I
Now, sir, Andrew Johnson did not attempt
the exercise of the same power exercised in
California, but a very different one. In the
first place he acted through civil officers,
backed up by the military power; hi* pro- I
visional governors were civil officers. j
In the next place he not only professed to
establish provisional governments, but he es-
tablished provisional governments and then
provided for their abolition, and declared that
they should create permanent State govern-
ments. Nowj sir, there is a wide difference
between provisional governments for tempo-
rary military purposes%  provisional govern-
ments and the establishment of provisional
governments for the purpose of creating per-
manent civil State governments. And it is
this feature of the measures of the President
that constitutes the highest elements of crime
in his stupendous usurpations.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to say to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] that
he misapprehends the case I have cited from
D Howard's Reports.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Oh, no; not
at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I read from the sj'llabus
of the case. That case decides that after peace,
after war has ceased 
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. After flagrant
war has ceased.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman can-
not find that word in the case. After war
has ceased, the court decided that the govern-
ment which the President had established,
and which by law he might establish, should
continue—it does not say how long, but that it
shall continue—until Congress shall by some
act of its own abrogate that government, or
until it shall establish a territorial government,
which territorial government shall abrogate
the government established by the President
in his capacity as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy. Now the gentleman makes
a distinction which the case does not make.
It says "after peace," and "when peace ex-
ists." I take it that then there is no war
actual nor war in cessation. And if Congress
does not see fit to change the act of the Presi-
dent and to abrogate the government which he
has set up, nor to establish a territorial gov-
ernment which shall abrogate that govern-
ment, then I maintain that within the author-
ity of the case in 9 Howard, to which I have
referred, the government set up by the Presi-
dent will continue, I care not if it be ten or
twenty years, until it be abrogated by Congress
or by a territorial government legally estab-
lished and organized by Congress.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have given
my view of that case. The gentleman happens
to differ with me; the question is one now for
the lawyers, who shall read the case in con-
nection with other authorities upon the subject
and then determine who is right. But the
gentleman seems to forget that the President
denies the power of Congress to set aside the
State governments of his creation while the
authority he cites fully recognizes the right of
Congress exclusively to reconstruct civil gov-
ernment.
Now, I should be {ffad to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] a question.
The minority of the joint Committee on Recon-
struction, headed by one of the ablest among
all the able lawyers of this country, Reverdy
Johnsox, in his report submitted to Congress
in 1866, did not venture to say that Andrew
Johnson had power to take the steps for recon-
struction which he has done.
And now, does the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin claim that the President had the power to
take the steps which he did take in this work of
reorganization? If he does, he is the first man
among all the lawyers of this country who has
ever had the courage to claim any such thing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman pro-
pounds to me a question, and I will answer it
as briefly as I can.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman will do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman asks me
a question, and I hope he will allow me time
to answer it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I asked the
gentleman a question and he is entitled to the
time necessary to answer it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will answer the ques-
tion. The gentleman asks me whether the
President had power, if the United States
Army or the Government of the United States
can make conquest of territory, to establish a
provisional government in that territory. Ac-
cording to 9 Howard he can do so, and that
fovernment will continue until it is abrogated
y Congress, or by a territorial government
established by Congress. Now, sir, Congress
