186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
depressed and many of the trade are out of em-
ployment, and praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of 95 workers in machinery
at Norristown, Pennsylvania, setting forth that
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 51 workers in River-
side paper-mills, Montgomery county, Penn-
sylvania, setting forth that owing to foreign
competition their industry is greatly depressed
and many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 31 workingmen of Con-
sliohocken, Pennsylvania, praying for addi-
tional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 105 workers in rolling-
mills and iron-works at Allentown, Pennsyl-
vania, setting forth that owing to foreign com-
petition their industry is greatly depressed and
many of the trade are out of employment, and
praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 45 iron-workers in Con-
sliohocken, Pennsylvania, setting forth that
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
By Mr. CHANLER: A memorial of William
Whiting, to amend patent laws.
By Mr. COVODE: The petition of sundry
citizens of Westmoreland county, Pennsyl-
vania, for increase of tariff on imports.
By Mr. COBB: A memorial of Mrs. Harriet
R. Clinton, widow of Charles W. Clinton, late
lieutenant first regiment Wisconsin volunteer
cavalry, for back pay.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: Thepetitionof Abner
Iiirby and 20<) others, citizens of Wisconsin,
for an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor at the mouth of Menomonee river.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: Five sev-
eral remonstrances of officers, non-commis-
sioned oflicers, and privates of Ohio troops
who served in the late war, against the passage
of the bill to prevent payment of bounty to
honorably discharged soldiers in certain cases.
By Mr. McCLURG: The claim of Lieuten-
ant Benjamin F. Lutman, of Missouri.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The memorial of
manufacturers and merchants of Pittsburg
and Alleghany, Pennsylvania, praying that
Congress will authorize the enlargement and
deepening of the St. Mary's canal.
By Mr. MORRELL; The petition of 109
iron-workers and others, of Titusville, Penn-
sylvania, setting forth that owing to foreign
competition their industry is greatly depressed
and many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 38 workingmen of
Cooperstowu, Pennsylvania, setting forth that
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 87 iron-workers of
Clarion county, Pennsylvania, setting forth that
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade are out
of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 42 citizens of Clarion
county, Pennsylvania, praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 28 workmen in machine
works atMeadville, Pennsylvania, setting forth
that owing to foreign competition their industry
is greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and prayingfor additional
protective duties.
Also, thepetitionof 152 workingmen at Wes-'
terman Iron Works, Sharon, Pennsylvania,
setting forth that owing to foreign competition
their industry is greatly depressed and many
of the trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 50 coal-workers in
Hickory township, Mercer county, Pennsyl- j
40th Cost*. 2d Sess.—No. 163.
vania, setting forth that owing to foreign com-
petition their industry is greatly depressed and
many of the trade are out of employment, and
praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of William Gates and 45
others, citizens of Rockland, Venango county,
Pennsylvania, complaining of the depression
of manufacturing industry, and praying for
such increase of protective duties as will restore
prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of C. G. Dempsey and
others, oil producers and refiners, of Venango
county, Pennsylvania, representing that the
depression of the manufacturing industry of
the country affects disastrously every form of
production and business, and must reduce the
revenues and impair the credit of the Govern-
ment, and praying for such increase of protect-
ive duties as will revive manufactures and
restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of Patrick Hogan and 1700
others, workingmen in the iron mills and mines
of the Cambria Iron Company, at Johnstown,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing to for-
eign competition their industry is greatly de-
pressed and many of the trade are out of em-
ployment, and praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of 322 workers in furnaces
and forges, of Blair county, Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that, owing to foreign competition,
their industry is greatly depressed and many of
the trade are out of employment, and praying
for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of Thomas P. Himush and
others, workers in Roaring Spring paper-mill,
Blair county, Pennsylvania, setting forth that
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 550 workers in iron and
steel, machinists and merchants, of Blair county,
Pennsylvania, praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of John Clark and 24
others, citizens of Catharine township, Blair
county, Pennsylvania, praying for such increase
of protective duties as will revive manufactures
and restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of M. Orlady and 49
othex's, farmers, of Woodcock valley, Hunting-
don county, Pennsylvania, representing that
the depression of manufacturing industry af-
fects disastrously every form of production
and business, and praying for such increase of
protective duties as will revive manufactures
and restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of 64 mechanics and
others, citizens of Woodcock valley, Hunting-
don county, Pennsylvania, complaining of the
depression of industry, and praying for such
increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
country.
Also, the petition of D. R. P. Plenner and
26 others, miners in Woodcock valley, Hunt-
ingdon county, Pennsylvania, praying for such
increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
country.
Also, the petition of Theo. R. Brunell and
50others, iron-workers of Lewistown, Pennsyl-
vania, setting forth that, owing to foreign com-
petition, their industry is greatly depressed
and many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of George .McCombs and
89 others, workers in Juniata Iron Works, of
Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, setting forth
that, owing to foreign competition, their in-
dustry is greatly depressed, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of William Hoover and 08
others, iron-workers at Mill Creek, Huntingdon
county, Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing
to foreign competition, their industry is greatly
depressed and flippy of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 88 workers in Barree and
Coleram Forges, Huntingdon county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 21 workingmen in ax
manufactory at Lewistown, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of A. McAllister and 54
others, iron-workers of Springfield Furnace,
Blair county, I ennsylvania, praying for such
increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to tho
country.
Also, the petition of W. P. Mendenhall and
137 others, workers in iron and other metals, at
Altoona, Pennsylvania, complaining of the
depression of manufacturing industry, and
praying for additional protective duties.
Also, tne petition of P. Van Devander and 45
others, citizens of Williamsburg, Blair county,
Pennsylvania, complaining of the depression
of manufacturing industry, and praying for
such increase of protective duties as will restore
prosperity to the oountry.
^ Also, the petition of Augustus Troxell and
52 others, workingmen of Lewistown, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 00 coal-miners in Car-
bon township, Huntingdon county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of Samuel McVitty and
44 others, citizens of Clay township, Hunting-
don county, Pennsylvania, praying for such
increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
country.
By Air. MYERS: The petition of Louis
Sonntag, for bounty due him under act of July
28, I860. '
Also, a memorial of Joseph Nock, pray-
ing Congress to reiinact the repealed sixth sec-
tion of the act of 1842 in relation to patents.
Also, the petition of Ellen Baird, mother of
James Baird, deceased, company M, twenty-
first Pennsylvania cavalry, for arrears of pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Mary Groogan, widow of
James Groogan, deceased, company B, nine-
tieth Pennsylvania volunteers, for arrears of
pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Baskerville, mother
of James Baskerville, deceased, company H,
second regiment Pennsylvania reserves, for
arrears of pension.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of 82 work-
ers in paper factory and other branches of
industry in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, setting
forth that, owing to foreign competition, their
industry is greatly depressed, and many of the
trade are out of employment, and praying for
apditional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 110 workers in Pascal
iron-works of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that, owing to foreign competition,
their industry is greatly depressed, and many
of the trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 54 glass-workers in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, setting forth that,
owing to foreign competition, their industry is
greatly depressed, and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 22 citizens of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, praying for such increase
of protective duties as will revive manufac-
tures and restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of 108 workers in the Harri-
son boiler works of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
setting forth that, owing to foreign competition,
their industry is greatly depressed, and many
of the trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties'.
Also, the petition of George Banks and 15
others, workers in the Howard machine works
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for addi-
tional protective duties.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Rosa-
linda MeCabe, widow of Barney MeCabe, lute
of company 1, tenth New York cavalry, ior a
pension.
Also, the petition of Chancy D, Rose, for a
pension.
