1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8617
sive of the jurisdiction of all State courts in
such case.
The amendments of the committee were to
strike out "twenty" and insert "ten" before
the words ''tons burden and upward;" also
to add to the bill the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the matters
of contract mentioned in the foregoing section shall
be held to extend to and embrace all cases<of con-
tracts for repairs to materials or supplies furnished
for steamboats or other vessels of the class therein
described, enrolled and licensed in the coasting trade,
and employed in the business therein mentioned;
and the maritime laws shall extend against such
steamboats and vessels for such repairs, materials,
and supplies, to be enforced in admiralty, subject to
the right of trial by jury and the concurrent remedies
provided "in the foregoing section.
The question was upon agreeing to the amend-
ments reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WOODWARD. I want to know a little
more about this bill. I have listened to the
reading of it by the Clerk, and if I'understand
it—I am told by gentlemen around me that I
do not understand it—this bill extends ad-
miralty jurisdiction to every canal-boat on all
the canals of this country. I observe that there
is a most unskillful jumble in the bill about
trial by jury. Now, trial by jury is unknown
in admiralty jurisdiction. But how you are
going to extend the admiralty jurisdiction of
the United States to all the interior waters of
the country, carrying with it trial by jury, I do
not see very well. Surely that provision does
not take away the objection 1 have to the bill.
If 1 understand this bill—if I do not the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] will cor-
rect me—this is a proposition to subject all the
navigable waters of the United States to the
admiralty jurisdiction of the United States.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I do not think it has that
effect. The gentleman evidently misapprehends
the scope, meaning, and effect of this bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. Allow me to say that
I have only heard the bill read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman had
read the act of 1845 he would find in it all the
objections which he suggests to this bill. In
my judgment this bill does not extend the
admiralty jurisdiction of the courts of the
United States at all; it is simply a limitation
upon thatadmiraltyjurisdiction. Itisintended
to explain a discrepancy or a misapprehension
which has existed in regard to the act of 1845,
and in regard to the jurisdiction conferred by
the act of 1787. By the Constitution of the
United States and the act of 1787 the admi-
ralty court, in my judgment, possesses all the
jurisdiction that is sought to be conferred by
this bill. This bill is to explain and to apply
the provisions of the act of 1845 to the lakes
and the connecting waters of the lakes, as it was
intended by that act to apply it.
Mr. WOODWARD. What the gentleman
says about my not understanding this bill may
be correct, for 1 never heard it or of it until I
heard it read at the Clerk's desk. But I sub-
mit that a bill which is so much misunderstood
as the gentleman from Wisconsin says this bill
is ought to be the subject of more deliberate
consideration than he proposes we shall give
this bill. It cannot harm any possible interest
if the bill be postponed to some future day,
that we may have an opportunity to learn what
it is, that we may have an opportunity to study
its relations to previous laws and the decisions
of the Supreme Court upon the admiralty juris-
diction of the United States. If I understand
the bill, I regard it as one of most mis-
chievous consequence. I should be sorry to
see it passed without proper consideration
under the lead of my friend from Wisconsin.
This is not the way that this side of the House
ought to legislate on important questions. We
ought to have an opportunity to consider such
questions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. As the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not see fit to enlighten the
House upon the subject of the bill, and admits
his inability to do so, 1 think he ought to have
forborne to say that this bill is such a terrible
"jumble" as he represents it to be. Now, I
40TH CONS. 2D SE,jS.—No. 227.
insist that the bill is no "jumble" at all; but
the law as it has existed seems to be a good
deal jumbled up in the head of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and hedoes not seem quite
ready to apply the principles of this bill to the
law as it now exists. I insist that the law as
it stood under the Constitution and the act of
1787 extended the admiralty jurisdiction of the
United States to all our navigable waters,
rivers, lakes, and everything else. But in the
minds of some persons it was supposed to have
been limited to those waters where the tide
ebbs and flows, corresponding with the doc-
trine held in England. The act of 1845, while
it was intended to extend the jurisdiction of
the admiralty courts, was in fact a limitation
upon it. The act of 1845 limited that jurisdic-
tion to vessels of twenty tons burden, whereas
by the law of 1787 it had been extended to ves-
sels of ten tons burden. The act of 1845 was
therefore to that extent a limitation. In addi-
tion to this that act limited the jurisdiction to
vessels employed in commerce and navigation
between ports and places in different States.
This bill is intended to do away with what was
supposed in that bill to be a limitation by
extending the jurisdiction to those boats and
vessels which p!y between ports of this country
and the ports of Canada. I do not apprehend
that it will have, as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania supposes, any such effect as to extend
this jurisdiction to canal-boats.
I yield to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] who, I think, will satisfy my critical
friend from Pennsylvania that this bill is not
such a "jumble" as he supposes it to be.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I am not sure
that I shall be able to satisfy my distinguished
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
with reference to the provisions of this bill;
but I am sure that if he understood it he Would
not be opposed to it.
I had the honor to introduce the bill, and I
desire now to state the reasons for its intro-
duction. Prior to 1851 it was held in this
country that the State courts of the Union had
jurisdiction in all matters arising upon our
inland navigable waters, which, if they had
arisen elsewhere, upon tide-water, or perhaps
on our great lakes, would have been proper
subjects of maritime and admiralty jurisdiction.
But in 1851, m the famous case of the Genesee
Chief, (12 Howard R., 457,) all of the previous
decisions limiting the admiralty jurisdiction of
the Federal courts to tide-water were overruled
by the same court, and the broad doctrine
declared that that jurisdiction extends where
ever ships float and navigation successfully aids
commerce, whether internal or external. That
ease rose out of a collision between two ves-
sels on Lake Ontario. Its doctrine has been
many times affirmed by the same court in sub-
sequent cases. In some cases this jurisdiction
has been exercised by Federal courts in the
avowed execution of State statutes, and not
under any claim of a general common-law
power in these cour.ts to such a jurisdiction.
It was not, however, in any of the cases
prior to 1860 decided by the Supreme Court
that the jurisdiction of the district courts in
admiralty and maritime cases arising on our
inland rivers was exclusive of the jurisdiction
hitherto constantly claimed and exercised by
the State courts. On the contrary, it was either
not denied or it was in terms conceded that the
jurisdiction of the State courts ovgr all such
eases was concurrent with that of the district
courts of the United States. The State courts
along our western rivers have, therefore, con-
tinued to exercise uninterrupted, if not unques-
tioned, jurisdiction in such matters. Being
always conveniently accessible to suitors en-
gaged in such commerce, they have afforded
more prompt and satisfactory remedies than
more remote Federal courts could do.
I cannot persuade myself that the denial of
their jurisdiction is not a great public misfor-
tune to the people of the country, whether that
denial be legal or illegal. Their jurisdiction has
been acquiesced in and approved for more than
i half a century, and the beneficent ix-j]jlta of its
exercise greatly promoted the prosperity and
happiness of the people.
But it is now denied and declared never to
have had any legal existence. By a sweeping
edict of superior judicial power and construc-
tion it is absolutely annulled and destroyed.
In the cases of the Moses Taylor, from Cali-
fornia, and The Hine vs. Trevor, from Iowa,
the Supreme Court of the United States, ia
December, 1800, decided that—
"!• The admiralty jurisdiction, to which the power
of the Federal judiciary is, by the Constitution, do-
clared to extend, is not limited to tide-water, but
covers the entire navigable water* of the United States.
2. Theoriginaljurisdietiou in admiralty exercised
by the district courts, by virtue of the act of 1789, is
exclusive not only of other Federal courts, but of the
State courts also.
"3. And that, therefore. State statutes, relating to
western inland rivers, which attempt to confer upon
State courts a remedy for marine torts and nwme
contracts, by proceedings strictly in rem. arc void,
because they are in conflict with that act of Con-
gress."—-1 Wallace Reports, pp. 411, 55o,
Mr. Chairman, it will be readily seen and
fully appreciated by the Ilouue to what a radi-
cal extent the jurisdiction of the State courts
has been divested and that of the Federal
courts extended and enlarged by the course of
decisions to which I have referred. It will also
be seen how important it is to the interests of
the people that Congress shall give thought to
the duties imposed upon it by these great
changes.
But it may be alleged that the power does
not exist in Congress to confer jurisdiction
upon State courts over cases arising in any
part of the country which properly belong to
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction. If this
were now an original proposition I should feel
compelled to deny the existence of any such
power. It is not, however ; but, on the con-
trary, is res adjudicata, at least in the Federal
courts. In this bill it is proposed to recognize
and continue by express enactment the con-
current jurisdiction of the State courts over
cases of this kind which arise "upon the lakes
and navigable waters connecting said lakes, or
upon any of the inland navigable rivers or other
waters of the United States."
In the case of The Hine vs. Trevor, already
referred to, the Supreme Court say:
*'2. The grant of admiralty powers to the district
courts of the United States by the ninth section of
the act of September 24,1789, is coextensive with this
grant in tlio Constitution as to the character ot the
waters over ■which it extends.
"3. The act of February 2(5,1815. is a limitation of
the powers granted by the actof 1789 as regards eases
arisRig upon tho lakes.and nnvigable waters con-
necting said lakes in the following particulars :
"'1. It limits the jurisdiction to vessels of twenty-
tons burden and upwards, enrolled and licensed for
the coasting trade, and which are employed in cnu>-
merce and navigation between ports and places ia
different States.
" '2. It grants a jury trial if either party shall de-
mand it.'"
Now, I desire to say here to my learned
friend from Pennsylvania that the Federal
courts have repeatedly held that law valid;
that it is competent to give suitors in the Fed-
eral courts the right of trial by jury in admi-
ralty cases, and it has been enforced in all the
States bordering upon the lakes.
"3. Tho jurisdiction is not oxolusive, but is ex-
pressly made concurrent with such remedies a  may
be givon by State laws."
It thus appears that tho right of Congress
to make jurisdiction in such case concurrent
between the Federal and State courts is fully
recognized by the Supreme Court, and may,
for the purposes of this argument, be consid-
ered established. But the act of February 26,
18-15, only makes such jurisdiction concurrent
where the cases arise out of commerce upon
the lakes and their connecting waters. In the
case just mentioned that court say :
"The grant of original admiralty jurisdiction by
the act of 1789, including, as it does, all cases' not
covered by the act of 1S15, is exclusive, not only of
all other Federal courts, but of all State courts.
Now, the very object of this bill is to extend
the provisions of the act of 1845 to our i nland
navigable rivers and other inland navigable
waters, as well as to the lakes and their con-
necting waters ; so that the local State courts
in the vicinity of our great western water
