186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
exercised a wise discretion in not rushing hast- |
ily through this matter, but in giving it due j
time and reflection.
Now, I think that that answers the gentle-
man fully. He asks me, however, in regard
to a particular point, whether the President
had the power to establish these governments
or not. I will in reply say this: whether the
President had the power or not, both General
Grant and Mr. Stanton agreed with the Presi-
dent that it was necessary to have some gov-
ernment in the southern States; and the gov-
ernments established under the authority of the
President would exist until Congress should
establish other governments there, which up to
the present day Congress has not done. The
President simply organized governments in
those States, (which, if the gentleman's view
that they are Territories be correct, the Pres-
ident has the right to do;) and those govern-
ments will stand until Congress shall change ;
them. Congress has never yet dared to change
those governments; and so far as that is con-
cerned, although we have had reconstruction j
committees and all that sort of thiug, those j
governments are to-day the only civil govern- ,
ments existing in those States. ;
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I have never claimed that those States were
Territories. I have constantly denied any such
doctrine. I have maintained that they are
geographical States without lawful State gov-
ernments, entited to have a republican form
of Government guarantied to them by Congress,
whose duty it is to provide by law for the
establish m ent o f permanent State governments.
The gentleman did not answer my question.
I want to know whether, in his opinion, the
President had power to appoint provisional gov-
ernors—merely civil officers—when the Con-
stitution says that he shall appoint,no officer
unless the office is first created by law ? The
gentleman is silent upon that subject. I want
to know whether the President had power to
set up provisional governments, not merely to
be temporary, but with a view to create a per-
manent State government? The gentleman
does not answer that question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will answer the ques-
tion. I never believed that the President had
power to establish any such government in any
organized and existing State of this Union.
My own position has always been that those
States exist within the Union ; and that the
people themselves—neither the President nor
Congress—should reorganize their govern-
ments ; that the loyal people themselves have
the right to get together and set their State gov-
ernment again in motion. That is my position.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Then, Mr.
Chairman, I am glad to find that my dis-
tinguished friend from Wisconsin agrees with
me that these acts of the President are mon-
strous usurpations. I welcome him to the
ranks of those who denounce the man at the
White House as a usurper, a violator of the
Constitution, and guilty of high crimes against
the people of all the States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And, Mr. Chairman, I
think, so far as that is concerned, that Con-
gress and the President are in pari delicto—
that they stand together as infamous usurpers
of ungranted powers.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
there was one remark of the gentleman that I
did not answer. He said that Congress had
established no civil governments in these States.
Congress has given validity to a State govern-
ment in Tennessee. It has provided by law
for the establishment of loyal State govern-
ments in all the rebel States; and under our
laws State governments will be organized.
Mr. BOl ER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. BOYER. If the State governments
which existed at the time the Thirty-Ninth
Congress assembled were illegal, why was it
that Congress neglected to take measures for
substituting legal governments until near the
close of the second session of that Congress?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will answer |
that question. When we came here we found j
this work of the President on our hands. We
immediately appointed a committee to investi-
gate the question whether it was expedient to
go to work to hedge in those State governments
and throw guards around them, thus building
upon the work of the President, or whether it
was better to wipe all out and begin de novo.
It took the Reconstruction Committee some
time to report. They did not report, I believe,
till June, 1866. It was a great subject, involv-
ing the establishment of governments over
eleven States of this Union ; and it was a sub-
ject worthy of grave and deliberate consider-
ation. We tried for a time the plan of giving .
validity to those State governments by exact-
ing constitutional amendments as conditions-
precedent to restoration. We tried to protect
the loyal men in those States by our Freed-
men's Bureau bill and the civil rights bill.
But we found that all these efforts failed, and
at last we were driven to the necessity of doing
the work from the ground up, and providing I
by law for the establishment of new State gov- ,
ernments.
Mr. B0YJ3R. I have one more question to
ask the gentleman, and that is whether he does
not think if all these States had subordinated
themselves to the doctrines of the Republican
party, as did the State of Tennessee, Congress
would have considered the work which had
been done by the President of the United
States lawful and proper enough to build upon,
and upon which to have admitted representa-
tives of those States, as Congress has done in
the case of Tennessee?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Ah, Mr. Chair-
man, if the President had reconstructed those
States in the form in which they ought to have
been reconstructed I think Congress would
have ratified his illegal work, but his crime
and usurpation would have been none the less.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would Congress have
adopted the crime ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir; not
the crime—they would have accepted its
results—they would have made that lawful
which was not lawful before.
I now resume my argument and proceed to
notice other crimes of the President.
DISPENSING WITH THE TEST-OATH.
The actof Congressof July2,1862, provides
that—
" Every person" • « * * "appointed
to" * * * * "office" « * *  
1 "shall, before entering upon thedutiosof such office,
I and before being entitled to any of the salary thereof
! tako an oath"—
known as the "test-oath," that he has not
given aid to rebellion.
On the 5th of April, 1866, the President
transmitted to Congress a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in which that
: officer says, in relation to appointments to
i office in the rebel States in 1865, that—
"As the country was passing from a state of war to
a state of peace and tbe emergency seemed to bo too
pressing to admit of delay until the meeting of Con-
gress, it was thought that the test-oath might, in
view of the great objects to be attained, in some cases
be dispensed with; or rather that persons might be
permitted to hold revenue offices who could take it
; only in a qualified form. No one could have regret-
ted inorothan yourself (the President) and the mem-
bers of your Cabinet the necessity which existed for
J this course."—House Executive Document 81, first ses-
' sion Thirty-Ninth Congress: and tee Document* offirst
tension Thirty-Ninth. Congress; Senate Executive Doc-
\ ument 3; Senate Executive Document 38; House
; Report, 51.
! Between April and December, 1865, the
: President appointed twenty-six officers of the
'J customs, three collectors and six assessors of
'j internal revenue, and one direct tax commis-
, i sioner; and under the policy so authorized
i thirty-nine assistant assessors were appointed
| by the Treasury Department and permitted to
I enter on the duties of their offices, none of
j whom could or did take the test-oath. (Ibid.
:j Evidence, 607, 34, 40.)
The Attorney General, concurring with the
Secretary of War, tht0 persons could not be
lawfully "inducted into office without taking
the test-oath," so advised the President, at
least as early as August 19, 1865. (Evidence,
792.) Bat he took no steps to countermand
the assent lie had given to the appointment of
rebels, and they continued to be appointed up
to the time when Congress met in December.
(Evidence, 661, Senate Executive Documents
3 and 38, first session Thirty-Ninth Congress.)
And the President, though advised by Mr. Sew-
ard of tbe propriety of " submitting the facts to
Congress," failed and refused, until compelled
by the Senate resolution of December 13, 1865,
to do so. (Evidence, 372, Senate Executive
Document 3, first session Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. )
Congress has refused to modify the " test-
oath," and experience has shown that no
necessity existed for violating the law. (Re-
port 51, House of Representatives, first session
Thirty-Ninth Congress.) •
The President, whose duty it was "faithfully
to execute" the laws, deliberately determined
to suspend their operation and disregard them.
If he may do so the courts may equally do the
same, and the law-making power will be a
nullity.
For a similar offense James II was driven
from the throne and lost his crown. The Dec-
laration of Right was the result, affirming that
the "dispensing power" had no legal exist-
! ence in England, and law and liberty were
1 thus secured " against the aggressions of future
; sovereigns." (2 Macaulay's History of Eng-
| land, 11, 601, 606.)
j SUSPENDING CONFISCATION LAWS.
i By the acts of Congress of August 6, 1861,
I and July 17, 1862, property used for insurrec-
tionary purposes and of persons engaged in
rebelliou was liable to confiscation by pro-
ceedings in the courts. (12 Statutes, 319, 501.)
It was the duty of the President to see these
laws "faithfully executed," at least against
some of the great leaders of the rebellion not
1 relieved by pardon or amnesty, since the Presi-
dent can exercise no dispensing power over the
laws. For one I would not desire any general
confiscation; but the wisdom or expediency
of legislation is to be decided by Congress, and
the President has never yet recommended the
repeal or modification of these acts. In May,
1865, the President ordered the Attorney Gen-
eral to enforce these laws. (Executive order
of May 9; proclamation May 29; Senate Ex-
ecutive Document 26, first session Thirty-
Ninth Congress; McPherson's Political Man-
ual for 1866-67, page 8.) But the President
soon changed his purpose and refused to per-
form his duty as marked out by law, because
" he hardly considered it a proper policy,"
and proceedings instituted for confiscation
were generally discontinued, including that
against the notorious C. C. Clay. (Evidence,
553, 155, 421, 428, 550, 552, 448.) It is not
pretended "that the courts would not enforce
these acts." (Evidence, 552.) Con6scation
would have brought millions from great offend-
ers to the public Treasury. (Evidence, 152,
155, 428.) But the essential crime of the Pres-
ident is not so much in the loss to the Treas-
ury, the consequent increased burdens on loyal
citizens, the immunity afforded to rebels, but
in the assumption of a power to dispense with
the laws at his pleasure, and thus annihilate
the will of the people as expressed by Con-
gress. (Evidence, 152, 156, 428.)
FAILDBK TO EXECUTE TBI LAWS AGAINST TREASON.
The fact is also notorious that the laws for
the punishment of treason have not in a single
case been executed. The lapse of time will
soon bar all prosecutions against every one of
the great traitors within our jurisdiction, (1
United States Statutes, 119, section 32.) The
Attorney General, on the 6th January, 1866,
declared to the President that it was his
"plain duty to cause criminal prosecutions to
be instituted against some of those who were
mainly instrumental in inaugurating and most
conspicuous in conducting the late hostilities."
(Senate Executive Document 7, first session
Thirty-Ninth Congress: House Resolution,
June 11, 1866.)
