8618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
highways shall retain and continue to exercise
jurisdiction in the exceedingly numerous cases
which arise out of the commerce carried on
upon those streams, which is nearly equal to
all the other commerce of the entire country
in extent, value, and importance. It is another
object of this bill to secure the right of a trial
by jury in such cases. This right exists under
all the systems of State laws for the regulation
ofsueh jurisdiction. But, I admit, the remedies
in admiralty, which are derived from the civil
and not from the common law, do not allow
or include the right of jury trial. This, how-
ever, by no means justifies the conclusion that
the right ought to be denied in such cases. It
13 in harmony with our general jurisprudence
to allow that great right in all cases. There
is nothing in the nature of the cases which
arise in connection with our vast inland water
commerce to distinguish them in any material
respect from the general classes of civil actions
■which engage the attention of our courts. The
extension of admiralty and maritime jurisdic-
tion, by a sort of judicial legislation to all
the inland waters of our country oil which
"vessels float and navigation successfully aids
commerce," has entirely destroyed the intrinsic
difference between such jurisdiction and the
general civil jurisdiction of the courts. The
right of trial by jury ought therefore to be
secured. This bill does not propose to give
that right in cases in admiralty which arise
out of the external commerce of the country,
and cannot be tried in any State tribunals, but
only in Federal courts.
Now, we are in this anomalous condition in
this country. Under this atid other decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United Slates
admiralty jurisdiction of the Federal courts is
exclusive of the entire judicial power of the
States over every case of this kind, whether
it arise upon the gulf or open waters of the
■world, or upon any of our inland rivers navi-
gable by steamboats, except cases arising on
the lakes and their connecting waters. We
are in that peculiar condition in which one of
these cases may arise upon one of the lakes,
and then the jurisdiction of the local State
courts is concurrent with that of the Federal
courts, and the right oftrial byjury is secured ;
but, if the case arise upon any of our great
western rivers, then the jurisdiction of the
Federal courts is absolutely exclusive, and the
right of trial by jury is denied. This condition
ought not to continue a single day. It is inju-
rious to the country, unjust to the people,
unequal in its effect, upon different sections, and
absurd in itself. It arises out of and results
from the decisions to which I have referred.
It can have no remedy except by congressional
legislation. This bill provides a remedy, makes
the law equal and just, saves the right of suitors
to seek their remedies in the State courts, and
secures the right of trial by jury.
The object of this bill, Mr. Speaker, is to
carry out the doctrine established in the act of
1845 as to the lakes, and to give to the local
tribunals of the States concurrent jurisdiction
with the Federal tribunals, to the end that jus-
tice may be cheapened and made more conven-
ient and accessible to the people, and so that
we may maintain and reestablish the very juris-
diction for which my friend from Pennsylvania
is so anxious to have security in his bill. The
object of this bill is to continue in operation the
•well-considered systems of State laws for the
regulation of such cases in the State courts,
and to suspend the effect of the judicial repeal
of them by the Supreme Court.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My fiiendfrom Indiana
has made a good speech. I have understood
no one has any difficulty about this bill but my
distinguished friend from Pennsylvania; and
now that it is shown not to be a jumble," and
that the act of 1845 provided for a jury, now
that it is relieved of this difficulty, I demand
the previous question.
Mr. MUNGEN. For the purpose of inform-
ation, I desire to ask the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] a question touching
the effect which this bill will have if passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly. What is the
question ?
Mr. MUNGEN. Will this bill, if passed,
compel litigants to seek redress for trivial
wrongs on inland waters in the Federal courts
of the different judicial districts of the United
States? If two canal-boats collide on any of
the "raging canawls" of Ohio or Indiana, and
the cook or any other man aboard sustains a
slight personal injury, will the cook aforesaid
be compelled to go into a Federal court where
the costs and expenses of litigation are so enor-
mous to seek for damages? There certainly
are modes of redress pointed out and provided
for in regard to such wrongs in our different
State courts. If this be the intention of the
bill, I am opposed to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is en-
tirely mistaken. That is the very question
which troubled my friend from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MUNGEN. If so, I am glad of it. I
only asked for information, not having heard
the- gentleman's remarks on the bill. With
the understanding that its object is to give State
courts jurisdiction and lessen the expense of
litigation I am for the measure, and will sup-
port it with ray vote.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. I am only the agent of
the committee, and the gentleman must not
blame me for insisting, as there are a number
of bills to be reported, on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I did not intend to
invoke any lecture from the gentleman from
Wisconsin by simply asking time enough to
understand this bill. That is the front of my
offending. I have asked this legislative body
shall allow one of its members to understand
this hill. I do not say I shall vote against it.
From hearing it read at the desk it seemed to
me to be a bill eminently worthy to be exam-
ined; and I think my honorable friend, my
testy friend from Wisconsin, should allow us
time to understand this bill before being called
upon to vote on it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. This billhasbeen on the
gentleman's file for four months, and he has
had ample time to study it and make himself
acquainted with it. He did not know or un-
derstand the position in which I am placed or
he would not get angry and scold me because
I cannot yield him further time. He cannot
know I am the agent of the committee in
reporting this bill, or he would not have accused
my friend from Indiana with jumbling up mat-
ters in this bill. lie says he is not familiar
with it, and from what he said I am sure he
does not know anything about it.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I object to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin yielding further.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WOODWARD. I demaiad the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, from the same committee,
also reported back adversely House bill No.
182, extending the provisions of the act entitled
"An act fixing the compensation of bailiffs
and criers of the courts for the District of Co-
lumbia ;" and the same was laid on the table.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OP DEEDS.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee
Oil the Judiciary, reported adversely on the
bill (H. R. No. G) further to provide for the
acknowledgment of deeds in the District of
Columbia; which was laid on the table.
TITLES TO LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 5G8)
explanatory of the act entitled ' 'An act declar-
ing1 the titles to land warrants in certain
cases," with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that the act referred to,
approved June 3, 1858, shall be so construed
as to authorize the legal representatives of the
deceased claimants to file the proof ueeessary
to perfect the claims.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PltlZE MONEY.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 501)
explanatory of an act entitled "An act to regu-
late prize proceedings and the distribution of
prize money, and for other purposes," approved
June 30,1804; which was ordered tobeprinted,
and recommitted to the committee.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I desire to enter a
motion to reconsider.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
COURTS IN IDAHO AND MONTANA.
Mr. CHURCHILL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back a bill (H. It. No.
263) amendatory of the organic act of Idaho,
extending jurisdiction of justices of the peace,
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute therefor.
The substitute was reported. It provides
that the organic act of the Territories of Idaho
and Montana, and the acts amending the same,
so far as they relate to the jurisdiction of pro-
bate courts and of justices of the peace, be
amended as follows: the probate courts in said
Territories in their respective counties, in ad-
dition to their probate jurisdiction, are hereby
authorized to hear and determine civil causes
wherein the debt or damage does not exceed
$2,000, and also such criminal cases arising
under the laws of said Territories as do not
require the intervention of a grand jury ; pro-
vided that said probate courts shall not have
jurisdiction in any matter in controversy
wherein the title or right to the peaceable
possession of land may be in dispute, nor of
chancery or divorce cases. And provided
further, that in all cases an appeal may be taken
from any order, judgment, or decree of said
probate "courts to the supreme court of the
Territory. The judge of each probate court in
Montana, when the population shall exceed
six thousand, may, iftbe Legislative Assembly
of the territory so authorize, appoint a clerk
for said court, who shall hold said office dur-
ing the session of the court, and shall receive
such fees as may be fixed by law. The pro-
bate courts in Montana where the Legislative
Assembly shall have authorized the appoint-
ment of a clerk as herein provided shall be
courts of record. Section two provides that jus-
tices of the peace in said Territories in actions
and proceedings of which they now have juris-
diction by the laws of said Territories, and the
acts hereby amended, are authorized to hear
and determine matters in controversy wherein
the debt or sum claimed shall not exceed the
sum of $300.
Mr. CULLOM. I would inquire if this bill
has been considered by the committee?
Mr. CHURCHILL. This substitute was
drawn substantially by the chairman of the
committee, and is approved by the committee.
It extends to the probate courts of these two
Territories, and also to the justices of the peace,
the same jurisdiction that has been exercised
for the last five years by the same courts in
the Territory of Colorado, and which has been
found to work very beneficially. I call the '
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
