1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Brooks.
Ho. os Eeps.
the absurd words " colored men." The negro
is a negro, and only a negro—of a type, a race
of men as different from ours as the Hottentot
or the Bushman. God has created us anatom-
ically and physiologically different in almost
all respects, go far as we can judge never in-
tending us to be equal or kindred men, and
though of one blood, He has determined the
bounds of their habitations, and never assur-
edly determined that an inferior _ race from
Africa should govern, as set forth in this bill,
here, in America, a superior race of men.
AMALGAMATION OR MISCEOEXATTOf IN A GOVERNMENT
COPARTNERSHIP IS GOVERNMENT DESTRUCTION.
After entering so briefly and necessarily so
imperfectly upon the anatomical and physical
distinctions that part us from the negro—a
discussion which might be extended to any
length—1 now ask the attention of the House,
in as few words as possible, to certain histor-
ical facts ; for this experiment of negro equality
is no novelty in history. We are not the first
negrophilists who have trodden over the old
ground of amalgamation and miscegenation,
and hence we have nothing new to offer in it
or to cxpcct from it. The experiment was
tried hundreds of years ago, and it has been
tried in our own time and in our own genera-
tion too. I will not allude to Hayti, where
the negro is so wise that he will not admit the
white man into the government of that coun-
try or even allow him to hold real estate there.
I will not allude to Jamaica, where the negroes
have managed their local Government so badly
that the British authorities at home have taken
the power of self-government from them, and
redeposited it in the Crown, through a British
governor and council; but I will go a little
farther and show from the great history of the
world that the negro has not the capacity of
self-government or of any species of popular
government, and that wherever or whenever
the superior race has shared government -with
him destruction has been the lot of both.
THE MULATTO WITn WHITE BLOOD IN HIS VHINS.
I speak not now of the mulatto, because the
mulatto with white blood in his veins often has
the intelligence and capacity of a white man.
But for violating a law of God, that all are to
be punished who indulge in a criminal admix-
ture of races, so that beyond the third or fourth
generation there can be no further mulatto pro-
geny, I would admit the mulatto to the right of
suffrage, if I could do it without violating that
law or without establishing a principle which
would be fatal to my own race. I recognize
the mulatto's intelligence and capacity with
our white blood flowing in his veins, and I
know that he is often the equal and sometimes
the superior of some white men.
THE CONCO NEGRO, ETC.
But the Congo negro, the Dahomey negro,
the Guinea negro, the negro of the southern
States, is no brother of ours, and God never
made him for our brother. I do not say that
he is only a higher species of the anthropoid
apes, as some say, but I do say that the orang-
outang is as intelligent as many of the Bushmen
of southern Africa, and that the chimpanzee
and the gorilla in their forms of creation won-
derfully represent the ignorant and brutalized
negro ; and I will add that if we are to degrade
this great Government of ours into a southern
negro Congo Government, it is as well to take
into the partnership the orang, the chimpan-
zee, and the gorilla as to go into this partner-
ship with the sons of Congo, Soudan, and
Dahomey, the native lands of them all, apes
and men.
I do not mean in what I have said to refer to
the mulatto, or quadroon, or octoroon, whose
intelligence I respect by virtue of the white
blood that runs in their veins, but to the pure
Congo negro. I admit him to be a "man,"
but he is not a " brother" if he is a man, and
I will never consent to divide self-government
with him, or to degrade our own noble, histor-
ical race to his low level.
THE NEGRO UNCHANGED AND UN CHANGEABLE.
The negro is the same, and has been the
same, for four thousand years. While all other
races—our own race—emerging from barbar-
ism, have been constantly improving the negro
in Africa is to be seen now just as he was in
the earliest periods of Egyptian record. In the
frescoes or amid the tombs of Egypt, four
thousand years old in all probability, the negro
there exhibits the same pictured life he lives
in now. His tough skull and strong muscles of
the neck are carrying the same burden that he
carries to this day. He was then the servant
of the Egyptian man, the yellow man of Egypt,
just as he is the servant of the Caucasian now.
As Virgil described the race sonae two thousand
years ago, when he wrote of an "AuntChloe"
of his day, even so is the negro now:
"Afra genus, tota patriam testante figura,
To rta comam J abroque tumens et lusea colorem:
Pectora lata, jacons inammis, comprcssior alvo,
Cruribus oxilis, spatiosa prodiga planta;
Contmuis nmis calcaaoa scissa rigebant."
I quote Cowper's translation, and I trust
you, sir, will the more enjoy it as coming from
an old abolition friend, who would have not a
slave to till his grounds:
"Prom Afric slie, the swain's sole serving maid,
Whose lace and form alike her birth betrayed:
With woolly locks, lips tumid, sable skin.
Wide bosom, udders flaccid, bellythin,
Legs slender, broad and most misshapen feet,
Chopped into chinks andparched with solar heat."
That is the description given by Virgil two
thousand years ago; and that is the appear-
ance of the negro of this day. In his own
native land he has not improved, and he never
will improve, save as he comes in close contact
with civilization, and is forced to exercise his
naturally imitative powers.
CIVILIZATION AND CHKISTI.YN1TY HAVE NOT CHANGED
1IIM.
Pour thousand years ago he was exactly
what he is now, anno Domini 18G7, and what
he ever will be, save as he comes in contact
with the civilization of a superior race. The
Egyptians whose genius created the pyramids,
the sphynx, the obelisk; the Carthagenian
whose soldiers under Hannibal surmounted
the then horrid Alps, rolled over the Cam-
pagna of Home, and the plains of Capua ; the
lloman, whose arms and whose arts embraced
the whole world—all have brought their civil-
ization and their arts before the negio race,
but all in vain. The Church had holy founda-
tions in Carthage, in Cyrene, in Alexandria,
throughout all Egypt, and far, far up the Nile,
and ascetics from upper Egypt, clothed in the
wild raiment of the Baptist, wandered forth in
sheepskins and goatskins, and dwelt in deserts
and on mountains, in dens and eaves, to bring
the negro to Christ, but all, all in vain. Pagan,
savage, cannibal oven, the negro in his own na-
tive home for thousands of years has defied all
civilization, all Christianity; and only when
in close individual contact with the superior
race is the negro improved or improvable.^ He
clings to his gregrees, jujus, fetichism with as
much pertinacity as he did hundreds of years
ago. But a wonderful imitative genius is that
of the negro ! It displays itself surprisingly in
music and in a variety of our culinary arts.
When associated with the white man the negro,
through his faculties of imitation, becomes in
many occupations almost the equal of the white
man. But when left to his own guidance, as
in Hayti, in Jamaica, or in upper Egypt, he
returns to his barbaric tastes, bis gregrees, his
jujus, the fetich, &c.
NO NEGRO POETS, ARCHITECTS, NO GREAT MECHAN-
ICS, ETC.
Where, oh tell me where, sir, lias the pure-
blooded negro, unassisted by the white man,
exhibited any of the triumphs of genius?
Where have we found that race producing a
Homer, a Phidias, a Praxiteles, a Socrates, a
Demosthenes, a Virgil, or a Milton, or a Shak-
speare? Where lias it produced any great
architect like Michael Angelo? Where any
great poet, where auy heroic soldier like Aiex- I
ander, Cassar, or Napoleon ? Where any won-
derful mechanic? What negro of pure blood
ever started a steam-engine or a spinning-
jenny, a screw, a lever, the wheel, or the pul-
ley? What negro has invented a telegraph or
discovered a star, a satellite, or an asteroid?
What negro ever constructed a palatial edifice
like this in which we are assembled, these
Corinthian columns, these frcscoed walls? Ne-
gro history makes no mark ill the great world's
progress. That history is all a blank, blank,
blank, sir. The negro can never rise above a
certain range of intelligence. The children of
the negro, up to ten or fifteen years of age,
may be as bright and as intelligent as white
children. They acquire knowledge as rapidly;
but after that early age the negro youth does not
advance as does the white youth. While the
white man is increasing in knowledge till the
day of his death the negro reaches before the
age of maturity a point beyond which he can-
not well advance in anything save in the arts
of mere imitation.
Mr. GAliFIELD. Will the gentleman tell
us who Euclid was?
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman mean
to intimate that Euclid was a negro? Why,
sir, he had not a particle of wool on his head.
Mr. GAliFIELD. He was only an Abys-
sinian.
THE LESSONS OP LIFE—THE ARABS FIRST.
Mr. BROOKS. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am
about to show further that wherever there has
been an admixture of a superior race with the
negro the utter deterioration and degeneracy,
if not the destruction, of the dominant race
has been the result. Look at the history of
the Middle Ages, when the men of our race
were involved in mental darkness, when even
the priests could not read or write, and when
books were not printed. At that time the
Arabs had almost all the knowledge and learn-
ing in the world. Under the banner of their
prophet they started from the holy eity of
Mecca and swept along the whole northern
coast of the Mediterranean, by Alexandria,
Carthage, and beyond the pillars of Hercules;
aye, carrying over the Sierra Nevada of Spain
into the beautiful valley of the Grenadian La
Vega their wonderful arts, as well as their vic-
torious arms. They constructed the magnifi-
cent Alhambra; they created the Alcazars of
Seville and Cordova. Our countryman, Irving,
in glowing prose, with thoughts that breathe
and words that burn, has pictured their marches
and conquests, and their arts as well as their
arms. The whole Christian world shrank and
trembled before the mighty genius of this Arab
race while it was overrunning Spain and threat-
ening Europe with downfall. But in an evil
hour they who had planted the noblest banners
of poetry and of prose, of philosophy, and of
history, in the front rank of the learning of the
world; they wjio had invented the science of
notation, and taught us decimals; they who
had created algebra and given it the Arabic
name ; they who had measured the heavens in
their astronomy, and givon the very names we
now use to the stars and constellations that
sparkle in the sky; they who bequeathed to us
the Arabic-named Al-manac, (the Diary,) the
little work now indispensable in every man's
house—alas, they mingled the blood of their
heroic race with the Nubian, the negro, with
the inferior and degraded races of Africa all
about them, and they rapidly fell from their
exalted position into the degraded pool of
races with whom they had commingled. These
once heroic Arabs were driven from Grenada,
and lingering awhile upon the coastofthe Medi-
terranean, they refied into Africa, dishonored,
degraded, destroyed, by forgetting their Arab
nobility and becoming Nubians, negroes, and.
other inferior races of Africa.
THE OTTOMAN TURKS NEXT.
Years afterward there salliedforth from Asia,
that great storehouse of nations, the Ottoman.
