THE CON GEBSSIDKAJii 'GWffll:
May.%
think it will take but a few moments to dis-
pose of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the bill (S. No.
286) to incorporate the National Life Insur-
ance Company of the United States of America.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose that will be in
order at one o'clock. The Senator rfow pro-
poses to consider a private corporation bill in
the morning hour.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
understand that there is great anxiety in the
Senate to consider the Arkansas bill after the
morning hour, and I should like to have this
bill out of the way. It will lead to no discus-
sion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 280) to incor-
porate the National Life Insurance Company
of the United States of America.
By its provisions John D. Defrees, William
E. Chandler, Samuel Wilkeson, E. A. Rollins,*
Nathan G. Starkweather, John A. Wills, Frank
Turk, AdamS. Pratt, Henry C. Swain, and all
the other persons who shall hereafter become
stockholders in the company incorporated, are
to ba created a body politic and corporate, by
the name and style of the National Life Insur-
ance Company of the United States of Amer-
ica, for the purpose of carrying on the business
of insurance on lives, and to make all and
every insurance appertaining thereto or con-
nected therewith ; and to grant, purchase, and
dispose of annuities in the city of Washington,
in the District of Columbia, and elsewhere,
with a capital stock of $1,000,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the bill by
adding to the tenth section the words "subject
to the laws of the States respectively in which
they may be established so as to make the
section read:
That the office of the company shall be located in
the city of Washington, in tho District of Columbia,
and said company may establish branches or agen-
cies elsewhere, subject to the laws of the States
respectiwilyjn which they may be established.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
There is no objection to that.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read th« third time,
and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 489) to relinquish the interest of the Uni-
ted States in certain lands to the city and
county of San Francisco; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and tlie Militia.
UMATILLA INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 215) to vacate and sell the Umatilla res-
ervation in the State of Oregon.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary o# the In-
. terior to negotiate with the Indians upon the
Umatilla reservation, in the State of Oregon,
for the_ relinquishment to the United Statesof
all their claim or right to that reservation, and
for their removal to other reservations in that
State or Washington Territory ; and to defray
the expenses of the negotiation the sum of
$2,000 is appropriated; but all expenses in-
curred and all payments made or promised to
these Indians in acquiring their right or claim
shall not exceed the probable proceeds of the
sale of* the reservations.
By the provisions of the second section the
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, after the negotiation is completed and
ratified, is to cause the reservation to be sur-
veyed into tracts of one hundred and sixty
acres each, and, after giving notice for three
months in two papers in the State hawing the
largest circulation, to cause the same to be^
sold at auction, in tracts of not more thi
three hundred and twenty acres, to the highest
and best bidder therefor.
The bill had been reported .from the /Uom-
mittee on Indian Affairs with amendments,
the first of which was to insera after me word
" appropriated " in line elevenVf section one
the words "or so much thereof .as may be
necessary, and the agent of the UVatilla reser-
vation in Oregon and the agent of the Yakama
reservation in Washington Territory are hereby
appointed to act with one commissioner, to be
appointed by the President, for such negotia-
tions."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"therefor" in line nine of section two to
insert:
Provided, Said lands shall not bo sold for less than
$1 25 per acre.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of
that provision which limits the cost of the
negotiation, &c., to the proceeds of the land.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That all expenses incurred and all pay-
ments made or promised to said Indians ill acquiring
their said right or claim shall not exceed the prob-
able proceeds of the sale of said reservations as here-
inafter provided.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly would object
to a bill so indefinite as that. The cost of this
transfer of these Indians from this reservation
in Oregon to another portion of the country
is unlimited substantially. The commissioners,
or whoever may make the treaty, are to esti-
mate the probable value of this land, and that
is the only limit. I do not know the extent
of the reservation or the number of Indians
upon it, or any facts that would justify me in
proposing a limit; but it is usual always to
appropriate a fixed sum of money to pay the
expense of negotiating a treaty with Indians
for the sale of their lands and their transfer
from one section of country to another. But
this gives them the whole value of the land,
and the only limit is the estimated amount
of money which will probably be received from
the land, not the actual proceeds of the land.
I must object to a bill of that. kind. It should
be more definite.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to hear the first
section of the bill read that authorizes the
appointment of a commission.
The Chief Clerk read the first section of the
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. -I now desire to inquire
whether it was the purpose of the committee
in framing this bill to place the power in the
hands of the Secretary of the Interior and the
other officers named to make a final disposition
of this land, or whether the phraseology " nego-
tiate' ' means the negotiation of a treaty which
will come before the Senate for ratification?
Mr. CORBETT. Thedesign of the bill, and
it so provides, is that when this negotiation shall
have been made and ratified the arrangement
shall go into operation.
Mr. CONNliSS. Ratified by whom?
- Mr. CORBETT. Ratified by the Senate.
If not, it will not go into operation ; $2,000 is
appropriated to defray the expenses of this
commission in making the negotiation. It is
provided, also, that the expense of the removal
to this other reservation shall not exceed the
probable amount of receipts from the lands
which we propose to negotiate for and on which
the Indians are now situated. It is proposed
to sell these lands at auction, provided they
shall not be sold for less than $1 2o per acre,
and the commission is to take into considera-
tion in removing these Indians whether the
expense of it will cost more than the probable
receipts from tlie sale of the lands. I will state
to the Senate that.this reservation lies in the
direct line of travel from California and Oregon
to Idaho and.the mining region, and the miners
passing through the reservation create some
little trouble with tho Indians, and it is liable
ify bring on a war. It'is the desire of the ped-
dle that the Indians should be removed, and I
suppose the Indians are willing to remove pro-
vided a satisfactory arrangement can be made
with them. If such an arrangement can be
ma(le, the treaty will be ratified by the Senate if
they consider it a satisfactory treaty; otherwise
it would be rejected and would be of no effect,
and the only result would be the expenditure
of $2,000 for this negotiation. It is the desire
of the people of Oregon to have these Indians
removed from the reservation to avoid trouble
for the future, which might cost hundreds of
thousands of dollars if we should be involved
in a war by the miners passing through this
country. There is a road directly through thin
Indian reservation as now situated. It is pro-
posed to remove them entirely from that route
where the miners pass, away from the tempta-
tion and the trouble that may be involved by this
travel.
Mr. SHERMAN. How large is the reser-
vation ?
Mr. CORBETT. About twenty by twenty-
five miles. A portion of it is situated in a
valley, and a portion npon the Blue mountains.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator
whether any evidence has been taken in regard
to the desire of these Indians to remove.
Mr. CORBETT. I was upon the reserva-
tion myself, and consulted with the agent there,
and it was his opinion that there had better be
such a negotiation made with the Indians and
to have them removed.
Mr. NYE. I did not know but that this
came within the rule we had just established,
that the President could remove by order.
[Laughter.] I have only one suggestion to
make in regard to this bill, and that is in re-
lation to the appointment of-this commission.
1 desire to enter my protest against authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to appoint
commissioners for every purpose. The Gov-
ernment already have officers on the spot who
can act as commissioners. The superintend-
ent of Indian affairs for the State of Oregon
is probably as good a man as can be found to
ascertain the wishes of the Indians, and it is
entirely within the purview of his official duties
to know all about this matter. That can be
done without the expenditure of $2,000; but
the rule is to send out some pet from here and
pay his expenses liberally to negotiate with
Indians that it is impossible he should know
anything about. These pet commissionersbips,
I think, we have had enough of.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that I am per-
sonally acquainted with the agent upon this
reservation and the one upon the Yakama
reservation; and I will make a motion to
amend, by inserting the superintendent of
Indian affairs for Oregon as the third com-
missioner.
Mr. NYE. Then strike out your appropri-
ation, for the matter is within his duties. It is
his duty to ascertain the wishes of the Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Ore-
gon is through, I desire to submit a motion
that the bill be recommitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Oregon
has submitted an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending the amendment
1 move to recommit the bill, and I will give my
reasons very briefly. This bill, if itexeites the
attention of the Senate sufficiently to enable
them to judge of it, contains several new fea-
tures. It has been usual in negotiating Indian
treaties to provide a small appropriation to
authorize a negotiation of a treaty. That is
the first step. When that treaty comes in it is
ratified or rejected as the case may be. This
bill contains several new features. It makes
an appropriation of $2,000 and all the proceeds
of this land. I am told the reservation is
twenty miles by twenty-five, or five hundred
square miles: so that the commissioners autnor-
ized by this bill would proceed to negotiate
upon the basis of paying the Indians the entire
cost of the land and §2,000 besides, and this
in anticipation of the confirmation of the treaty.
