1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It also makes a different mode of selling the
public lands from what is provided by law in
all other cases. It provides for a different mode
of sale, contains a limit, and cuts off all scrip,
warrants, and everything of that kind. Itdoes
seem to me that the Indian Committee have
not sufficiently considered this matter, and I
therefore move to recommit this bill to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. I believe that
motion takes precedence of any motion to
amend.
Mr. CORBETT. I think I made the motion
to amend previous to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. But a motion to recom-
mit precedes a motion to amend.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to state my
amendment before that question is put.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to strike out in
line fourteen, after the word "with," the words
"onecommissionerto be appointedby thePres-
ident for such negotiation," and to insert "the
superintendent of Indian affairs of Oregon."
I desire to state before the question 13 put that
it is not the fair interpretation of this bill, nor
the intention that they shall expend this amount
of money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
deems it his duty to state that this amendment
is not now strictly in order, itbeingan amend-
ment to an amendment which has been agreed
to; but it will be in order when the bill shall
be considered in the Senate. We are now
acting as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CORBETT. lam speaking in opposi-
tion to the commitment of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is in order.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state to the Chair
that it is not the intention to expend this en-
tire amount of money; but that in providing
new reservations in negotiating with the Indians
upon the Yakama reservation and the Warm
Spring reservation, which are the reservations
to which they will probably be removed, the
expense of negotiating shall not exceed the
piobable amount of money that this reserva-
tion will fetch when it is placed upon the
maiket and sold at auction; and if the lands
do not bring $1 25 per acre, they will be with-
drawn from the market.
Mr. WILLIAMS. _Mr. President, I think
the Senator from Ohio is somewhat mistaken
in saying that this bill is without any precedent,
for I prepared the bill and I drew it from acts
that I found on the statute-books, and partic-
ularly one in reference to the sale of a reser-
vation in the Territory of Utah. Although
this bill does not in every particular conform
to the provisions of that bill, yet in substance
it is like that and some other enactments upon
the subject.
This bill provides that a negotiation shall be
made with these Indians for the purpose of
purchasing this reservation. The reservation
belongs to the Indians. It is their property.
It is located in the midst of a thickly-settled
country. Every man who has any experience
on the subject knows that whatever treaty stip-
ulations there may be, when the whites and the
Indians are broughtin contact, as they are when
the Indians are located in the midst of a thickly-
settled country, disturbances ensue, and it is
desirable for the sake of the Indians and for the
sake of the country that they should be removed
if possible to some other localities.
The object of this bill is to provide, in the
first place, that negotiations may be made with
these Indians-for the purpose of purchasing
this reservation, and $2,000 are appropriated
for that purpose. That is to provide the ways
and means by which these commissioners may
assemble the Indians together in council and
attend the meetings of the Indians. Of course
it will be attended with some expense. This
inconsiderable amount, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is to defray those expenses.
•Then the bill provides that they may negotiate
for llie purchase of this reservation front these
Iird'ians and for their l'emoval, but they are not,;
to pay any more for the reservation, nor agree
to pay any more, than the probable proceeds
of the sale of the reservation; so that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall lose nothing
by this transaction. This land does not belong
to the Government of the United States at this
time. It belongs to these Indians; it is their
property; and the object of this bill is simply
to enable the United States, through commis-
sioners, to purchase this property from the
Indians and to obtain their consent to go upon
other reservations in the neighborhood in
Washington Territory and Oregon, and to do
that without subjecting the United States to
any expense more than the proceeds of the sale
of this reservation.
I do not know how the bill can be framed in
a more satisfactory manner. It does not ap-
propriate anything; it simply provides that
these commissioners shall not agree, when
they negotiate with these Indians, to pay more
than the probable proceeds of the sale of this
reservation ; not that they shall agree to pay
anything out of the Treasury of the United
States to these Indians for this reservation;
but if the Indians will consent to go upon other
reservations for the amount that these lands
will probably bring when exposed to sale, then
they are authorized to complete the negotia-
tions.
As to the mode in which it is proposed to sell
these lands, what other mode can be adopted?
There is no such thing as a preemption right
to these lands, because they belong to the In-
dians, and when the Indians are removed they
are exposed to public sale; competition is in-
vited from all quarters, and men go there and
bid for the lands, and they are allowed to bid
and pay as much as they please, not less than
$1 2o per acre. So that this mode of selling
the land is of more advantage to the Govern-
ment than any other mode of sale that has been
adopted. I believe this is the mode adopted
in reference to the sale of reservations for
military purposes. Time and again bills have
passed the Senate providing that where reser-
vations for military purposes are exposed to
sale they shall be sold in parcels of land at
public auction and bring as much as people
are disposed to pay for them; and so in refer-
ence to this reservation.
There is no reason that I can see why this
bill should be recommitted, why there should
be any particular objection to this negotiation.
It is of great consequence to the people of the
State of Oregon that this negotiation should
be made. This reservation lies right upon the
great thoroughfare between Oregon and Idaho
Territory. There is a public road through the
reservation, and hundreds of people are pass-
ing right through the heart of this reservation
all the time with their teams, and they are
brought into contact with the Indians, and dis-
turbances spring up, and the whole community
is kept in a state of commotion in consequence
of difficulties that grow out of the contact of
these teamsters, and transient persons and
other people, with the Indians. This is simply
a proposition to remove the Indians, if possi-
ble, to other reservations. If the negotiation
does not succeed, there will be no great loss
to anybody; but if it does succeed, it will be
of great benefit, in my judgment, to the coun-
try ; it will bring that valuable tract of land
into use for agricultural purposes; and it will
be a benefit to the Indians, because it will
remove them to the Simcoe reservation, the
Warm Spring reservation, or some other res-
ervation in the immediate neighborhood, I
suppose, on satisfactory terms, on which they
are willing to go.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope this measure
will be disposed of. I was waiting for a vote
on this motion to recommit it. I gave notice
on Monday that to-day I should endeavor to
call up the bill to recognize the State govern-
ment of Arkansas, which is an important mat-
ter; and, unless a vote can be taken at once,
I move that the bill under consideration be
postponed wittx a view to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives to recognize the State government
m Arkansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the vote will be
taken on jthe motion to recommit by common
consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw my motion
if we can take a vote at once on this.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make some
remarks on this bill if it is to be pressed now ;
but I have no objection to its recommitment, to
the committee, and if they, on reexamining
thepoints to which I call attention, findnothing
in them, I shall have no objection to the bill;
but I wish to secure that reexamination.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw my motion
with a view to take a vote on the motion to
recommit.
Mr._ SHERMAN. I do not wish to speak
upon it if the Senate will recommit the bill. I
only wish to have it examined again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to recommit the bill to
the committee that reported it.
The motion was agreed to.
secretary of the senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Besolved, That the resignation of Mr. Forney, as
Secretary of the Senate, is hereby acccpted, and Mr.
McDonald is authorized to act as Secretary ad interim.
until the choice of a successor.
I ask the action of the Senate upon it now.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
Mr. HARLAN. Does one objection carry 5
the resolution over? V
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to its considera-
tion.
Mr. NYE. I merely want to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if he could not use
some other word than " ad interim." [Laugh-
ter.] I do not like it-
Mr. SUMNER. It is applicable to this
case.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution goes over under
the rule.
army appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
058) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30,1869,
and for other purposes, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and has appointed Mr. J. G. Blaine of Maine,
Mr. J. A. Garfield of Ohio, and Mr. C. E.
Phelps of Maryland, managers at the same
on its part.
tiie alabama claims.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ilesohed, That the Secretary of .State be requested
to lay before the Senate, if not inconsistent with the
public interest, copies of all negotiations and cor-
respondence between the British Government and
the Government of the United States in relation to
what are commonly called the Alabama claims.
impeachment of president—privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1039, to admit the State of Arkansas
to representation in Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I wanted to arrest that sub-
ject. I got up and addressed myself to the
Chair before the vote was taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Sen-
ator addressed the Chair before 
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly I did.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not recognize him until after the announce-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I tiihve to take up the reso-
lution in relation to the privileges of the Senate
that I introduced a few days ago. I ask for
the reading of the resolution.
