1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareft^f:
interlocutory motions and questions of evi-
dence. it is very easy to see that this trial may
be so prolonged that it will be a refusal on the
part of the Senate, practically, to try it at all.
if you prolong the trial for a year or two, or
for such a length of time that the trial breaks
down, it is simply a refusal to try the case
at all.
This rule then simply admonishes counsel
that in making tho ordinary questions and
motions that are usually disposed of in courts
in a few minutes, tliey shall not exceed an
hour. That is a very long limit. Ilien, in
case an extraordinary question _ should arise
involving tho merits, and involving important
considerations, the court may enlarge the time.
That is following the analogies ot judicial pro-
ceedings. They never enlarge the time by
general rule until the point arises ; and I think
it i3 a rejection upon the majority ot the Sen-
ate to sav that ihey would not extend the time
in a case" where it was reasonable and proper
that the time should be extended.
Mr. HEN'DRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. IIENDRICKS. The Senator refers to
the ordinary practice in the courts. Will he
be good enough to tell the Senate in what
court—I mean court of trials ; I do not mean
courts of errors—the time is limited to counsel
for the argument of demurrers, or upon ques-
tions that arise in the course of the trial, either
by statute or by rule of court? Did he ever
practice in a court in his life in which there
was a rule of court or a statute limiting the
time which should be allowetLto him in dis-
cussing the question of the admissibility of
evidence?
Mr. STEWAIIT. Oh, yes; it has been
limited frequently.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By a rule of court?
Mr. STEWART. By a rule of court.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I never beard of such
a court in iny life.
Mr. STEWART. Frequently by a rule of
court. Then I think it is a very ordinary prac-
tice, and every lawyer who has practiced at all
will recognize it, that the court has the matter
directly under its control, and is constantly
admonishing counsel that they must dispose
of these matters quickly, holding it imme-
diately under the control ot the court. There
is not the same necessity where one judge pre-
sides. It is very common for a judge to inter-
fere and stop counsel and say he will hear no
further argument on the qnestion. Any nisi
prius judge who disposes of business with any
degree of dispatch exercises a kind of arbi-
trary rule over the couusel that would not be
exercised by a body as large as the Senate.
If in the trial of a case there was one man
presiding, and tins privilege was abused, he
could establish a rule at once and say, "Now,
I will only hear you so long a time on this
case." I hat frequently occurs where a single
judge is trying a case. If the time is unneces-
sarily occupied where a single judge is trying
a case, he can cut off the argument in various
ways, and it is very common in practice. It
is not so necessary there to put it in the court
rules, because the judge hearing the case will
either cut the counsel short and decide the
point, or admonish him that there has been
sufficient time already expended upon it. The
question of time is continually administered
by every good nixijirius judge, and sometimes
it is regarded as an arbitrary matter. But
wh«n you have a large body like the Senate,
if the time is improperly occupied, if men
argue foolish questions at great length, it
would be impossible for the Senate to stop
them, and the propriety of a general rule to
admonish them in those cases is very apparent
to everybody. The power could not be so
abused where there was a single judge. If the
Senator from Indiana was a judge, trying a
case, and the counsel, on some unimpor'ant |
point of law. commenced to occupy more than [
two hours, he would pay, ■•'•enllemen, this!
discussion must be brought to a close; tho i
court is tired of it." That is the most com-
mon thing in the world. In that way there is
an arbitrary power of the judge immediately
over the counsel as they progress. That is
very common in practice. But that power
cannot be exercised by the Senate. I think
one hour is a very liberal allowance for all
such questions; one hour on each side; two
hours occupied in discussing ordinary ques-
tions ot evidence. It a great question arises,
then it is suggested in the rule that the court
may extend the time; and I repeat, who
doubts that this Senate would extend the time
in all reasonable cases? I have more faith in
the majority of the Senate than to doubt that.
Mr. COLE. 1 do not rise for the purpose
of discussing the merits of the proposed amend-
ment, but to suggest a division of the question.
There are two amendments embodied in the
proposition of the Senator from New Jersey.
One is that the number of counsel shall be
limited 011 each side in the discussion of inter-
locutory questions to oue; and the other re-
lates to the time to be occupied in that discus-
sion. 1 should be willing to vote for the amend-
ment, so far as it goes, removing the restric-
tion upon the number of couusel that are to
argue the case 011 each side, but not for the
other amendment, which extends the time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question is suscep-
tible of division.
Mr. COLE. I hope, therefore, that tho
question may be taken separately in order that
we may vote upon these two propositions, for
they are distinct, one at a time.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I understand
there is 110 objection to that part of the amend-
ment which strikes out from the rule the re-
striction to one counsel, aud I suppose there
is no objection to that amendment to the rule
which provides that if the time be extended it
must be done by an order made before the
argument commences. So the only question
remaining is as to enlarging the time to two
hours 011 a side, instead of oue hour on a side.
It seems to me very clear from the debate that
there is a propriety in having some limitation,
and equally clear from the arguments and illus-
trations made and given that it ought to be two
hours on a motion, for instance, to quash this
proceeding or a motion to adjourn the proceed-
ing. It is giving one counsel one hour. A
serious argument can hardly be deliberately
made in less than one hour, and I really think
the amendment introduced that the time, if
extended, must be extended before the argu-
ment commences, saves more time than would
be expended by exteuding the time to two
hours on a side instead of one. Counsel would
not apply for an extension of the time if they
had two hours, or if they did apply, the exten-
sion of time would not be granted if they
had two hours, and the application must be
made before the argument commences. 1 think
that we ought to be liberal in reference to the
time that is afforded the prosecution and de-
fense fully to present this important case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
will be divided on the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from California. The Senator has a right
to call for a division of the question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to pro-
tract this debate, except to say that I think, in
arguing this rule, our mind3 are conliaed too
much to the case that will probably be before
us within a few days. Perhaps the rule is not
important in regard to that case; I do not
know. Intimations have been given in one
way or another of the nature of the charges
that are likely to be preferred, so that a lawyer
may judge to some extent of the probable held
that is to be occupied by evidence, and the
possibility of troublesome questions of evi-
dence arising. So far as we have observed
them, no questions are likely to arise on evi-
dence that will delay a trial.
But, sir, these are rules to govern the Sen-
ate, unless modified, in all cases that may arise
hereafter. They are intended as the perma-
nent rules of the body. Therefore, they should
rest upon a proper practice, not upon what is
convenient now, but what is a proper 1
for a court of impeachment for all cauagg '
whatever. ■ -
, I was very sorry that the Senator from 111;'
nois, in Speaking upon this question,, should
refer to political parties in that connection.
I do not intend myself to hive in my eye fbfV'
single moment a party distinction. ;I hope
never in any case, whatever, to come before
us, judicial in its nature, to consider ft in any
possible political light.
The Senator from Nevada thinks that
hour is long enough for any preliminary qrfes-
tion whatever; but he does not do justice to
other gentlemen. The House will unquestion-
ably be represented here by able men, &nd
unquestionably the defendant will also be rep-
resented by able men ; but the Senator taust
reflect that all able men are not so gifted as
to possess the faculty of concentrating their
thoughts in a few words, as he can do. It is
the misfortune of many very able men who
have a clear conception of a subject that they
are not able to put their thoughts iu as few
words as we all know the Senator from Nevada
is so able to do. Therefore, he does not cfo
justice to the gentlemen who will probably
appear before us in his requirement that they
shall come within a rule which is so convenient
to him. -,ui, ,
Mr. STEWART. The Senator seeks fo'fe-
duce us to change the rule, so that the discus-
sion on the preliminary question may occupy
more time. 1 said that on all ordinary ques-
tions the time mentioned in the rule was ample
and very long, and that if an exceptional case
arose we could trust to a majority of the Sen-
ate to extend the time. As to the remark that
I can express my ideas in a shorter time than
is occupied by some other gentlemen, perhaps
I do not know as well as others how to spread
out my ideas so thin as they do theirs. Per-
haps, if they would compress them more atid
get through with them sooner, it would be better.
1 do not feel myself able to extend myself
through so large a space as do some others. *
Mr. HENDRICKS. With some it is a diffi-
culty of the organization of their mind, arid
with others a difficulty of education who thus
spread it out, and the fact that the Senator
never does that should not make him so rigid
in the requirements he makes of others.
Mr. President, the Senator says that in the
courts in which he has practiced upon pre-
liminary questions limitations are imposed
upon counsel. I never practiced in such a
court.^ I never heard of any court of trial in
my life where there was time fixed by rule of
court or by statute to counsel. '*
Mr. STEWART. Did the Senator'ever
practice in a court where the judge did not
regulate this matter of time that counsel
should occupy in discussing evidence, the pre-
liminary questions, and ordinarily confined
them to a few minutes, either by general rule
or by direct action, when the question was
raised ? '
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think I have occa-
sionally heard judges say to attorneys, "this
argument must close in an hour or two hours"
upon a particular case. A case may arise upon
demurrer where the court can see upon the
record just what the question involved in that
demurrer is, and he can say to counsel, " this
demurrer upon this particular question cari Be
discussed inanhour;" butwheu we get alorigj;
further into a trial, and come to the trial qt
questions of evidence raised, can the court say
in advance that that question ought to be dis-
cussed in an hour or in halfauhour? Does
not the Senator know that oftentimes a case,
with all"$f its importance and fortunes, tarns
upon the decision of a question of e^denee ?
I certainly do. ' , ■ *'
Certainly, you make your doubtful struggle
there oftentimes in court. It is no satisfactory
answer for the Senator to say that judges are
all the time saying to counsel, " you must dis-
cuss this case briefly." I do not let judges say
that to me often. I say to a judge, " it is your
business to hear what I have to say for my
