2598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Whereas it is represented that some persons have
been and are A gagcd in. violating the rights and
privileges ol the Senate by the use of threats, intim-
idation^ and other uulawl'u.1 and improper means
toward its mombers to'constrain them in their con-
sideration,action, and judgment in thcmatterot the
articles of impeachment against tho President of the
United States now pending before the Senate as a
coart.pf impeachment: Therefore,
lie it resolved, That a committeo of three, to bo
appointed by tbe Chair, do proceed to inquire into
the facts of such imputed threats, intimidation, and
other unlawful means aforesaid, and the names of
the persons, if any, using, or that have used, them ;
aud thatsaid committee have power to send lor per-
sons and papers, to take evidence, employ a stenog-
rapher, and report the tacts to the Senate.
The PX1ESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution just read
for consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered j and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 14 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole, Davis,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Feriy, Eessenden, l1,owlcr, Fre-
linghuysen, IlendtMson, Howe, Johnson, McCreery,
Morgan, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross. Sher-
man, Spiague, Trumbull, Viekers, and H illey—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Conness, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Drake, liarlan, Howard, Pomoroy, Ramsey,
Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Wade, and Williams—14.
, ABSENT—Messrs. liayard, Cattell, Chandler,
/Conklin?, Dixon, Grimes, Hendricks, Mornll of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Saulsbury,Thayer, Van Winkle,
Wilson, and Yates—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PKES1DENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending to the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment and
resolution both be read.
Mr. D AVi S. Before the amendment is read
I ask to modify the resolution. The amend-
ment offered is an additional resolution.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can modify his original proposition.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution, as pro-
posed to he modified, reads avs follows:
Ke$oli>bd, That a committee of three be appointed
to inquire into and report the facts in relation to any
threats, intimidation, or other improper influences
thatwere used or offered to be used, directly or indi-
rectly, to control or influence the consideration or
decision of the Senate, or any Senator, in the matter
of the impeachment of the President of the United
States, lately pending before the Senate as a court
of impeachment. Also, to inquire into and report the
facts in relation to anyovertureor offer of an improper
character to any person bvorin thonameof any Sen-
ator in connection with said impeachment trial, and
the names of any persons connected with said trans-
actions. or any ol them. Said committee to have
power to send ior persons and papers, to summon wit-
nesses, to take their evidence, and employ a stenog-
rapher, and to report as early as practicable.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the last clause
of the resolution be read again, beginning with
the words 4*also to inquire."
The Chief Clerk read the last clause of the
resolution.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The purport of that
seems to be, and I inquire of the honorable
Senator whether the intention is, to limit the
investigation to overtures made by a Senator
or by some person professing to act for a Sen-
ator.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make an explanation.
The second branch of tho resolution proposes
it in both forms, whether an overture was made
by any Senator or if and in his name, and the
names of the persons who made the overture
or offer in the name of the Senator.
Mr. C0NKLING. Then X inquire of the
honorable Senator, if he will allow me, whether
the olher part of the resolution extends the in-
quiry to similar overtures made by some person
oilier than a Senator, or some person not pro-
fessing to act in the name of a Senator?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that it does.
I have no objection to it in that form and in
the amplest form in which it can be put. My
object is to probe the whole subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the resolution again.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the
honorable Senator from Maryland I will make
one statement. In making this proposition I
have no reference to any Senator whatever.
- On the contrary, when I saw published in the
papers and heard in conversation implications
of a certain Senator, I then avowed my utter
disbelief that he was at all complicated in the
matter. I am still firmly of that opinion ; but
1 desire to have tho matter thorough iy explored
and every man who is criminal exposed—I
care not who he is—whether a Senator, a cor-
respondent, or anybody else. My object is to
make an inquisition into the purity oi'the Sen-
ate, and in relation toevery approach that was
made to any Senator during the progress of
this trial, come from what quarter it may.
I will make another remark in reference to
a suggestion that was made by the honorable
Senator from Maine [Mr. Mouriu,] a few days
ago. He expressed his doubt whether there
were any grounds upon which to introduce this
resolution, whether there were any threats.
It seems strange to me, when the Senator
made that declaration, that he did not remem-
ber the declaration made by his colleague to
tho Senate some days ago. That Senator said
that he was receiving many letters upon the
subject of the trial, many of them of a threat-
ening character, some of them threatening his
assassination, and that one of those letters
threatening assassination was either written or
indorsed in the Senate. I did not understand
him particularly upon that point. [Mr. Fes-
senbbn shook his head.] If 1 did not under-
stand the Senator, I will ask him for an explan-
ation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I made no allusion,
and intended to make none, to any Senator
whatever.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had heard of a re-
mark made in the Senate by an outside person
that was something of the same character,
and it struck me rather as au indorsement of
the idea. I did not state what it was, and 1 did
not state who the individual was ; and I should
not care to state, because it might have been
and probably was a hasty remark made in
passion by somebody who might not have in-
tended to convey the impression that the remark
might naturally have conveyed in time of ex-
citement to anybody's mind. It was not a
Senator, but some person outside.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the honorable
Senator from Maine substantially now as I did
previously. Indeed, I understood him to dis-
claim expressly on that occasion that there was
any indorsement of any such threat by a Sen-
ator; but 1 understand the-Senator to state
distinctly that it was made in tho Senate, and
my inference was that it had been made by an
officer ofthe Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. That, I admit, was a mere
inference, and I am gratified that I was mis-
taken in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A person not con-
nected with the Senate in any way.
Mr. DAVIS. But that there have been
threats, intimidation, and improper influences
attempted upon various Senators in connection
with the trial, I have no doubt under the sun.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the hon-
orable Senator allow me to say one word ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator cer-
tainly misunderstood me. I did not rise on the
former occasion to say that there had been no
threats, but rather to call upon the Senator
from Kentucky to state the grounds upon which
he offered his resolution, whether he had in-
formation which authorized him to offer such
a resolution. That was my proposition, and
I think I said in the same connection that there
had been threats, doubtless. 1 had received
them myself, but they were idle; they did not
disturb me. I did not suppose that I was
going to be assassinated. 1 had no belief of
it, and they did not amount even to intimida-
tion. They were anonymous in all cases so
far as I am concerned, and I passed them by
as utterly worthless, not worth a moment's con-
sideration or attention. And that was the man-
ner in which I was disposed, with all respect,
of course, to treat tbe Senator's proposition—
as not worth the consideration of the Senate,
unless somebody somewhere knows something
more than has cojne to my knowledge. It was
in that sense that I called upon the honorable
Senator from Kentucky to state whether the
threats to which he referred were of this trivial
character as I regarded those which I had re-
ceived myself, as other gentlemen had, or
whether he knew of something so grave atid
menacing and really threatening as should
justify the Senate in an investigation into it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLINGr. If the Senator will allow
me, I wish he would either strike out those
words confining the inquiry to what has been
done in the name of a Senator, or else add
" any other person," so as to remove that re-
striction.
Mr. DAVIS. I will insert the words "or
other person" in the proper place. I desire
to make one single remark in connection with
the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Maine. I have received some -letters, as the
honorable Senator himself has received them.
I have regarded them precisely as he does, and
I want no inquiry in relation to my affairs—■
none whatever. But, at the same tune, 1 know
not of my own personal knowledge, but upon
the most creditable information, that Senators
were approached and were threatened and
intimidated, face to face, and I want to get at
that sort of influence and invasion ofthe piiv-
ileges and rights ofthe Senate.
I desire, sir, that the purity and independ-
ence ofthe Senate shall be vindicated. With
that view, I have asked simply for a commit-
tee to inquire into and report all the facts to
the Senate, and, when the facts are laid be-
fore the Senate, that the Senate shall take
what course it may please in relation to the
matter. That is its right and its privilege, and
the right and privilege of nobody else.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution as modi-
fied by the mover.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish it may be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ilfaolmd, That a, committee of throe be appointed
to inquire into and report the facts m relation to any
threats, intimidation, or other improper inifuences
that were used or offered to bo used, directly or indi-
rectly, to control or influence the consideration or
decision of the Senuto or any Senator m the matter
ofthe impeachment of tho President of the United
States lately pending before the Senate as a court of
impeachment. Also, to inquire into and report tho
facts in relation to any overture or offer of uu im-
proper character to any person by or in tho name of
any Senator or other person in connection with said
impeachment trial, and the names of any persons con-
nected with said transactions or any of them, fcmid
committee to have power to send for persons aud
papers, to summon witnesses, to take their evidence,
and employ a stenographer, and to report as early
as practicable
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend so as
to have the committee appointed by the Chair.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest a further amend-
ment, that the committee consist of five instead
of three.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that.
I accept that suggestion.
The PRESlI)ENT_pro tempore. The modi-
fication suggested by the Senator from Indiana
is agreed to by the mover of the resolution.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, since the vote
taken in this Chamber on the 16th instant,
which resulted in the acquittal of the Presi-
dent of the charge of a high misdemeanor in
office, set out in the eleventh article of im-
peachment,, the whole country has been filled
with rumors of bribery and corruption on the
part of members of this body. Were these
rumors confined to street or bar-room gossip
they might not be worthy the notice of the
Senate; but the House of Representatives has
deemed them of sufficient importance to predi-
cate official action on them, and siuce the date
of that vote the board of managers have been
in daily session, prosecuting investigations on
this subject.
These^ charges are calculated to afifeet the
honor of the Senate, and as they have received
from tbe House of Bepresentatives soeh m&rkefl
