190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
mentary jurisprudence of civilized nations, and
like the common law, it has emerged from
primeval errors, and adapted itself to an ad-
vanced civilization. The danger of imperiling
the safety of nations in measuring parliament-
ary law by the rule which defines wrongs to
individuals is infinitely greater than the evils
which can flow from recognizig the law of im-
peachment as a parliamentary system resting
upon its own solid foundations.
The rule which allows impeachments for
indictable acts enables the legislative depart-
ment or the Senate alone to declare trivial
offenses impeachable while the parliamentary
law limiting impeachable offenses to misde-
meanors affecting the nation is less latitudi-
narian and attended with less danger of abuse.
When impeachment is employed to remove
officers for willful violations of the Constitu-
tion or laws, for exercising the powers of
Congress or the Judiciary for performing acts
affecting the nation unauthorized by law, for
refusing to execute laws requiring that duty,
for a perversion of lawful powers to accom-
plish unconstitutional objects—these are—
" Offenses as tangible and as capable of being meas-
ured by fixed rales as any felony defined in the crim-
inal laws."—New York World.
And now I proceed to consider some of the
authorities.
Selden says: j
"Upon complaints and accusations of the Com-
mons the Lords may proceed in judgment against the
delinquent of what degree soever, and what nature
soever the offense be. For whore the Commons com- j
plain the Lords do not assume to themselves trial at
common law. Neither do the lords, at the trial of
a common impeachment by the commons, decedere
de Jure suo, (depart from their ovm law.) For the
Commons are there instead of a jury, and the par-
ties answer, and examination of witnesses are to
be in their presence, or they to have copics thereof;
and judgment is not to be given but upon their de-
mand, which is instead of a verdict, so the lords do
only judge not try the delinquent."—Sclden's Judi-
cature in Parliaments, London, 1681, page 6.
Judge Peck in the answer to his impeach-
ment, said:
"In the digested report of the committee of the
House of Commons, which follows the report of tho
arguments of the managers who conducted that im-
peachment, (against Warren Hastings,) it will be
seen, too, that in the estimation of that committee,
the proceedings of courtsof law furnish no rule what-
ever for the proceedings in an impeachment, the
latter being governed by no other law or custom than
the lex et consuetudo parliamenti, which left the
House at perfect liberty to pursue the great ends of
justice untrammeled by any other rules than those
which reason and public utility prescribe."—Peck's
Trial, 10; sec 2, Hale P. V., chapter 20. pace 150;
6, Howell's State Trials, 313, 316, 346, note; note to
Lord (kipeVs case* 4 Howell State 2Vtafo.l2,13; Case
of Earl of Danley, A, D. 1678; 11, H&well State
Trials, 650.
It is conceded that—
" Cases can" *   * * "be fouod where-
in parliament has exercised.this high power" *
* * m * ** and convicted persons upon charges
not indictable."—Minority Report Judiciary Commit-
tee, 68; 3 HoweW% State Trials, 844; 4 Howell, 13; 6
American Law Register, 648.
It is said this doctrine has been abandoned
in England. Cases decided in England since
the adoption of our Constitution cannot limit
the powers it confers. But no case can be
found in England which limits impeachment
to crimes indictable by common law or act of
Parliament. The power of impeachment for
offenses against the State has been distinctly
and continuously maintained. I proceed to
notice some of the cases relied on to contro-
vert this.
The case of the Earl of Clarendon sustains
the position I have maintained. On the 10th
July, 1668, the Earl of Bristol, without any
action of the Commons, presented to the House
of Lords "articles of high treason and other
misdemeanors" against the Lord Chancellor.
One was—
" That being in places of higli trust, ka„ he hath
traitorously and maliciously endeavored to alieoate
*5? heai-ts°f his majesty's subjects from him by words
of his own," * * * * "that his majesty
was inclined to popery, and had a design to alter the
religion established in this kingdom."
The statute 13, Charles II, chapter 1,
provides that if any person shall maliciously
affirm the king to be a heretic, a papist, or that
he endeavors to introduce popery every such
person shall be disabled to hold office, &c.
The Lords ordered the Chief Justice and
judges to—
" Consider whether the said charge hath been
brought in regularly and legally, and whether it may
be proceeded in, and how, whether there be any trea-
son in it or no."
The judges reported that they did not con-
sider the question whether the impeachment
could be proceeded in or not if it came from ,
the Commons, but as the statute of I Henry
IV, chapter fourteen, provides that "all ap-
peals of things within the realm shall be tried
and determined by the laws in the court," ar-
ticles of impeachment could not be preferred
" by the said earl or any private person," that
appeals meant " accusation by single persons."
The judges then say ; .
"That there was no tteason in the charge though
the matters in it are alleged to be traitorously ions.
Tho great charge" 4 * * * "wasthathe
did traitorously and maliciously to bring the king into
contempt, anil with an intent to alienate the people's
affections from liim say, &c." * * * *
" And in liko manner was most of the articles upon
which the character of treason seemed to be fixed. I
said that it is a transcendent misprision or offense to
endeavor tobringthekingintocontempt orto endea-
vor to alienate the people's affections from him, but
yet it was not treason."' * * * * "We
did not meddle with anything concerning accusing
him of misdemeanor."
And so the Lords resolved concurring in all
these opinions. (6 Howell's State Trials, 318,
340.)
The Commons afterward presented articles
of impeachment.
November 10, 1867, Sir R. Howard in dis-
cussing the heads of charges in the Commous
said:
"Though common law has its proper sphere it is
not in this place; we are in a higher sphere."
November 11. The Commons resolved to
impeach, and notified the Lords, and demanded
that Clarendon be sequestered from Paliament
and committed. (G Howell, 395.)
The Lords refused until the articles should
be presented ; and before the question was set-
tled Clarendon escaped to the Continent, and
the Statute 19, Charles II, chapter 10, of
December 12, banished him.
The Lords, therefore, decided nothing.
Among the articles agreed on in the House
were these:
IX. That he introduced an arbitrary gov-
ernment in his majesty's plantations, and hath
caused such as complained thereof before his
majesty and counsel to be long imprisoned for
so doing.
XI. That he advised and effected the sale of
Duukirk to the French king, being part of his
majesty's dominions, together with the ammu-
nition, artillery, and all sorts of stores there,
and for no greater value than the said ammu-
nition, artillery, and stores were worth.
XVII. That he was a principal author of the
fatal counsel of dividing the fleet about June,
1666.
The case of the Earl of Orrery proves noth-
ing as to the law.
November 25, 1669, a petition was presented
in the House of Commous charging the Earl
with—
" Raising moneys by his own authority upon his
majesty's subjects, derauding the king's subjects
of their estates. The money raised was for bribing
hungry courtiers to come to his ends, and if tho king
would not ho had fifty thousand swords to compel
them."
The Earl answered in person and denied
the charges. Then—
"The question being propounded, that a day be
appointed for tho accuscrs to produce witnesses to
make good the charge." * * * * "It was
negatived 121 to 118."
It was then resolved—
, "That the accusation against the Enrl of Orrery
be lett to be prosecuted at law."
It never was prosecuted. (6 Howell's State
Trials, 915.)
Sir Adam Blair was impeached in 1690 by
the Commons—
" For dispersing [distributing] a seditious and
treasonable paper printed and entitled 'A Declara-
tion of King James II."
On the question whether articles of impeach-
ment should be preferred, Mr. Hawles said :
" I do not think this to be a plain case of treason
by statute25 Edward III. I do say no court can judge
this offense to be treason; and that statute did plainly
not bind the superior court of P<irliament but tile inte-
rior only. The proper way is to judge this high
treason; and therefore I am for proceeding by im-
peachment."
And it was resolved to impeach of high
treason.
April 7, 1690, he was admitted to bail, and
at the next session of Parliament he was dis-
charged from bail.
Here was a case in which there was clearly no
treason under the statute, andyettheCommons
resolved that he should be impeached and so
far decided that he was guilty of an impeach-
able, though not an indictable crime, and
which they called treason; adopting the idea
prevailing at the time as to constructive trea-
son, but which might as well have been simply
called an impeachable misdemeanor. (12
Howell's State Trials, 1213.)
Thomas Earl of Macclesfield, Lord High
Chancellor of England, was tried in May 1725,
before the House of Lords on articles of im-
peachment charging that he—
" In the office of Chancellor did illegally and cor-
ruptly insist upon and take of divers persons great
sums of money in order to and before their admis-
sion into their offices of master in chancery," to which
he appointed them.
The answer was that the sums of money
received were presents—
"Reckoned among the ancient and known per-
quisites" * * * * "and never before
looked upon to be criminal"     * «
" that the giving or receiving a present on such occa-
sion is not criminal in itself, or by the common law of
the realm, and that there is not any act of Parlia-
ment whatsoever by which the same is made crimi-
nal or subject to any punishment or judgment."
Replication that ''the charge of high crimes
and misdemeanors is true."
In the argument it was insisted by the man-
agers that the acts complained of violated the
statutes of 5 and 6 Edward VI, chapter 16,
against selling offices, and violated the oath
prescribed by statute 12 Richard II. (Moor,
781, Stockwith & Worth.)
But as a question of parliamentary law it
was asserted and not controverted that acts
may be impeachable which are not indictable
by common law or act of Parliament.
Mr. Sergent Pengelly, May 21, 1725, said:
" Your lordships are now exercising a power of
judication reserved in the original frame of the
English constitution for the punishment of offenses
of a public nature which may affect tho nation, as
well in instances where the inferior courts have no
power topunish the crimes committed by the ordinary
rules of justice, as in cases within the jurisdiction of
the courts of Westminster Hall, where the person
offending is by his degree raised above the appre-
hension of danger from a prosecution carried on in
the more usual course of justice; and whose exalted
station requires the united accusation of all the com-
mons of Great Britain by their representatives in
Parliament.
"This high jurisdiction maybe exercised for the
preservation of the rights of the Lords and Commons
against the attempts of powerful evil ministers who
depend upon the favor of the Crowa; or it may be
put in execution for the ease arid relief of a good
prince whose honor has been betrayed by a corrupt
servant, and yet whose clemency makes him unwill-
ing to punish ; so that it becomes necessary for his
faithful Commons to take into their care the protec-
tion of such an offender.
" Former reigns have supplied your journals with
many examples of the first kind. The present reign
produces an instance of the latter sort, wherein the
Commons bring before your Lordships in judgment a
peer offending with the greatest ingratitude against
a most just and most merciful sovereign."—6 State
Ti-iate, (Hargrave,) 733.
And again it was said:—
"My lords, if tho misdemeanors of which the Earl
impeached Btands accused were not crimes by tho
ordxnary rules of law in inferior courts as they hav#
been made out to be, yet they would be offenses of a
public nature against the welfare of the subject and the
common good of the kingdom, compaittedby the high-
est officer of justice and attended with so great and
immediate loss to a multitude of sufferers, and as
such they would demand the exercise of the extraor-
dinary jurisdiction vested in your judication for the
public safety by virtue whereof your lordships can
inflict that degree and kind of punishment which no
other court can impose." Page 746 ; 6 State Trials,
(Hargrave; 477, London 1777. Same case, 16 How-
ell s rftate trials, 823; and see 4 Campbell's Lord
Chancellors, 536; 15 (sixth N. S.) Amerioan Law Reg-
ister, 266.
