3622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June BO,
there is a very wide difference of opinion
between the House of Representatives and the
executive department as now organized in
relation to the extent of the treaty-making
power and the jurisdiction of this House, going
upon the presumption, as I do, that the House
still adheres to the doctrine first declared in
1795, and which it has never yet surrendered
by any declaration or act. From the course
of the Executive in this case, it is clearly his
opinion, and that of his advisers, that Congress
has, in no case, any discretion in relation to
passing the laws neccssary to carry treaties into
effect. But that when a treaty is made by the
President and ratified by the Senate it is the
duty of this House thea to recognize it as the
supreme law of the land, and to pass all laws
necessary to carry it into effect, whatever may
be the nature or character of its stipulations and
regardless of the views of Congress as to its
expediency or its bearing upon the public good.
That the President has the power, with the con-
sent of the Senate, to purchase territory from
foreign Powers, to any extent, and annex such
territory to and make it a part of this Govern-
ment, and make all its inhabitants citizens of
the United States, and to appropriate for such
purpose such sums of money as he may see fit;
that, this may be done by secret treaty,without
any authority or consent from Congress, and
that after such treaty is consummated Con-
gress has no control whatever over the matter,
butmust, without question or hesitation, appro-
priate the money required, and pass all neces-
sary laws to carry the treaty into effect; and
there is no limit to the extent of this power—
it may extend to the purchase of the whole
continent, British America, Mexico, West
India Islands, and thus insure the destruction
of our Government.
Sir, as one of the Representatives of the
people upon this floor I here enter my earnest
and solemn protest against this monstrous
assumption—this fatal political heresy. If this
doctrine is to prevail, then, sir, this House is
but a useless appendage to the Government, and
for all practical puiposes might as well be
abolished. Can any gentleman upon this floor
go home to his constituents and tell them that
he h.is agreed to the surrender of his rights, his
power,and his dignity as a member ofthis House,
and the surrender of the constitutional rights
of the people through their Representatives
upon this floor, to be heard upon as important
questions as are involved "in the unlimited
extension of the jurisdiction ofour Government,
and the unlimited increase of our already crush-
ing debt? And yet, sir, this is just what the
President now demands at our hands, and I am
sorry to say is what will be the result of the
action recommended by the majority of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs; the passage of
this appropriation without any accompany-
ing declaration in relation to the unauthorized
acts of the Executive in connection therewith,
which will be in law and in fact a tacit admis-
sion of his right to exercise the powers he has
assumed in this case, and will thus form a pre-
cedent for the future.
I hold the true doctrine and the law in rela-
tion to the treaty-making power to be that which
the House declared in 1795. That while the
treaty-making power is vested in the President,
by and with theadviceandconsentoftheSenate,
and while the House has no agency in making
treaties, yet when a treaty contains stipulations
in relation to subjects which by the Constitu-
tion are submitted to Congress, the treaty must
depend for its execution upon laws to be passed
by Congress, and that in all such cases it is the
prerogative and the dutyof Congress to delib-
erate, to take into view all of the considera-
tions bearing upon the question, and to act
upon it according to their judgment of the
interests of the Government and the wishes of
the people, and either pass the necessary laws
and thus give the treaty vitality and effect, or
refuse to pass them, as in their opinion the
public good requires.
Take the case now before the House: the
President, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, made a treaty of purchase with Russia,
whereby that Power agreed to transfer to the
United States certain territory, in consideia-
tion of which territory the United States agrees
to pay Russia $7,200,000 in gold. This treaty
was ratified by both Powers and ratifications
exchanged. And Congress is now asked to
enact a law for the appropriation of the neces-
sary money and to carry the treaty into effect.
Now, if the doctrine 1 have referred to, and
to which I object, is correct, and if without any
legislation by Congress the treaty is effective,
clothed with vitality and the law of the land,
then no laws of Congress are necessary, and
the treaty itself is a sufficient law for the appro-
priation of the money. Sir, the application to
Congress for the passage of a law for the appro-
priation of the money and to carry the treaty
into effect is a clear and conclusive demonstra-
tion of the error and the unsoundness of the
doctrine claimed by those who regard this ne-
gotiation as perfected and binding without the
action of Congress.
The great error of those who deny the
necessity of congressional action in any case,
and the right of Congress to exercise its dis-
cretion in passing laws to carry treaties into
effect, is, in regarding the treaty-making power
as granted to the President, with the advice of
the Senate, as unlimited and absolute in its
character. In an absolute monarchy or an
empire, where the power of the ruler is un-
limited, the treaty-making power, wherever
vested, is unlimited ; but in a Government like
ours, where the powers of the Government are
limited and specified by a written constitution,
the treaty-making power is necessarily limited
by the provisions of such constitution. The
Constitution of the Republic defines and dele-
gates the powers of the Government, and
expressly provides that " the powers not dele-
gated to the United States by the Constitution
are reserved to the States or the people." In
such a Government the treaty-making power
cannot be absolute. How far and to what
subjects it extends depends upon the provisions
of the constitution. All we find in the Consti-
tution in relation to treaties is the provision
in article two, section two :
" The President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators concur."
And this further provision in article sixth :
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made or which shall bo made under
the authority of the United States, shall be tho su-
premo law of the land; and the judges in every
State shall be bound thereby, anything in the con-
stitution and laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."
The Constitution in delegating the powers of
Congress specifies the powers granted, while
in delegating the treaty-making power it uses
only general terms and makes no specifica-
tions. Will it be claimed that because the
power is given in this general language that
therefore the power is unlimited in its extent?
This cannot be claimed, for most assuredly it
must be admitted that the power is limited by
the Constitution at least to this extent, that no
law can be made by treaty contrary to the pro-
visions of the Constitution. For instance, a
treaty with a foreign nation, which provided
that any particular form of religion should be
established in this country and supported by
the Government, although made with all the
forms of law by the President, and ratified and
consented to by two thirds of the Senate, would
be void, because providing and stipulating for
that which is forbidden by the Constitution.
Again, the treaty-making power being dele-
gated in general terms, without any enumera-
tion, if certain powers are specifically granted
to another department of the Government,
then by a proper rule of construction they
would be denied to the treaty-making depart-
ment, for the simple and apparent reason that
in construing the Constitution all its parts must
be taken together, and if possible made to
harmonize. Among the powers granted to |
Congress is to establish a uniform rule of !
naturalization. Therefore, the treaty-making I
power could not, without the consent of Con-
gress, make a binding treaty stipulation that
the emigrants from any foreign country should
upon their arrival here be invested with full
rights of citizenship, or make any stipulation
by treaty in opposition to the laws of Congress
on the subject of naturalization. Another of
the powers granted to Congress is that ot rais-
ing and supporting armies, and standing armies
in time of peace being dangerous to the liber-
ties of the people the framers of the Constitu-
tion with great care and caution provided m
connection with this power that no appropria-
tion of money for the use of an army should
be made for more than two years, thus giving
the House of Representatives, or the Senate,
either of them, the power by refusing to agree
to an appropriation to put an end to the Army
establishment at the expiration of every term
of two years. This power thus delegated to
Congress was thus carefully guarded. Could
it be claimed that the President, with the
consent of the Senate, would have the power to
stipulate by treaty with England, for instance,
that the United States should maintain a stand-
ing army of one hundred thousand men for
the security of peace along the borders, and
that such stipulation would be binding on the
Government of the United States without the
consent of Congress? I think not, and only
because the Constitution has vested in Congress
this important power.
Again, and to come to the question directly
involved in the case now before the House,
the Constitution vests in Congress the control
over the Treasury of the nation, and provides
that no money shall be drawn therefrom but.
in consequence of appropriations made by law,
and makes the further unusual provision that
all bills for raising revenue shall originate in
the House of Representatives, a provision not
made as to any other class of laws. Evidently
it was the intention of the framers of that
instrument, careful as they were to guard well
the interests and rights of the people, to throw
around the Treasury as many guards as possi-
ble, and, therefore, they provided not only that
no money should be drawn from the Treasury
in consequence of a law passed through
both Houses of Congress, but that such law
must originate in the House of Representa-
tives, the most numerous body in the Govern-
ment, and more directly accountable to the
people than any other department of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, looking at these provisions of the
Constitution, what is the fair and reasonable
conclusion ? It seems to me there can be no
difference of opinion that the intention of the
framers of the Constitution was that no money
should be taken from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States but for some object which should
first receive the sanction of the judgment of the
people's Representatives in this House, and
ultimately the sanction of Congress. Now, sir,
it is claimed that it is the duty of this House to
pass a bill making this appropriation, and that
we have nothing to do with the merits or the
propriety of the appropriation ; and the case is
compared with that of the appropriation for the
payment of the salaries of officers, which sala-
ries are fixed by law, and yet which cannot be
paid without ail appropriation, and it is claimed
that this House has no more right to refuse an
appropriation in the one case than in the other.
I do not admit, sir, unconditionally that
the House has no right in any case where the
law provides for an expenditure to refuse an
appropriation for such expenditure. Where an
office is established by the Constitution, such
as the President or Supreme Court, I admit the
House would have no right to refuse the ap-
propriation that might be fixed by law for the
salary of such office, for the simple reason that
the Constitution, which is the highest law, by
establishing the office requires the payment of
the compensation, and expressly provides that
they shall receive their compensation. But
there may be cases where the House would be
justified in refusing to make appropriations for
the payment of salaries provided by law, aud
