1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3623
I have already referred to one wherte I think
the framers of the Constitution recognized the
right of either House so to do ; at least it is
difficult to imagine any other reason for the pro-
vision. I refer to the provision in relation to
the standing army, that 110 appropriation shall
be made for more than two years. It was evi-
dently the intention to give either House the
power by refusing to consent to an appropri-
ation to put an end to the Army establishment,
and this is the view taken of that clause by Mr.
Madison and other great statesmen of that day.
But aside from this, sir, the cases are not
analogous. In all cases where appropriations
are asked for salaries and for other purposes
provided by law the propriety and the neces-
sity of the appropriation have already previ-
ously been passed upon and assented to by
both Houses of Congress. The people's Rep-
resentatives have, in all such cases, given the
assent of their judgment that the public good
requires such appropriations. But in this case
there has been no provision whatever by law
of Congress for the appropriation required ;
the purpose for which it is to be made has
never received the assent of the people's Rep-
resentatives ; they have never decided that the
public good required it, or would be enhanced
by it, nor that the finances of the country are
in sucli condition as to justify it; and we are
told that we have no right now to take into
view any of these considerations, but, regardless
of' our own convictions as to the propriety of
the transaction, we must vote the amount of
money asked. To-morrow we may have notice
of some other treaty entered into by the treaty-
making power with some foreign Government
providing for some purpose or other an appro-
priation of a hundred millions, and 011 the
same principle we are bound to foot the bill
without question, and thus, by this doctrine,
the President and the Senate would have abso-
lute and unlimited control over the Treasury,
inasmuch as the amount of money which might
be expended by treaty is unlimited and the
objects and ways in which it might thus be
expended are also unlimited.
i Lrust, sir, that but few will be found upon
this floor willing to consent to a doctrine so
daugerous, willing to yield up the authority
and prerogatives of this House vested in it
by the Constitution of the country, and which
it has always heretofore persistently main-
tained. But there is another question involved
in this case in addition to that of the appro-
priation of the money, and one of equal import-
ance and interest; and that is, as to the power
of the President with the advice and consent
of the Senate and without the consent of Con-
gress, or of the people of the United States,
by treaty to extend the area of our Govern-
ment, and bring into its jurisdiction foreign
countries and foreign peoples. This power I
deny, I do not claim that the Constitution
has vested this power in Congress in express
terms. As I read that instrument it is silent on
the subject. Such poweris not by that instru-
ment given to any department of the Govern-
ment in express terms. I do not wish to be
understood as denying this power to the Gov-
ernment. By the laws of-nations all Govern-
ments have the right to add to their domain by
purchase and by conquest, and I suppose that
our Government has this right, by the laws of
nature, the same as the right of self-defense;
the right to do what is necessary for its own
existence.
Jefferson, I believe, placed the power to
purchase Louisiana upon the law of necessity,
of self-preservation. Many of our greatest
statesmen have placed it upon the clause in the
Constitution giving Congress the power to
admit new States into the Union. But from
whatever source the power is derived, I deny
that it belongs to or is vested in the treaty-
making department, but that it belongs strictly
to Congress. It may doubtless be properly
exercised through the agency of the treaty-
making department, which in such case acts
as the agent of Congress, yet it cannot prop-
erly be done without the authority and consent
of Congress, and ought not to be done with-
out that consent previously obtained, as in the
Louisiana and the Florida cases it was pre-
viously obtained.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman from
Iowa wish to be understood to assert that the
previous assent of Congress was obtained to
the acquisition of Louisiana before the treaty
was made?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. That is my under-
standing. An appropriation of $2,000,000 was
made before any step was taken by the Pre si-
dent. And yet, sir, while the treaty-making
department may thus act in the premises, Con-
gress has the power, without the cooperation
of the treaty-making department, to enter into
the necessary compact, and to consummate the
purchase, as was done in the case of the annex-
ation of Texas. Indeed, I apprehend that
strictly the term "treaty" as used in the Con-
stitution, where the power to make treaties is
given to the President, does not include trans-
actions or negotiations of the kind now under
consideration, but that as used there it is lim-
ited to questions inter alios-, that is, to ques-
tions between this Government and foreign
Powers, which require negotiation to adjust
and settle them, and that a single transaction
of bargain and sale would not come within its
scope. The deiinition of a treaty as given by
Vattel in his treatise on the laws of nations is
as follows:
" A treaty, in Latin feed us, is a compact made with
aviewtothc public welfare by the superior power,
either for perpetuity, or for a considerable time.
"The compacts, which have temporary mactersfor
thciv object, are called agreements, conventions, and
fictions. Xhey are accomplished by one single act
and not by repeated acts. These compacts arc per-
fected in their execution onco for all. Treaties re-
ceive a successive execution, whose duration equals
that of the treaty."
A single transaction, then, of bargain and
sale, which is not continuing, but is perfected
at once by its execution, does not come within
Vattel's definition of " treaty." The framers
of the Constitution I claim used the word in
that instrument in this same sense ; and this
view is strengthened and made apparent from
the fact that a clear distinction is taken in the
Constitution between, "treaties " and " agree-
ments and compacts." Section ten of article
one provides that no State shall enter into any
'• treaty," while further on in the same section
it provides that—■
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress,
enter into any agreement or compact with a foreign
Power."
If all agreements with foreign Powers are
treaties, then the treaty-making power is not
vested exclusively in the President, with the
advice of the Senate, for Congress may author-
ize States to enter into treaties. The only con-
clusion, then, is that while the power of making
treaties is vested exclusively in the President,
with the advice of the Senate, yet the term
is used in the sense Vattel uses it, as contra-
distinguished from simple agreements, con-
ventions, and compacts, which consist of a sin-
gle transaction accomplished by one single act,
such as a transaction of bargain and sale.
And this view of the Constitution has been
sanctioned by all departments of the Govern-
ment In the case of the compact between
this Government and the republic of Texas,
by which that republic ceded all its territory
to the United States and became annexed to
the United States, as I have before stated, the
treaty-making power took 110 part in the trans-
action ; it was done entirely by the legislative
department of the Government. The validity
of that transaction has never been questioned,
but has been sanctioned by sill departments^
the Government; whereas, if the compact with
the foreign republic of Texas, which was thus
entered into, was a treaty in the meaning ot
that term in the Constitution, then the whole
transaction was without authority of law ; for
if the negotiation was a treaty, in the sense of
the Constitution, the jurisdiction of the treaty-
making power was exclusive; if not a treaty,
then the treaty-making power had no jurisdic-
tion.
Applying the same principles to the case now
under consideration, which is entirely similar
in its character, and I claim that a just conclu-
sion is that this case does not come within the
jurisdiction of the treaty-making power, but is
entirely and properly a matter for the legisla-
tive department of the Government; and that,
while the negotiation for the purchase was car-
ried on by the treaty-making department, it
was clone without the authority of Congress
previously given, and the whole question as to
the propriety of the purchase is as fully open
for the consideration and the judgment of the
House and of Congress as if no treaty had
been entered into ; and it is our prerogative,
and not only that, but our duty, to examine
into the merits of the case, and to confirm or
reject the purchase as in our judgment the
public good requires.
But we are told that the emperor of Russia
has delivered possession of the territory pur-
chased, and that this Government has accepted
and taken possession of it, and that for that
reason we are estopped from refusing to carry
out the contract. I am at a loss to know upon
what principle of law this conclusion is arrived
at. So far as this Government is concerned,
I deny that there has been any legal or author-
ized taking possession of the territory. The
act of the President in assuming to take pos-
session was without authority of law, and wag
not the act of the Government, of which fact
the emperor was presumed to be cognizant.
I take it to be a well-settled principle of law
that the conductors of all Governments are
presumed to know the constitutions and pub-
lic laws of all other Governments. The em-
peror of Russia is therefore held to know the
provisions of the Constitution, the public laws
and proceedings of this Government, and with
this knowledge, if herelied uponan incomplete,
inchoate negotiation, one not yet consum-
mated, and which, by the Constitution and laws
of this Government, required the consent of
Congress before it could be carried into effect,
and, so relying, made a formal transfer and
delivery of the territory, he has placed himself
by his own imprudence in a position where he
would have no good cause of complaint if
Congress, in the exercise of its rightful dis-
cretion, should refuse to carry the treaty into
effect. In such case the Government of Rus-
sia could resume possession of the territory if
it desired to do so.
The President, acting without any authority
of law, it seems, directed a military officer to
take possession of the territory, which direc-
tion was complied with in form by such officer.
The Russian flag was withdrawn and the flag
of the United States substituted. The Presi-
dent might, with as much right and authority,
have directed military officers to take posses-
sion of Canada or the British possessions.
The act was as unauthorized as it was unne-
cessary, and deserving of the severest con-
demnation. And here I desire to direct the
attention of the House and the country to the
difference in the course of President Jefferson
in 1803, in connection with the purchase of
Louisiana, and the present Administration in
relation to the assumption and exercise of
doubtful powers. Although the Louisiana ter-
ritory, commanding as it did the mouth of the
Mississippi, and its acquisition regarded as a
pressing necessity, yet with a desire to keep
within the bounds of his constitutional powers,
Jefferson did not venture to enter into nego-
tiations for its purchase until authorized to do
so by Congress, and an appropriation was made
by Congress for that purpose.
In this Alaska ease the President, without
any notice to, or authority from Congress, 011
his own motion, entered into a treaty for the
purchase of a territory, for the acquisition of
which by this Government there was at least
no immediate or pressing necessity, a terri-
tory of but little value as compared with Louis-
iana. In the Louisiana case, after the treaty
was consummated and ratified by the Senate,
before attempting to take possession of ^ the
territory, Jefferson transmitted a copy ot the
treaty to Congress for the action of Congress,
