1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
40tii Cong.... 2  Sess.
Contested Election—Mr. Symes.
Ho. o® Beps.
But again, I am told that this man is to be
allowed to take the oatli and occupy the seat
here because it will not do to be so radical any
longer. Mr. Speaker, I should be very sorry
indeed to have my competitor or any other man
kept from his seat in this House by any con-
struction of law or facts which should be brought
about by radicalism. But, sir, if it is radical-
ism to give a plain remedial law of ourcountry
a fair and just construction, such as it would
receive in a court of justice, then I must hope
to be considered a Radical. On the other hand,
if it is conservatism to avoid the plain written
laws of our country by a policy construction
of them which excuses a man from the effect
of a law for the reason that he has already
violated them for two years, or that if he has
betrayed his country, liis friends, and his God
he was moved by the same impulse and insti-
gated by the same reason as Benedict Arnold
when he betrayed us in the Revolution or Judas
Iscariot when he betrayed the Saviour of Man-
kind—moneys. Ifthatbe conservatism, Heaven
save us from it!
Let me say further that I wish to see this law
construed upon the rules applicable to reme-
dial justice. It is a remedial law, and it should
be construed according to the rules peculiar to
remedial justice. The first question to be
considered is what the old law was, and then
what was the mischief to be remedied, and what
was the intent of the law itself which was to
remedy it. In the first place, we know what
the old law was. We know that any man could
walk into this Hall and take the oath as a mem-
ber piovided he was twenty-five years of age
and had been a citizen of the United States for
eight years and an inhabitant of the State for
which he was chosen, and no further questions
were asked.
We had then arrived at a time in the history
of our country when we were threatened with
a rebellion which endangered the very exist-
ence of our Government. And there was the
further reason, that we then had within those
States still under the control of the Govern-
ment greater enemies than those in open arms
against us; men, as I have said, who, like my
competitor, while by day they pretended to be
for the Government and the Constitution of
our country by night sent goods treacherously
to the enemy to assist in breaking it up.
It was in consideration of such men as those,
whom we could not watch continually, that
this law was enacted ; and it was intended by
the very spiritand letter of its language—"aid,
counsel, countenance, and encouragement"—
to apply to those men. Why should not the
language of that law be followed? Why was
it put in the law?
Now, let me call attention to the great con-
sideration relied upon by the defense in this
case. The strongest point in the majority
report, the strongest reason upon which it is
based, is the fact that my competitor has already
held a seat here for two years, and that it is
proved by witnesses that he is a great " consti-
tutional Union man."
Now, I will admit that had I been so fortu-
nate or unfortunate as to have lived in another
portion of this country; had T never personally
known my competitor ; had I never learned of
his course or his inclination except from the
speeches which he has made, I might have sup-
pbsed him to be one of the greatest and most
unflinching patriots in the world. If I did not
know his course I could go to his speeches
in 1862 and 1863 and find that which would
lead one to believe that instead of sending
supplies to the enemy, if upon his death-bed
he would be almost ready to call his friends
around him to catch his last words as in the
delirium of approaching dissolution he would
cast his eyes to Heaven, and cry out: " Oh !
wrap the Hag around me, for it is sweet to die
thus."
I ilo not so much wonder that the gentlemen
upon the Committee of Elections are so mis-
taken in regard to this man's position. But I
would call the attention of the House to a few
facts which have been proved before the com-
mittee, but which have been left out of this
report of the majority. I would like to call
their attention a little further to the evidence
of the confederate soldier, Campbell. He
stated that when he was in ^Tennessee as a
confederate soldier W. F. Ellithorp, the prom-
inent witness against the contestee in this ease,
was arrested and brought to the confederate
camp on the charge of sending information to
the Federals North. But when he came to
be tried he proved by the testimony of confed-
erate soldiers that he had been sending sup-
plies South to the confederate army, and that
he received them from a firm in Paducah, and
he was cleared upon that ground.
It is stated in the majority report that Judge
Trimble was absent from Paducah when these
acts were committed. Yet it is shown by the
very next witness who was produced—but his
evidence is left out of the majority report—that
Judge Trimble passed South in July of that
year to look after these supplies and the pay
for them.
The committee asked the witness how he
knew that Mr. Trimble was interested in these
goods that passed up the Tennessee river, and
he replied that Mr. Trimble told him he was a
member of the firm. I supposed that the evi-
dence taken by the committee in Kentucky and
the depositions would be suilicient. But I have
in my possession at the present time the affi-
davit of a man, whose name it is not proper to
mention, who gives the name of a mail, who
might have been brought here had he been
found in time, who would swear that gunpowder
was sent to the rebel General Forrest and
received by him from Trimble & Co., of Pa-
ducah.
But it would be out of place here to dwell
upon the difficulty which I experienced in
endeavoring to procure testimony in this case.
I propose to dwell a little upon the facts as they
are proved here, and to rely for my justification
upon the action taken by this House in July
last.
The affidavits proved and sworn to were
already before the committee when they came
to Kentucky. If I had had the time and oppor-
tunity, without having been compelled to bring
my witnesses before the notary by attachments,
I would have proved such a chain of circum-
stances, so many overt acts, that there would
have been no question whatever as regards this
Mr. Trimble. But the time has come, in the
judgment of some gentlemen in this Hall, when
the proof of overt acts of treason, when they
were committed by a man who talks about the
Constitution, yet who went to look after goods
he had sent to the enemy, who did not deny
that he was interested in those goods, is to be
excused because he did it for money.
And it is proved by another witness that the
goods went up the Tennessee river and were
never landed in Kentucky. Are all these acts
to be passed over as of no significance simply
upon the ground of policy? If I had not sup-
posed that the ruling of the committee and of
this House would be the same to-day that it
was last July I should not be here now urg-
ing this contest. I have felt justified in press-
ing this ease in response to the calls of my
constituents, because 1 was told in July last
that if the facts then stated as reasons against
the admission of Mr. Trimble could be proved
they would be sufficient ground for his exclu-
sion. I have expended much time and labor
in presenting this case to the House. The
Committee of Elections have ruled against
me. Some of my friends are concerned lest
the result in this case should ruin me in the
section from which I come, because, as they
think, the people of my district will conclude
that I have boon wrong in this contest because
I did not succeed. I have no fears upon this
point. If the majority of this House shall
agree with the majority of the committee in
holding that this man is entitled to the seat
because he has been here before no man will
submit with better grace than I will. And, sir,
I would remind those enemies of mine who
will be gratified at my failure in this contest—
I will remind those friends who are fearful that
this failure will ruin my prospects, profes-
sional and otherwise—that I am a young man;
that I am one of that band of private soldiers
who, in 1861, came here to defend this capital.
And. here I am reminded that my competitor,
in his extreme love for the flag of the nation
and the Constitution of the country, voted
against allowing to the small remnant of these
men an extra bounty of $100. This man, who
came here as a Representative upon the strength
of a canvass which lie conducted upon the sole
ground of opposition to the constitutional
amendment, voted solitary and alone, with no
copperhead on the north side of the river to
vote with him, against indorsing the few of
those men that were yet in the land of the
living, by giving them §100 additional bounty.
Another reason that I am told has operated
in favor of my competitor, and will cause men
to vote for his admission, is, that he is a very
harmless member of Congress for the kind,
and that whatever his sympathies may be
there is no danger of his originating any meas-
ure that will do any great harm; and as the
district is bound to send a Democrat he is the
least possible evil star of that kind. I admit
this is of more force than any other defense
offered.
I allude to these facts, not because tliey are
evidence, but because they are as good evidence
as many of the facts which have been proved
here by this man to show that he was not a
rebel sympathizer, but was a great "constitu-
tional Union" man.
And, sir, I would like to refer to another
vote which this man gave while holding a seat
in this House. I am not assuming that it is
evidence in the case; but it isof as much weight
as the evidence which has been introduced by
him to rebut the prima facie case made outby
me. Sir, right upon the heels of the rebellion,
when the last rebel gun had scarcely ceased to
resound in the land—when it was a grave ques-
tion with many leading financiers of Europe
and of our own country whether, after surviving
the greatest conflict of arms that any Govern-
ment was ever called upon to meet, we should
not be engulfed in financial ruin—my competitor
stood here again, solitary and alone, with no
Democrat to vot,p with him, and voted in favor
of repudiation. I simply mention this to rebut
the idea that his sympathies were with the
Union.
One witness who swore that he had always
considered Judge Trimble a rebel sympathizer
was asked by the judge, "Have you not
always considered me a national Democrat?"
The language of the witness in reply to this
was, " If Jim Buchanan, the traitor, and John
C. Breckinridge are national Democrats, judge,
you must be one." [Laughter.]
That, sir, is evidence in this case. It is not
a mere statement. And now, as I find my time
is drawing to a close, and as I find it will be of
no great use to continue tliis argument further,
I will only say that the object of my remarks
i has been to show this House I have conducted
! this contest for the people of my district on
| the same principle that 1 would conduct a law-
suit, and only ask that the law and facts would
| be applied in the same way. I wish to men-
! tion a few general facts in addition. I want to
! remark that it will be said and heralded by
i my Democratic friends and others in my dis-
i' triet that I have been their enemy, that I
j have been trying to get into this Hall to rep*
1 resent the people against their wishes. 1 ask
them whether it is not better to have men here
I, who can secure some local legislation for them
!i and for the good of this country than to have
ii one here wliosc industry and talent are used
