3624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
in its legislative capacity, suggested to Con-
gress that steps should be taken to take pos-
session of the territory, and awaited the action
of Congress. An act was passed authorizing
and empowering the President to take posses-
sion of the'territory, and in obedience to
such law of Congress the President afterward
formally took possession of the territory.
In this case President Johnson, immediately
upon the ratification of the treaty by the Sen-
ate, before any appropriation had been made
by Congress for the payment of the price stipu-
lated, before Congress had in any way had the
matter under consideration, dispatched a brig-
adier general of the Army, with a vessel and
a detachment of soldiers, with orders to take
possession of the territory, which orders were
formally obeyed. And now the llepresenta-
tives of the people in Congress are told that in
consequence of Such unauthorized act on the
part of the President they are deprived of any
discretion, and are under legal obligation to
appropriate the money and pass the laws to
carry the treaty into effect, and that if they
refuse so to do Russia will have good cause of
war.
Sir, if this doctrine is correct, what security
have we but that to-morrow, by virtue of some
secret treaty, negotiated and ratified in regular
form, without the knowledge of this House or
the people, some military officer may hoist our
flag over the halls of thoMontezumas and take
possession of Mexico, annex all that territory
to the United States, and transform its ignor-
ant and vicious population into citizens of this
Republic ?
1 insist that if such an addition is to be made
to our territory and our population that the
people of this Government should have some
voice in its consummation. It would seem
reasonable, sir, that this should be; and the
doctrine that would deprive them of this right
is certainly unwarranted by anything in the
Constitution or laws of the Republic. The
necessity of congressional action to give full
validity and effect to treaties of purchase and
to treaties which include in 'their stiDulations
subjects which by the Constitution are granted
to Congress has always been recognized from
the organization of the Government. It has
always been claimed by this House, has been
declared by^ the Supreme Court, and recog-
nized, I think, by every Executive except
Washington.
In the case of the treaty of 1795 with Great
Britain, which was a treaty of commerce,
amity, and navigation, the treaty was duly
ratified in October, 1795, and the President
promulgated the same and transmitted a copy
thereof to the House of Representatives on the
1st of March, 1790, for the information of Con-
gress. 8n the next day a resolution was offered
requesting the President to lay before the House
copies of the correspondence relative to the
treaty. This 'resolution raised tha question
whether Congress had any right in connection
with that treaty to deliberate upon the expedi-
ency or inexpediency of carrying the treaty
into effect, and to act thereon as, in their
opinion, the public good required. Those who
denied this power to Congress opposed the
resolution ; those who claimed it advocated
the resolution. A debate of great ability fol-
lowed, lasting three weeks, in which Mr. Mad-
ison and Mr. Gallatin took the lead in favor
of the power of Congress, when the resolution
was passed by a vote of 55 yeas to 06 nays.
To that resolution the President responded in
a message denying the power claimed by the
House, and declining to furnish the corre-
spondence and papers requested. That mes-
sage of the President was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, aud the following
resolution was offered:
_ "Iiexohed, That it being declared by thesecond sec-
tion of the second article of tho Constitution "that
the President tliaJl have power, by and with tho
advice of the Semite, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of tho Senate present concur,' tho House of
Representatives do not claim any agency lu making
tieafies; but that when a treaty stipulates regula-
tions pn any of ibe subjects submitted by the Con-
stitution to the power of Congress it must depend for
its execution as to such stipulations on a law or laws
to be passed by Congress. And it is the constitutional
right and duty of the House of Kepresonta.tives. in
all such ca=es, to deliberate on tho expediency or
inexpediency of carrying such treaty into effect, and
to determine and act thereon as in their judgment
may bo most conducive to the public good."
This resolution was advocated by Mr. Mad-
ison in a speech of great power, and was passed
by a vote of yeas 57, nays 35 ; and had all the
members voted the vote would have been 63
yeas to 36 nays.
Thus at an early day the House of Repre-
sentatives, by a decisive vote, settled the doc-
trine, so far as the House is concerned, settled
it directly and deliberately, and with a full real-
ization of the importance of the question. In
the course of the debate Mr. Livingston, who
was in favor of the resolution, remarked, "That
it was the most important question that had ever
been agUated within the walls of tho House."
After thus settling the doctrine for itself, the
House, on a resoluti on declaring that laws should
be passed to carry the treaty into effect, dis-
cussed the merits of the treaty for over two
weeks, James Madison, Albert Gallatin, and
John Livingston, and others of the most dis-
tinguished statesmen of the couutry opposing
the resolution to carry the treaty into effect;
and on the final vote the resolution was adopted
by but three majority, there being 51 yeas and
48 nays.
In 1803 the United States purchased from
France the territory of Louisiana. But in that
case the initiatory step was taken by Congress.
The matter was discussed in secret session, and
was referred to a committee which made a re-
pott in favor of the purchase of the territory,
stating, among other things in their report, that—
"In tho opinion of tliy committee tho possession
. of that territory was not only required l'or the con-
! venienee of tho United States,butwould be demanded
j by their most imperious necessities."
And recommended the adoption of a resolu-
! lion appropriating $2,000,000, to be applied,
under the discretion of the President, toward
the expenses of the negotiation for the pur-
chase of the territory, which resolution was
adopted and the money appropriated, and after-
ward, having thus the express sanction of Con-
gress, President Jefferson entered into nego-
tiations for tho purchase of the territory by
treaty, which was made and ratified by the
Senate; and on the 22d of October, 1803, the
President transmitted a copy of the treaty to
Congress, ''for the purpose (using his own
language) of the consideration of Congress in
its legislative capacity and after a discussion
upon the merits of the treaty the usual resolu-
tion was adapted by a vote of yeas 90, nays
25, declaring that provision should be made by
law for carrying the treaty into effect. Thus,
iu that casejJDoiigress not only authorized the
purchase m advance, but ratified and confirmed
it after it was negotiated. And, as I have
before stated, after this treaty was made and
ratified. President Jefferson declined to take
possession of the territory, awaiting the action
of Congress in their legislative capacity upon
the treaty. And after Congress had resolved
to carry the treaty into effect, and passed an
act authorizing thePiesidentto take possession
of the territory, and not until then, did Jeffer-
son presume to exercise that authority.
What a pity, sir, that Jefferson had not lived
to this day that he could have learned sotne-
thing of the Constitution of the country and of
the power of the President. In the caseof the
purchase of Florida from Spain the treaty was
concluded on the 22d of February, 1819, but
was not ratified until February, 1821.
The treaty was then communicated by the
President to Congress for the legislative con- j
sideration and action necessary to give iteffect. !
The President, in that case, did not assume to !
take possession of the territory until after the 1
assent of Congress had been given, but awaited
that action ; and on the 3d of March, 1821, an '
act was passed by Congress, as in the case of :j
Louisiana, authorizing and empowering the 'j
Piesident to tak« possession of the territory, li
and by virtue of such authority the President ■!
formally took possession of the territory. jj
The last instance to which I shall-refer is
the annexation of Texas in 1845. As I have
already stated, the treaty-making department
took no part in that negotiation whatever; it
was consummated by a joint resolution of Con-
gress, approved by the Executive. The ques-
tion of the power of Congress without the
intervention of the treaty-making department,
to enter into a compact with a foreign Govern-
ment, and to negotiate for the annexation of
foreign territory, was fully discussed in both
branches of Congress, and the joint resolution
was passed in the House by a vote of 132 yeas
to 76 nays, and in the Senate by a vote of 27
yeas to 25 nays. Thus we have in that case
not only the judgment of the House of Repre-
sentatives in accordance with its previous uni-
form action, but also the deliberate assent of
both of the departments constituting the treaty-
making power, the Senate and the President,
to the principle that Congress has the power,
without the intervention of the treaty-making
department, to enter into a compact with a
foreign Government for the acquisition and
annexation of territory.
I submit., sir, that this action of the Senate
and the House of Representatives in Congress
assembled, and of the Executive, settles the
doctrine which I claim to be correct, that a com-
pact with a foreign Government for tho pur-
chase of territory, and which includes no other
objects or stipulations, is not strictly a treaty
in the meaning of the term as it is used in the
Constitution, in article two, section two, where
the power to make treaties is given to the Presi-
dent, with the advice of the Senate, but that
it is a compact or agreement such as is men-
tioned in section ten, article one, where a State
is forbidden, without the consent of Congress,
from entering into an agreement or compact
with a foreign Power: and therefore not within
the jurisdiction exclusively, if to any extent,
of the treaty-making department.
The doctrine which 1 claim, has been settled,
so far as this House is concerned, by its own
action, and by the unvarying practice of the
Government, has received the assent of very
nearly all the great statesmen of the..country.
Jefferson, Clay, Calhoun, Randolph, Madison,
Gallatin, and Monroe ail held that opinion,
and advocated it on all occasions. Calhoun,
in his treatise on the Constitution and Govern-
ment of the United States, speaking of the
treaty-making power, says:
"But although the treaty-making power is ex-
clusivelyvested, and without enumeration or speci-
fication, iu the Government of the United States, it
is nevertheless subject to several important limita-
tions. It is, in the first place, strictly limited to
questions inter alios; that is, to questions between
; us and foreign Powers which require negotiation to
adjust them. AH such cleaily appertain to it. But
to extend tho power beyond those, bo tho pretext
what it may, would be to extend it beyond its a Hotted
sphere, and thus a, palpable violation of the Consti-
tution. It is, in the next place, limited by all the
provisions of the Constitution which inhibit certain
acts from being done by the Government or any of
its Departments; of_ which description there are
' ^ also limited by suc-h provisions of the
Constitution as direct certain acts to be done in a
particular way, and which prohibit the contraiy, of
which a staking example is to be found in that which
declares that 'no money shall he drawn from the
treasury but in consequence of appropriations to bo
made bj law.' This not only imposes an iiupoitant
restriction on tho power, but gives to Congress as
tho law-making power, and to the House of Repre-
sentatives as a portion of Congress, the right to with-
hold appropriations; and thereby an itnportantcon-
troi over the treaty-making power whenever money
is required to carry a treaty into effect: which is usu-
ally the case, especially those of much importance."
John Randolph said on this question :
^ here a treaty is made involving matters eon-
nded by tho Constitution to Congress, the Represent-
atives are as fieo as the President or the Senate were
to consider whether the national interests requires
or torbids their giving the forms and force of law to
the articles over which they have this ppwor."
And this was quoted and approved by Jef-
ferson in 1795. In a letter to Colonel Mon-
roe, in 1796, Mr. Jefferson used the following
language:
"Tho British treaty has at length been laid before
Congress. All America is on tiptoe to see what the
llouso of itepresentatives will decide on it. Mfoeon,
eeivo the constitutional doctrine to be Unit, though
the President and Senate have the general power of
making treaties, yot when they include in a treaty
