76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January-10,
Ho. op R:
BPS.
Contested Election—Mr. Symes.
40th Cong....2d Sbss.
for the simple purpose of voting "no" on every
question which may be brought up.
I believe that the day will again come when
the old State of Kentucky will send men here
such as were her Representatives in the days
of Clay and Crittenden, patriots to the whole
country. I do not believe that a State with
the. past record of Kentucky, with, the recol-
lection that when her people were united and
followed the teachings of such patriots, how
happy, how prosperous, how rich and great
she was compared with her condition since she
litis been adhering to the advice and following
the policy of such .sectional politicians as her
latter-day saints, who advise her to a course
that will only widen- the breach between her
people and also the General Government,
who ride into office on the prejudices of the
people, will long remain so. But I do think
that the home of the Clays, Crittcndens, Mar-
shall, Hardings, Godloes, and others as good
and great, will yet emerge from her disaffected
condition, from the mutations and changes
which revolutions always bring, and will shake
off those sectional politicians which now hang
like an incubus upon her, those natural tails
to a gieat civil war, and will again assume the
name of the patriot State, and send men to
these Halls who will not prate continually
about the prejudices of any section, North,
South. Hast, or West.
Mr. Speaker, I will say, so far as regards
this contest, it will be better for'hie, it will
undoubtedly be a good thing for mo person-
ally, hut it will weaken the Union party in my
district, for whose benefit I am working.
Jt is said there was no doubt of his loyalty
then. If there was, I am willing to give
him the benefit of that doubt. I am more
lenient than our illustrious President, who said
"whenever you hear a man prating about the
Constitution, spot him—he is a traitor." I
am willing to give him the benefit of the doubt
in lavor of his loyalty until the contrary is
shown, but when direct evidence shows the
contrary it should remove the doubt.
I am sorry, sir, I did not have an argument
prepared which I might have read before the
House, which would have been more consecu-
tive and presented my case in a better light.
But 1 do not make this argument with a view to
change the opinion of this House, although I
might il' I wished had a minority report to do
it. I only make it in justification of the course
1 have pursued and to show this House and
the people of my district I have answered their
demand, mode immediately after the election, to
come here and make this contest. In July X
was told if I could present the evidence I indi-
cated that my case would be proved, and I have
done so. If I were to take up the evidence to
analyze it as it should be my time would run
out. I only hope, in conclusion, that the time
will again come when we will not be controlled
by policy and expediency but by the rulings of
law. X hope the tune will again come when
justice will govern. I hope the time will come
when the remedial laws of our country will be
considered according to their meaning and not
accoiilitig to policy. Either let the laws be
carried out or repealed. It is a question of
policy whether or not this law, passed during
the war, ought not to be repealed ere long, but
should not be a question of policy about stuctly
enforcing until it is repealed. The only way
in which you will ever command respect in the
disaffected portions of our country at this time
is upon I he basis that every law must be strictly
construed and rigidly enforced.
Sir, I am sorry that I have taken up so much
time in preliminary remarks. 1 did not sup-
pose an hour was so short until I came to speak
bi't'ore the House. I have no time to dwell
upuii the evidence. I have no time to show
that the very evidence upon which the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. McCi.uiuJ,] who dis-
sents from the majority of the committee, relies
has been left out of the report of the majority.
I am sorry that I cannot have fifteen minutes
more to dwell upon that, and to show that
there is evidence in this ease which ought to
have sustained me; but I am satisfied it will
be objected to.
[Here the hammer fell, the hour having
expired.]
On motion of Mr. CHA.NLEK, by unani-
mous consent, the time of the contestant was
extended half an hour.
Mr. SYMES, (resuming.) Mr. Speaker, I
thank the House, and I am very happy to find
that there is a courtesy on the other side of this
House among the Democrats that lias not
existed on the other side of this contest. I am
happy to find that the day is again coming when
men can differ on political questions without
carrying their political differences into every
other circle, a thing which has proved such a
great curse to the State iri which I have the good
fortune to live. I trust the time is coming when
wo shall be able to discuss questions and pre-
sent them before a committee without personal
animosities. But I do not wish to occupy my
time with such matters. 1 wish to refer briefly
to some of the evidence in this case.
It is claimed by the majority of the commit-
tee in their report that it has not been proved
by "clear and satisfactory testimony " that this
man was connected with those acts of which I
charge him. Now, let me ask, was I bound to
do before the committee that which I should
have luid to do if 1 had been prosecuting him
for treason before a court of justice? Is it the
judgment of this House that it is not sufficient
to prove an act by one witness, corroborated by
several others, but that it must be made so clear
and distinct as to be beyond all doubt, and that
two witnesses must swear to an overt act of
treason, as is necessary in prosecuting a man for
his life before a court? If that is so, then I am
willing to admit that this evidence might have
been a little more corroborated.
I have proved that when Bolinger talked to
Trimble in Cincinnati and told him that these
acts were going on, and that $4,000 worth of
goods were being purchased and sent to the
South, Trimble told him as a friend not to say
anything about it, for he was interested in it
himself. Further than this, Duke swears be-
yond a doubt that he examined a a boatload of
goods at Paducah marked "R, T. & Co.," that
Trimble told him that he was a member of that
firm, and that the goods were allowed to go on
up the Tennessee river into the rebel lines.
This, mark you, was at a time when Judge
Trimble had procured from the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States a permit to ship
$G,000 worth of goods a month to Kentucky.
The proof shows that those goods were received
in Tennessee and distributed to the confederate
forces, and to preclude any rational doubt that
Judge Trimble knew that this was going on we
have evidence thathehimself went down within
the rebel lines and returned and reported that
the pay would he all right for those goods.
Then, to look a little further at one point I
have mentioned, the ex-confederate soldier,
William Campbell, swears that Judge Trimble
told him in 1861, before he entered the con-
federate army, that if he would enter that
army he should have his old position when he
returned. These are facts that cannot be
denied, for they are sworn to and not contra-
dicted.
I desire to state further, that the very morn-
ing my case was set for hearing before the
committee I discovered that General llurlbut
was in this city. I knew he was in command
in that district in 186^-0t!. He told me that he
had official information on record that this
contraband trade was then carried on there:
that he had quite a distinct recollection that a
train was captured near Union City on which
were goods marked as having pome from Trim-
ble & Co. I asked that that witness might be
examined, but they said the case must be
closed, and thoy would not allow him to come
before them and testify. I did not insist upon
it because I supposed the committee were
satisfied with the evidence they already had.
Now, it is stated in the majority report that
the principal facts are contradicted by wit-
nesses. Now, the great point upon which that
report is based, the point upon which I knew
it would be based when 1 heard the cross-
examination of the principal witnesses by the
chairman of the sub-committee that came to
Kentucky, is as to the intention with which
these acts were committed.
I investigated the law of treason. Then I
told the committee that if these facts did not
constitute treasou of such a character that it
did away with any question as to the intention
of the acts I would yield my ease.
Now, itis said that Judge Trimble could not
have been engaged at that time in this contra-
band trade, for the reason that he had made a
canvass as a great Union man just before that
time against Hon. Henry C. Burnett. One
of the witnesses swore that Mr. Trimble was
in favor of coercion. I asked that Mr. Trim-
ble might be sworn before the committee in
order that I might ask him the question whether
he had been a coereionist or not. When wo
were having the first joint discussion at Cadiz,
the home of Hon. Henry C. Burnett, as i
knew that the audience were almost all Dem-
ocratic, and that the worst charge in their view
that I could make against my opponent was
that ho was a coerciouist, I did make that
charge against him. He replied to that charge
ill words substantially like these :
" X said in 1301, when speaking from this stump in
opposition to jlv. Burnett, that i would not voto
men or money to subjugate the southern States; i
have said so over since, and X stick to that doctrine
now."
And yet this man is to be excused upon the
ground that he was for saving the Government.
These are the facts and circumstances against
this man. I could bring Union men by the
dozen who would testify that they believed that
Mr. Trimble carried on this contraband trade,
and 1 could bring Democrats by the hundred
who, if they were put on oath and would tes-
tify, would swear that they thought that Trim-
ble carried on this contraband trade. I have
never heard men speak of it there but what
they laughed about the fortune which Judge
Trimble had made at this business. Yet
men are brought before the committee by
the dozen to swear that they did not know
that Judge Trimble ever did these things. It
is just like the case of the Irishman who went
before alawyer to get him to defend him against
the charge of stealing a watch. " Why," said
the lawyer, "I understand there are two men
who will swear that they saw you steal the
watch." "Be aisy, now," replied the Irish-
man; "niver d'ye mind that at all; and can't
I bring a dozen who will swear that they did
not, see me stale it? "
Upon that principle this defense has been
conducted. Sir, an examination of the evi-
dence will show that the case against the con-
testee has been made out by clear and satisfac-
tory testimony. I do not say that it has been
made out exactly as it would have been if
Judge Trimble was to have been hung for
treason. I did not want to put it on that
ground. The case is very different. If you
show that a man in Kentucky has been guilty
ol these acts he is not going to be hanged for
it; it only helps him in rising to high position
in that State. I simply wanted to show the
truth by proper and sufficient evidence-, and
give lam the full benefit of it both ways.
Again, sir, I call the attention of the House
to the fact that 1 put upon the stand about one
dozen witnesses who all swore that they hacl
always considered Judge Trimble a rebel sym-
pathizer. It is shown, it is true, that for "the
purpose of getting these permits he pretended
to be a great constitutional Union man; but,
sir, it you will look at the evidence you will
see that according to the t-estimony of many
