192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
by the Legislature of the congressional amendment
of the Constitution of the United States as indis-
pensable to a successful restoration."
This is not all. lie wrote down from his
"executive office" to liis executive satrap in
Mississippi August 15,1805:
" I am gratified to see that you have organized
your convention without difficulty. If you could
extend the elective franchise to all persons of oolor
who can read the Constitution of the United States
in English and write their names, and to all colored
ineu who own real estate valued at not less than $250
and pay taxes thereon, 5 ou would completely disaun
the adversary and set an example the other States
will follow."
Shade of Moses! Is this the man who is
now filled with horror because Congress, in the
legitimate exercise of its constitutional author-
ity, adds to the classes above named the men
who had fought beneath the Union flag and
earned their right to the ballot, and those who
were our allies during the war and are now
willing to fight and be taxed to maintain the
Union. Ay, it is the same man who stands
self-condemned in the message 1 am now con-
sidering as guilty of "usurpation, the most
dangerous of political crimes.1' Again, the
message declares:
"These acts of Congress totally subvert and de-
stroy the form as wellasthesubstanceofrepublican
government in the ten States to which they apply."
The whole messageproceedsupon theassump-
tion that the rebel States are, and always have
been, in the Union, with all the rights, powers,
aud duties of States. If this doctrine be true
they have now, and always have had, the con-
tinuous right to representation in Congress;
and while these States were represented in the
confederacy and were raising money and men,
as States, to destroy the Government, they could
have kept their representatives here to aid their
allies upon this floor hi preventing the raising
of men and money to save it.
On these points I quote the President against
the author of this message. While the message
charges Congress with destroying the form as
well as the substance of republican government
in ten States, the President on the other hand
declares it was done by some one else, and not
by Congress. In the proclamations which he
issued to the ten rebel States "in obedience to
the high and solemn duties imposed on him by
the Constitution of the United States''—I quote
from the one addressed to North Carolina—he
said:
" Whereas the rebellion, which has been Waged in
the moct violent and revolting form, has in its revo-
lutionary progress deprived the people of the Slate
of North Carolina of all civil government, therefore
I, Andrew Johnson," .to.
Nothing here about Congress. It is the
"rebellion" which has destroyed the civil
governments in ten States, and made it neces-
sary for some p&wer to come to their aid for
reorganization. No one his pretended that
they were ever territorially out of the Union,
or that the people ceased to owe allegiance to
the United States, or to be liable to punish-
ment for crimes committed against its sov-
ereignty. I said Congress, by the exercise of
its legitimate powers, had regulated the right
of suffrage in the rebel States because they
occupied the position of States covered by
people without any civil government, and the
Constitution had made it the duty of Congress
to guaranty to each State so situated a repub-
lican form of government.
When these States entered the confederacy
they destroyed the old State governments
tinder which they had lived within the Union.
They made fealty to the Union treason to the
confederacy. They declared all who would
not swear fealty to the confederacy public
enemies. They confiscated their property
and drove them outside the rebel lines.
As refugees they came to the North by thou-
sands, stripped of their property and in destitu-
tion. They have now returned to the South,
and with the loyal men-they left behind, black
and white, are now reconstructing those States
iu the interests of freedom and not of slavery,
of loyal men and not of rebels, which may
account for the vindictiveness toward them.
The people of the rebel States did not go
into the rebellion as individuals in insurrec-
tion against the Government, volunteering
their services and contributing their individual
meaus, so that when the insurrection was put
down the Government would resume its right-
ful powers. They acted as organized States,
destroying the old State constitutions by chang-
ing them to the forms required by the confed-
erate government, and under them using the
great State powers of taxation and conscrip-
tion to raise men and money. And when, under
the lead of Grant, we crushed out the rebel
armies and the rebel State governments and
the confederate government, the people of the
ten rebel States were left without any civil
organizations. Now what was to be done in
this condition of affairs ? Turn to the Consti-
tution and see what that directs. Article four,
section four, says:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government,"
The question then arises, who are the United
States, for the performance of this duty and
all other legislative duties? Why, most plainly
a majority of Congress, with the approval of
the President, or a majority amounting to two
thirds of both Houses of Congress without the
sanction of the President. If there could be
any doubt about the matter it is settled by
article one, section eight of the Constitution,
which provides that—
" Congress shall have power to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of the
United States, or any department or officer thereof."
There stands the constitutional warrant for
the action of Congress in the matter of recon-
struction, clearly defined, and without the
shadow of a doubt. Believing the people the
source of all political power they have provided
that all the people who have not forfeited their
political rights by adding perjury to the crime
of treason shall have a voice in the creation
of the government under which they are to
live. In the liberality of their action they have
excluded only the "leading enemies of free
institutions;" following the advice of the
President when he said to Governor Morton
and the Indiana delegation :
" If a State is to be nursed until it gets strength it
must bo nursed by its friends, not smothered by its
enemies."
And again, when as military governor of
Tennessee—the only way and the only time he
ever had any right to govern a rebel State—he
said in a speech at Nashville:
" I say that the traitor has ceased to be a citizen,
and in joining the rebellion has become a public
enemy. He forfeited his right to vote with loyal
men when he renounced his citizenship, and sought
to destroy our Government. If there be but live
thousand men in the State of Tennessee loyal to
freedom, loyal to justice, these men should control
the work of organization and reformation entirely."
But now how changed ! This man has now
become the active aider of rebels; is using
the power and patronage of the Government
to prevent restoration, and to crush out the
men to whom he promised to be a Moses. It
is an abuse of language and' an insult to com-
mon sense to talk about these States during
the war as being within the Union and having
the rights of States under the Constitution.
Andrew Johnson did not believe it or act upon
it. Nobody believed it during the war, or at
the close of the war. The rebels themselves
did not believe it, and an honest rebel would
have scorned to claim such a right.
A stranger would suppose from reading the
message and hearing the speeches of those
who champion the rebel cause on this floor
that Congress had deliberately and wantonly
stripped the great mass of the whites of the
South of the privilege of the ballot to give
it to the freedman, when probably not fifty
thousand of all the rebels in all the South are
to-day deprived of the right of suffrage. The
census tables of 1860 show the whites in a
large majority in the States that went into the
rebellion, while in only two States, South
Carolina and Mississippi, are the blacks in a
majority. To show this I hare given the
table:
States.
Alabama.
Arkansas..
Florida.
Georgia 
Louisiana 
Mississippi 
North Carolina-
South Carolina..
Tennessee 
Texas 
Virginia 
White
population.
Colored popu-
lation, slave
and free, in-
cluding In-
dians.
526,271
436,930
324,143
111,307
77,747
62,i>77
591,550
456,730
357,450
850,546
353,901
437.404
629,'J42
462.6S0
291,300
412,408
820,722
283,079
420,891
183,324
1,047,299
539,049
5,447,222
3,660,110
Here is a white population exceeding the
black by 1,781,112, and after deducting every
disfranchised rebel will amount to a majority
of near a million and three quarters. And yet
when the surly rebels cling to the "lost cause"
and will not vote, the message talks about Con-
gress subjecting States to negro domination.
It is the fear of a Union majority and not of
negro supremacy that stirs the gall.
There is another matter which might or
might not mislead a stranger. It has seemed
strange to me that while 1 have been a member
of this House no measure favorable to Union
men and freedmen has failed to get the united
opposition of thiB side of the House, which
claims to be Democratic, while every measure
bearing against rebels is also sure to get their
.opposition. During the war there seemed to
be the same fatality, which made them oppose
all measures which sent dismay to the ranks
of the rebel army, and even their generals
seemed to be possessed with it to the extent
of even catching those who had escaped from
work on rebel fortifications and sending them
back, so the rebels would not get short of help.
They all seemed just as determined during
the war to keep the negroes in slavery as a
' commissary department to furnish feed for the
rebel army and cotton to send abroad for clothing
and ammunition as they now do to keep them
in ignorance, destitution, and servitude to
rebels, without the rights of citizens or a ballot
to protect them. If 1 am to make any mistake
in this matter I want to make it in favor of our
allies in the fight and not against them.
This message is full of the spirit of the rebel-
lion, wicked in its assumptions, and reckless in
its statements. With unblushing effrontery it
charges upon Congress acts of usurpation of
which the President is alone guilty. In its
own language he is guilty of "habitual viola-
tion of prescribed rules;" has "set at naught
the standard of civil duty;" "swung from the
moorings of conscience, and yields up to every
impulse of passion and interest." He plies
the arts of the demagogue with all the skill of
an old practitioner; but neither the sophisms
or effrontery of the message can save its in-
dorser, if not its author, from condemnation
in its own language as guilty of "usurpation,
the most dangerous of political crimes."
Nearly a column of the message is devoted
to proving that because the negro has been
doomed by slavery to ignorance he must not
be allowed the rights which belong to a state
of freedom. It ill becomes the man who was
himself born to ignorance and poverty to kick
down the ladder by which he advanced, and
add ingratitude to the crime of usurpation. By
law condemned to ignorance while in a state of
slavery, the negroes of the South have shown
as much aptitude for learning in a state of
freedom and have made more advancement in
education than the poor whites from whom
the President sprung. If they are so weak in
purpose and inferior in ability surely thirty
millions of the strong race need not fear four
millions of the weak. If they have capacity,
why not give them the opportunity to develop
it? It may be wrong to taunt men with a want
of that which God denied them, but I cannot
forget to remember with what mortification I
