1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2„
appear here in the defense. I know nothing
about that, whc they may be, what their char-
acter may be; whether they may undertake the
business in one way or the other, I know not.
I presume that propriety in all respects will
govern the conduct of the accusers and of the
accused. And now are we to say beforehand
that the person accused shall only have an hour
or even two hours.? I, sir, would rather it
should be left open ; but if any limit must be
had, it certainly ought to be extended as the
Senator from New Jersey has proposed. But
for us to suppose, as I was saying, that there
is to be a preconcerted attempt to delay the
action of this body, is to suppose that the
parties in interest are to do the very thing
which would work to their own injury, it
seems to me that the dignity of the Semite, as
well as other considerations, requires that we
should at least give the opportunity of being
heard for the period of two hours, and I my-
self would rather say that there should be no
limit whatever.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
country will get rather an extraordinary idea
of the character of this debate. It seems to
be understood on one side that there is an
attempt to limit discussion on the merits of
the question that is to come before the Sen-
ate. Certainly no fair interpretation of the
rules can convey any sucli idea. There is not
the slighest limitation at all upon the right of
debate on the great question ot impeachment—
none whatever. Two counsel on each side are
to be heard, and an unlimited debate—110 re-
straint whatever.
^Now, all the argument of my honorable
friend from Connecticut goes against any rules
at all. It would imply, on account of the sup-
posed respectability of the parties who may be
engaged in this trial, and the importance of
the question itself, that the Senate is to sit
here without any rules at all.
Mr. DIXON. On that subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why not upon
every other with the same propriety? Was
there ever a court held anywhere without rules
for its regulation and proceedings? Has not
the common experience of mankind found that
in all procedures of this kind it is absolutely
necessary for the ordinary dispatch that you
have rules, and that you make the rules in ad-
vance and not wait until the case arises and
then consider the rules ? If we cannot as a
court consider the rules with more dispatch
than we are considering these rules now, judge
ye how the case will proceed; because when a
question arises as to applying a rule, my hon-
orable friend from Connecticut will rise and
say " we do not need any rules ; no limitation;
the largest debate;" and there being no re-
straint upon us, there can be none put upon the
proceedings, and there is an end of any dis-
patch. The delays would bo endless, as any-
body can see, without rules. Rules, therefore,
are indispensable. It is said, however, that we
do not limit ourselves, and therefore wo ought
not to limit the court. We do limit ourselves.
There is a class of motions here under your
rules which are not allowed to be debated at
all. A Senator rises and makes a motion and
is not allowed even to advocate it; no argu-
ment either upon one side or the other is per-
mitted. Therefore it is not true that we pro- |
pose for the government of the court rules i
which do not apply in the Senate. |
But, Mr. President, let us look at the prop-
osition here a little in detail. The rule as now
proposed to be amended by the Senator from
New Jersey would allow two counsel on each
side to argue upon any and all possible motions
that might arise, important or unimportant.
If you could conceive that the parties would bo
disposed, barring their respectability, to go up
to the full limit of the rule, would 1101 the
honorable Senator from Connecticut say that
was an abuse? Of course it would be a very
great abuse. It will be seen that the rule con-
templates two classes of questions, defined in
this way : "All preliminary or interlocutory
questions that is one class; "and all mo-
tions " which may be argued by two counsel on
each side and for two full hours as now pro-
posed. I submit that is an abuse. I submit
that here is proposed a rule to that extent
which, as applicable to all motions, is an
abuse ; it contemplates an abuse, or, at any
rate, it provides a rule which admits of an
abuse. I am not clear that an hour even, ap-
plicable to any motion which a lawyer might
make in the case and to be argued by two
counsel, would not be an abuse; and hence
my suggestion to the honorable Senator from
New Jersey in the beginning, that if he pro-
vided for an extension of the rule by an ante-
cedent notice on questions which were import-
ant, such as preliminary questions, and that
class of preliminary questions which are im-
portant in their character, the rule would be
aluple. An hour on ordinary motions is a
very large time and might in a contingency
amount to an abuse if you could suppose that
lawyers would feel at liberty under this rule on
all possible questions to extend their speeches
to an hour, but I should not apprehend that.
I submit that the rule as improved by the
Senator from New Jorsey, that two counsel
on each side may speak, but not beyond an
hour unless they give notice of an intention to
do it, and get permission before they begin,
is a reasonable, and is not obnoxious to the
further time of being a restraint on reasonable
debate, because, while I presume that the coun-
sel who daily argue this cause and manage it on
one Sde and the other will be reasonable, I also
presume that the Senate will be reasonable,
and that if the character of the question pre-
sented by the counsel is important, and the
Senate see that it is proper that a longer time
than one hour should be given for its discus-
sion, it is reasonable, under the proposition of
the Senator from New Jersey the rule will be
enlarged. Therefore, sir, I hope that the Sen-
ate will take the rule as amended by the Sena-
tor from New Jersey, except as to the two
hours, and adopt it.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Maine
speaks as if it was my desire, and the desire
of others to prevent any rules being adopted
on this matter. The Senator, as well as every
Senator, knows that this question has nothing
to do with the existence or establishment of
rules. There must necessarily be some rules ;
nobody objects to that, llo also intimates that
if two hours' time is given upon interlocutory
questions, the whole time will be exhausted as
a matter of course.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; not upon
interlocutory questions, but upon all possible
motions.
Mr. DIXON. Well, on all motions, if two
hours is given, the whole time will bcexhausted.
That argument goes against allowing any mo-
tion to be made or a word to bo said, because
if counsel come in here, determined to make
delay, and have an hours' time to speak, they
have only to double their motions and double
their objections, and then they can exhaust
the same time that they could if they had two
hours. In fact, the whole thing proceeds upon
the idea of unfairness, some advantage being
taken upon the other side, which 1 respectfully
submit is unworthy the Senate. It is too early
to suppose any such thing. If I believed that
the effcct of giving two hours' time to discuss
an important question would be that every
motion would be discussed two hours I should
myself be opposed to it. I have 110 objection
to reasonable rules. I have said already that
I should prefer to leave this matter to the
honor of counsel and their sense of propriety,
and let them take just as long as they pleased,
knpwing that they never would talk against
time; but still, if there must be a limit, 1 would
leave them an oppoitunity to exhaust their
arguments on impoitaut questions.
More, Mi\ President, I wish to say this—
and I say it with all respect to the Senate—it
is necessary that we should not only do right,
and show a determination to do right in this
ease, but that we should appear to do it. The
very appearance, in a trial of this kind, of at-
tempting to limit the distinguished party who
is to be brought before us, I asure you, sir, will
have a bad effect upon the public mind. It
ought to have a bad effect upon the public
mind. Itis wrong in itself. It is unnecessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does not my
friend understand that the limitation applies
to both sides of this case?
Mr. DIXON. Of course it does j but I hare
heard no intimation that the honorable Sen-
ator's friends would exhaust time. Does the
Senator fear that they will protract this trial ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should lik«
to kpow by what authority the honorable Sen-
ator speaks of my '' friends'' in this matter.
Mr. DIXON. Political friends, I mean. I
would not intimate that he has any friends oa
this trial.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why allude to
anybody in that way ?
Mr-. DIXON. 1 allude to the distinguished
gentlemen who are in the majority in the House
of Representatives, and who may, without im-
propriety, be presumed to conduct this trial as
instructed by the House of Representatives
and as accusers. There is no- impropriety ia
saying that they are accusers. Now, if the Sen-
ator fears that they will protract the trial and
wishes to have them limited, I do not know
that I shall object to that. I do not under-
stand, however, that he has any fear on that
score. The fear, as I take it—we may as well
be frank on this subject—is that there will be
an attempt upon a certain side to talk against
time to protract this trial until, as the Senator
from Illinois says, the people shall be tired of
it and ask that it may be abandoned. That is
a wholly imaginary tear.
Mr. CONN ESS. _ If the honorable Senator
will permit me, I wish to say that by a parity
of reasoning from the course of his remark*
he himselt would occupy the position of a de-
fender or one who would not be willing to try
this cause fairly. I hope the Senator will not
continue that class of debate.
Mr. DIXON. If I have said a word that in-
dicates that L am in the position of a defendant,
or which shows in the slightest degree what my
views are even, I confess I am amenable to
the rebuke oi the Senate. It was not my in-
tention.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not intend what I
said as a rebuke to the Senator. I said that
by a parity of reasoning from his course of re-
marks the Senator necessarily would occupy
that position, and I rose to express the hope
that in the discussion of these preliminary
questions, as well as all other questions that
may arise pending the great trial we are to
have, we shall entirely avoid that view of the
case.
Mr. DIXON. I intend to avoid it; but, Mr.
1 resident, it would be an affectation for us to
deny that there are accusers here. For us to
take the ground that there is not a party to be
accuscd before this body would be, I think, an
affection ot purism which the Senator himself
would hardly desire. Can we deny that the
House of Representatives are the accusers?
What is it. An impeachment is to be pre-
sented, and the "grand inquest of the nation''
are to appear before this body and to urtrue
that case on the presumption and supposition
that the party accused is guilty. 1 take it they
are not to appear here in his defense; I do
not understand that they are to appear here to
tell us to acquit the distinguished party who is
to be accused.
Now, sir, what my position is, what that
senator's position is, is not the question. He
does not know from anything I have said. I
stand here now as a Senator aiding in making
™ ^ °r this trial: and when it is proposed
that tnat distinguished individual, when he op-
pears here, shall find his counsel limited to an
nour in the discussion of a question, I cannot
consent to it as a Senator. Has any Senator
a right to intimate that in taking that ground
.. ,}"w ln slightest degree where my par-
tialities are. I think the whole of it is a mis-
take.
