1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8625
matters confided by tlio Constitution to the three
branches ot the Legislature an net of legislation
will bo necessary to contimi these articles, and rhe
Houso of Representatives, as onebraneh of tho Legis-
luluie, arc perfectly fiee to pass the act or to refuse
It, judging for thoffiselves whether it is fur thegnod
of their constituents to let the treaty go into effect
or not."
Again, in volume nine, page 10G, of Jeffer-
son's works, he says:
" When money is to bo paid, tho House of Repre-
sentatives should be consulted previously to con-
cluding the treaty, or thotreatysliould be madecon-
ditional to the sanction of the Houso."
Now, sir, in view of tliis record of the prac-
tice of our Government, in view of the provis-
ions of our Constitution, and of the expressed
opinions of the greatest statesman of the Re-
public, it cannot be claimed by any foreign
Government engaged in negotiations with us
that the law of this country on this question is
not settled and well understood ; that a nego-
tiation of this kind cannot be made and con-
summated so as to bind the Government with-
out the consent of Congress, and that until such
assent is given such negotiation is without force
or effect, and that no act of the executive de-
partment not authorized by Congress can make
it effective or clothe it with vitality. And f have
no hesitation in saying that the unauthorized
and unwarranted act of the President in taking
possession of this territory was not binding on
the Government, and should have no influence
in the investigation of the case or its final de-
cision; and to give such unauthorized acts any
influence in the case would be setting a dan-
gerous precedent for the future.
I come now to the question as to what action
should be taken by the House in relation to
this treaty. I, for one, cannot consent to do
what the Committee on Foreign Affairs ask. to
pass this bill making the appropriation without
any accompanying declaration of the opinion
of the House as to the regularity and the legal-
ity of the acts of the President in relation to
the treaty, and as to the rights and preroga-
tives of the House in such cases. To do this
would, in my opinion, as I have before stated,
be a tacit admission of the power of the Pres-
ident to do the same acts in the future, and
would be establishing a precedent fraught with
danger.
I am willing, under the circumstances of
this ease, to vote for this appropriation, if, by
the adoption of a proper preamble to this bill,
or by some accompanying resolutions, the
House will repudiate the claim of the Presi-
dent to exercise such powers, and assert its
constitutional prerogatives and rights in con-
nection with all subjects which, by the Con-
stitution, are submitted to the control of Con-
gress. But, sir, if not accompanied by some
such declaration, I shall deem it my duty to
oppose this bill. I care not how valuable this
territory maybe; for it is of far more import-
ance that the constitutional liberties of the
people should be preserved than thatwesliould
acquire wealth and empire.
Mr. Chairman, we can engage in a reckless
career for wealth, power, national aggrandize-
ment, and the unlimited extension of our ter-
ritory ; the temptation is great to do so; the
field is inviting. Other republics which have
gone before ua have set us the example, and
we may follow in their footsteps ; but, sir,
would it not be more wise to legislate with a
view to the liberty, the security, and the hap-
piness of the people and the perpetuity of our
Government? And it, should be remembered
that one of the greatest securities for the lib-
erties of the people is in the control given by
the Constitution to the House of Representa-
tives over the Treasury of the nation ; and that
when that security is taken away and the Presi-
dent has unlimited control over the public
purse, subject only to the consent of the Sen-
ate. one of the strongest safeguards of the peo-
ple against oppression is broken down.
It has always been a maxim in connection
with liberty in this country and in England
that all public money is from the pockets of '
the peopie, and that it should be expended by j
none but their representatives. I conjure the I
House not to abandon this doctrine now, or
surrenderlip this dearest right of the people.
The Constitution has carefully provided a sys-
tem of checks and balances which are essen-
tial to constitutional liberty. The powers of
the Government are distributed among the
different departments of the Government in
such manner that each one is a check upon
the other. But, sir, if this unlimited and
supreme power is conceded to the treaty-
making department, then the Constitution is a
mockery and a cheat, the President and the
Senate constitute the Government, and the
people have nothing to do but to submit to the
despotism thus established.
1 shall, Mr. Chairman, offer an amendment
to the bill, which, if adopted, will remove my
objections to it, and it will receivc my sup-
port; but if that amendment or something sub-
stantially the same is not adopted, I shall feel
it my duty to vote against the bill.
The debate was continued by Mr. BOYER
and Mr. PRCYN. [Their remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. PRICE obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is now
getting late, and there are few members pres-
ent. As this is a question of great import-
ance I would suggest that the committee now
rise, with the understanding that the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Price] shall have the
floor, after I shall occupy it to-morrow as was
agreed upon to-day.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
Iowa does not wish to go on, I would like an
opportunity to say something.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope I may be allowed
to submit some remarks to-night.
The CHAIRMAN. The order of the House
requires that at the close of the morning hour
to-morrow, the floor shall be assigned to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,]
and the floor must next be awarded to some
gentleman on the other side.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not know why there
should be any objection to permitting the de-
bate to go on to-night with the understanding
that the gentleman from Iowa shall hold the
floor at the adjournment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If the
gentleman from California [Mr. Johnson]
goes on to-night, the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] can take his place to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly; the gentleman
from Iowa can take my place to-morrow.
The CHAIRMAN. When the gentleman
from Wisconsin bus finished his remarks, the
Chair will feel obliged to give the floor to some
gentleman on the opposite sideofthequestiou.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. But if
every one assents to the arrangement sug-
gested, I do not see why it should not be car-
ried out?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Pkick] yield his place to the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Johnson?]
Mr. PRICE. If by unanimous consent it
can be agreed that the gentleman from Cali-
fornia shall take my place this evening, and
that I shall follow the gentleman from Wis-
consin to-morrow, I have no objection.
Several Members. All right.
The CHAIRMAN. The unanimous con-
sent of the committee is asked for the arrange-
ment just stated? Is there any objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chairman, on account
of the deep interest felt by California in the
speedy settlement of all questions of difficulty
concerning the purchase by our Government
of Alaska, I deem it my duty as a Representa-
tive to give my views to the House. The in-
terest felt by California in regard to this mat-
ter does not proceed from uncertain or chance
hope of profit, but comes from a knowledge of
the great commercial advantages to accrue
from that acquisition, a knowledge obtained
by nearly twenty years of intercourse with the
little settlements along the borders of that
territory. This puichase extends up from the
parallel of 54° 4U' north latitude to the north-
ern extremity of the continent, embracing many
valuable islands, one of which, Kodiak, is large
enough for a respectable sized State, and it
extends west from the one hundred and forty-
first totheone hundred and ninety-third degree
west longitude. Within the limits of this pur-
chase there is more of the earth's surface thaa
there is in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Scot-
land, Ireland, England, and Wales combined.
Yet some gentlemen honestly and conscien-
tiously oppose paying tho purchase money. It
is estimated that the area of this territory is
over five hundred and seventy thousand square
miles, and that the length of mainland cqn t is
more than four thousand statute miles. Im-
perfect as it may be, our Coast Survey shows
that this whole extent of water front is '■ in-
dented by capacious bays and commodious
harbors without number,, embracing the penin-
sula of Alaska, one of the most remarkable in
the world, fifty miles in breadth and three
hundred miles in length, piled with mountains,
many volcanic, and some still smoking, pene-
trated by navigable rivers, one of which is
among the largest of the world, studded with
islands which stand like sentinels on the coast,
and flanked by tho narrow Aleutian range
which, starting from Alaska, stretches far
away to Japan, as if America were extending
a friendly hand in trade to Asia." It is esti-
mated that the coast line, including bays and
islands, is not less than eleven thousand two
hundred miles.
Now, as to the value of all this, for its fish-
eries, furs, timber, ice, agricultural produc-
tions, &c., we are furnished with abundant
proof to establish the fact that no waters in
the world can yield the toiling fisherman so
rich a harvest as he may gather in the waters
immediately under that'northern coast. Oys-
ters, clams, and crabs are found in abundance ;
also an odd species of the herring, and also
the salmon, tho herring, the halibut, the cod,
and the whale, until all these fill and thicken
the waters. From the lights received upon the
subject it is not too much to suppose these the
greatest fisheries in the world. The advan-
tages to the country from the opening of these
fisheries will be incalculable. It should be
borne in mind that the cod fisheries of the At-
lantic coast was for a long time one of the
chief sources of the development and wealth
of the northern States, and was the great
school in which we trained our seamen and
made efficient our merchant marine. It was
always a paying business; it never failed to
yield a profit. Yet this Government thought
it quite necessary to aid it by subsidies, be-
cause it was a school for the training of the
adventurous seaman who carried the American
flag and American commerce over every sea to
the remotest ends of the earth.
The northern Pacific fisheries are probably
ten times as extensive as are those on the At-
lantic, yet the Atlantic fisheries employ over
one hundred thousand tons of shipping and ten
thousand men, yielding nearly three millions
annually. It is a well-known fact that the
Atlantic fisheries are diminishing in yield, and
that, we must look to some new field in which
to restore to us and keep up that great branch
of maritime and commercial industry. Last
year alone twenty cargoes, making one thou-
sand one hundred and eighty-three tons of
dried fish, were brought into San Francisco.
Pay this money, give us a government for the
country, and next year San Francisco will
receive ten times the number of tons received
last year. England, as a wise commercial
nation, has always paid a great deal of attention
to her fisheries, and in our fostering care of our
Atlantic fisheries we have only imitated her
example. Last year, as may be seen by the
inspector's report, London received through
Billingsgate one thousand six hundred and
sixty-six tons of salmon, worth J>l,00!),01y.
Now, do not be encouraged to hope this House
is to receive anything throughthat ''gate." 1
expect to see the day, however, when Alaska
salmon will compete in the London markets
with the salmon taken from Welsh waters.
