1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
llfl
Mr. CONNESS. I did not make such an
accusation against my honorable friend. I
simply begged him to avoid this aspect of the
case.
Mr. DIXON. I thought I had avoided it.
Mr. CONNESS. And that by parity of
reasoning he might not imitate the course to
which he objects.
Mr. DIXON. I always endeavor to con-
duct myself'with propriety in this body.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no doubt.
Mr. DIXON. And to do so I need only
imitate the example of the distinguished Sen-
ator from California, then I am sure to be right.
But I should feel mortified in the extreme if I
thought I had subjected myself to the kind ad-
monition and reproof of that Senator when he
warns me not to show what my preferences
are. Why, sir, no human being can imagine
what ray preferences are from anything I have
heard said on this subject or anything I have
ever done that I know of. I have, sir, a desire
that this trial shall be conducted with propriety
and with justice, and I will say, moreover, with
mercy. If it were a trial for petit larceney I
would not establish such a rule. I never was
in favor of limiting the opportunity of an ac-
cused party to speak in his own defense; but
somelimesitisneeessary, and why? Onaccount
of the crowded state of the courts. Why was
the rule established in the Supreme Court of
the United States to which the distinguished
Senator from New York has already alluded
this morning? Because it was found that there
was an actual embarrassment of justice.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will permit me
to interrupt him. I was speaking on Satur-
day with a member of this body, who stated
the facts in connection with the establishment
of that rule. He was one of six counsel who
argued a cause of not great magnitude before
the court, each of the counsel occupying one
day—an entire week between them. The court,
after that abuse of tlie privilege of speech con-
cluded that they would establish a two-hour
rule. This court, without any abuse of any
particular rule, proposes to put the counsel, as
well as the managers of the House of Repre-
sentatives, into a strait-jacket at the start.
Mr. DIXON. I am obliged to the Senator
for the suggestion. That is according to my
recollection. I was here in Congress, in the
other House, at the time that rule was adopted
by the Supreme Court. I well recollect that
a reason had to be given to satisfy the public
for it. It shocked some men. 1 remember
when the hour rule was established in the
House of Representatatives. That was con-
sidered a great step and it was abandoned,
because the public were opposed to it. It
shocked the public mind. It was adopted
afterward only from actual necessity in that
body. It never was adopted in this body.
The Senator from New York can at any time,
if he pleases, delay business in this body month
after month, with very little complaint; be-
cause, although he speaks frequently, the only
regret he ever excites is that he does not speak
more frequently and longer.
Now, sir, this is a serious matter. This is
a case which I trust never again will happen,
as it never before has happened in this coun-
try. Here is the one great instance. You
come up here and propose in the face of the
American people to limit the time of this dis-
tinguished accused party in his defense. I
think, Senators, you are making a mistake.
For one, I wash my hands of it. I would not
limit him a minute. I have no fear of any
defense being made too long.
But, sir, I may be wrong 111 regard to the
propriety of placing any limit upon the defense,
but, if there must be a limit, I would certainly
give the opportunity of speaking two hours.
It is not a very long period for us who are
accustomed to two-day speeches here. Every-
body knows that that opportunity, perhaps,
never will be taken. Probably the_ advantage
will never be availed of by counsel in the trial.
I have very serious doubts whether they will
ever have occasion to discuss a question for
two hours ; probably not even for one hour.
But if they see fit to do so in good faith with
this distinguished body, this august assemblage
sitting as a high court of impeachment, watch-
ing their proceedings—if they see fit, upon
their responsibility, to address me and you for
the space of two hours, I myself do not feel
disposed to object to it.
Mr. DRAKE. I have one word to say about
this matter. It has been remarked by several
Senators that in fixing upon this rule, and upon
all other rules that we may adopt, we should
not only do right, but should seem to do right.
I think that is a very good proposition, and I
suppose when it contemplates that we should
seem to do right it is with reference to the
judgment of the nation upon our proceedings.
Taking that view of it, I have only to say that
I have been now nearly thirty-five years a
practicing lawyer, and that the very last thing
in this world which you can ever excite any
sympathy among the people for is cutting off
the speech of lawyers in court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Jersey. A division of the
amendment has been called for. The first vote
will be on the first branch of the amendment,
to strike out in line two of rule twenty the
words "by one person only on each side,
and."
The question being put; this branch of the
amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the second branch of the amendment
of the Senator from New Jersey, to strike out
in the second line of the twentieth rule the
words " one hour " and insert "two hours."
Mr. GRIMES. If that amendment be made
how will the rule then read ?
The SECRETARY. If the rule be amended
as proposed it will read:
A11 preliminary or interlocutory questions and all
motions shall be argued for not exceeding two hours
on each side, unless tho court shall by order extend
the time.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not intend to prolong
the discussion on this point. It is easy to see,
however, that a whole day's work may bo
exhausted by tho discussion of one single pre-
liminary and possibly trivial question that
may be raised by counsel. The counsel raising
it will be entitled to their two^ hours, and the
counsel opposing it will be entitled to their two
hours. Thus four hours are exhausted. That
is practically a whole legislative day. It will
exhaust one entire day of the session. Now,
at what time, I beg to inquire, is it likely that
a trial would terminate under such a rule as
this ?
And it is to be remembered at the same
time, Mr. President, that during the trial of an
impeachment the House of Representatives
perform no legislative business. They are by
legal construction present in the Senate ; they
have a right to bo present in the Senate Cham-
ber during the trial. Why? Because the House
of Representatives are the accusers of the per-
son on his trial, and it is the right of the accused
to meet his accusers face to face. Whether this
be a reality or a fiction, it has been hitherto the
practice of the House of Representatives. They
do not sit during the trial of an impeachment.
They are represented to be here in this Cham-
ber by their own managers, but still they do not
sit for the transaction of legislative business.
Now, is it reasonable to suspend the operation
of both Houses of Congress hour after hour and
day after day, as may happen, in the discussion
and consideration of questions and motions
such as are contemplated l>y the twentieth rule ?
It seems to me to be unreasonable.
I also have practiced law a considerable
length of time, Mr. President, and I have dis-
covered that the shorter the discussion of
counsel, the more compact the argument, the
more clear tlie statement which he makes, and
the shorter the time he occupies, the better it
is for his case; and I do not think that any
accused person would bo likely to be injured
by a rule such as we are now attempting to es-
tablish. If the question bean important one,®
it is manifestly such a question as needs a farther
and longer discussion than is contemplated
here, there can be no doubt that the Senate
would extend the time on the suggestion of
counsel, or even on their own suggestion. We
seek to do no injustice, but we do seek to save
from useless consumption the public tirae>
which we are bound to devote to public objects.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to submit one
single remark to the consideration of Senators
in regard to-this proposition. Courts, ordi-
narily, before which trials are had, in which
witnesses deliver testimony, are composed of
one or a very small number of persons. In
that way the court is able by consultation on
the instant to determine what the rule will be
upon a particular interlocutory question. St
is after that consultation, with that knowledge,
that counsel are stopped in their argument;
never otherwise. No court sitting at nisiprius
ever simply refuses to hear counsel discuss any
question in order. That, is not the essence of
what it does; but by a consultation of the
members of the court, if it consists _of three
or even five, as it does in some instances
in the States, they are able to say to counsel
in substance, " The court stops you upon this
point, because we have an impression which
will prevail for the purposes of the present
ruling." It is in that way, and only in that
way, that counsel are cut off in those instances
where the time they shall occupy is in any sense
within the control or discretion of the court;
and as my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. IIowe]
suggests to me, usually it happens that they
are cut off in such instances where the courts
are in favor of the pr<jposition which they ar-
gue, and accordingly you will see in reading
the reports of cases, " Mr. So and So, for the
plaintiff, "was stopped by the court," meaning
that the court was in his favor. _ Continually
counsel, in conducting trials at nisi prius, are
stopped upon questions of evidence, because
the court is against the proposition which the
counsel presents. A piece of evidence is of-
fered and the court have determined in their
own minds a principle which controls it; the
counsel is stopped at once.
The court say, "We will not hear this argu-
ment ; you must take your exception; you
must go elsewhere; we have made up our
minds that our ruling here is so and so." In
a tribunal so multifarious as this Senators will
see that no such process is applicable. It is
impossible, pending an argument upon an
interlocutory question, for fifty-three judges to
consult and announce an impression to the
counsel upon which he is to be stopped. There-
fore, unless we make a provision beforehand
which restricts these arguments within those
limits which ordinarily will be sufficient, leav-
ing it to the discretion of the court upon sug-
gestion to enlarge it, the tribunal will be en-
tirely at the mercy of counsel, not acting, as
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Yates] suggests,
upon a contumacious and concerted plan of
talking against time, but acting under that zeal;
prevalent and often needless,which leads coun-
sel to press beyond any practicable point sug-
gestions upon which they grow heated upon
either side. .
I think there can be no practical doubt that
one hour is abundantly sufficient for all the
ordinary run of preliminary and interlocutory
questions and motions; and everybody knows
that the moment one arises which is an excep-
tion to this, the court, not by a majority nor
by any process of formal vote, but^ by a spon-
taneous and unanimous consent, will allow all
the latitude that the occasion may require.
But the point I wish to suggest to Senators is,
that sitting as we do, fifty-three members, or
judges, as you please to call us, we shall have
nothing but the rule to rely upon, and unless
we have a rule to protect us counsel mayargue
a question which is a foregone question, which
every member of this body determined years
ago—and I could illustrate such questions if I
meant to prolong the debate. We are to sit
and sit until the end of the argument, or else
