1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
read of the interview between the President
and the once Maryland slave, Douglass, when
the marked superiority of the escaped slave
should have made the President, it no one
else, forever silent on the subject of negro
inferiority.
In this message and in a multitude of ways
the President has made assertions, insinua-
tions, and statements intended to excite the
prejudices and passions of the lbreign-born
voters against the native-born voters of the
South. If I could speak with a voice to reach
the voters of this land 1 would say to theua,
beware of being governed by prejudice. Re-
member that a blow struck at the humblest
voter is a blow aimed at you all. When you
require a property qualification of a black man
it is a precedent to require it of a white one,
and a blow aimed at every poor man and his
descendants. When you make the test of edu-
cation for the negro it is a precedent to shut
out all not born under favoring circumstances
to get knowledge. If you demand that he shall
read and write it may be demanded that you
shall do it understandingly before you may
have a voice in the Government under which
you are to live and which, it may be, owes its
very existence to your services. Especially to
the foreign-born voter would I appeal. Driven
many of you by governmental persecutions
from the homes of your ancestors you come
here to enjoy rights and privileges there denied
you. Copy not here the oppression and perse-
cutions toward the freedmen which drove you
from your native land. It may be the means
of driving them from their sunny homes in the
South to divide with you the scanty loaf" which
labor now receives at the North. Beware how
you persecute them lest you drive them from
their homes and have to compete for labor
with men who know by sad experience how to
live upon a peck of corn and two pounds of
bacon a week, with a scanty covering of rags.
Piather aid them with your votes and keep
them where they now are. Elevate labor every-
where. Make it both respectable and profita-
ble, that you and your children in this the
land of your adoption may enjoy its fruits.
One or two points more and I have done.
The President charges that—
"Already the negroes are influenced by promises
of confiscation and plunder."
Who has promised them confiscation? On
the 9th of Jane, 1864, Andrew Johnson, ill
his official capacity as military governor of
Tennessee, stood up before the people of that
State, black and white, and declared—
" These leaders must feel the power of this Gov-
ernment. Treason must be made odious, and trait-
ors must be punished and impoverished. The great
plantations mmt be seized and divided into small
fainis."
And now, when he undertakes to hold Con-
gress responsible for the doctrines which he
taught to the negroes of Tennessee, I say to
him as he said on that occasion to the sur-
rounding rebels:
" Thou canst not say, I did it; never shake
Thy gory locks at me."
And I suggest tq the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chaxi.ekJ and the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] that instead of
wasting all their thunder at the old commoner
from Pennsylvania they .direct a part at the
White House, where they are supposed to have
some influence.
It may turn out that he was rigTit. The
rebel element in the South are now persecuting
the Union m^n, and pursuing a course toward
the colored men whom they have peeled for
generations that would make such a course
justifiable. The rebel owners" of the land had
justly forfeited it by their treason. It had been
brought under cultivation by the. unpaid labor
of the slaves who were our allies in the fearful
struggle. At the close of th% war and since
they have been peaceable and thrifty citizens,
eager to obtain knowledge. Without homes
and without lands of their own they have pro-
duced from the rightfully forfeited lands of
rebels not only the means whereby they live
but the ■ means whereby these unrepentant
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 13-.
rebels are able to live and oppress? them. For
exorcising the rights of suffrage as independent
freemen thoy have been persecuted and driven
from their humble homes, creating suffering
that would soften hearts of stone. The evic-
tion of the Irish peasants from the cots of their
fathers by the English landlords was humanity
itself compared with the treatment now meted
out to colored men in some localities. If it is
not stopped I may be compelled to adopt the
doctrine of the President and take the justly for-
feited great plantations of persistent and unre-
pentant rebels for soldiers' bounties. It would
be wholesome punishment richly deserved.
But why follow this matter further? The Pres-
ident is constantly charging upon Congress the
acts of which he is himself guilty, and provokes
the remarks he so aptly applied to another:
" Whenever you hear a man prating of the Consti-
tution, spot him; ho is a traitor."
To show how utterly reckless this message is
in statement let me contrast two paragraphs.
He says of reconstruction:
" It has cost uncounted millions already, ancl if
persisted in it will requiroa strongstiindingurmyaud
probably more than two hundred million dollars per
annum to maintain the supremacy o.f uegro govern-
ments after they are established."
With every probability that these States will
be reconstructed upon the congressional plan
by the 1st of July next he deliberately makes up
his estimates of the whole expense of the War
Department for every and all purposes for the
year following that date, as follows :
"The total estimates for military appropriations are
$77,124,707, including a deficiency in the lust year's
appropriations of $13,000,OoO.'*
Was ever a reckless statement more clearly
shown up than one statement from this message
shows up the falsity of the other? I have not
been able to find the items of expense of re-
construction in the rebel States. The Freed-
men's Bureau for eleven months expended
$3,597,397. In the first military district about
$250,000 were expended by military, registra-
tion, &c. In the third, $162,825 were expended
for registration and matters connected there-
with. In the other districts I do not find the
amounts. But take the largest sum for each
district and double it, and add the whole cost
of reconstruction, with the Freed men's Bureau
included, is less than eight million dollars for
the year, making the whole cost of reconstruc-
tion by Congress less than the amount turned
over to rebels by the President, almost without
consideration and without law.
The expense to the nation of the Freedmen's
Bureau has always been a fruitful tfieme with
the President, with rebel sympathizers, and
all the friends of slavery. T he report of Gen-
eraP Grant makes its whole cost for eleven
months ending the 1st of September last
$3,597,397 65. For the full year at that rate
it would amount to $3,924,423 80. The com-
pensating advantages of the bureau, apart from
its aid to^ education and furnishing the desti-
tute of all colors, in consequence of the small
crops of last year in the South, was that it an-
swered the purposes of capital. The close of
the war found the South with its capital invested
in the confederacy destroyed, and desolation
in the track of the armies. The planters had
land, but no money to pay for labor. The
negroes had labor, but no money'to buy land.
The planter had no faith that the freedman
would give him constant labor. The freedman
had no faith in getting his pay if he trusted the
planter. The course of the rebels toward immi-
grants kept out capital, and it seemed as though
that whole section was doomed to lay waste.
In this state of affairs the Freedmen's Bureau
was established. It said to the freedmen, go
to work on shares or trust, and we will see
that you get your pay. It said to the planter,
employ the freedmen and they shall not leave
you when you most need their labor to save
the crop. What was the result? The world
was astonished at the amount of our cotton
crop. We drove China and Japan cotton from
the English market. Egypt next back to rais-
ing grain, and Brazil to raising coffee. The
Royal Bank of Liverpool, which was ho}dipg
up the India cotton merchants, failed for
$10,000,000, and cotton cloths went from fifty
to fifteen cents a yard. We raised at least
seven hundred and lifty thousand bales of cot-
ton more in consequence of the confidence
established between ilie planters and the freed-
men, worth more then than a hundred million
dollars, and the tax upon which, at three cents
a pound, amounted to more to the Govern-
ment than the whole cost of the bureau, say-
ing nothing of the benefits to the people, to
manufactures, and to trade both foreign and
domestic.
One item more and I am done. This usurper,
who has been dictating to States how they shall
organize and whom they shall allow to vote;
who has seized the revenues of the State and
passed it over to rebels; whoso hands are red
with the blood of patriots shed at New Orleans
by rebels with whom he was in correspondence
and sympathy, now suggests what other dread-
ful things the Executive may be compelled to
do if Congress should pass some act against
his sovereign pleasure, coupled with it's and
buts, which insinuate what lie dares not utter.
I have heard beforo of his feelers thrown out
to get the pulse of the people ; how in 1806,
when swinging round the circle, filled with the
spirit of conservatism, he declared "Congress
was a revolutionary body hanging on the verge
of the Government, and assuming to bea Con-
gress of the United States;" how his New
Hampshire adviser and counselor (Burke)
declared, in the spirit of his master, "they
should expiate their monstrous crimes upon
the scaffold."
Sir, I come from a State the bones of whose
soldiers are buried beneath most of the battle-
fields where freedom was won and nationality
secured—a State whose flag has never yet been
disgraced by cowardice—and I say to the Presi-
dent and his tools that her representatives are
not to be intimidated by his implied threats.
I tell him further, if the day shall ever come
when he attempts what he insinuates, but darea
not utter, that if the chief of rebels goes un-
hung, the chief of usurpers will not.
I know not what further trials God in His
infinite providence may have in store for this
nation, but whatever they may be I have an
abiding confidence that He will give us strength
and courage to meet them as shall become free-
men and the representatives of freemen.
INDIANA COURTS.
Mr: KERR. Mr. Chairman, I had the honor
the other day to submit for the consideration
of this House, in the form of a bill, the re-
quest of a large portion of the people of Indi-
ana for an increase in the facilities for the
administration of justice in the Federal courts
in that State. I now beg' the indulgence of
the House while I state the reasons and facts
on which that application rests.
The subject is one which should always chal-
lenge the most cheerful and favorable attention
of the representatives of the people. Justice
should not only be guarantied to the citizens
in the set formula of the written Constitution,
but they should be supplied with appropriate
tribunals for its most convenient, cheap, and
speejjy administration. If these do not exist,
the law-making power should create them. If
tribunals do exist, but are so inaccessible to
large portions of the people that resort to them
is attended with expense which destroys the
value of the remedy when obtained, the great
purpose of courts of justice is substantially
defeated. Justice may thus be practically
denied to the people.
In the early history of our country, and until
the last few years, the domestic courts of the
States have given the most complete, satisfac-
tory, and speedy protection to their citizens,
except in the very inconsiderable class of cases
which belonged exclusively to Federal juris-
diction. But since our late and most terrible
civil war commenced there has been to a great
extent a redistribution of judicial power in our
country. There has been to a still greater
extent an increase in the jurisdiction and bnsi- ,
