1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the court is to convene aud make a rule for
the purpose of cutting it off; for no one mem-
ber of the court would be at liberty, even if he
liad. the power, to make the suggestion for the
others, that that question was practically closed.
Therefore I concur with Senators who hope
that we shall so manage as to make this trial
fair and deliberate and yet dispose of it, and
not have it paralyze and stop for a longer time
than is necessary the whole business of the
country at this pregnant and eventful period.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senators who oppose
this extension of time seem to proceed upon
the idea that questions will be made and the
whole two hours will be occupied for the pur-
pose of consuming time and protracting the
trial. I have no such fear as that. I do not
suppose that many questions will arise during
the course of this trial that will require two hours
or even one hour to debate them. The honor-
able Senator from Michigan stated precisely
and pointedly the character of debate upon
legal and incidental questions that would be
most advantageous to the side upon which they
were made: that the argument should be short,
pertinent, aud pointed. The honorable Sena-
tor's experience leads hiui to the conclusion,
as it is the experience of every lawyer, that
wheu points are made to a court, that mode of
debate is the most effective for success. The gen-
tlemen who will appear here as counsel for the
accused are no doubt as fully experienced and
impressed with the truth of that proposition, as
the honorable Senator from Michigan, or any
other gentleman. They will not needlessly
make questions. They will not make futile
questions that are of no importance, because
by doing so they would soon excite a feeling
in the court against th£m and against their
mode of conducting the trial. They will make
only such questions as they think necessary for
the prosecution or the defense. They will not
occupy an unnecessary amount of time in their
debate. It may be, and no doubt will be, the
fact that there are not many questions that may
arise even 011 this trial incidentally that will
require two hours' time to debate them. Some
will in all probability. Their number though,
[think will be few. That is my conjecture ;
but where a question arises in the progress of
the trial, the proper discussion of which
would require two hours, the counsel ought to
be permitted to appropriate that time to it
without stopping the trial and asking that the
court should extend the time. In my judg-
ment there is no necessity for restricting the
time of the debate of any incidental question
under two hours. J believe that there will not
arise many questions which will occupy that
amount of time ; but some may arise 111 which
that extent of time would be uselul and neces-
sary, and it ought not to be restricted in antici-
pation of that state of case when it arises.
Mr. SUMNEll. It seems to me in laying
down a rule 011 this subject now, we must bear
in mind that the habits of the bar, il' not of
Congress, are materially different lrom what
they were in the early days. In the great trials
to which allusion has been made, there was 110
rule which limited the debates of counsel, either
011 preliminary or interlocutory motions, or on
the main question. Nor in those days was
there any occasion for any such limitation.
Speakiug against time had not then become
one of the hue arts. It evidently is so now in
couits and in legislative bodies. Sir, you must
take notice of the change in the times and gov-
ern yourselves accordingly. You are not living
in the days of Mr. Justice Chase, or even ot
Judge Peck; but you are living 111 your own
time, and you must be governed by the neces-
sities of your time.
Now, sir, under this impression, I submit
that it is not expedient for the Senate to open
the gates of discussion 011 these interlocutory
and preliminary questions. 1 think the limita-
tion proposed is wise. Let me add, it is prac-
tical and it is just. If there was any occasion
to refer to any precedent to illustrate this case,
I might refer to one of the greatest trials that
have occurred in our generation. I mean that
of the present emperor of France, when lie
was sent to the bar of the French Chamber of
Peers in 1840, for his attempt on the throne of
France by the landing at Bolougne. He had
for his counsel the greatest advocate of France;
many regard him the greatest advocate of out-
age j at this moment, and I presume at that
time, the unquestioned head of the French bar.
I mean M. Bcrrier. That consummate lawyer
brought to the defense all the resources of his
great genius and of his remarkable experience.
And, sir, how long do you suppose his speech
on that occasion in closing the defense occu-
pied? Three quarters of an hour. In three
quarters of an hour he made his defense of
the person then arraigned at the bar of the
French Chamber of Peers. Nor was there
ever any suggestion that the defense was not
entirely adequate to the occasion. The coun-
sel had a great name.
Mr. DIXON. I will ask the Senator if he
was limited in point of time?
Mr. SUMNER. No; there was no limitation
in time.
Mr. IIO WARD. Nor is there here.
Mr. SU'MNFll. I was about to say that in
France, where the privileges of the bar are
very much honored, there is always a practice
which has been established from generation to
generation, and which is very rarely departed
lrom; there is but one advocate to speak in
the defense—not two, not three, not four, not
half a dozen. As a general rule, there is but
one ; and as a general rule, that one advocate
rarely speaks lor two hours. O11 the occasion
to which I refer this great advocate spoke but
three quarters of an hour.
Mr. GRIMES. That trial was before a mili-
tary commission, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It was before the Chamber of Peers—the Sen-
ate of France.
Mr. GRIMES. When Louis Napoleon was
tried and incarcerated in the Castle of Haul, in
1840?
Mr. SUMNER. In 1840, before the French
Chamber of Peers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the second branch of the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 call for the yeas and
nays 011 that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Isthattheaniendmentehang-
ing the time from one hour to two hours?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
amendment increasing the time from one hour
to two hours.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 2 t; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Davi.s, Dixon,
Fowler, Frclin^lmy^en, Urimos, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, McUreery, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ross, Baulsbury, Sprague, Tipton, Irum'oull, Van
AV~inkle, and AVilley—20.
NAYH—Messi3. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Drake, Jidmuuds, Kerry, Ilar-
lan, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton. Nye, Pomeroy, Kamsoy, Stewnit,
Sumner, Thayer, "Williams Wilson, mid Yates—2J.
AC8E-NT—Messrs. iiayard, Catlell, Ciagm, Doo-
little, Keasendcn, Henderson, I'attcrauii of New
Hampshire, Sherman, and Wade—9.
So the second branch of Mr. Fkelixcshuy-
sex's amendment was not agreed t.0.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the third branch ot the
amendment offered by the Senator from New
Jersey, to insert at the end of the twentieth
rule the words "before the argument com-
mences."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think there is no.objec-
tion to that.
Mr. MOKTON. O11 that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to make a
remark on this amendment. This amend-
ment provides, in substance, that if the time
is to be extended it shall be done before the
argument begins. 1 think the amendment is
wrong, tor the reason that the argument of
counsel itself might reveal the importance of
the question and suggest the propriety of con-
tinuing the argument, and perhaps the opinion
of the importance of the question and the
propriety of extending the time might depend
upon the brief argument that might be made.
I might think a question was comparatively
unimportant until I heard it discussed for a
few minutes, and then I might be desirous of
having the time extended. Consequently i am
opposed to the adoption of this amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I agree with what has
been said by the Senator from Indiana. I think
it is unnecessary and improper to amend the
rule in this respect. When a question is pre-
sented to the eourt the counsel may commence
his argument, and as he proceeds the court
may be of the opinion that it is necessary that
he should consume more time than half an
hour or an hour, and the court may order him
to proceed with his argument; and then it will
be right for the court to permit the counsel on
the other side to consume the same time in
discussing the question if the opposite counsel
desires to do so. But to require the counsel,
before he commences the discussion of a case,
to give notice that he intends to use more than
an hour, or that upon a particular question he
will make an application to consume more
than an hour, it seems to me, is putting the cart
before the horse; because the court cannot
know whether it is necessary that he should con-
sume more than an hour or not until they hear
the question presented, and until the discus-
sion is commenced. 1 think that we might
allow a counsel to progress 111 his argument
under this rule ; and if tlie court is of the opin-
ion as he progresses that more time is neces-
sary the order can be made, and then the
same privilege is extended to other counsel. I
hope, therelore, this amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. FERRY. In my own State a statute
which has been in existence for thirteen years
limits the argument of counsel on each side
of any case to one hour, the iinal argument
aud all, unless otherwise ordered by the court,
upon application made by the counsel, before
the commencement of the argument. I have
witnessed the operation of that statute for
thirteen years, aud in all its operation it has
been in myjudgment highly beueticial. 1 have
known numerous instances when, 111 important
causes, counsel have applied oeloiethe com-
mencement of the argument i'or an extension
of their time, and in important, causes I have
never known it refused. But I have never
known an application made during the pen-
dency ot an argument. Indeed, counsel them-
selves are able to anticipate whether there will
be any necessity for such an extension. Such,
at least, has been my own expei ienee : and 1
believe that to leave this lule m>w as it stands,
and allow counsel to argue an hour, and then
at its close sa}*, "'1 iind that 111 justice to my
client the cause which 1 represent ought to
have more time,'' aud then make his applica-
tion, we should be embarrassed tar more than
it we had no rule at all.
Mr. HOWARD. I agree entirely in the
remarks of the Senator lrom Oregon as to the
propriety of adopting this pending amend-
ment. ^ i do not think it would be iound bene-
ficial in practice, because we ail know very
well that opposing counsel, especially those
who oppose a motion, are \ery ouen taken
by surprise by the nature of the motion, and
by the _ arguments and the authorities upou
which it is attempted to be t>upportedj and
they, therelore, may want from time to time a
further allowance of time to enable them to
discuss the whole question fuhy, but I do not
think that in all cases it would be piudent to
require a motion lbr an extension of the time
to be made preliminarily before tiie commence-
ment of the_ argument. J. think, therefore, as
the eourt will always have it m its pow^r to
extend the time, that we had better adopt the
rule as it is without this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 think the honorable
member trom Indiana is cleuiiy right, it is
impossible ia advance, especially in relation to
