1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
tions. The citizens of the States will naturally
prefer, as being the cheapest and most con-
venient, to go into their domestic courts for
redress. Opposing litigants will quite as nat-
urally seek to defeat the jurisdiction of those
courts in order to secure delav and other
advantages, real or supposed. If it were prac-
ticable, therefore, it is certainly desirable that
the Federal courts should be made as accessible
to the people as the local courts are.
Mr. Chairman, the bill 1 had the honor
to present proposes to establish a Federal
court at the city of New Albany, Indiana, with
two terms a year. It does not ask the creation
of a new district or the appointment of an
additional district judge. The present judge
is competent to hold four, or if needs be six,
termsofhis courtannually. It is done by judges
in several other States where terms of the
district courts are required by law to be held
at different points. Such is the case in Ten-
nessee, in which there are three districts, and
courts are held in each of them by one judge.
The same is the case in the States of Michigan,
Texas, Alabama, and others, in each of which
two or more districts exist and all the courts are
held by one judge.
At present the only States in which more
than one Federal court, with more than two
termsa year, are provided for are indicated in
the following table ; together with the number
of district courts, of terms, of judges, and of
Representatives in Congress:
Diits. Judo**. Terms. Reps.
Maine    11 3 5
New Hampshire  11 4 3
Massachusetts   11 4 10
Rhode Island  11 4 2
Vermont  11 3 3
Connecticut  11 4 4
New York  3 3 29 31
New Jersey  11 4 5
Pennsylvania  2 2 8 24
Delaware  11 4 1
Maryland  11 4 5
Virginia  11 4 0
West Virginia  11 6 3
North Carolina  11 6 0
South Carolina  11 4 0
Georgia   — 2 1 6 0
1-lorida  2 2 6 0
Alabama  3 1 6 0
Louisiana.  11 7 0
Texas  2 1 8 0
Arkansas  2 1 4 0
Tennessee  3 1 6-8
Kentucky  11 8 9
Ohio  2 2 6 19
Illinois  2 2 4 14
Michigan  2 1 5 6
Wisconsin  11 3 6
Missouri  2 2 5 9
Iowa  11 3 6
California  11 3 3
Oregon  11 3 1
Nevada  11 3 1
It thus appears that the State of Indiana,
with a territory extending from Lake Michigan
to the Ohio river, with a population of nearly
two millions, and with an immense commerce,
both internal and external, has but one dis-
trict court with but two terms a year, held
only at the capital, in the geographical center
of the State. The foregoing table shows that
many other States, with less population, less
area, less commerce, and less representative
strength, have twice or thrice as great Federal
court facilities as the great State of Indiana.
In conclusion, therefore, and as a matter of
paramount importance and of simple justice,
in behalf of the people of southern Indiana,
I appeal to this House to pass the bill which I
have introduced. It will very greatly promote
the public welfare as affected by the adminis-
tration of justice in that State, and will occa-
sion the most inconsiderable addition to the
expenses of our judicial system. Besides, I
am authorized to tender to the Government
tf>e use without charge of the necessary court
room and offices for the holding of a Federal
court at New Albany so long as they may be
desired by the Government; and I can safely
assure the House that there is not in that State
a more complete or creditable court building
than the one of which the use is so tendered.
The city of New Albany possesses a popula-
tion of over twenty thousand, and is now, and
is destined to become in a still greater degree,
!' a point of great commercial importance. Its
1 location at the foot of the falls of the Ohio
renders its commercial growth inevitable. j
Mr. BAKER obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, who moved ;
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Farnsworth
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the President's
annual message, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
I
message from the senate.. ]
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had concurred in the resolution of the
House that when the two Houses adjourn on
Friday, the 20th instant, the President of the
Senate and the Speaker of the House of Rep
resentatives shall declare their respective
Houses adjourned until Monday, the 6th of
January next.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. "WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled an act (S. No. 143) to provide for
changing of names of persons in the District
I, of Columbia; when the Speaker signed the j
same.
contested election.
The SPEAKER presented to the House addi-
tional testimony in the contested-election case
of McGroaty vs. Hooper; which was referred
to the Committee of Elections, and ordered to
be printed.
extra compensation.
! The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster General,
I u reply to a resolution of the House of the
j M instant, relative to the amount of the
twenty per cent, allowance to the clerks in his
Department for the year ending June 30, 1807 ;
which was referred to the joint Committee on
Retrenchment, and ordered to be printed,
j issue ol' land patents.
j The SPEAKER also laid before the House
| a communication from the Secretary of the
I Interior, transmitting a draft of a bill relating
I to the issuing of land grants to certain Indian
tribes; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, ftnd ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. SHANKS, (at
five o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By the SPEAKER: The petition of John
Baggs, of Whitesville, Harris county, Georgia,
praying for compensation for losses.
By Mr. ELIOT: A memorial of the "repre-
sentatives of the yearly meeting of the religious
society of Friends in New England," repre-
senting their early interest in the welfare of
the Indians, and praying for the enactment of
just laws for their protection.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Joseph
W. Hitchcock, of Ellisburg, Jefferson county,
New York, for an increase of pension.
By Mr. PAINE: The memorial of the direct-
ors of the Taylor Orphan Asylum of Racine,
Wisconsin.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of Ed-
ward Cavendy, United States Navy, for com-
pensation for invention of tripod for taking
zenith observations at sea, &c.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Ameri-
can citizens and others at Buenos Ayres, pray-
ing for the extension of the United States and
Brazil steamship line from Rio de Janeiro to
BueoOs Ayres and Montevideo, *
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 16, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
Hon. William Sprague, of Rhode Ibland,
appeared in his seat to-day.
the cuhhency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I perceive
that there is an error in the Journal. My
motion on Friday in relation to Senate bill
No. 148 was to postpone it until Monday; but
as the shortest way of reaching the object of
making the correction I move that the Com-
mittee on Finance be discharged from the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 148) to raise
the value of legal-tender notes to par, which
will restore it to the table, and effect the
same object that the correction of the Journal
would.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid be-
fore the Senate a letter from the Secretary ■
of the Interior, transmitting a draft of a bill
providing for the issuing of patents to the
band of Me-shin-go-me-sia, for the lands em-
braced in the Miami Indian Reservation in
Indiana, with copies of a report of the Acting
Commissioner of Indian Affairs of the 12th
instant in relation to the subject; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating
a draft of a section of an act approved July 4,
1844, with a view to its application to all suits
or proceedings agftinst collectors or other offi-
cers of the revenue; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
laws of colorado.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid beforte
the Senate copies of general laws, joint resolu-
tions, memorials, and private acts, passed at
the sixth session of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Colorado, convened at
i Golden City on the 3d day of December, 1866;
which were referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of the
manufacturers of saddlery, harness, carriages,
&c., of the eighth district of Ohio, praying the
removal ofthe present tax of five per cent, upon
their sales; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented additional papers in
the case of O'lNeill and McKinney, praying to
be paid for wood furnished the Government
under a contract; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented .the petition of
Mrs. Rebecca V. Senor, mother of James H.
Senor, late a private company F, twenty-fifth
Missouri volunteers, praying that she may be
granted a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Vermont, rela-
tive to the establishment of a line of mail
steamers to Liberia; which were referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Vermont, requesting the
Representatives and Senators in Congress from
that State to use their inftuencs for a modifica-
tion of the national banking laws so as to per-
mit local taxation of bank stock by the various
municipalities where the shareholders reside ;
which was referred to the Committee -on Fi-
nance.
Mr. FRELTNGHUYSEN presented resolu-
tions of the Loyal League of Trenton, New
Jersey, indorsing the petition of the Loyal
League of New York, that Generals Sickles
and Howard be still further retained as volun-
teers ; which were referred to the Committer
on Military Affairs and the Militia 
