1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
emphatically a fundamental cbndition by which
all future generations are to be denied the
power of amend! jg their constitution in that
way. I should like to ask that learned Sena-
tor how the Legislature of Arkansas, that is
not an organic body, but is merely the creature
of this same new constitution, can impose a
fundamental condition upon the people of that
State. Sir, it is not possible; a fundamental
condition can only be imposed, if they other-
wise have the power, by the people in their
primary capacity, acting in the form of a con-
stitutional convention, or in some other primary
way. A Legislature that has merely the or-
dinary powers of legislation, that is not a
primary body, but is the creature simply of the
constitution, cannot impose a fundamental con-
dition upon the people of the State.
Now, sir, how does this very constitution pro-
vide for amending itself? It provides that in
order to adopt an amendment it shall be voted
by the Legislature by a two-thirds majority, and
then it shall be advertised three months before
the next election, and then the succeeding
Legislature shall also pass it by a two-thirds
majority, and after that it shall be submitted
to the people, and if ratified by a majority of
the electors it shall then become a provision
of the constitution. That is the only way it
can be amended according to its own provis-
ions; but the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri would provide for attaching a funda-
mental condition more binding than any other
part of that constitution, because it is to be
obligatory for all time, by a mere Legislature
which is a creature of the constitution and has
no other powers than those of ordinary legis-
lation. Sir, any compact formed in that way
is not worth the paper it is written on. It
seems to me, with all due respect to my learned
friend, that it is too plain a proposition to argue.
Mr. President, while these States were in
their deranged and disordered condition, re-
sulting from the rebellion, their governments
gone, we had a right to co/ne in and recon-
duct republican governments by any means
that were necessaiy and proper for that pur-
pose. We had a right to use the instrumental-
ity of the colored vote for that purpose, to en-
franchise that race as a means of reconstruct-
ing and establishing governments there. We
have done that; but when these States are
admitted, when they have complied with all
our conditions and come back and are received,
then they stand upon the same platform with
every other State in the Union; they have
every right and every power that belongs to
every other State.
The right to regulate the question of suffrage
belongs to the States under the Constitution.
It has been recognized as belonging to the sev-
eral States ever since the foundation of the
Government. And, sir, another right belongs
to the States : and what is that? It is that the
States have a right to alter and amend their
constitutions at pleasure, so that they do not
change their republican character. The State
of Arkansas will have the same right to as-
semble the people in contention from time to
time and to alter and amend their constitution
as they see proper that Illinois and New York
have; and the State of Arkansas will have the
same power to regulate the question of suffrage
that the State of New York has, unquestion-
ably. If these rights belong to the State when
she comes in under the Constitution of the
United States, I ask how can they be taken
from her by a compact agreed to by her State
Legislature?
Mr. CONKLING, IIow can they be taken
from her at all?
Mr. MORTON. I am just coming to that
question. I say the idea of their being taken
from her by a compact made by her State Le-
gislature, it seems to me, cannot be argued
successfully for a moment; and 1 now come
to the question of fundamental conditions in
general. I have always had a very decided
opinion upon that subject ever since I have
been a student of the "Constitution; and that
is, that this Government has uo right, and it
has no power, to impose a fundamental condi-
tion on any State by which that State parts
with any right which it has under the Consti-
tution of the United States. A State cannot
alienate her rights under the Constitution of
the United States any more than a man can
alienate those great natural rights that belong
to him. What nature is to os in regard to our
rights the Constitution is in regard to artificial
States; and if a State has aright under the
Constitution of the United States to regulate
the question of suffrage that right cannot be
alienated, bartered, or compacted away by
any State. 1 contend that every State has the
right to regulate the question of suffrage and
to amend her Constitution in any particular
from time to time, so that it does not cease to
be republican in its character.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Who is to judge of that?
Mr. MORTON. I suppose that is a question
to be judged of by Congress. There is nothing
peculiar in that regard in respect to suffrage ;
but the question is, how can any State by com-
pact part with any constitutional right without
destroying the equality of the States before the
law. You make it a condition on Arkansas,
that she shall part with the right to regulate the
question oi suffrage in a certain way ; you make
it a condition on Colorado that she shall part
with another right; you make it a condition
with Montana, when she comes in, that she
shall part with some other right that wo^ld
belong to her under the Constitution, and thus
you have one State that is not equal to the
others because there is right compacted away,
and another State unequal to the rest because
another right is compacted away, and thus the
equality of the States before the Constitution
and the law is destroyed.
Sir, there is but one security and there is but
one regulation on this subject, and that is that
the several States shall not so alter or amend
their constitutions as to cease to be republican
in form. That is provided in the Constitution
itself.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I have
some faith in these compacts. I believe that
certain things may be contracted between the
General Government and the States. In the
first place, we have the uniform practice of
the Government in favor of that idea. In the
admission of nearly all the new States there
are certain conditions; one which is common
to all of them is that the property of non-
residents shall not be taxed higher than the
property of residents.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator from Nevada
will allow me, I should like to say one word
on that point. I intended to mention it—it
was in my mind—but that is certainly not a
parallel case, bccause the question of taxation
is one that is legitimately within the control
of the Legislature, and it is not a fundamental
condition that goes to any question of forming
a constitution. After being in the Union the
Legislature can perhaps make a contract with
the General Government on the question ol
taxing certain property, as any other contract
can be made. The Legislature has the power
to make contracts in regard to matters within
legislative control, and the question of taxation
is within legislative control, but the question
of saying that a State shall never amend its
constitution upon a certain question funda-
mental in its character is not within legislative
control.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I know of
no quality of sovereignly of a higher character
than the power to tax. I believe that is one
of the highest attributes of sovereignty—the
power to tax the people; to take their prop-
erty for public use; and that has been regu-
lated by compact with regard to a great many
States. There arc other things that havebeen
regulated by compact. The instance of Mis-
souri which has been referred to was a regula-
tion by compact. I concur with the Senator
from Indiana to this extent—I wish to be un-
derstood—that any compact which is within
the purview of the Constitution of the^ United
States, which is in harmony with its principles
and provisions that the State and the General
Government agree to, may be carried out. The
compacts which have been made heretofore
have been carried out for years. When a
State has made any one of these arrangements
with the General Government she has never
attempted to violate it. Missouri did not; and
none of the other States have violated the com-
pacts made in regard to taxation. A contract
in violation of the Constitution of the United
States or that would impair the legitimate
functions of a State, of course would not be
binding. A compact that would make the Gov-
ernment auti-republican in form, a compact
between the State and the General Government
which would allow the State to set up a king
and become a monarchy, would of course be a
nullity ; but a compact that it should be in-
tensely republican in form, in the full spirit
and meaning of that term, atid should ingraft
on its fundamental law the principles of the
Declaration of Independence, would be so in
harmony with the spirit of the Federal Consti-
tution that, if both parties agreed to it, it seems
to me, it would be likely to be recognized and
enforced as these other compacts have been,
it would be a pledge of good faith such as no
State has hitherto seen fit to violate or thought
itself degraded by accepting with regard to
taxation and with regard to a great many other
questions.
Such compacts have been made with regard
to the question of slavery, which was peculiarly
a State institution. Before the abolition of
slavery by the constitutional amendment, Con-
gress imposed upon several States, as a funda-
mental condition in their constitutions, that
slavery should never be tolerated. That was
done in regard to Nevada before the abolition
of slavery by the constitutional amendment,
and was acquiesced in. A compact of this
kind, which is in favor of liberty and human-
ity, is not likely to be violated.
I do not know that any provision we may
make now would mateiially increase the remedy
that Congress would have over the question,
because if the Government of the United States
must guaranty to each State a republican
form of government, the general power being
granted to the Government of the United
States to do this, and Congress having author-
ity to carry into execution the general powers
granted to the Government, Congress in carry-
ing out the general power must be the judge
of the means to be employed. If one of these
compacts should be violated, and violated in
such a manner as to render the State anti-
republican, or to overthrow the republican
principle, Congress then would have power to
interfere with or without such a fundamental
condition being inserted in the act of admis-
sion. But if the State, on being admitted to
representation, had pledged the honor of the
State not to violate that principle, it might be
a more marked case. Their attention having
been thus particularly called to it, Congress
might be justilied in acting more rapidly and
upon less evidence than it would if the funda-
mental condition had been omitted originally.
Upon the question of suffrage, I think that
almost everybody is a little wrong as to the
power of the States. I do not believe that it
is exclusively with Congress or exclusively with
the States. I believe the power to regulate
suffrage is with the States ; the mere matter
of regulating it has been with tliem in prac-
tice ; but if you mean by the power of regulat-
ing it the power to take it away and create an
oligarchy, that power is not with the States.
When they attempt that, the Government of
the United States is bound to interfere. I con-
cur fully that the power to regulate suffrage is
with the States ; but the power to create an
oligarchy is not in the States. The power of
regulation may be abused by the States so as
to call on Congress to interfere. So with any
other power that a State may have; it may be
so abused as to destroy the republican lorm
of its government, and in that case Congress
should interfere.
As to these compacts, I say if they are m
