2604
THE- -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May* 27,
harmony with the Constitution and carry out
the general principles of free government it is
well to declare them, well to put- them in,
because they have been universally respected;
they never have been violated, and will not be
violated. It is not the question what remedy
you are to have, but the fact that they have
been universally respected is some guarantee
that they will be hereafter respected; and a
proper fundamental condition, calling the at-
tention of the State at the time it is admitted,
to'tbe fact that the Government of the United
States expects that it will maintain good faith
toward all its citizens as a compact with the
General Government, is certainly of some use
as a declaration of a principle. I do not
know, however, that the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri is materially better
than the original bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Do I understand him to
Bay that in the history of what he terms funda-
mental compacts it has never occurred that
States have refused to recognize them and to
be bound by them ?
Mr. STEWART. 1 think it has occurred in
the case of the rebellion.
- Mb, CONKLING. No; I speak of long
before the rebellion. Does not the Senator
remember that States have utterly refused to
be bound by such compacts, have denied that
they had any validity whatever; and does he
not know that the question thus made has
been caried to the courts ?
Mr. POMEROY. In the Missouri case.
Mr. STEWART. The Missouri case was
not carried to the courts. I know that under
the doctrine of secession the States in the South
have violated their compacts.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not speak of the
doctrine of secession, but take for example
the Alabama case 
Mr. JOHNSON. Pollard's Lessee vs. Hagan.
Mr. CONKLING. The Mobile case, Pol-
lard's Lessee vs. Hagan, and the other cases of
the same kind, for that is not the only one ;
are they not eases where States have refused
entirely, after becoming States, to be bound
by such compacts, taking the ground that all
preliminary arrangements of this kind expired
and were dissolved by the fact of statehood
accruing?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The case of Pollard's
Lessee vs. Hagan did not raise the question
necessarily.
Mr. CONKLING. But they discussed the
question in that case. I should like to know,
if the Senator from Nevada will be good enough
to inform us, where the ease is that has been
treated by the courts, in which it has been said
that such a compact could be enforced any-
where.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think that the
matter has generally gone before the courts.
These questions have not gone before the
courts, because in a majority of cases the com-
pacts have been carried out. There may be
one or two exceptions in the South under the
strong States' rights notions there prevailing,
where they denied the binding validity of a
compact made on coming into the Union, or
indeed their binding obligation to the Union
at all. But I am speaking of most of the western
States, where they have admitted the validity
of these compacts and have acquiesced in all
their conditions. In the case of Missouri the
question did not come before the courts; it
was not raised. The propriety of these con-
ditions was generally acquiesced in, and the
precedent is of some value for that reason.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ne-
vada will pardon me for interposing again. I
do not wish to interfere with him; but we are'
discussing this matter for the sake of light, no
doubt, and it is a question upon which a great
deal can be said on both sides'. The Senator
affirms that there are many instances, old and
new, in which this has been done, and in which
respect baa been paid to it when done. He
says that was true in the case of Missouri.
Now, I think I cannot be mistaken in my recol-
lection that the provision in the Missouri case
which he refers to was defended upon the
ground that without any such provision such
a law as was inhibited would be void because
repugnant to the Constitution of the United
States; and the'argument was, "This is only
an assertion, it is only an affirmation, of the
force and effect of the Constitution of the
United States." Passing by the Missouri case,
until we come to a very recent period, I know
of no compacts in our history of this sort except
those compacts relating to the public lands, for
a reason special there which the courts pointed
out and which we can all point out, and those
relating to the taxation of non-residents, dis-
tinguishable entirely from this case for reasons
which have also been pointed out in the decis-
ions to which I make reference. Except
these cases—the Missouri case, special in the
way I suggest, and the other cases, special for
their own reasons—I recollect no example of
this sort until we come down to the State rep-
resented by the Senator himself; I think that
came first.
Mr. STEWART. Nebraska.
Mr. CONKLING. No; Nebraska followed;
that was later. In these cases—I speak now
of Nebraska particularly—there was such a
fundamental compact as we are talking about.
The question has never been raised as to its
validity; but my recollection is, speaking
of this body, that the oldest lawyers in it
denounced the proposition, I might say vehe-
mently, and those lawyers of the Seuale who
are known in the phraseology of the day as
being Radical especially, if I remember, were
among those who scouted the idea of imposing
upon Nebraska any valid obligation by what
was there adopted and termed a fundamental
compact. So that in these two eases, Nevada
and Nebraska, which in my recollection stand
alone as illustrations of what we are discussing,
we have the assertion of a large number of the
members of this body that it was mere blank
paper, and we have a debate in the two Houses
which certainly is not calculated to give confi-
dence to the proposition or to prove that con-
fidence was felt by those who attempted it, and
we have nothing in the courts or anywhere
else recognizing it. So that I think the Sen-
ator ought to subtract a little from what he
says when he speaks of the respect due to the
usage in this particular of the Government—
the respect due to the fact that this has been
done and repeated and gone unchallenged,
receiving at least that measure of respect. I
confess I do not so understand it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like the Senator,
before he takes his seat, to state the particular
point of the exception he alludes to in Ala-
bama. I think the rule is more general than
the exception. I should like to know what was
the particular.point in the Alabama case, as
the Senator recollects it.
Mr. CONKLING. The general point, as I
recollect it, in the Alabama ease—I have not
looked at it recently—was this: the State of
Alabama came in upon a compact agreeing,
among other things, that the navigable waters
in the State should forever remain public high-
ways ; and a question arose between individ-
uals afterward whether, by virtue of that, any-
body took or anybody lost aright; and although
there were other points in judgment, although
the case may be criticised, yet the judges, in
writing, (and several of them wrote,) discussed
the question very fully, and held that such an
agreement as that was dissolved and determ-
ined by the acquisition of statehood for the
reason stated—I think with great clearness-
just now by the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Morton,] that the equality of the
States forbade any such hampering, and that a
State burst the ligaments of that sort by which
in its territorial condition it had been bound !
the moment it acceded to the condition of a
State.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission
of the Senator, I have the CKse in nty hand anil
will read an extract from it. The condition iu
the case of Alabama was in these words:
" That all navigable waters within the said State
shall forever remain public highways, free to the
citizens of said State and of theUnited States, with-
out any tax, duty, impost, or toll therefor imposed
by said State."
The decision of the Supreme Court is in
these words:
" The provision of the Constitution above referred
to shows that no such power can be exercised by the
United States within a State. Such a power is not
only repugnant to the Constitution, but it is incon-
sistent with the spirit and intention of the deeds of
cession."—Pollard'a Leseie vs. hagan et al., 3 How-
ard, p. 224.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which opinion are you
reading from ?
Mr. HENDERSON. The opinion of Mr.
Justice McKinley, who delivered the opinion
of the court.
Mr. CONKLING. While the Senator from
Nevada is looking at the book, let me make
an inquiry of my honorable friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Henderson.] He does not intend
that we shall understand that the court did not
say in its opinion very distinctly that the fund-
amental compact there was for that purpose
void ?
Mr. HENDERSON. That it could not take
away any of the rights of a State enjoyed under
the Constitution of the United States ; that
each and every State was upon an equal foot-
ing, and must be, after admission.
Mr. CONKLING. So that by parity of
reasoning, in this case, if, by the Constitution
of-the United States, the regulation of suf-
frage is one of the functions and prerogatives
of a State, a fundamental compact impinging
upon that would be on all fours with the fund-
amental compact there discussed.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the inference
the Senator draws from it.
The PRESIDENT pro tew,pore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Stewakt] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Nevada
will permit me, while he is lookingat that case,
to come into this ring 
Mr. STEWART. I shall come in after a
while. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to inter-
rupt the Senator.
Mr. STEWART. It is no interruption.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senate and of my friends from
New York and Missouri, -who have rather
strange notions about this case, to what the
case really was. In the first place, the terri-
tory was ceded by the State of Georgia and
some of the other States to the United Slates,
and one of the conditions of that cession was
as follows:
" XJpon condition that the territory so ceded shall
be laid out and formed into States, containing a suit-
able extent of territory, not less that one hundred
nor more than one hundred and fifty miles square, or
as near thereto as circumstances will admit, and the
States so formed shall be republican States and ad-
mitted members of the Federal Union, having the
Sitme rights of sovereignty, freedom, and independ-
ence as the other States."
That was the original compact between the
State of Georgia, which made the cession,
and the United States. The Supreme Court
decided that any regulation of Congress or agree-
ment between Congress and the authorities of
a new State, formed in that territory, limiting
the powers of the State, would be in\io!ation
of that original compact; and therefore they
held that if any such regulation had keen made
it would have been void ; but they proceeded
to decide that 110 such regulation had been
made; that the compact between the LT!iited
States and the State ot Alabama, when she
was admitted, retaining jurisdiction over the
navigable waters, was one that by the Consti-
tution ot the United States was reserved to the
United States as a power to regulate commerce;
and therefore that the question did not arise,
what was the effect of a compact of that kind
independent of the act of cession, because the
power which was contained in the act of
admission they expressly decided was a power
which, by the Constitution, belonged to Con-
