1580
THE CONGRESSIOKAL &LGBE.
Mare!i%
sponsible duty to perform, and I crave and beg
the privilege of performing that duty under all
the light and with all the information which I
can gain from all sources. There may be mem-
bers in this body who require no light of this
description; there may be men in this body so
well versed in the laws and in the Constitution
that any debate whatever may be unnecessary
for them; but I would ask those gentlemen, in
behalf ot less gifted persons than themselves,
to extend the privilege in this high cause of
argument to the counsel so far as they may wish
to proceed. . . ...
1 tell those who are in the majority m this
Hall that they can afford to be magnanimous;
they have the strength to be magnanimous;
and the learned Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] has said that he wishes to act fairly
and impartially, and that it should appear that
he acted fairly and impartially. If our action
is fair and impartial it will appear fair and im-
partial. If it is partial and fair it will appear
partial and fair. As I said before, the major-
ity of this body, being regarded by the country
and going down to posterity as unfriendly on
this occasion to the accused, can well afford to
come up and be magnanimous and liberal.
Allow full scope to the discussion, allow full
scope to the accusation, and let the prisoner
stand or fall as it may appear just and right
lifter clear investigation before us.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] ap-
pears to have floating before his imagination
a grand exhibition, at which fine ladies are to
grace the galleries; and he appears, also, to
-have a wish and desire to meet the expecta-
tions of the people. Sir, whether these ladies
•shall (-race these galleries or not, whether this
exhibition that we are to have is to be grand,
gloomy, or peculiar, will have no influence on
me whatever in the action which I take in this
cause. When I am sworn as a juror I have
the duty of a juror to perform, if the prose-
cution convict the President of crimes and
misdemeanors under the Constitution and laws
ma^c in pursuance thereof, I, as a sworn juror,
will feel compelled to say so ; if they fail I
must acquit. But whether these line ladies
shall grace these galleries, rustling in their
silks or glidingabout in their calico, or whether
the exhibition shall be grand or not, will have
no influence whatever upon me. Whether
the people shall be patient or impatient, I
claim the privilege, in view of my character
aud the character of my State, and the char-
acter which I shall assume as a juror, of
doing right; and if it takes me six months to
do it I will claim that time. That is what I
came for to do; that is what I want to do in
this cause. It is a cause which, more than any
other, shall connect our names with the history
of this country. Then let us take such a posi-
tion that this country in all time and all other
countries may say that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, uninfluenced by party considera-
tions and party ties, stood up and extended to
the unfortunate accused all the benefits which
an accused in this or any other land may claim.
I ask you, therefore, to adopt my amendment,
and say that all preliminary or interlocutory
questions and all motions may be argued by
counsel _ on each side with no restriction.
There will be eminent men before us, who have
higli character; they will not come here to
■trample upon the feelings and sentiments of this
Senate; and if this Senate, as a court, should
see that counsel were trying to trifle in that
respect and to consume unnecessary time, it
•would be at our discretion to call that counsel
so transgressing to order. I do hone that this
restriction and this limitation will be removed,
that we may not only seem to be fair, but that
we may be fair, in the trial of this great cause.
Mr. YA1ES. I think that the discussion
this morning has illustrated the importance of
some rule more than any argument which I
can make. It has certainly shown the import-
ance of not allowing more than two to speak '
on a side, and 1 am certain it has shown the
propriety of confining them to one hour. If
we argue this rule, whii h is a meip
matter, the whole day, what may we expect
when two counsel upon each side are to speak
upon a preliminary motion ? We may expect,
as has been said, that the whole day will be
spent. I can reply to my enthusiastic friend
from Kentucky by saying that I have no 'doubt,
if Kentucky could be potential here, the case
would be decided already. I have no doubt
that if that highly loyal State could have a
voice in the Senate, and the question could
be left to the voice of that State, it would be
decided already. Sir, I can inform the gen-
tleman that I am myself a native of Kentucky.
I assure him that I do not expect that this
magnificent presence that I spoke of or that
these galleries graced with beauty would affect
me as a judge; but I have no doubt that if my
learned and eloquent friend were a counsel
he would be inspired beyond measure by the
beauty in these galleries. That is the point to
which I referred. I meant that this would be
a theater for high and grand debate. It will
be one of the great events in the history of the
world to go down with great trials, like that
of Hastings and Lord Clive, to the remotest
posterity; and I merely suggested that this
immense and grand audience would inspire
these legal gentlemen, inspire their eloquence,
give them new arguments, new logic, and new
points. That was the view with which I made
the reference. I had not the least idea that
the honorable Senator from Kentucky could be
seduced from his integrity, from his Kentucky
integrity, by the smiles and beauty of the
ladies.
Mr. McCREERY. There is only one cir-
cumstance connected with the gentleman's
speech to which I wish to reply. Be says that
he has no doubt that the highly loyal State I
represent would acquit the accused without a
hearing. Well, sir, I expect that if we could
get a jury from Kentucky and swear them and
put them into the box they would come about
as near doing justice and right under the Con-
stitution and laws of this land as a jury sum-
moned from any other section of the United
States. I will say that much in vindication of
the State of my birth and of the Senator's
birth ; and if he was born there, I am only
sorry that his own mother should receive Such
a tribute at his hands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment is to strike out all after the
word " motions," in the first line of the twen-
tieth rule, and to insert "may be argued by
council on each sideso as to make the rule
read:
All preliminary or interlocutory questions and all
motions may bo argued by counsel on each sido.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the twenty-first"Trie;-as
follows:  ;
XXI. The final argument on the merits maybe
made by two persons on each side, and the argument
shall bo opened and closed on tho part of the Houso
of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
attention of my honorable friend, the chairman
of the committee, if he will be kind enough to
give it to me. This rule provides for the final
argument on the merits. There is uo provis-
ion for the opening of the case. I do not know
whether this subject was considered by the
committee or not. I venture to suggest, how-
ever, that in making these ruies it is important
for us in advance, so far as possible, to foresee
any questions and provide for them. Now, the
first question that will occur on the organiza
tion of the court will be as to the opening of
the case, how shall it be opened, in what order,
by how many counsel. In view of that seem-
ing want in this rule I venture to suggest words
like the following, to come in at the beginning
of the rule :
The ease shall be opened by not more than two
persons on each side.
Then the rule will go on as it is in the text.
I will send these words to the Chair, and move
them as an amendment, to come in imme-
diately before the beginning of the rule.
Mr.'IIuWAUD. 1 hardly think that amend-
ment is necessary. It is a matter of cbmtno'n
usage, as we all know, in courts of justice/m
the progress of a trial, for the prosecuting
counsel to open the case; that is, to make %
statement of the nature of the offense charred
in the indictment and to set forth verbally the
substance of the testimony upon which he e£- *
pects to be able to sustain the charge. A crim-
inal trial without that formality would be a sin-
gularity, to say the least; but, as I understand
the amendment of the honorable Senatorfrom
Massachusetts, he contemplates not only hen
opening on the part of the Government coun-
sel, preliminarily to the introduction of any tes-
timony, but also an opening on the part ofthe
accused to follow perhaps the opening oh the
fart of the Government. Does he mean this?
t certainly is embraced in his amendment, aa
I understand it, and would be required by the
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose counsel for "the
defense would naturally open the defense be-
fore they introduced their evidence. They
would state to the court what they expected
to prove ; that would be their opening. ' "
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator's amendment
does not require that. The amendment seems
to require an opening statement of counsel for
the defense at the same time that the opening
is made by the Government counsel. I take
it he does not intend that. ' ' '
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the amendment
should be altered. ' . '
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I think that he will find it is clear. ' -
Mr. HOWARD. Then I ask that it be re-
ported again.
Mr. SuMNER. I have it here, and will
read it: •
The case shall bo opened by not more than two
persons on each side. •
Mr. HOWARD. That is, " opened on each
side," and then the rule will go on to provide
"the final argument of the case may be made
by, two persons on each side." Those latter
words would be tautology. What I wish,
Mr. President, is to exclude the idea in this
rule that it is the right of the counsel for the.
defense to open his case at any time before the
prosecution has closed its evidence. That is
the proceeding in an ordinary court of justice,
I believe. If the honorable Senator will so
change his amendment as to"embrace that idea,
I do not know that I shall have any objection
to it. -1
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the mem-
bers of the committee who havethis subject in
charge, if they think it is wise or necessary for
us to establish at this time the rule as to how the
case shall be opened and closed ? and whether
we had not better leave that as it has been left,
I apprehend, in all previous trials of impeach-
ment, both in this country and in Europe, to
be settled by the court, or by the counsel with
the approbation of the court, after the case
shall have progressed to that period of the
trial when it is necessary for them to argue it?
If I remember rightly the history of impeach-
ment trials in England, the members of the
managers and the counsel on the part of the
defense have addressed their arguments to a
particular issue that was involved in a particu-
lar specification; and I think that was the ease
in this country in the celebrated Chase trial,
and in the Peck trial. There were divers and
sundry specifications, to each of which the
defendant pleaded not guilty. One manager
argued each particular specification; and one
of the counsel on the part of the defense
replied to him. Each article was one of the
points upon which the court had to pronounce'
that the defendant was either guilty or not
guilty, and each was argued separately.
Now, had we not better leave this whole
matter to be settled by a conference between
the attorneys of the respective sides when they
shall reach the argument than to say now per-
emptorily that ten or twenty articles shall all
be combined in the speefch of the counsel
instead of beintr severed, as tin v have
