1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr, Niblach.
Ho. of Reps.
permitted to exercise the powers of States, I
submit they are just as valid and binding as
any other State governments, and it is as much
a violation of sound principle to tear them
down, unless others are immediately supplied
in their place equally acecptable to the people
affected by them, as to tear down the govern-
ment of any other State of this Union.
The first act passed on the subject, and to
which I have referred, was, however, in many
respects incongruous and obscure in its pro-
visions, as was conceded by the hasty manner
in which it was amended by the present Con-
gress, which convened soon after that act was
passed. The same want of policy, the same
want of precision and completeness, I submit,
run through all the acts passed subsequently
to that and amendatory of it. This bill, which
professes to go to the very root of the difficulty,
yet evades or seemingly attempts to evade the
real issue impliedly raised by it, and I say this
in the hearing of the distinguished gentleman
[Mr. Bingham.] who reported it, who opened
the debate on it, and who will, I presume, closeit.
If the governments in the rebellious States
are illegal, then I beg to inquire what is the
effect upon them of the first section of this bill?
It says they shall not be recognized as " valid
or legal State governments" by the executive
or judicial power or authority of the United
States. JUoes that go back to the first reorgan-
ization of these States under the President's
proclamation, or does it only declare them ille-
gal after the passage of this act? There is an
obscurity in this language which, I submit to
the gentleman who reported it, will have to be
again supplied by some amendatory act.
Mr. BIN GH AM. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest one word?
Mr. NiBLACK. Certainly.
My. BINGHAM. It is simply this: wo con-
sider it settled by all the traditions of the
Kepublic and by solemn judicial decisions that
no department of this Government could, at
any time after the rebellion, recognize any one
of these governments about which the gentle-
man is now speaking, which were set up on the
termination of the rebellion, or attempted to
be set up as valid until Congress did so recog-
nize them. Therefore the provision of the
first section is for the very purpose of con-
cluding the executive and judicial departments
of the Government in accordance with former
decisions. That is exactly what we are about.
Mr. NIBLACK. Itisawell recognized prin-
ciple of international law that in the absence
of a regular government—that is, a government
de jure—a government de facto is allowed to
supply the place of such regular government.
Mr. BINGHAM. The principles of inter-
national law, I beg to say to the gentleman,
do not apply to the interior policy of a govern-
ment or sovereignty.
Mr. NiBLACK. Then I inquire by what
law, if not international law, the gentleman
claims these States are conquered provinces
and not States of the Union?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not claim that they
are conquered provinces at all. A,nation never
conquered its own territory.
Mr. NIBLACK. So I have always con-
tended; but if they are not conquered prov-
inces they must be States, and if they are
States then yon have no authority under the
Constitution or any principle recognized under
our torn of government by which we can rule
these States by any such form of legislation as
this. If they are still States of this Union
then they have the undisputed right to regu-
late all such matters as pertain to their internal
and State matters, without any interference or
paramount control by Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion? The Government of the United States
has a right to demand that a republican form
of government shall be maintained in each
State by the voluntary actof the people thereof,
as required by the Constitution. Now, I ask
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 6.
the gentleman whether he is ready to say, if
perchance to-morrow all the people of the
State of Ohio choose by common consent, in
convention assembled, to declare their State or-
ganization dissolved, that they will have hence-
forth no Legislature, and accordingly all their
legislative officers resign, all their judicial offi-
cers and executive officers resign, the Govern-
ment of the United States has not the right to
take notice of it and by act of Congress extend
absolute undivided jurisdiction over every rood
of that territory, and protect the lives of every
citizen therein? I respectfully ask an answer
of the gentleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I have the
floor, and cannot yield for anything like an
argument.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Niblack] must be protected in his
right to the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire an answer to my
question, if it be agreeable to the gentleman to
give it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I admit that if a State
government should abdicate its authority, if it
ever dare to do so, it might become the duty
of Congress to enforce in some way a reorgan-
ization of its government, but not through the
military power, but by civil officers and civil
agencies, called into existence for the special
purpose and clothed with certain definite pow-
ers. In such an event Congress could certainly
go no further than to reorganize the already
existing State government, and would have no
power to set up a new government for the peo-
ple of the State. This thing of taking posses-
sion of the State governments through military
agencies is inconsistent with our form of gov-
ernment and with the principles recognized by
our Constitution. It places the military power
above the civil authority, which is clearly in
violation of the letter and spirit of that instru-
ment. Sir, the military power is but a police
power in aid of the civil administration of the
Government; and whatever we do in regard to
any State government, either under the guar-
antee clause or under the necessities of the case
as they may seem to arise, we must do by civil
agencies and not by the military authority as
provided for in this bill. The exercise of mil-
itary authority in matters of civil administra-
tion is in conflict with all our early lessons on
the subject of a republican and constitutional
government.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me once more to make a suggestion?
Mr. NIBLACK. Go on.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to treat the gen-
tleman with all respect. There is no gentleman
in this House for whom I entertain greater
respect-
Mr. NIBLACK. Well, then, make your
suggestion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to suggest to
the gentleman that there is no such thing as
republican government in any State of the
Union except by the cooperation and volun-
tary act of the people resident therein ; and if
the people of a State will not act in the mat-
ter the Government of the United States can-
not make a republican government in that
State, because that is elective, and elective by
the people of the State, but it can govern the
State, either by arms or by laws, until the peo-
ple thereof do their duty and establish a repub-
lican State government.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is just what I am
arguing. The gentleman concedes that a re-
publican government must be the work of the
people to be governed by it; I agree to that;
but then I deny the power he claims in Con-
gress to coerce the people of a State in the
manner proposed by this bill.
But I beg the gentleman's attention still
further, for there are some other suggestions
I desire to make that I hope ho will see proper
to answer in his closing argument on this bill.
When I was interrupted by the gentleman I
was inquiring what is to be the effect of the
first section of the bill on the existing State
governments—if itis to be construed to go back
to and relate to all that has been done by those
governments since the close of the war? Think
for a moment of the effect it must have on the
people of those States and on the very organi-
zation of society itself within those States.
Why, sir, they have been marrying and giving
in marriage for three years in those States;
debts have been created; contracts have been
entered into; property has been purchased
and sold by loyal as well as by disloyal men,
by people of all classes ; deeds and other
legal instruments executed; all the functions
of municipal government have been carried
on by the people of those States under laws
created by these provisional governments, or
whatever kind of governments you please to
call them, erected and organized since the war.
If you tear those governments down by this bill,
I beg to inquire what is to take their places ? A
mere military order cannot take the place of
municipal law. If these State governments
are to be thus summarily abolished, I beg to
submit that it is our duty first to make pro-
vision by act of Congress for governing these
people and carrying on their local and domes-
tic affairs under some code of written laws.
Do not leave them, I beseech of you, to the
caprice of any military commander or of any
other officer, however exalted he may be.
Why, sir, if we have the power to pass this
bill the powers of Congress have in times past
been greatly underrated. Ten years ago no one
would have believed that such a power would
ever have been claimed in the Congress of the
United States or tolerated by it ior a single
moment; and yet it is argued, and seriously
argued, by men representing a large majority
of this House, and 1 suppose it will be so voted,
that Congress lias the power to do all this, and
much more, if found expedient. It is, sir, most
extraordinary to me. I confess that when I
think about it, when I look into this question
and consider it with that seriousness which it
is entitled to be considered at the hands of
every member of this House, and of every intel-
ligent citizen of the United States, I am unable
to realize that this is the last half of the nine-
teenth century. It seems that we have been
living for more than seventy-five years under a
Government founded upon a written Constitu-
tion, and yet have been unable to understand
and appreciate its powers and functions until
this late period of its existence.
Sir, it does seem to me that some strange
infatuation must have seized upon the minds
of gentlemen, and especially upon the mind
of so intelligent a gentleman as the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] before he can be
led to believe all that he has said upon this
great and momentous question.
I say this with all respect for the gentleman,
and he knows that I entertain the very highest
respect for him personally. He lias been for
a time our leader upon this side of the House.
[Laughter.] At the close of the last Congress
we had sore need of a leader, because the dis-
tinguished gentleman who had been our repre-
sentative upon the Judiciary Committee of that
Congress was 110 longer a member of Congress ;
and at the commencement of this Congress we
were sadly in need of some able gentleman
to take charge of us on this side of the House.
And when the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixghaji] capie over here last spring
and took a seat with us no one was more de-
lighted than I was. [Laughter.]
Sir, we sympathized with his efforts to assert
the constitutional rights of the people of the
southern States in the earlier part of the first
session of this Congress; and in that celebrated
controversy which took place between him and
the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] we on this side of the House
cheered him lustily, not so much, perhaps, for
what he said as because he sai<l it, and because
