1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in previous trials, and limiting them to two
speeches oil each side ? My own opinion is
that a question of practice of that kind belongs
purely to the court; and if we are to resolve
ourselves from a Senate into a court, it ought
to be settled by the court itself,when the Chief
Justice, who is to preside over us, is present
to give us the aid of his counsel.
Mr._ WILLIAMS. Mr. President, notwith-
standing I voted to retain the one-hour rule in
the discussion of all preliminary questions, I am
in favor of striking out this twenty-first rule alto-
gether. I do not believe that we ought to im-
pose any limitation upon the final argument
in this case. I can see a great propriety in
limiting the discussion of incidental questions
in the progress of the trial; but when the evi-
dence is submitted, I do not think that at this
time we ought to say that then the case shall
be argued by only two counsel on one side, and
two managers on the other. According to my
view the only limitation should be that the
same number of counsel should address the
court upon one side as upon the other. Sup-
pose when the accused is arraigned before this
high court of impeachment, it appears that he
has only two counsel employed to defend him ;
then there will be no necessity for any such
rule as this, for, of course, there will be but
two counsel to address the court in favor of
the person arraigned, and a rule restricting
the speeches on behalf of the prosecution to
the same number would, perhaps, be a very
reasonable one. Suppose he should have three
counsel employed to defend him, I can see 110
impropriety in allowing those three counsel to
address the court in a case of this importance,
involving a construction of the Constitution ;
and the decision that we may give in this case,
whatever it may be, will be a precedent for all
future time, and will have more consequence
in the future administration of this Government
than any legislative construction of the Con-
stitution that can be made.
Now, sir, I do not think that there will be
any unnecessary consumption of time if we
allow three counsel for the accused to address
the court and an equal number to speak on
behalf of the prosecution, because the physical
force of that number of persons will not enable
them when they take up the argument to con-
sume any considerable time in its prosecution.
Suppose it should so happen that each counsel,
if the accused should have three, should oc-
cupy a day, three days occupied on behalf of
the defendant and three days in behalf of the
prosecution would be no very extraordinary
time to consume. I remember that once when
I had the honor to*be a judge an incidental
question as to the admissibility of a certain
piece of evidence was argued for eight succes-
sive days before me by some of the most emi-
nent counsel in the country, and it is possible
that upon the final argument it may be allow-
able to permit counsel to address the court
without any limitation.
I have already stated that the reason why I
voted to put a restriction upon the discussion of
preliminary questions was that the nature of the
case was such that all the material questions
would necessarily bo involved in the finalargu-
ment. All questions that relate to the jurisdic-
tion of the court, all questions that relate to the
sufficiency of the articles of impeachment, and
all questions that relate to the guilt or innocence
of the accused can be discussed in the final argu-
ment; and, therefore, it appeared to me there
was no necessity for an unlimited range of dis-
cussion upon preliminary questions. But, sir,
if it be necessary to establish a rule of this kind
I submit that, after we have heard the evidence
in the case, we may then with great propriety
determine as to how many counsel shall address
the court and what length of time they may con-
sume. Suppose it should take only two or three
days to receive the evidence in the case; sup-
pose all the preliminary matters should be
disposed of in two or three days, so that the
court would be ready to proceed with the final
argument of the case, then, of course, we could
afford very reasonably to allow the utmost lati-
tude of discussion upon the final argument, for
we certainlydo not expect to complete this trial
in three or four days. In all human probability
it would take a week or two to try this case with
all possible expedition. "When we have heard
the discussions, the preliminary questions, when
the evidence has been submitted, then we shall
be prepared to decide as to whether that evi-
dence and the points that are made will need
an extended or a limited discussion, and we
shall be prepared, when we see the disposition
of counsel engaged and the number employed,
to decide upon this question. As I have before
suggested, if only two learned gentlemen should
appear on behalf of the defense, there is 110
necessity whatever for this rule, because cer-
tainly we ought to allow two speeches to be
made on either side of this case; and, if three
should appear, it seems to me we might allow
those three to address the court upon the final
argumentof the ease. So far as I am concerned,
I do not believe that the twenty-first rule ought
to be adopted at this time, and I move to strike
it out.
Mr. SUMNER. I venture to make one re-
mark in reply to my friend from Oregon. He
seems to imagine that nocounsel could occupy
the time of the Senate for more than one day.
The Senator forgets that on the trial of Judge
Peck Mr. Wirt, in a speech which I have some-
times thought was the most masterly forensic
effort in the history of our country, occupied
the attention of the Senate two full days.
The Senator will also remember that on the
trial of Warren Hastings, Mr. Burke occupied
the attention of the court of impeachment for
four successive days, and there were other
gentlemen on both sides, managers, and also
counselors for the defense, who occupied the
attention of the court each for several days.
I merely refer to these historical precedents
that we may be reminded in advance of the
possibilities of a trial like this ; and a Senator
near me says, the probabilities. Perhaps that
is a better word; but I prefer to express my-
self in the most moderate manner, and I there-
fore said simply "the possibilities." It seems
to me that it is our duty to provide against
probabilities or possibilities even.
And now, sir, 1 come back to the simple prop-
osition which I ventured to send to the Chair.
In offering it I remarked that) it seemed to me
we fhould in advance endeavor to provide
against any question arising after the proceed-
ings had commenced. It was in that view that
I have suggested that there was 110 provision
in the rules with regard to the opening of the
case, and I sent to the Chair a provision for
that purpose ; but at the suggestion of Sen-
ators about me I propose now to modify my
amendment so that it shall read as follows:
The case on each side shall bo opened by one
person.
In that form now I move the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, as modified.
Mr. DIXON. The present question is not
upon any preliminary or interlocutory ques-
tion ; it is not what time shall be taken by coun-
sel in motions for possible delay ; but it is upon
the final argument, the opening and the clos-
ing of the final argument in this great and mo-
mentous trial. I most deeply regret to see what
I think I see, what I cannot help seeing, in the
remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts and
some other Senators. That Senator speaks as
if the consumption of a day or two days or three
days or even four days, taken up in the defense
of this great trial, was to be regretted, a thing
to be deprecated and avoided; and he points
out as something to be shunned that Mr. Burke
spoke four days in the great trial of Warren
Hastings. I confess I have not that feeling. I
regret that the Senator has it; I regret that any
Senator has it. I do not think it is to the credit
of this body when entering upon this great
trial, impartial as undoubtedly we all are, wish-
ing to do justice in a solemn case of this kind,
bringing before us the President of the United
States, that gentlemen are disposed to deny,
him on the final argument upon ten charge®
the privilege of being heard by as many coun-
sel as he wishes.
Sir, you cannot prevent our action' being
noticed by the American people and by the.
world. It will be; and it is of vast iapoffe
ance that that impartiality which, we all intend-
to manifest and which we all feel should, be
shown in our action—and I do say here that,,
so far as I am competent to judge, it is, not
proper to deny the accused party in this case
the opportunity of being heard- at any length-
which he may desire; at any rate, to limit him
in this manner to one counsel to open upon
these ten charges and two to close, and to- be',
limited, as I understand, in their time.
Mr. CONKLINGL No ; there is no limit,in,
point of time.
Mr. DIXON. I am very glad to understand
that. Now, sir, it may be possible that it,
would be out of the physical power of ft single
or of double counsel to speak to these ten.
points. That is a question that ought to. be
left to themselves. Ten issues are to be made
up before us ; ten issues are to be made up
and closed at least for this body to decide;
and, as a court, this court of impeachment ia
to say upon each of those issues "guilty" or
" not guilty." I have said already that I have
no doubt every Senator here intends to try this
case as a juror. The presumption of law is
that the accused party is innocent. I do not
say that that is my presumption. I do not
venture to say that 1 presume he is innocent;
but the law of this land presumes that he is .
innocent, and he comes before you in the eye
of the law as an innocent man, although ac-
cused. I presume every Senator here hopes
that lie is innocent; I presume every Senator
hopes that the presumption of the law is cor-
rect. He is to appear before us ; he is to be
heard. I put it upon the extreme case now :
suppose it should take four days—suppose we
were compelled to convict him upon our oaths
and wo should delay in that judgment four day^
to allow him to be heard. I have no idea tha.t
four days would be taken, but suppose they
should, what of it? Sir, four days is a small
period in view of such a transaction. I believe
that the cause of justice and of right and of
truth requires of us that we should leave the
President of the United States, charged as he
is, to be heard by himself and counsel without
limit-
Now, sir, does anybody suppose a flock of
counsel or attorneys are to appear here to
speak, abusing the patience oi the Senate?
That is an impossibility, as I have already sug-
gested. It may be that moro than two may be
required. I have known civil actions and I
have known criminal cases in. which it was,ab-
solutely necessary that more than two should
be heard. Whether more than two may be
required here, or more than three, I do not
know. In all human probability thatmay pos-
sibly be the case; but who should decide it?
Who but the party accused himself? Sir, in.my
judgment, it ought to be left entirely open.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I fear I
misunderstand the honorable Senator from
Connecticut. I think I do ; and I hope I do.
He seems to speak as if this twenty-first rule
contained a limitation upon the time allowed
the counsel of the accused upon the final hear-
ing of the case here. He speaks about four
days being a very reasonable time to allow coun-
sel. Why, sir, there is nothing of the kind in
the rules.
Mr. DIXON. I spoke of the limitation on
the number.
Mr. HOWARD. The twenty-first rule al-
lows counsel any length of time they may see
fit to use on both sides. It allows the same
length of time to be used by the counsel who
open the case on the respective sides. There
is no limitation.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, in arguing that one counsel should open,
