3630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
ThePRESIDENTjH'o tempore. Thatorder
will be entered.
Mr. F11EL1NGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1129.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the morning business
through?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
hear of any more. If there is any more it
must be attended to, as the morning hour has
not expired. The Senator from New Jersey
moves that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R, No. 1129) for the
relief of the widow and children of James A.
Mulligan, deceased.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
not proceed to the consideration of that bill at
this time. I have no objection to the bill. I
believe I am in favor of it from the statement
that has been made to me ; but I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion which I have moved to take up, and if
the Senate shall choose not to take it up my
duty will have been performed, and I shall
leave it then ; but that is a resolution which is
to regulate the counting of the electoral votes
from the States lately in rebellion, and to pro-
vide that the loyal governments set up by
Congress shall be the ones that shall be recog-
nized in that count, not the rebel ones that the
President of the United States claims to be
the true governments. I hope, therefore, that
the Senate will not proceed with this private
bill, but will take up the joint lesolution 1
have named, which, if it is to be acted upon at
all, must be acted upon now, obviously. That
is all 1 have to say.
Mr. FREL1NGIIUYSEN._ The bill which
I have moved to take up will occupy but a
very few minutes, and then the Senator from
Vermont can proceed with the consideration
of the resolution that he has named. There
is nothing so pressing about it that we cannot
take a few minutes to pass this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. There are a great many
private bills that ought to be considered, and
we ought to have a day set apart for their con-
sideration. The bill referred toby the Senator
from Nebraska, and also the one that the Sen-
ator from New Jersey has in charge, are very
important, and I should be glad to vote for
them both as private bills; but there are sev-
eral public bills that ought to be considered,
and if wo cannot proceed with them after one
o'clock we ought to proceed with them in the
morning hour. I have one in my hand now,
and there are several others. I think we should
not allow the morning hour to be spent on a
private bill at this time, but should have a day
set apart when wc can consider them all.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, the morning hour belongs to private
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from N ew Jersey.
The motion was not agreed; to there being
on a division—ayes fouf, noes not counted.
evening session foh private bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That being given up, I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the joint resolution I have named, a
joint^resolution (S. R. No. 139) excluding from
the Electoral College votes of States lately in
rebellion which shall not have been reorganized.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senator from Ver-
mont if he will yield to me long enough to
enable me to submit a motion with a view of
accomplishing a purpose which the Senator
from New Jersey and myself and others have
in view? I desire to make the suggestion to
see if it will meet the approbation of the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the motion ?
Mr. THAYER. I will state it: that we have
an evening session this evening to consider
the bill which I have named, for the relief of
Mrs. Jones, and also the bill in favor of Mrs.
Mulligan, and other private bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this joint resolution
can be laid aside informally for that purpose,
I have no objection.
Mr. THaYER. I move, then, that the
Senate take a recess to-day until half past
seven o'clock this evening, in order to consider
the bills which, I have named and other private
bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sena-
tor to fix the time of taking a recess ; that the
Senate at five o'clock take a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
Several Sknatoks. Say half past four.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. From live o'clock will
give us two hours and a half, which I think will
be ample.
Mr. THAYER. Very well; I will put my
motion in this form: that the Senate take a
recess at five o'clock until half past seven
o'clock, for the purpose of considering in the
Gvening the bills that I have named and other
private bills.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator say
half past fouro' clock ? That is a better hour.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let it stand as
it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate take a recess at five o'clock
until half past seven o'clock this evening for
the purpose of considering private bills.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, announced that
the House had passed the following bills, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate :
A bill (H. R. No. 263) to extend the juris-
diction of probate courts and of justices of the
peace in the Territories of Idaho and Mon-
tana ;
A bill (H. R. No. 348)'to provide for hold-
ing terms of the United States district court
for the western district of Missouri at St.
Joseph and the city of Kansas in said States;
A bill (H. R. No. iitj) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to create the eastern judicial
district of the State of New York," approved
February 25, 1865 ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 10-16) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works, and for other pur-
poses.
electoral votes of late rebel states.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 139) excluding from the Electoral Col-
lege votes of States lately in rebellion which
shall not have been reorganized. It provides
that the States of Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas,
respectively, shall not be entitled to representa-
tion in the Electoral College for the choice of
President or Vice President of the United
States, and no electoral votes shall be recog-
nized or counted from any of such States,
unless at the time prescribed by law for the
choice of electors the people ©f such States,
pursuant to the acts of Congress in that behalf
shall have since the -1th day of March, 1867,
adopted a constitution of State government
under which a State government shall have
been organized and shall be in operation, and
such State shall have also become entitled to
representation in Congress pursuant to the acts
of Congress in that behalf.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the joint resolution with an amendment, to
insert after the word "operation," in line four-
teen, the following words:
And unless such election of electorsshallhavebeen
held under the authority of such constitution and
government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I regard
the joint resolution under consideration as one
of very great importance. I think that some
legislation on this subject is necessary ; but as I
did not, in the Committee on the Judiciary,
agree to the joint resolution in the shape it is
reported, I think it proper that I should state
to the Senate the reason why I did not.
It seems to me eminently fit and proper that
some bill should be passed in regard to those
States which shall not have been restored to
their practical relations to the Union before
the adjournment of Congress; but it is a very
delicate subject to deal with. In my judgment,
no more delicate questions than those involved
in this very resolution, taken up in the morn-
ing hour, will come before Congress at the
present session.
If it should so happen that the result of the
presidential election shall depend upon the
counting or not counting of votes from the late
rebel States, and such a count should be made
as to declare the election of a person favorable
to the political views of those who make the
count, the opposite party will be very likely to
charge its opponents with having made a par-
tisan decision. In my judgment, no discretion
should be left to the President of the Senate,
or to the Senate and House of Representatives
in counting the presidential vote ; and if a
discretion is left to determine from what States
votes may be counted and from what States not,
this country may again be involved in a civil
war on the question of inaugurating a Presi-
dent. It is upon such questions that people
go to war. Nearly all tne revolutions in the
South American States grow out of the elec-
tion of their presidents.
While I am in favor of a bill which shall
state distinctly from what States votes shall not
be counted, if there are any such States—such
a bill or joint resolution as we passed four years
ago, and applicable to the States of Texas,
Mississippi, and Virginia, assuming now that
neither of those States will have perfected their
State organizations in time to be recognized by
Congress—I am utterly opposed to any bill
which shall leave to the discretion of Congress,
when it counts the electoral votes in February
next, to count votes from Arkansas or Florida
or not as it shall think proper; and yet we have
a joint resolution that is proposing that very
thing. In myjudgment, theState of Arkansas
is as much a State of the American Union,
with all the rights and privileges of a State, as
is the State of New York or the State of Illi-
nois, and it has the same right to vote for
President as any other State of this Union. I
want no joint resolution or bill of Congress
passed which shall put it in the power of the
canvassers of the electoral vote3 to receive a
vote from Arkansas or not as they shall please.
This resolution, it will be seen, provides:
That the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, tteorgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas, respectively, bhall
not be entitled to representation in the Electoral Col-
lege for the choice of President or Vice President
of the United States, and no electoral votes shall
he received or counted from any of such States,
unless, &c.
Why pass a joint resolution that no electoral
votes shall be counted from the States of Ark-
ansas and Florida any more than in regard to
New Jersey and Illinois, or Vermont aud
Massachusetts? It is saying, in myjudgment,
to the people of those States, " Your votes for
President may or may not be counted in the
next presidential election." It is saying to the
rebel element in those States that Congress
has some doubt about the stability of the gov-
ernments which have been inaugurated, and
if they can succeed in overturning them, or if
they can get up a revolution, no electoral votes
shall be counted from those States. I want to
regard the action of Congress in recognizing
the State governments inaugurated in Arkansas
and Florida as a finality, as conclusive and
ended, and I do not wish to say to those people
that we have any apprehensions that any other
governments are to be recognized there. Why,
sir, it would be but civil war if any party in
Arkansas to-day should undertake to maintain
a State governmentin opposition to that which
Congress has recognized as the legitimate gov-
ernment of that State by admitting its Senators
and Representatives to seats here. It would
