1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
as I understood, feaid that in a certain remark-
able historical case four days were exhausted
by one counsel, and several days by another, as
a reason why only one should speak,
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear in
mind that I stated that fact in reply to the
Senator from Oregon, who had suggested that
it would be impossible, that we could not rea-
sonably expect that counsel would speak more
than one day, that it was physically impossi-
ble. To that I replied that history showed the
contrary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts misunderstood me
in supposing that I said it was physically im-
possible for a lawyer to address a court for
more than one day. I said it would be phys-
ically impossible for two or three counsel to
consume any great length of time. When an
attorney commences a speech he may be sup-
posed to exhaust himself in two or three days'
discussion.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought you spoke about
somebody talking eight days before you.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir ; I beg the Sen-
ator's pardon. He knows very well the ease
to which I referred. It is a case in which he
was personally interested as one of the parlies.
I simply alluded to the fact that in that c<ise a
question of law was discussed for eight days,
as evidence of the fact that attorneys might
consume a very great length of time. Butthcrc
were a large number of attorneys concerned in
that case, and they all discussed the question.
It involved millions of property, and the case
finally came to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HOWARD. The sole object of the
twenty-first rule is to limit the number of coun-
sel that may be heard on either side upon the
final hearing of the case upon its merits. It
allows two counselors to each party to be heard
before the high court of impeachment upon
the merits of the case after the evidence is all
in and closed. Do Senators desire to have
more than two counselors on that occasion on
either side ? It is a simple question: is not this
a reasonable number of lawyers to address us
on that occasion? Would the Senator from
Connecticut allow the accused or the managers
of the House of Representatives to introduce
any number of lawyers upon this floor that they
may see fit to introduce, and consume our
time here from day to day by wrangles among
counsel, by words without knowledge, spend-
ing the time without necessity, and to the great
injury and detriment of the public interest ? I
know he would not.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator is mistaken. I
would in the final argument allow the House
of Representatives to be heard by as many
counsel as they thought proper. I would leave
it for them to judge. But, if the Senator will
allow me a single moment, he will acknowl-
edge withme that, afterall, there is a difference
in the position of the accused. It is custom-
ary and proper to allow the accused to say what
he can in his defense; and even after convic-
tion and before judgment is pronounced he is
often called upon to add to what he has already
said. He is asked if he has anything to say
why judgment should not be pronounced.
Mr. HOWARD. Nobody would deny to the
accused in person the right to say whatever he
pleased so long as it was respectful to the court;
but let me ask the Senator would he, if he were
an accused person here, feel at liberty to call in a
hundred lawyers to consume our time by use-
less wrangling. each one of them being allowed
whatever length of time he might see fit to con-
sume in his argument? I ask him further is
there a court on earth, in any civilized or any
barbarous country, that ever allowed an unlim-
ited number of counselors to address them.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is trying to
make the Senate determine the rules that the
court ought to determine and enforce.
Mr. HOWARD. That is another question.
Mr. GRIMES. No Senate ever before at-
tempted to establish any such rule. It has
invariably, in all impeachment trials, both in
this country and in Europe, been fixed by the
court and by the court alone. And now, with-
out knowing what the specifications are going
to be, without knowing what the defense is
soing to be, without knowing what is the evi-
dence upon which any of these specifications
are based, why should he undertake to say that
there shall bo only one counsel or two counsel
heard either on the part of tke prosecution or
on the part of the defense?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senate is endeavor-
ing to adopt a series of general rules applicable
to all cases of impeachment. Have not the
Senate the same authority, in the judgment of
the Senator from Iowa, to establish rules for
the government of that court that the court
itself would have?
Mr. GRIMES. I think not.
Mr. HOWARD. I think they have precisely
the same authority.
Mr. GRIMES. I think when the Senate
resolves itself into a high court of impeach-
ment it is then for the court to determine the
rules as to the admission or the exclusion of
testimony, and not for the Senate to deter-
mine beforehand. It is for the court to de-
termine as to the number of counsel they may
feel that it is to the public interests and that
their own consciences require shall address
them, based upon the law and the facts as
they shall be presented to them on the trial,
and not before.
Mr. HOWARD. The difference between
the honorable Senator and myself appears to
be this: that he holds that the Senate, sitting
as a court, have the sole right to prescribe
rules for the regulation of their proceedings,
and that the Senate, not sitting as a court of
impeachment, have no such authority.
Mr. GRIMES. I insist that the court should
do what all impeachment courts have done iu
the past—should establish for themselves the
rules for the admission of evidence, and say
ho\v many counsel they think the public inter-
est require should address them on either
side atter the facts and the law shall have been
presented to them and they know what the
specifications are.
Mr. HOWARD. Wc can bring this allocu-
tion, if you please to call it so, to a termina-
tion. Does the Senator from Iowa hold that
the Senate, as we sit now, have no power
under the Constitution to prescribe rules for
the regulation of the Senate when sitting as a
court of impeachment? Have they or have
they not authority to do it? That is the ques-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. We have the authority to
regulate certain rules, and we transcend our
duties when we undertake to establish the law
that shall govern the Senate when it sits as a
court, in regard to certain acts, in regard to the
admission of testimony for example.
Mr. HOWARD. If they have a right to
make a rule iu one case they have a right to
make it in another.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Michigan
asked me if I was in favor of having a hundred
lawyers multiply words, darken counsel, on this
subject. I ask the Senator if that is a fair
statement of the question before the Senate?
Of course I do not desire any such thing. He
puts it to mo whether in case! were the accused
party I should desire any such thing. My iu- |
terests would prevent it. 1 should desire just \
as many counsel to appear for me and speak to i
this body as would be beneficial to my cause,
and 1 should desire to judge myself in regard
to that.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator then would
allowthe accused to employ as many counselors
and lawyers as he saw lit, and would require
the court to listen to them all whenever they !
should see fit to address it. I
Mr. DIXON. I should desire that, and I ]
should suppose if I employed fifty or one hun- ;
died men by so doing I sealed my own con- I
demnation. I believe it. No man would do I
that. The Senator knows that very well. The
Senator knows very well that that is not the
question befoie the Senate. The question is
whether the party accused in that trial, the
greatest that the world ever saw 
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. DIXON. Then I will say one of the
greatest trials this world ever witnessed, where
questions the most momentous are to be de-
cided, questions that we cannot foresee, ques-
tions which that Senator, with all his ability,
cannot begiu to foresee. Questions of vast
importance may arise here. Who can tell?
One of the highest officers in the world is to be
tried before this great and solemn event—an
event which should be approached by us with
solemnity aud with a desire to do strict and
impartial justice, as I know that is what the
Senator desires. Now, sir, what is the prop-
osition? Here, at this stage, before we hear
the testimony, before we know what the ques-
tions are before us, to say positively by an
iron, unyielding rule, that the accused party
shall be heard by only two counsel, ana the
other side also. I do'not hesitate to say that
we are bound here to take as much care of the
rights of the accused as of the other side. I
am willing to stand upon that position. I do
not wish to confine the accusers to two coun-
sel ; I would leave them to judge for them-
selves ; but I certainly would not confine the
accused. He has certain privileges and certain
rights, as every accused party has, which are
well understood in courts of law, and espe-
cially in this civilized age.
This matter can be settled when we have
heard tho testimony, when we know the points
before us ; we have some reason to suppose
now that they will consist of ton charges. We
do not know that much ; perhaps I am wrong
in that assumption ; but when we have heard
the testimony, and know the questions raised,
then it will be time enough for us to say to
this distinguished accused party, "You shall
only be heard in such and such a manner."
We shall have full power then. Why not post-
pone the question ? Why bind ourselves now
on this question? Perhaps then it may be
necessary; 1 do not know. It may not; I can-
not nowsay. One Senator has said thatitisnot
the custom, that no instance has been known
where more than two or three counsel have
been heard. Now, sir, I say that you may
look through the English reports, in ordinary
civil actions, and you will find in repeated
numerous instances three, four, five, and even
six counsel have been heard. You will see that
in eases reported in the old English reports
without limitation.
Suppose when the House of Representatives
come here, that they should find this a more
important and more solemn prosecution thau
even_ they now suppose ; suppose they should
find it necessary for more than two or three of
their managers, if they speak themselves, to be
heard ; suppose all seven should wish to be
heard. I would not deny them the privilege.
I would hear them respectfully, and I should
desire to be instructed by what they might say.
But, sir, when the accused asks us to be heard,
we turnaround and say, "No; four days is
vast delay; we cannot give you that time;
there is a historical instance m which a great
oiator exhausted four days ; if we have here
three counsel, it may take twelve days more
time than we can give !"
^ I will notsay that this is not decent for the
Senate, but it seems to me that it is not proper.
So it strikes me. I may be mistaken. Other
Senators are responsible for their votes; I am
responsible for mine. I desire to give both
parties, in the final hearing, all tho time
they may require, and I am not afraid to say
that [ desire to give the accused party all the
time he may desire, and let him judge for him-
self. If he, acting under erroneous advice,
should come here aud attempt to speak against
time to postpone our decision fur a day or two
days, he will have the misfortune of injuring
his own cause, and he must take the responsi-
