198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
that was known in the East. That country has
been exhausted. Twenty-five years ago we
derived our breadstuff's from Ohio. Now that
has been exhausted. Those States do not
produce more breadstuff's than they consume
themselves, and the grain-growing region of
this country is exceedingly small and is not
increasing as rapidly as population. It is
bounded uearly when you mention the States
of Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, and Wisconsin.
Mr. RAMSEY. Minnesota, I would sug-
gest.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Minnesotais
only partially developed. It is doing well, and
will do better I have no doubt in due time.
Now, Mr. President, I do not say that this
grain-growing region will be exhausted as
quickly as New York and Ohio have been;
but I say that, confining themselves almost ex-
clusively to gram growing, the time will come
when they will be exhausted. With the pop-
ulation that is thronging to them they will
soon produce no more than what they will
require for the consumption of their own peo-
ple ; and we ought, therefore, to be willing that
manufacturing establishments should be lo-
cated in all parts of our country—in the South,
and in the West—and if we can only allow this
tax to remain upon cotton and give a corre-
sponding drawback upon manufactured goods
we shall most assuredly accomplish the object.
It takes less skilled labor to spin cotton
yarns of the coarser sorts and to weave coarse
cottons, sheetings, aud drills, than for other
purposes; aud it takes less capital also to
establish those manufactories. If this shall be
done we shall find that capital will go into the
South, will go into the West, and those estab-
lishments will be located and dotted all over
the whole face of the country, and that in a
very short time. Europe affords a market for
yarns alone to an immense amount. We have
it in our power to monopolize the lion's share
of the trade in the cotxon manufactures of the
world. We have it in our power to increase
our commerce so that it shall exceed that of any
nation on earth through this very potent power
ofcotton, for it is king in one respect. We have
a better soil upon which to produce it than
there is to be found on the face of the earth.
There is no spot on the globe where cotton can i
be produced in so large an amount, at so little 1
cost per acre, or with so little labor, as in the j
United States; nor of so fine a quality, as my |
friend from Maine suggests. * I
1 know that our chairman suggested that our I
Special Commissioner of Revenue had recom- !
mended this measure. That is true; he has
so recommended it this year, and I am sorry
for it, for his reputation and for ours. I
point to his elaborate and exhaustive report of ,
two years ago, with a large amount of most :
valuable testimony taken trom those who have
most intelligence upon this subject through"
the country ; and I undertake to say that that
report of his is unanswered by this later swift
and brief report, made at whose instance and
upon what data 1 do not pretend to know.
'1 he commissioner this year reverses his whole ]
theory. He avers : I
" At the same timo it has been generally assumed
in almost all previous reports and debates on the i
subject tnnt ttic tux on cotton wasntempuiary uieas-
uie, eullcd forand only to be detended on the ground !
ot iiie necessities ol the nation." I
i deny it. I say it was not intended, cer-
tainly m> far as my own action was concerned
or that of anybody that I ever understood to
advocate ihe tax, as a mere temporary affair.
1 deny it so far as the Commissioner was con- :
cerned, and 1 think I can prove this by his own I
report. He also this year says :
"But, be the causes what they may. it may be
affirmed that, where India cotton formerly bore the
relation of one half to two thirds the value of Amer-
ican. it now bears the relation of two thirds to three
fourths, while a portion of tho crop is fully equal '
to middling uplands for the manufacture of heavy
labncs."
I deny that, Mr. President. I undertake to
say, and 1 believe I can prove, that there is as
great if not greater relative difference between i
the price of India cotton and American cotton to-
day as there was five, or six, or seven years ago.
It is entirely a mistake to send forth any such
opinion as that here recorded. Now, to show
what the Commissioner's former opinions were,
allow me to read from his report made two
years ago. I read from the report of 1865—00:
"It would thus appear to be demonstrated by the
above statistics—and thedemonstration is confirmed
by all the collateral evidence that can be obtained—
that, while cotton may be grown in various parts of
the world, the United States enjoy a practical mo-
nopoly of the best cotton lands, coupled with a suffi-
cient supply of labor to make a full crop, and while,
to produce the large crop of 1860, tho United States
had under cultivation less than two per cent, of the
area of the cotton States, yet. under the stimulus of
four prices, the other parts of the world have, dur-
ing the war, been unable to till the gap eauscd by the
cessation of the cultivation of that small part of our
terr'iory."
This was sound, statesmanlike doctrine two
years ago, and it is far from obsolete now.
He is not quite right about the two per cent.
It is not so much as that. There is' but about
one and .three fourths per cent, of the entire
South that is devoted to the cotton frop—not
an area aggregated together larger than the
States of Vermont, and Rhode Island put to-
gether ; and yet it is in effect proposed to con-
fine the whole people of the South to the culti-
vation of that small amount of land by stimu-
lating that at the expense of all else. Why
not let their industry be diversified? Why not
encourage them to engage in raising something
else and in making up their raw material, and
thus give them a chance for more wealth and
a better support? Why not, like Kentucky,
encourage them to raise horses and mules and
stock and hemp and tobacco and other things?
I like to speak of Kentucky, for she used to
entertain most loyal and statesmanlike views,
although at the present time, in relation to
slavery, she is very much like the old and silly
goose having a nest in the bank of a river, who,
when the freshet came and washed the eggs
out of it, still remained upon the top of the
water paddling over the nest, though the eggs
had disappeared a long time before. In Ken-
tucky they are still paddling over the nest of
slavery, although slavery went off a long time
ago. Ere long, however, we may expect that
gallant State to assume the proud position in
our country to which it is entitled by virtue of
its fertile soil and genial climate and its gallant
race of men. I should like to see the whole
South diversified in like manner with Ken-
tucky. Does any one prefer the system of
South Carolina or Mississippi ? But to return
to the Commissioner. Another of his state-
ments, and I read now from his former report,
was this:
"In view of the statements above made, and the
evidence taken, (a copy of which is herewith ap-
pended to this report, and to which special attention
is requested, particularly to the answers to the ques-
tions relative to the expediency and the rate of tax-
ation,) the commissioner would recommend that from
and after July 1,1868, a tax of five cents per pound
be levied and collected upon all cotton raised in tho
United States."
That was his recommendation two years
ago. Five cents a pound—not three nor yet
two and half. It was to tnke effect from and
after July 1, 1860. He makes no intimation
about its being temporary. He then said:
"With a crop exceoding three million bales per
annuin, it will probably be found expedient, in view
of a possible excess of production throughout the
world over the demand for consumption, (which high
prices must limit,) to reduce a five cent per pound
excise to a lower rate."
That is to say, it might be reduced below
five cents, but not that it should be abandoned
when the crop should exceed three million
bales. He then went so far as as even to be
in favor of an export duty. That certainly did
not look like a temporary measure! He said:
"If the levying and the collecting of an export
duty on cotton are within the jurisdiction and con-
trol of Congress the Commissioner would not hesitate
to recommend the enactment of this measure; and
in any event it seems to them desirable that Congress
should not be deprived of so important a privilege
in relation to the regulation of our commerce."
Right here allow me to say that it is the
practice of many nations who have any article
or productions to send abroad wherein they
enjoy even an approach to a monopoly to levy
an export duty on them. China levies an
export duty on its tea. In India itself an
export duty is levied upon cotton : true, not a
large one, but it is something. It is the fact
here, too, that the rebel States under their
confederacy had an export duty. They changed
their constitution so as to allow them to levy
an export duty ; and if they had succeeded in
their attempt—if Jefferson Davis had not been
compelled to retreat in something besides male
attire, or if he were now reigning in that re-
gion—the people there would be no better off.
They would have certainly as large an amount
to pay in the way of an export duty as we put on
in the shape of a tax, and probably much
larger. The confederate government at one
time, I believe, raised something like twenty
cents a pound in gold upon cotton, and yet we
only propose to raise two and a half cents in
currency.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the price of
the article, and I take the Commissioner's own
report for 1805-66. What did he then put
down the price of American cotton in Liver-
pool at? In 1860 five and three fourths pence,
and East India cotton four and one eighth
pence. The latter is much more than one half,
and indeed more than two thirds, of the former,
so that his statement that there was a larger
difference formerly is not sustained by his own
report. To make it two thirds only the India
cotton should be fourpence and the Ameri-
can sixpence. In 1864 he puts the price of
American cotton at twenty-seven and a half
| pence, and of East India cotton at nineteen and
i one fourth pence, or a difference of eight and
' one fourth pence a pound—a larger difference
than before, when to sustain his last report it
should be less, for this is three years after the
i war had commenced.
! But, sir, I desire to give a little later intelli-
gence on this subject, and I give it to you from
■ the London Economist, showing what the price
was in Liverpool on the 5th and London on the
0th of September last, for it was the same in
each place. The price then was—for ordinary
upland cotton eight and one fourth pence,
Mobile eight and one fourth pence, and New
Orleans eight and one fourth pence ; for mid-
dling upland tenpence, New Orleans ten and
one fourth pence, and Mobile ten and a half
pence. The price of Surat cotton at the same
time varied from five and three fourths pence
to six and one fourth pence.
That does not show that there is any less
difference now than there was when he made
his former report two years ago. It shows that
there is even more difference. It shows a pro-
portion of about sixpence to tenpence for
middlings, and about fivepence to eightpence
on the ordinary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proportion is not
so great.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.- The propor-
tion is greater, I take it. The Senator cannot
have remembered the statement the Commis-
sioner gave two years ago as the prices of 1800.
According to the report of the Commissioner,
it was for American five and three fourths
pence, and for Surat four and one eighth
pence, a difference of one and five eighths
pence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state to the
Senator from Vermont that I have taken the
pains to get the price of cotton at Liverpool
and also at New York.# Since the quotations
read by him for September cotton has gone
down nearly fifty per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am aware
of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The prices now are for
middlings abroad from seven and one fourth
to seven and a halfpence instead of ten and a
half pence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And India cotton has
gone down in proportion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes: all cotton has gone
down in the same proportion.
