1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
40th Coug..2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Hubbard.
Ho. op Beps.
existence of anything includes and confers the
right to destroy it is too preposterous for argu-
ment. The assertion of sucli a proposition in
the present emergency of the country is well
nigh usurpation itself. I will not, however,
pursue this branch, of the argument further
now.
But, sir, conceding that Congress lias all the
power claimed, for it in. this bill, and in all the
acts to which it is amendatory, is it expedient
to exercise this power in such a way? I main-
tain thai it is never expedient in this country m
a time of profound peace to place the civil 111
subordination to the military power; to over-
ride by congressional action the will of the
people in their local and domestic affairs; to
overthrow legally existing^and republican State
governments by military force and to even dis*
organize society itself. The bill we are con-
sidering proposes to do all these indeed, more
than alfthese—for when these things are accom-
plished it proposes lo govern the people of
the States affected by it by merely arbitrary
and flagrantly usurped power.
Sir, in agreat emergency like this, with a great
Government disorganized, with every important
interest imperiled, when we are just^ entering
on a new era in our history, I do insist that it
becomcs the representatives of the American
people to act in this matter, not with passion,
not with feelings of hatred, not with feelings
of revenge, but upon some elevated and well-
defined line of policy clearly authorized by our
common Constitution, and which will stand
the test of criticism in future ages.
Mr. Speaker, when f obtained the floor I
did not expect to detain the House half so
long as I have done. The interruptions of the
gentleman from Ohio have induced me to oc-
cupy more time than I intended.
1 sought the floor merely to protest, as I
have heretofore done, against this whole scheme
of congressional reconstruction, from first to
last, and to denounce its revolutionary charac-
ter and tendencies. I yield to no one in my
anxiety to see all the States again restored to
their former relations to the General Govern-
ment. To accomplish this is our first great
duty. Bat, sir, when this shall be done, I
desire to see it well done. I want to see it
done in a way that will not require standing
armies within the borders of these recon-
structed States to keep the peace within them.
We cannot afford to do hasty, revolutionary,
and experimental things in so delicate and so
important a matter. Caution to that extent
at least ought to be inspired by common pru-
dence and a common danger.
Keconstructloi).
SPEECH OF HON. R. D. HUB BAUD,
of connecticut,
In the House of Representatives,
January 17, 1868.
The House having under consideration the bill (H.
E. No. 439) additional and supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to provide for tho more efficient
government of the rebel States," passed .March 2,
1867-
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut,, said:
Mr. Speaker: I notice that whenever the
attention of honorable gentlemen on the other
side of the House is challenged to the constitu-
tional questions arising under this bill we are
met with sneers and taunts and grimaces. To
all these I have no answer to make except one
of silent contempt. I shall, therefore, make no
apology to the House for giving the remarks I
am about to offer a constitutional direction,
because the bill under consideration reaches
down into the lowest foundations of law and
free government. No human government can
be truly and permanently free that is not a con-
stitutional government. Outside of this there
is, on the one hand, absolute despotism, or
else, on the other, popular chaos, crime, and
anarchy.
Now, sir, whenever the Constitution or any
portion of it is battered down, no matter
whether by the shock of rebel Slates in arms,
or by overriding popular commotion, or by
audacious usurpation on the part of any one
or all of the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment, all the securities of freedom are
destroyed; we are then in the midst of revolu-
tion, and when we come to revolution it mat-
ters but little whether the instrumentalities
employed are the brute force of sword and
bayonet or the brute numbers of an accidental
majority in Congress. Now, sir, I start out
on the discussion with this proposition, that
the bill before the House is a measure of revo-
lutionary usurpation, and I will add, in my
deliberate judgment, a measure of flagrant,
defiant usurpation. I do not intend to stand
upon this mere generality. I shall challenge
the attention of this House to the proof of it.
Nor shall I need go far to find my witnesses.
They are present in court and on the stand.
I reter to the language of the first section of
the bill in proof of the position I have just
taken—"the so-called civil governments in
said States, respectively, shall not be recog-
nized as valid or legal State governments either
bv the executive or judicial power or authority
of the United States." This, sir, is a most
pregnant clause. It is full, crowded, and over-
flowing with untold and immeasurable mischief
to the Constitution and Government.
Why, I demand, is this clause incorporated
in this bill? Why has this Congress attempted
to hurl this audacious and impudent prohibi-
tion at the Supreme Court of the United
States? Why have you attempted in the open-
ing section of the bill to strike dumb the
learned judges on the bench of that august
and venerable tribunal? The reason is obvi-
ous, it is confessed. You know—you find in
the law of your own minds and consciences
the conviction and assurance that when this
measure shall come before the Supreme Court
that court will pronounce it unconstitutional
and void. To that end you attempt to gag the
Supreme Court. That great tribunal, intended,
as Alexander Hamilton declared, "as an in-
termediate body between the people and the
Legislature, to keep the latter within the limits
assigned to that authority" that great tribu-
nal of the Constitution stands in your path.
It is an "impediment" in the way of your revo-
lutionary schemes. You must "go through it."
By a bill which has already passed the House
you have presumed to require six out of eight
judges to pass on the question of the constitu-
tionality of your acts. In so doing you have
assumed supreme dominion over the Supreme
Court. You have sapped_ it of all its marrow
and life as a free, constitutional, coordinate
branch of the Government. You have estab-
lished yourselves—the accidental majority in
Congress—as the supreme, irresponsible despot
of tho Government.
Have you not done enough already? What
further mischief remains ? Why, sir, in addi-
tion to all this, in addition to emasculating—
aye, sir, emasculating—the judiciary, you now
propose by the bill before tho House to pro-
vide that not even by the unanimous voice of
tho judges shall the Supreme Court undertake
ever to pass upon the validity of this bill. You
propose to deprive the judicial mannikins who
of your mere grace and mercy sit on their
judicial seats of- the power of passing on
the political felony you are about to commit
upon ten States of the Federal Union, lliis
is the power you propose to usurp over an in-
dependent and coordinate branch of the Gen-
eral Government. When this act shall have
passed the mere shell of the Supreme Court
will be left, nothing more ; the mere husks ol
the judiciary, nothing else : the mere gowns
of the judges, nothing besides. Make clean
into the chamber where that grave tribunal
sits and disperse the judges; they are a useless
expense, an "obstruction." Why cumber
they the benches of justice?
Now, let me suggest to the better judgment
of the House whether it would not be more
manly, more decent, and decorous to simply
pass the other sections of this bill, and then
let it be challenged, it'need be, by the Supreme
Court. If it cannot stand the constitutional
scrutiny of that tribunal, in God's name let it
fall. If it can, then the majority of this House
will have had their own will and way in the
premises.
The learned gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bistgham,] for all whose qualities and acquire-
ments I have great admiration, except his
polities and his law, has seen fit to say that the
Supreme Court of the United States has already
determined, in the case of Luther vs. Borden,
that when the legislative department passes
upon the question of the rights and existence
of a State the judicial power is absolutely con-
cluded by the determination of Congress. If
this be so why thrust a gag into the mouths
of the judges? If tho law has already been
so decided why put this insulting prohibition
on the supreme judicial tribunal? But I deny
that any such decision has been made. If
Mr. Justice Taney had announced such a doc-
trine as that then I might possibly agree with
the eloquent gentleman from Ohio that there
was some resemblance between our late Chief
Justice and the miserable Jeffreys, who was
obliged to seek refuge from the indignation of
London in the fortress of the Tower. If such
a decision had fallen from the Supreme Court
I would appeal, sir, from such a decision, not
to the people—for I do not agree with the gen-
tleman from Ohio tliat the Supreme Court, is
the creature of the people, and may be pulled
down and built up with every changing popu-
lar election—I would appeal to the Supreme
Court itself, as the creature of the Constitu-
tion, to reconsider and reverse a judgment of
sucli intolerable and manifest injustice and
error. .
Now, sir, if, as the gentleman from Ohio
claims, and as this bill raost assuredly assumes,
Congress may pass conclusively and finally
upon the question of the existence of a State,
what follows? This, obviously, and nothing
less Ihan this : Congress may, in its discretion,
abolish the State which I have the honor to
represent—one of the glorious thirteen which
achieved onr independence and formed ^ the
Constitution. The great giant of the West,
which, 1 may be pardoned for saying, some-
times exercises iu the House a giant's strength
for questionable purposes—the great giant of
the West, holding the majority in this House,
might abolish all the eastern or the middle
States, and, according to tlie doctrine laid down
by the gentleman from Ohio, there would be no
remedy except that which might be found in
party revolutions. Now. sir, 1 do not acknowl-
edge that my right as a Representative on this
floor is dependent for its existence upon the
breath of the nostrils of gentlemen on the other
siue. I deny the power of the majority in this
House to expel my State from the Federal
Union. She is not the creature of this Con-
gress. Rather, sir, she is one of the sover-
eign creators of Congress.
If 1 thought the existence of my State as a
member of the Federal Union—if I thought
my seat on the floor of this House were de-
pendent upon the will of this Congress I would
willingly retire from its presence; I would turn
my back on the Capitol; I would abandon my
habitation in the valley of the Connecticut
and plant mv household gods on the polar side
1 of the St. Lawrence under the shadow or
I the British monarchy, where I might und the
' securities of liberty regulated m some sort at
'least bv constitutional law. let this bill as-
sumes as its fundamental principle and postu-
of the judges, nothing besides. Make clean | sumes as as !la, the rirfxt
work, I beseech you; send your military satraps ll late that the majority m Congress has the ngixt
