1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3631
be but revolution. The Supreme Court has
decided, all the departments of the Govern-
ment have decided, that Congress, when it
admits Senators and Representatives under a
State organization, thereby decides what the
proper State organization of a State is. That
was decided in the lihode Island case. There
was an attempt to set up two State governments
in Rhode Island, and the Supreme Court de-
cided in that case that when the Congress of
the United States had admitted Senators and
Representatives from one of those State organ-
izations that was conclusive and binding upon
all the departments of the Government. Now,
we have admitted Senators and Representa-
tives from a portion of these rebel States.
We have, therefore, settled it finally and for-
ever that the State organization under which
those Senators and Representatives came here
is the legitimate organization for the State,
and I do not wish to pass a law declaring that
the electoral vote from those States shall not
be counted unless—what ?
" Unless at the time prescribed by law for th e choice
of electors tho people of such States, pursuant to the
acts of Congress in that behalf, shall have, since th o
4th (lay of March, 1867, adopted a constitution of
State government under which a State government
shall have been organized."
Well, sir, have we not decided that already
as to Arkansas and Florida? Is it to be left
an open question, to be decided again in Feb-
ruary next when the vote is counted, whether
they-have adopted constitutions and State gov-
ernments? Did we not decide a few days ago
that the State of Arkansas has adopted a con-
stitution and State government in accordance
with the reconstruction acts, and have we not
admitted Senators and Representatives from
that State ? If we have so decided, why is it
to be decided over again, unless it is intended
to vest in the President of the Senate or the
two Houses of Congress at that time, a revis-
ory power to count or not the electoral vote
from that State? I submit that that is a settled
matter; that the State of Arkansas has already
' adopted a constitution of State government
since the 4th of March, 1867, under which a
State government has been organized and is
in operation. But, says this joint resolution
farther :
"And unless such election of electors shall have
been held under the authority of such constitution
and government, and such State shall have also be-
come entitled to representation in Congress pursuant
to the acts of Congress in that behalf."
Now, sir, these facts all exist and have been
settled except one. A constitution has been
framed in Arkansas; a government has been
organized in Arkansas in conformity to the
reconstruction acts, and t.he State of Arkansas
has become entitled to representation in Con-
gress pursuant to the acts of Congress in that
behalf. Why do you want to pass upon that
again ? Is not th at all settled ? But then there
is another clause:
"And unless such election of electors shall have
been held under the authority of such constitution
and government."
' I hardly know the meaning of this clause,
for it will be observed that the constitution of
a State has nothing to do with the mode of
electing the President. A President of the
United States is to be elected by electors chosen
in the several States in the manner provided
by the Legislature, not by the constitution of
tho State. The Legislature of each State in
this Union is created, it is true, under and by
authority of the constitution of the State; but
when created it is vested with authority to
appoint electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, not by virtue of the
constitution of the State, but by virtue of the
Constitution of the U-nited States. Iheboay,
the Legislature, being created, the Constitution
of the United States devolves this power upon
it. The language of the Constitutiotl is:
"That ench State shall appoint, in such manner as
the Legislature thereof may direct, a number oi
electors equal to the whole number of Senators and
Representatives to which the btate may be enti-
tled in the Congress."
And again:
" The electors shall meet in their respective States
and vote by ballot for President and Vice President,
one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant of
the same State with themselves; they shall name in
their ballots the person voted for as President, and
in distinct ballots the person voted for as Vice Pres-
ident, and they shall make distinct lists of all per-
sons voted for as President, and of all persons voted
for as Vice President, and of the number of votes for
each, which lists they shall sign and certify, a.nd trans-
mit sealed to theseatof the Government of the United
States, directed to the President of the Senate; the
President of the Senate shall in the presence of the
Senate and House of Representatives open all the
certificates and the votes shall then be counted; the
person having tbegreatest number of votes for Presi-
dent shall be the President, if such number be a
majority of the whole number of electors appointed."
Now, what has the Congress of the United
States or the President of the Senate to do in
canvassing this vote? Simply to open these
sealed packages or lists containing the votes
of the electors who are appointed in the mode
prescribed by the Legislature in each State,
and the votes are then counted in the presence
of the Senate and House of Representatives,
and the person having the largest number of
votes, if a majority of the whole, is declared
to be elected President of the United States.
This is all that the President of the Senate is
authorized to do, and all that the Congress of
the United States is authorized to do. Each
State, through its Legislature, determines the
mode of appointing electors of President, and
it is competent for any Legislature in any of
the States of the Union to appoint the electors
without submitting the question to a vote of
the people at all. Formerly several of the
States appointed their electors in that way;
and the State of South Carolina, until a very
recent period, down, I think, to the breaking
out of the rebellion, always appointed herelect-
ors for President and Vice President by the
Legislature. It would be competent for any
State to do that, and all that is to be done
here is to canvass the votes of these electors ;
that is, to open the packages containing the
list of votes given by the electors and count
them.
Now, we have a measure providing that no
votes shall be counted from certain States. I
ask why? I ask the Senator from Vermont
why is it necessary to pass an act of Congress
declaring that a vote shall be counted or shall
not be counted from the State of Arkansas ?
Is not tho State of Arkansas as much a State
of this Union as the State of Vermont; and if
such a measure as this is to pass, why not in-
clude the State of Vermont and the State of
Illinois? I am sure the Senator from Vermont
regards, as I do, the action of Congress in rec-
ognizing the existing State government in
Arkansas as the legitimate State government
of that State; and I am sure that he would be
as ready as I would to exert the whole power
of this nation, if it became necessary, to put
down any organization hostile to that State
government in Arkansas. The State govern-
ment which has been recognized in that State,
and in the State of Florida, is to be maintained
and must be maintained at all hazards and at
every cost, or else you cannot maintain this
Government; and I want no "ifs" and no
"unless" about it. I would make no pro-
vision for counting the electoral vote of the
State of Arkansas different from that which
we make in regard to any other State ; and
that is the objection which I have to this
measure. It looks to me like a concession or
an admission on our part that there might be
some other government established in Ark-
ansas; some other government inaugurated
there hostile to the one which has been recog-
nized by the proper authority under the Con-
stitution of the b nited States.
I am unwilling to make such ft concession ;
I am unwilling to give color even to such a
suggestion. I think it is competent and proper
to pass a resolution that no vote shall be
counted from the State of Texas or the State
of Mississippi or the State of Virginia, and
why? Because there is no State organization
existing in either of these States through
which it is competent for it to vote for Presi-
dent. There is no Legislature existing in either
of these States, and can be no Legislature
existing in either of them which has authority
to provide for the appointment of electors of
President and Vice President until Congress
shall so determine. Congress has said that the
existing organizations in those States are pro-
visional only; that they are without legal
authority; that, they are acting in subordina-
tion to the military power; and until some
other State government is inaugurated which
is recognized by Congress as having the power
and authority of a State government neither
of those States can, as a matter of course, vote
for President and Vice President; and, there-
fore, I should be in favor of this joint resolu-
tion if it provided that no electoral vote should
be counted from either of those States which
Congress had not recognized; but as to the
States which Congress has recognized, it seems
to me invidious to make such a provision ; and
it looks to me, though I do not suppose the
Senator from Vermont intends that, as if it
might be construed as vesting same sort of
discretion in the Congress of the United States
to count or not to count the electoral votes
from these States ; and I do not want it to have
any other discretion in regard to Arkansas than
it would have in regard to Vermont. I wish
to treat these States all alike; and I think we
shall encourage opposition to our reorganiza-
tion measures if we pass a joint resolution _ of
this character. I move to amend it by striking
out in line four of the joint resolution the
words "Florida" and "Arkansas."
Mr. DAVIS. I am gratified, Mr. Pres-
ident 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
morning hour has expired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Maine to let that unfinished business lie over
until we can dispose of this joint resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it would not
lead to debate, and we were simply to take the
vote, I should not interpose. Bat the Senator
from Vermont knows thatit is quite necessary
that the bill under consideration should be con-
cluded, and go to the House of Representa-
tives, as there are many amendments that will
lead to a conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to discharge my
whole duty, as my friend from Illinois has
occupied all the time so far, and the Senator
from Kentucky is to aid him, I move that the
appropriation bill for the time being be laid
aside in order that we may proceed with the
consideration of this joint resolution, for the
reason, as I have stated, that it is a measure
sure to be vetoed ; there is no need of dis-
guising it. The President cannot be logical
unless he does veto it, and I do_ not suppose
he will veto the appropriation bill. I do not
think I shall do my duty unless I make this
motion in order that the Senate may determine
whether they will dispose of this measure or
not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the unfinished business be
postponed for the purpose of continuing the
consideration of Senate joint resolution No.
189.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems to me
it cannot be good economy of time for the
Senate to postpone one of the regular appro-
priation bills now almost finished to take up a
matter in regard to which debate is likely to be
so extensive and general as has already been
indicated this morning in regard to the measure
of the Senator from Vermont. It is for the
Senate to say whether they are willing to
postpone the appropriation bills involving the
appropriation of millions of money ta a period
when they cannot be thoroughly considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend knows that I
have no disposition to antagonize this against
that; but this is a measure that ought to be
