J£68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2mt
bates in Congress. I wish to know whether
the gentleman meant himself to intimate that
this equal footing of the States with each other
upon their admission is a thing that is required
by the Constitution ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will answer the Sen-
ator if he asks my opinion. I say most cer-
tainly I think so.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the honorable Senator,
then, to point me to the clause of the Consti-
tution which requires it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. President, I shall follow the example of
the Senator from Pennsylvania in making my
remarks upon this bill very brief, because I
hope there will be a vote to-day, so that we
may have the question disposed of. My view
of this ease is confined simply to regarding it
as a sequence or appendix to the act of March
24, 1867. By the terms of that act, commonly
known as the military reconstruction bill, we
provided for certain acts to be done by these
rebel States. Those acts were clearly defined.
All of them were expressed in legal language.
For the purpose of ascertaining whether the
people of the State of Arkansas have complied
with these conditions I will read the fifth sec-
tion of that act, which provides:
"That when the people of anyone of said rebel
States shall have formed a constitution of govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution of the
"United States in nil respects,framed by aeonvention
of delegates elected by themale citizens of said State
twenty-one years old and upward, of whateverrace,
color, or previous condition, who have been resident
in said State lor one year previous to the day of such
election, except such as may be disfranchised for
participation in the rebellion or for felony at com-
mon law, and when such constitution shall piovide
that the elective franchise shall be enjoyed by all
such persons as have thequalifications'hereinstated
lor electors of delegates,and when such constitution
shall be ratified by a majority of the porsons voting
on the question of ratification who are qualified as
* electors for delegates, and when such constitution
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval, andCongressshall haveapproved
the same, and when said State, by a vote of its Legis-
iaturc, elected under said constitution, shall have
Adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Oon-
prese, and known as article fourteen, and when said
ni tide .snail have become a part of the Constitution
■ of the United States, said State shall be declared
entitled to representation in Congress."
And then we provide that these Senators
and Representatives shall be admitted. Now,
sir, every condition, every qualification im-
posed by the act which authorized the loyal
people in these States to form a constitution
and government for themstelves has been com-
plied with, and you have no right, in justice
or honesty, to add additional qualifications.
These qualifications were prescribed after the
most careful deliberation. You took all the
guarantees, all the guards, and all the securi-
ties that you deemed advisable. You had the
undoubted right then to prescribe terms and
conditions to these people. They were at your
mercy. Their governments had been over-
thrown by war. Congress, as the law-making
power of the country, had the right to impose
terms and conditions upon these people; and
you did it, and they have complied literally
with every qualification and condition you im-
posed upon them. Now, sir, it is not right,
in my judgment, even if we had the power, to
add additional terms or qualifications.
What is the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri? After these people have done all
we have required of them, after their constitu-
tion is perfect, so far as there are any state-
ments here made, when by its provisions it
secures liberty, equality, and justice; when
tiie whole machinery of the government is in
the control of the loyal people, when no
distinction is made by that constitution on
account of color; when the constitution itself,
has been ratified by the people and is approved
by Congress, what right have you to impose
upon them additional conditions, and say that
unless their Legislature subsequently elected
shall do so and so we will not admit them?
You did state, as a condition of their admis-
sion, that their Legislature elected under the
constitution should meet together and adopt
the constitutional amendment called article
fourteen. What right have you to go further
now, and say that the Legislature shall again
meet and shall again adopt  
Mr. CONKLING. It was provided that the
other States should also adopt the constitu-
tional amendment before any of them should
come in.
Mr. SHERMAN. But that is a matter we
may waive if we choose. If Senators say that
none of these States shall be admitted until
all of them, or a sufficient number of them,
have adopted the constitutional amendment,
that is one thing. I can see that that ground
may be technically tenable; but it is a suffi-
cient answer even to that that a bill has come
to us, and I believe is now in the Judiciary
Committee, which provides for the admission
of a sufficient number of States to comply with
that condition, and unless we put the two bills
together we must take one before the other.
It seems to me, therefore, that that is a new
point suggested by the Senator from New York
not now made in the case.
Mr. CONK LING. If the Senator will par-
don me for one moment, I do not make it as a
point; I merely suggest it to him. If this was
put on the ground that the State was entitled
to admission because the conditions-precedent
had been complied with, we then should find,
scrutinizing the bill, that one important thing
provided for in the act of March 2, 1857, had
not, in fact, occurred. I did not make it as a
point.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may be that that tech-
nical objection could be made; but, as a mat-
ter of course, if we act upon these constitu-
tions severally, one by one, we must act in
anticipation of the action of a sufficient num-
ber to adopt the constitutional amendment.
But practically this is of no consequence, be-
cause we know that a sufficient number of
States have either already adopted the consti-
tutional amendment or are in process of doing
it; and we must take, therefore, the facts as
they are likely to arise. Now, I say, it is not
right or just, after the people of this State, in
all forms, by their convention and by their
Legislature, have agreed to comply with every
term, and condition you have imposed upon
them, to impose any others.
In regard to the bill as it came from the
House 1 see no objection to it, because I think
the stipulation or " fundamental condition,"
as stated by the House, substantially comes
within the meaning of the Missouri condition,
as stated by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania. 1 believe that when a class of people
have the right in a State government to vote, a
portion of the people cannot deprive them of
that right; that it would be wrong to change
the constitution in that particular. It would
be very difficult indeed'to limit the power of a
State to change its constitution, and I agree
with what was said by the Senator from Illi-
nois that the mode and manner of enforcing
these stipulations would be very dlfficultindeed.
Congress may, or either House may, deny the
admission of members from a State that has
absolutely refused to comply with the funda-
mental conditions attached to its admission;
but that is a question neither here nor there.
I should be willing to vote for the bill with
the qualification; I should be willing to vote
for the admission of Arkansas without this
qualification. They have already put this pro-
vision in their constitution, and I want no more
guarantee. I do not believe it is possible in the
nature of things ever to deprive the colored
people of any of these southern States of the
right to vote. To attempt to do it would be so
great an outrage that it would create civil war,
contention, and strife; and I do not fear it at
all. But I do not object to this bill because
it contains that stipulation, for it is in harmony
with the precedents. It simply guaranties to
the people there who now form this govern-
ment and their descendants the right to par-
ticipate in that government now and here-
after. I do not believe that right is in dan-
ger ; but if, in the opinion of any Senator,
this additional.clause will give an additional
guarantee to the people there that the govern-
ment shall not be so changed as to deprive a
portion of the people who have participated
in frami ng that government of the right to vote,
I am willing to give it to them by an act of
Congress. It is in accordance with the pre-
cedents, and it comes within the meaning of
the very rule so clearly stated by the Senator
from Pennsylvania; that is, that the purpose
of this Union is to secure to each State equality.
If any of the older States should attempt to
deprive any portion of the people who par-
ticipated in the formation of their State gov-
ernment of the right to vote, that would be an
infraction, as I believe, of the spirit of the
Constitution; it would be anti-republican. But
that case has not arisen. From the foundation
of the Government to this time the tendency
has always been toward the extension of the
elective franchise, and to broadening the basis
of all the State governments. From the fram-
ing of the Constitution no step backward has
been made ; and I do not fear that any of us
will live to see the time when any portion of
the people of any State will be deprived of a
right which is given to them by the constitu-
tion of the State. The tendency in this coun-
try is all the other way, and until we turn our
course backward and go up stream toward
despotism, there is no danger of any portion
of our people now possessing the right of suf-
frage being deprived of that right by the action
of a State. Local jealousy or a spirit of caste
may prevent a State from extending the elect-
ive franchise when it is demanded by common
sense and by the march of events; people may .
pause and hesitate in conferring the elective
franchise; but there is no step backward in
this process, and there is no danger at all, in
my judgment, of any portion of the people of
the United States now possessing the elective
franchise being deprived of the right of suf-
frage.
I shall vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri as unjust in itself, de-
laying the admission of this State until this
matter is sent back to the Legislature to com-
ply with new conditions, and then when they
have sent them back here we shall probably
impose others, and they will be denied the
right which we have tendered them. It seems
to me it is unjust. The clause as sent to us by
the House seems as unobjectionable as any we
are likely to have. Although this clause may
not be very effective, if in the opinion of any
Senator it will tend to secure to the people of
these States and their descendants the right to
participate jn their government, I am willing
to vote for it.
Indeed, it seems to me that we ought
promptly to act upon the admission of all
these States, and let them all in. We have
done all we can possibly do, and I believe we
have successfully secured to the loyal people
of the southern States the control of the polit-
ical power in those States. Eventually that
political power will rest in the majority of the
voters there, without any disqualification on
account of rebellion or caste or color. We
must depend upon that. But for the present
we have done all we could to secure to the
loyal people the supremacy in the State gov-
ernments, and we ought, in accordance with
the spirit and in harmony with our form of
government, to leave to those people their
local government, and withdraw the superin-
tending control and power of the national Gov-
ment, except as to such matters as arc by the
Constitution placed within the sole and exclu-
sive authority of the national Government.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, disapproving
both of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Missouri and of the condition attached
to the original bill, I desire at this time, if it
be in order, to perfect the text of the original
bill by moving an amendment to that bill m
order to obtain a vote, before the question shall
be finally had, upon the principle of attaching
any condition whatever.
Mr. DRAKE. Before die ionorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut offers that, I desire to
