1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
what have been the precedents on that subject,
but I expect that the Senate will discuss that
proposition before it is agreed to. I do not see
why the Senator from Michigan asks us to sit
here at an inconvenient hour. My proposition
is to take a recess, that we may decide upon all
these rules, so far as we have not decided, to-
night. I do not ask that they shall lie over
until another day; but it is more convenient
certainly to take a recess and to- come back at
half past seven than to stay here two or three
hours at this time.
Mr. DIXON. I suggest to the Senator to
say seven o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not care whether
it is seven or half past seven; that is a matter
of indifference to me. I will say seven o'clock,
however.
Mr. McCREERY. It is after five o'clock,
and I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, that the Senate take a recess until
seven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am one of
the number, I suppose, that are referred to as
having been voting in a body. I have voted
against several rules that have been proposed
by the committee; and I gave that vote upon
this consideration: each rule that I voted against
denied to a party impeached some privilege
that the criminal practice of the State of Ken-
tucky allows to every criminal. I can state to
the honorable Senator from Vermont and to
the Senate that in every case of crime of any
great interest, and especially a capital crime,
1 have never known the argument of the case
on the part of the defense by a less number
of counsel than three, and it is often by live.
I agree with the Senator from Indiana that in
the management of the case, if you introduce
more than two counsel, if they are competent
counsel^ you embarrass the case and you weaken
the prosecution or the defense. But it is not
so always in the argument of cases of import-
ance. It is a universal practice in the criminal
courts of Kentucky that where a case of inter-
est involving capital punishment is under trial,
and the accused desires it, he is heard by at
least three counsel in his defense.
Mr. President, I have learned this fact in
relation to impeachments: that they are to be
treated with more liberality on both sides than
the stringent practice and forms and rules of
proceeding in criminal cases, and that those
rules which are introduced into criminal cases
to economize time have never been resorted to
as a general rule in the trial of impeachments.
It seems to mo that all the modes of proceed-
ing and all the practice in eases of impeach-
ment ought to be more liberal, ought to be
more free from restrictions, and especially
technical restrictions, and restrictions simply
to save time, than criminal prosecutions. And
yet the honorable committee that have reported
these rules of proceeding and practice are re-
stricting the proceedings in this and all future
cases of impeachment much more rigorously
than is known in the criminal practice in the
courts of Kentucky.
I suppose, however, it is not in order to
bring illustrations from my State. I know that
they have no moral influence with some gen-
tlemen, and especially with the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, who boasts that he is a Ken-
tuckian by birth, for he seems to intimate that
this case is prejudged by all Kentucky. 1 sup-
pose he means that portion of Kentucky that
is resident in the State, and not that part of it
that is resident in the State of Illinois,,unless
he intimates that we have prejudged on one
side and he in fact has prejudged on the other.
But I humbly submit that if the accused in this
case, or in any other case of impeachment—if
a member of the Supreme Court, if you please,
a member of the Cabinet, if you please, or a
person in humbler office, is impeached before
the Senate upon a charge of high crimes and
misdemeanors, if he desires to be defended in
argument by three or more counsel, he ought
not to be restricted to two. I have my full
justification in voting against all the rules that
I have voted against on the present occasion
in knowing that they are restrictions upon the
liberal .practice of some of the courts, and
especially of my own State, in all criminal
cases; and, therefore, I feel justified in having
voted against them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I agree precisely with
both Senators from Kentucky as they have
expressed themselves. I never heard in my
own Slate ot an accused party being prevented
from being heard in his defense by any num-
ber of counsel he chose to bring to the bar.
I have had, on the part of the State, to try a
case for eight days in succession, I may say,
day and night; and 1 have had three or four
counsel arrayed on the opposite side; and I
believe, if the accused had asked it, ho would
have been heard by twenty counsel. The courts
in my State have allowed every counsel se-
lected by an accused person for his defense to
be heard in his defense. I believe it is right
here, not because it is the case of the distin-
guished individual that we are informed is to
be brought before us for trial; but if it was the
humblest individual of the laud who is subject
to impeachment he ought to bo heard by as
many counsel as he thought proper to bring
before this body.
I cannot allow myself to believe that any
Senator on either side of this Chamber has
prejudged this case; and any intimation, so
far as I am concerned, lhat 1 have, and thai
I have voted according to the wishes or opin-
ions of anybody else, is perfectly gratuitous.
If it be true, as alleged, tliat certain Senators
have voted in a body, it is ulso true lhat others,
who have not been included by the expression
in that body, have voted with us, and thereby
showed their appreciation of justice upon a
case of this kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomjb-
itosr in the chair.) The question before the
Senate is on the motion to amend, made by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.j
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts what his amendment
means.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts is not at present in his seat.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Inasmuch as the lan-
guage of the amendment does not explain it,
wc shall have to go without an explanation.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that it may be again
reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert at the beginning of the-tw enty-
first rule the words "the case on each side shall
be opened by one person, and;" so that the rule
will read:
The ease on each side shall be opened by one per-
son, and the limit argument on tlie merits may be
made by two petsons on eauli side, and the argument
shall be opened and closed on the part ol the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HOWARD. I see no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I rather think it had better be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, if it is to be
adopted, I want to know what it means. I do
not understand it. Does it mean that two
counsel shall open the case?
Mr. HOWARD. No ; one counsel.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, how many, I ask
the Senator from Michigan, does this limit
contemplate ?
Mr. HOWARD. This amendment speaks
of one counsel on each side.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know the amend-
ment speaks of one counsel, and then it leaves
the rule as reported by the committee, which
speaks of four counsel.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; then it would
follow, would it not, that one counsel opens
the ease for the House of Representatives, and
two counsel, who may be different persons, il
close the case for the House of Representatives
on the final hearing. There are three, and the
same on the other side. Therefore three coun-
selors on each side may be heard.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That I do not think is
right. I wanted to know if that was what it
meant.
Mr. HOWARD. That is what it may mean.
That may be- its practical application.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If there are three coun-
sel on each side, then, so far as my experience
goes, the equitable rule is that the counsel
holding the affirmative opens ;_ he is followed
then by one of the counsel; he is then followed
by two of the"counsel for the defense; then one
of the counsel for the prosecution ; then the
closing speech for the defense; and then the
closing speech by the prosecution; so that
there shall be but one speech unanswered.
There ought not to be two speeches unanswered
in the ease. I never knew it otherwise in any
case that I was concerned in.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts being compelled to leave the Cham-
ber, asked me to look a little after his amend-
ment and give an explanation of it, if th,at
should be necessary; and therefore I feel
bound to say a word to the Senator from Indi-
ana, who evidently entirely misapprehends the
meaning of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The design of the Senator from Massachusetts
is this: as these rules stood without his amend-
ment, it was thought that upon the commence-
ment of the trial there might be a difference
of opinion between the honorable Senator from
Indiana and myself, for example, as to whether
the opening of the case was provided for at all,
or not. Why? Because rule twenty-one re-
lated to the final argument upon the merits;
of course, meaning what is called in the courts
to which I am accustomed, the summing up
of the evidence after it is delivered ; and rule
twenty related to preliminary and interlocu-
tory questions and motions. The Senator from
Massachusetts thought that when the managers
came here and rose to open their case and had
proceeded an hour perhaps the Senator from
Indiana or some other Senator would say,
"This now is a proceeding, a question falling
within the first of these two rules ; it is a pre-
liminary or interlocutory matter, and therefore
to be restricted to an hour." That there might
be no question about it, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes that the two rules shall
stand precisely as they arc now, the latter of
which rules gives to counsel the right to sum
up the evidence at any length they please, be
it a day or four days or ten days each; but _
that before the evidence has been delivered, *
before the witnesses are called, that explan-
atory statement which is called "an opening"
shall be made by one person on each side, one
manager on the part of the House of Repre-
sentatives in the beginning, and one counsel on
the part of the respondent after tlie evidence
for the prosecution is closed and the respond-
ent comes to make his case. To cover that,
the Senator from Massachusetts interposes this
rule between the two, (leaving the previous
rule to operate upon interlocutory matters as it
docs,) to provide for the opening of the case
on each side respectively before the evidence
is delivered, and then to leave to counsel to
sum up, or close the ease, or, in the language
of the rule, to make the "final argument on
the merits ' at any length they please. That is
the meaning of it, as 1 understand it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Y\ itlx that explanation
1 have no objection to the proposition. If it
means just this: that when tke managers on
the part of the Hou:e first appear, and before
the case is gone into at all, the House, through
one of its managers, shall state its case in law
and m fact 
H1"' PP^KLIXG. That is what it means.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And then tlie defend-
ant, through one of his counsel, shall state his
defense in law and in fact, and the evidence
then being heard, in the final argument, the
rule, as reported by the committee, shall gov-
ern, I have no objection to the amendment.
