200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 16,
worth about twelve cents; and in New York
about fifteen cents. I have the official record,
taken from the Commercial Record of Satur-
day last, showing that the price of ordinary
cotton was as low in New York at one time
last week as thirteen and a quarter cents, and
of middling, the ordinary kind, about fifteen
cents, the average being about fifteen cents,
and at New Orleans about two cents less. At
Liverpool the price of middling Orleans is
quoted at seven and a quarter pence ; so that
the price of cotton has gone down to very near
the standard of prices before the war. It is
manifest that to make this production pay a
tux of two and a half cents a pound, equiva-
lent to about twenty-five per cent, on its raw
cost, is a species of tax unlike any other in
our system of taxation.
Cotton is the only agricultural production
that now bears a direct tax. We have repealed
the great mass of taxes upon our home indus-
try. Comparatively but very few articles of
manufactures now bear the burden of internal
taxes. This is the only agricultural produc-
tion that is taxed. It was defended two years
ago on the ground that we had a monopoly of
the production of cotton ; that our advantages
of climate and soil gave us substantially a
monopoly. But, sir, king cotton has proved
to be a very unstable support in many partic-
ulars. The South believed that cotton was
king, and that they could establish a Govern-
ment founded upon slave laWor producing cot-
ton. They found themselves mistaken. All
the commercial world believed that when the
crop of cotton was cut off by the civil war
and by the successful blockade of the southern
ports England and all the countries of the
world would have a cotton famine, and that
the very necessity which bore upon them to
get cotton would compel them, willingly or
unwillingly, to break the blockade and thus
reach the southern ports; but instead of that
the remarkable spectable was presented that
in three years sufficient cotton was produced
to meet the full supply in the English market.
Before the war the United States supplied
eighty-five per cent, of all the cotton manufac-
tured in England, and all the other countries
of the world supplied but fifteen per cent. At
the close of the war the United States only fur-
nished eight per cent, of all the cotton used
in England, and all the rest was furnished by
new productions forced in various parts of the
world. It convinced everybody that Provi-
dence had so scattered its blessings over the
world—the varieties of soil and climate favor-
able for the production of all the cereals, all
the grains, and all the necessary productions
of life—that if one market was cut off for a
time other markets would be supplied.
I have before me a table prepared by Mr.
Wells and also a report made by Mr. E. It.
Mudge, the commissioner of the United States
to the Universal Exposition at Paris in 1867,
which show very conclusively that in the year
1864 the whole course of the cotton trade had
been reversed; that instead of England getting
eighty-five per cent, of her cotton from the Uni-
ted States, at the close of the war she got but
seven and a half per ceut., and that by running
the blockade. But then it was supposed that
after industry was restored to the southern
States the advantages in the South would
enable us again to supply the world with cot-
ton, and we have had two crops since the war
closed. The result has been, however, that the
improved machinery adopted in England, the
improved culture of cotton in India, Brazil,
and other countries, and the adaptation of the
machinery to the grades of cotton produced in
India, have given increased value to the India
cotton and the cotton of other parts of the
world; so that there is no longer the vital ne-
cessity'for American cotton that existed before
the war; and even now, when we have had two
reasonable crops, India cotton comprises a
little more than one half of all the cotton used
in England, ihe result is, that unless we can
encourage the production ofcotton in this coun- j
try, instead of discouraging it, we shall lose the I
market of the world and destroy the most pro-
ductive industry that we had in the United
States before the war.
It is only necessary to read these papers to
convince one of that fact. I shall not read
from the testimony of Mr. Wells, although it
has the additional weight that he has changed
his opinion on this subject. As my friend
from Vermont says, two years ago he argued
strenuously that a tax of five cents a pound
ought to be imposed upon cotton, and that we
would be able to collect it. Since that time he
has traveled over all the countries of Europe
where cotton is consumed; he is perfectly
familiar with the whole subject; it is made his
business as Special Commissioner of the Itev-
enue to collect statistics on this subject; and
now he gives to us his deliberate conviction,
after two years' examination, against his pre-
viously expressed opinion, that it is wise at
once to repeal this cotton tax; if we do not
we shall endanger the production of cotton in
this country. His report is supported by facts
and statistics which I shall not take up time in
reading.
But 1 will not rest the case here. It is some-
times more satisfactory to get the testimony of
men engaged in this business, especially where
we can rely upon them. From the mass of
letters that have come to me on this subject I
will read extracts from three or four from men
of the highest character, men whom I know,
and I believe those of them who come from
Ohio are known both to my colleague and
myself. They are distinguished soldiers who
went South after the war was over and engaged
in the cultivation of cotton, and involved their
fortunes and all that they were worth, and
probably much more than they were worth,
in the attempt to raise cotton. I have letters
here from them and others showing their ex-
perience and the actual fact in the production
of cotton in the South, one ortwo extracts from
which I will read. The first letter I read is
from a gentleman who stood very high in our
State, was a member of our Legislature, and
then went South to embark in the business of
raising cotton. Speaking of the influence of
this tax upon the negro population in making
them dissatisfied with their conditiun and dis-
satisfied with the measures- of reconstruction,
he says:
"The tax on cotton was used everywhere to induce
them to vote against a convention, and it was poten t.
When they were told that they realized nothing for
their year's labor because the Radical Congress had
taxed cotton two and a half cents per pound, and
other changes and embarrassments incident thereto,
making the whole equivalent to four cents a pound,
they became satisfied, and did not vote at allorvoted
'no convention.'
"That tax on cotton is a great mistake. It is con-
trary to every theory of our Government. Protection
to industry has been the theory of our past action,
but here is a law that can have no other effect but to
break down the cultivation of an important product,
one that we all need. Then, where is the justice in
singling out one agricultural product and taxing it?
No man who will reflect on the matter can justify
such a course."
Again he says:
"The present low price of cotton, with the extraor-
dinary expense attendingits culture thisyear, incum-
bered with the tax, renders the cultivation of it en-
tirely unremunerative to the proprietor and laborer.
Cotton to-day is nine cents per pound in Mississippi,
which will not pay expenses for cultivating thisyear.
I 1 am not talking in riddles; I know what to say. I
* am interested in the cultivation of cotton, and know
| precisely the expense of cultivating. "We have on
; our place the bc3t crop in the county, and made on
I the most economical principles, and yet it does not
; pay expenses of raHnpr. Our hands worked upon
! shares, and the result is they have nothing to live
j on this wintor, and wo realize nothing to make
i another crop out of. Will Congress tax our labor
I under such circumstances? I trust not."
J That is the testimony of Judge Brown, a man
. of distinction. I will read now a letter from
; General W'illard Warner, well known not only
lrl ?.ur. State, but in the Northwest, a general
of distinction in the Army, and who went South
also to risk the cultivation ofcotton. He says:
" We have all made cotton at a loss both last year
"Iflri Sf an(?,the future promises nothing better.
Ihe tax al Iconics off the producer,the planter, and
t helaborer. Indeed, it is verydoubtful whether, wit'i
the: tnx oft, we can successfully competc with India ■
and Brazil; and.tbelndianstapleissteadilyimprov- !
nig through the introduction of American seed. 1
" The tax is against the interest of tho planter, the
freedmen, (thousands of whom this year planted on
shares or rented land,) against the interest of the
whole country, by discouraging the production of a
great staple, against the interest of loyalty and the
Union party by driving from tho South every north-
ern man engaged in raising cotton, and two thirds
of those served in the Union Army three years or dur-
ing the war.
"With the closest personal attention both last
year and this I failed to pay expenses. Such is the
general fact.
"The tax is simply a wicked and inexcusable out-
rage on us."
That is the experience of these gentlemen
in two years. I will also read another letter
from a southern man who is vouched for to me
as a gentleman of character and standing.
His name is H. H. Armstrong, and he de-
scribes himself as follows :
"I am a native Georgian, for the Inst twenty-five
years been living in this State, (Alabama,) been en-
gaged in planting. Myself and sons are running two
plantations, but will lose money this year instead of
making anything. I am one of the disfranchised,
anxious for restoration, peace, and prosperity for
the whole country."
That is what he says for himself. His let-
ter shows the operation of the tax, and will
bear reading even to the Senate:
"I take tho liberty of writing you a letter upon
tho subject of the cotton tax, and hope that you will
use your influence infavor of its immediate repeal. I
could assign many reasons why it should be done."
* * * * "Sufficiopt for me to assure you
that we cannot make the etstcon and pay taxes with-
out being poorer at the end of the year than we were
at tho beginning. At the present prices which we
are getting for cotton it takes all of one fifth—-on o
bale out of five—to pay taxes, and of the poorer and
lower grades of cotton it takes about one fourth.
Middling cottons, best grade, arc selling for twelve
to thirteen and a half cents, including the tax of
two and a half cents, which has to be deducted from
that amount; our ordinary cottons—and this is the
class of the largest bulk of our cotton—nine to eleven
and a half cents tax to be deducted.
" Of this class of cotton it takes about one bale out
of four to pay taxes on the four. In addition to the
two and a half cents a pound tax we pay twenty-fivo
cents a bale to tho Government weigher and certain
fees for permits to ship, fifty cents for each set of
papers or permits. The revenue regulations clog and
delay the transit and shipment of the cotton, 'i'hero
are certain points in the collection district that tho
cotton is sent to in order that it may there be as-
sessed and taxes paid on it. The farmer has to sell
tho cotton in this market, or undergo the dclny, tho
time, and trouble of paying himself the taxes and
fetting permits to ship to a larger or better market,
ndeed there is none of us planters who can raise the
money to pay the taxes on our own cotton. Wearo
forced to sell in the firstmarket to raise money to pay
the taxes. I will illustrate by saying I have on my
farrn forty bales of cotton. I wish to ship it to Mobile
or Now Orleans. The revenue regulations requiro
that I first put the cotton in Montgomery, then call
on the Government weigher to weigh it and the as-
sessor to assess it. I can then put the cotton in bond
and forward it, or pay the two and a half cents per
pound. Bonding is attended with a good deal of
trouble. I conclude it is better to sell in Montgom-
ery at whatever price I can get ten bales of the forty
to get the money to pay the taxes on the thirtv. It
is utterly impossible for us to continue tho cultiva-
tion of cotton at presentprices and pay the tax; and,
as the end of the year is drawing near, it is a matter
of much importance to the planter to know how to
arrange for the next year."
That is the experience of a man engaged in
the business who actually pays one fourth of
his entire production as a tax, besides observ-
ing all these difficult regulations.
1 have here also the report of a gentleman
who was employed by tho Agricultural Depart-
ment to distribute cotton seed under the appro-
priation made at the last session of Congress—
Theodore C. Peters—and his testimony on
this point is weighty. No doubt, from the
character of the letter, he is a very intelligent
gentleman. Here is what he says:
As ageneralrulche found that industry in a most
deplorable condition, in the derangement of tho labor
system, in the di apidated condition of the planta-
tions, and the absence of food for man and beast
occasioned by the drum of tho last war, and every-
where the absence of capital which that war had
absorbed to an extent which a northern man cannot
realize except ho has been among these people, for
anything in the free States that
in tne laintest degree compares with the total wiping
out ot capital, as represented in the accumulated
protits oi years of prosperous industries, as the South
now presents.
spring the South was in a much better con-
dition financially than at present or than she will be
next spring, from the fact that, in addition to the crop
iS year before, she had a considerable surplus
2 SW accumulated during the war,
and which with the current crop brought compara-
tively high prices.
But a bad season for grain crops had left the
