THE eON-GKlSSIGNAL GLOBE.
modify my amendment, as ifc mky make some
difference in the judgment of Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be reported as medified.
The Chief Clerk read the first section of the
amendment, as modified, as follows, the second
section being unchanged;
That the State of Arkansas, under and with the
constitution thereof adopted in convention on the
11th day of February, 1368, and subsequently rati-
fied by the people of said State, shall bo entitled to
be admitted to representation in Congress as one of
States of the Union, whenever the Legislature
of said State shall pass an act agreeing on behalf of
said State to the following: fundamental condition
of'fcuch admission, to wit: that within the said State
there shall bo no denial of the elective franchise in
all elections by the people or ol any other rights to
any person by reason of race or color, excepting In-
dians not taxed; and that any violation bysaidState
of the terms of this condition shall authoiize the
exclusion of said State from representation in cither
House of Congress so long as such violation contin-
ues; and that all jaws or ordinances enacted or or-
dained in said State in contravention of this funda-
mental condition shall be wholly inoperativetheieiu.
Mr. FERRY. The proposition made by the
Senator from Missouri is a substitute for the
entiie bill. What I px'opose to do is to per-
fect the text of the biil by a motion to strike
out a part of the original bill, which I suppose
to be in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to amend the original bill before the
vote is taken on the substitute.
Mr. PERRY. The motion which I wish to
make is to strike out all of the original bill
after the word '• Union" in the fourth line.
Mr. JOHNSON. How will it read then?
Mr. FERRY. It will read as follows:
Hp it enacted, &c.. That the State of Arkansas ia
entitled and admitted to representation in Congress
as one ot the States of the Union.
Sir, I am of opinion that it is not in the
power of the Congress of the United States,
nor in the power either of the Legislature or a
convention chosen for the express purpose, of
the people of a State to make a compact
whereby the people of that State in future times
shall.be prohibited from altering or amending
their constitution. I do not wish to argue the
question ; bat I desire by my vote to express
the opinion which I thus entertain upon the
original condition in the bill as sent to us from
the House. If the Senate shall, upon such
vote, decide to retain the original condition, I
id ay then feel constrained by the present situ-
ation of public affairs to vote for the bill even
as it stands, although the Senate shall have
decided, against my opinion, to keep it in its
present condition. Such vote, however, will
be based in my own mind upon the conviction
that the "fundamental condition," as it is
termed in the original bill, is simply waste
paper, and utterly void.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I expect
to vote in such form as the bill shall- assume,
under the prevailing judgment of the Senate,
for the.admission of Arkansas; not, however,
with that faith which seems to inspire the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, and I rise because
1- was struck with one or two observations
made by him. He consoles himself by saying
that we have gone far enough to plaoo the
political power in this and the other southern
States in the hands of those deserving protee1
tion. 1 content myself now with saying that I
hope and trust events will bear him out.
Passing that, he proposes a ground upon
which we may consistently vote for this pro-
posed condition; and whether the vote I give
upon this condition is favorable to it or adverse
to it, I should like to know; and I should be
giad that we might all know the grounds upon
which we are proceeding. Really, I submit to
the Senator that the most ingenious, at least,,
ot'all devisable theories upon which this con-*
dition may be imposed, is that which ho has
suggested, namely, that it answers the pur-
pose sought in the Missouri condition and
raises up this State to an equality with the
older States, or reduces her to an equality, for
Otherwise she would be above it. He says, if
I understand him, that no State would have
the right by the of a portion of its peo-
ple to deprive any other portion of the right
of suffrage which theretofore they had enjoyed,
and in that way he says equality is conferred by
tliesewords, " Upon the following fundamental
condition: that the constitution of Arkansas
shall never be so amended or changed as to
deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States of the right to vote who are
entitled to vote by the constitution herein
recognized, except as a punishment for such
crimes," &e. It might, perhaps, be a suffi-
cient answer to this proposition to say that if
in truth and in law no State in this Union pos-
sesses that right or prerogative now, nothing is
to be accomplished by inserting this condition,
and verily, then, it would be in its utmost
extent, as the Senator from Connecticut said,
blank paper.
But, Mr. President, let us see -whether in
another light such one proposition as this can
stand for a moment. In the State of I ndiana,
for example—I think I am not mistaken in the
fact—all men otherwise entitled enjoy the elect-
ive franchise upon a residence of ten days,
and only ten days, within that State. Does the
honorable Senator from Ohio doubt that the
Legislature of Indiana may say to-morrow that
hereafter a year of residence shall be an indis-
pensable condition-precedent before the elect-
ive right shall ensue? And yet this proposi-
tion beyond all question would apply precisely
to such legislation as that. If Indiana has
that right; if New York has the right to say,
as she does say, that no man shall vote unless
he has resided a year in the S|ate, four months
in the county, thirty days in the district, and
ten days in the precinct in which his vote is
cast; and if every other State has the right to
regulate these provisions just as it pleases,
changing them with the shifting sands of pub-
lic opinion or public exigency, how can we say,
when we tie up the State of Arkansas and say
to her that in no one of these respects shall
she exercise a legislative discretion, that we
thereby confer upon her the prerogative of
equality, and that in that way we liken this
case to the case of Missouri.
Mr. President, I submit with great deference
to the Senator that that will not do, and- that
no man can wink so hard as not to see that
this is the plain proposition of imposing upon
a particular State a condition peculiar to it;
not a condition-precedent, which beyond all
question we have the right to impose—a right
which in the older debates was always con-
ceded—but a condition to continue to adhere
to that State not only during its minority, not
only during its territorial experience, but to
stick to it forever, like the tunic of Nessus.
That is this proposition, and I think, with the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, that we
should meet it fairly, meet it as the pioneer
case of these deranged and disordered States,
and meet it as a question likely to be of still
more importance than heretofore it has ever
assumed.
Mr. President, one other remark made by
the Senator from Ohio attracted my attention,
lie takes the ground, if I understand him, that
Arkansas has acquired a vested right, so to
speak, in admission at once to the Union.
Why, and how? Because, said the Senator,
we imposed with all the circumspection and
caution that we could observe in advance cer-
tain prerequisites, the understanding being that
compliance with these should be consummated
by admission, and that compliance having
occurred the consummation should follow.
If that be so it leaves really very little discre-
tion of any sort to the Senate. Certainly it
seems to me it does not leave us at liberty to
impose this condition, as I understand it. It
leaves us at liberty to do it as the Senator
understands it; because it would be a mere
flourish of trumpets, a mere piece of rhetoric
or of verbiage, as the case might be.
But can it be true that we stand 111 any such
condition as to Arkansas, that she is to be
admitted upon that ground at all? I pointed
out to the Senator one respect which seemed
to- in« important, in which no compliance has
taken place with the premises presupposed in
the reconstruction act. That act., which iS
not before me, says, in substance—I will not
venture to give the language—that this admis-
sion shall occur after the fourteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution has been not
only voted upon approvingly by the State
itself, but when, and not until, that article-baa
become imbedded in the imperishable bul-
warks of the Constitution itself. The Senator
says that is technical. Why. sir, is that- tech-
nical ? I am one of those who believe up to
this time—I have never been reformed in that
respect—that the best, the wisest, the most
effectual, the most all-sufficient plan and prop-
osition of reconstruction that we ever had,
that the ingenuity of any man ever suggested,
is comprised and bound up within this very
constitutional amendment, the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution ; and I con-
ceive that nothing is more substantial, noth-
ing is more radically important, nothing is
better entitled to be called the Aaron's rod of
this whole matter, swallowing up all other
things, than the consummation of that consti-
tutional amendment.
The Senate may answer it as matter of
fact in this case by saying, so many other
States are coming here in an omnibus bill as
is stated in the newspapers, which the other
House has passed ; "so many States are going
to enter in, that even according to all men's
arithmetic, three fourths of all the States will
have voted affirmatively, and then the con-
summation will be reached. Grant that, if
you please, as a matter of fact; but do not jet
us say that the absence of that consummation
is a mere 'technical, a mere formal, a mere
superficial defect. I submit that the word
"fundamental," which has entered so often
into this debate, is applicable to nothing more  
than to that.
Mr. President, I do not believe that we ar«
bound to admit the State of Arkansas. I do
not believe there is any one of these States
that stands in such an attitude as to demand
admission, foreclosing us from exercising a
wise discretion, an unrestricted discretion, -
within the limits of the Constitution, upon the
whole question. As 1 said, I expect to vote
for the admission of Arkansas, and I expect
to do it for reasons which 1 will not intrude
upon the Senate, but which I hope may approve
themselves by time. This has been an experi-
ment all the way. It seems to me the admis-
sion of this Stale is an experiment; it seems
to me that the admission of the other States is
an experiment which may result 111 such a way
as to put to confusion the faith of those gentle-
men who believe that we have already insured
in the hands of the loyal men of the South the
political power of that region. But, sir, 1 will
not go into that. I rose chiefly for the purpose
of distinguishing between what I conceive to
have been the argument in the Missouri case
and any arguments which can successfully be
made to vindicate this proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I move 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for two or three minutes.
Mr. WILSON. I propose now to move an
adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
an adjournment after I reply to one or two
observations of tlie Senator from New York.
Mr. WILSON. Very weil.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I desire
to make one or two ftbservutions in reply to
the Senator from New York, and I prefer to
! make them now, because otherwise 1 shall
; forget them before morning.
|i J-'Le Senator from New York, with a good
ji deal of ingenuity, endeavors to compare this
j! case with the case of the State of Indiana,
j! which, although not quite so liberal as he says,
ji is very liberal in allowing persons to vote there
ij who have resided in that State six months.
j; There is nothing in this clause that would pre-
j; vent the State of Arkansa; or any other Statu
j1 from changing its constitution in this or any
li other particular that did not amount to class
