84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
Ho. op Reps.
Beconstruction—Mr. Hubbard.
40th Cons....2d Sess.
at its pleasure to blot out any one or more of
our State governments, to exclude from Con-
gress their representatives, and that in the
presence of such a monstrous, such a gigantic
"wrong, every other department'of the Govern-
ment must stand dumb and paralyzed.
In view of such a provision in this bill I will
say, not that this Congress is infamous, but
that this bill is more than infamous.
Now, sir, I hold that every State in this Gov-
ernment is indestructible, except upon a dis-
solution of the Union; that its right to repre-
sentation in Congress, subject to the right of
Congress to judge of the qualifications of its
members, is as absolute and indefeasible under
the Constitution as the natural and inalienable
right of man to liberty, life, and property.
There is no law under the Constitution for the
murder of States at the will of a political ma-
jority in Congress ; and when such an act is
attempted it becomes the solemn duty of every
other branch of the Government and of every
citizen of the Republic to resist it, peaceably
if it may be, forcibly if it must.
Sir, this power of State destruction which is
claimed under this bill is the power of force
and robbery which rules barbarian hordes—■
"That they should take who have tho power,
And they should keep who can."
Under this rule States go down and rise
again with changing political parties; the mi-
nority is crushed beneath the despotism of the
majority. The stars ride in their courses be-
cause uniformity, order, and law reign in the
heavens; but tho devil himself could not inau-
gurate on earth a more complete pandemo-
nium of anarchy, chaos, and old night than
this bill would bring in if the principle of the
first section were accepted as the organic law
of the land.
Now, sir, let me come to another subject
which arises under this bill. I submit, in the
second place, this is a measure of revolution-
ary usurpation, because it attempts to strike
down the executive department of the Govern-
ment. I do iv>t stop to read that clause of the
Constitution which provides that the President
shall bet.he Commander-in-Chief of the Army;
it has already been many times read in course
of the debate. My excellent friend from Ohio
[Mr. Gammeld] seems to gather the power to
abolish the ollice of the Commander-in-Chief
from the constitutional authority of Congress
to " declare war," from its authority to "raise
and support armies," from its authority to
"make rules for the government and regula-
tion of tho land and naval forces." Sir, every
one of these powers may doubtless be exer-
cised by Congress, but no one of them can be
so exercised as to infringe in the slightest man-
ner on that other provision which ordains that
the President shall be the Commander-in-Chief
of the armies of the United States. Now what
is implied in this phrase " Commander-in-
Chief?" I wish to ask the attention of the
House for a moment to this question. I an-
swer, in the iirst place, every officer in tho
Army, not excepting General Grant, is the
military subordinate of the President, and, if
his subordinate, then of consequence subject
to his command. In the next place, as Com-
mander-in-Chief he has the authority to direct
and employ all the forces and instrumentalities
of war, and to this end to appoint officers and
assign them to their commands.
The learned gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwei.l] insists that all that is meant
by the term " Commander-in-Chief" is that the
President is to see that the laws are executed,
and that to this end he is to see that General
Grant peifonn the duties devolved upon him by
this bill. But .suppose the President should
come to the conclusion that the General fails to
execute the law. may the President remove him?
Who so stupid as not to know, or so disin-
genuous as not to confess, that the foremost
object and purpose of the bill is to prevent the
President from exercising any authority what-
ever either over the General of the Army or
over the southern States? How, then—will
the gentleman explain—is the President Com-
mander-in-Chief? How is he to see that the
laws are executed when his own subordinates
are authorized by act of Congress to disregard
and defy his authority ? Suppose, under this
bill General Grant should order Sheridan to
Louisiana. Suppose the President should find
a better use for him in the Indian country and
should order him thither, who is he to obey?
The General of the Army or the Commander-
in-Chief? or may he elect for himself whom he
will serve? I ask any man who recognizes the
President as Commander-in-Chief whether ten
thousand Grants could in such a case lawfully
stand between the President and the execution
of his order?
Sir, it is vain to^eny it; this bill shears the
President of the United States of his constitu-
tional office in ten States of this Union. The
bill does not intend the President shall touch
the execution of the law in those States. It is
to be passed for the very purpose of depriving
him of that prerogative. The express aim and
object of the bill is to depose him from his
oflice as Commander-in-Chief, to lay him aside
among the dead files of the War oflice, under
the eye of the impudent intruder who now dis-
graces by his effrontery both himself and the
War Department. I ft his office can be abolished
in ten States, as by this bill it is, then it can be
abolished in thirty-seven States. If you can
abolish it in thirty-seven, then you can abolish
the Constitution.
For the reasons I have given, therefore, I
protest against this bill. I protest against the
power of Congress to create General Grant or
any one else military emperor of ten States in
the Federal Union. And as some notices have
been served upon us from the other side of the
House I beg leave to give notice in return
that if General Grant shall take upon himself
the usurped powers conferred by this odious
law and executes them in a manner sufficiently
relentless and despotic to satisfy his political
masters, he will have taken a load upon his
shoulders that will break his back in the next
presidential election. I care not, what may be
his military reputation and services; he who,
after having fought for the integrity of the
Constitution, shall lend himself to a scheme for
the overthrow of the Constitution and the sub-
jugation of ten States to martial law and negro
dominion will, in my humble judgment, have
forfeited the gratitude of his country and the
luster of a great name in history. Let these
modern Mark Antonys, who are offering this
military crown to their modern Casar remem-
ber the verdict which history has passed both
on the ltoman Cassar and his selfish and pro-
fligate tool. It is but a single step from the
Capitol to the Tarpeian rock.
I have heard it said during this debate that
a political convention of the party with which
I act, during the course of the late war pro-
nounced it a failure. To that declaration I
did not then subscribe. But I do not hesitate
now to say that if tho execrable.principles of
this bill are to become the law of the land, if
the scheme which is now on foot is to be suc-
cessfully and permanently consummated, I
hesitate nst to say, though I did not believe it
then, that the war hsus proved a failure—a dead
and utter failure. For what purpose, let me
ask, was the late war with the rebellion carried
on ? For what purpose did you shake the con-
tinent with the heavy tread of a million of men
in arms? For what purpose were the Hood-
gates of the Treasury thrown wide open ? For
what purpose did a million of the people's
money flow out with every setting sun? For
what, I ask? Simply to determine this rule
of constitutional law that the Union was indis-
soluble and that no State could secede from
it; and for the purpose of vindicating that sin-
gle piinciple of constitutional law a half mil-
lion of men, counting the integrity of the Con-
stitution as of more value than treasure, life,
or limb, forsaking all things else—father and
mother,' wife and child—offered up their lives
upon the fiery altar of war. Sir, that consti-
tutional principle has been written into our
organic code with a sword for a pen and blood
for ink; and yet what do these reconstruction
measures propose? They proposethis: That
to-dav—when not a hostile bayonet is upturned,
not a'hostile foot in stirrup in the whole South,
when the rebellion has been ended for more
than two years—we should blot out of the
Union the very States to retain which in all
their "dignity, equality, and rights" was, as
Congress declared in 1861, the sole purpose
of the war.
Nay, more; these measures propose more.
They set the nation in the attitude of war
again—war against the vanquished. They put
the Federal Government to the exercise of
war powers—the employment of war machin-
ery. They suppress the writ of habeas corpus,
which by the Constitution can be suppressed
only in time of invasion or rebellion. They
establish martial law, which can only be estab-
lished within the lines of belligerent military
forces and in time of war. They abolish trial
by jury, the inextinguishable right of the citi-
zen in all cases and at all times except when
martial law is legally established. They quar-
ter standing armies upon the whole South.
They appoint a supreme military dictator over
ton States. They silence the voice of law in
the clamor of arms. They subject life, limb,
liberty, and property to the caprice of the
sword. Nor is this the worst. The makers
of the law demand its enforcement, not in mercy
but iu wrath. Now, I need not say it is a
settled rule that a public statute in derogation
of the right of the citizen is to be construed
with benignity. Yet notice has already been
given by the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee that the House is to be asked on Mon-
day next " to improve"—that, I believe, is the
word—"to improve the Army of the United
States" by removing General Hancock from
his command—the only man who has attempted
to exercise benignantly the powers conferred
by the reconstruction acts—the only com-
mander who has attempted to exercise his
military discretion in the interests of the citi-
zen and on the side of liberty and law.
Now, sir, let me ask what is the purpose of
this bill? It blots out, as I have said, the po-
litical institutions of ten States of the Federal
Union; and why? For the simple purpose of
Africanizing them. Why Africanize them?
Because by that instrumentality you can Re-
publicanize them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS obtained the floor.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I hope
that I may have the privilege of publishing a
sentence or two in conclusion of my remarks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
will bo allowed to deliver them.
Mr. PETERS. I have no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that by unanimous
consent the gentleman from Connecticut be
allowed to proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. HLBRARD, of Connecticut. For what
purpose, I inquire again, is this bill to be
passed? For what purpose is the writ of ha-
beas corpus abolished in the South ? For what
purpose is_civil law destroyed? For what pur-
pose are eight millions of people made over to
the rule of the sword and bayonet,? For what
purpose is martial law to be made supreme over
ten ot the States of this Union? For the sim-
ple purpose, I answer again, of overwhelming
the white race in tho South and the rising re-
actionary movement in the North in a black
mass of negro barbarism and ignorance. If
the friends of this bill were put upon the inqui-
sition of the confessional they would be obliged
to admit it. To accomplish this end the bill is to
be hurried through, with a latitude of debate,
