8634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
an amendment to the bill on the eighteenth
page, iu the clause which now reads :
For surveying tho eastern boundary of Nevada,
estimated four hundred and twenty-five miles, atnot
exceeding fifteen dollars per mile, $6,375.
Our information is that that will not pay for
the expenses of the survey, and that it cannot
be prosecuted at that price. I do not know the
fact myself, but that is the representation that
has been made to the committee, and I think
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, that that, will not pay the expense of
running that line.
Mr. STEWART. The Commissioner asks
for twenty-five dollars a mile. The cost of this
work may be judged from the cost of running
other similarlines. The southern line of Ore-
gon is a precisely similar line. The appropri-
ation there was as follows :
"For th e survey of the forty-second parallel of nor t h
latitude, so lor us it constitutes tho common bound-
ary between tlio Slates of California and Oregon,
estimated two hundred and.twonty miles, at not
exceeding sixty dollais per mile."
That is a very similar line. Then the east-
ern boundary line of Oregon is entirely similar.
Although this line is a short distance further
East, it runs through precisely the same kind of
country. There the appropriation was:
"For surveying ihe boundary line between the
State of Oregon and tho Territory of Idaho, com-
mencing at the northern boundary of the State of
Nevada mid miming north to its intersection with
Snake river, estimated one hundred and sixty miles,
not exceeding sixty dollars per mile, $9,600."
Those are the appropriations made for sim-
ilar lines. I had a conversation with the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office on this
subject. I thought this work could be done
cheaper than that. He took considerable
trouble to estimate it, and put it down at the
lowest figure at which he thought it could pos-
sibly be done, twenty-five dollars a mile, ldo
not know that you can get anybody to do it for
that; but certainly it cannot be done for less than
twenty-five dollars per mile. There is no use
in making any appropriation at all unless it is
us much as twenty-five dollars per mile. I will
state that it is important to run this lino. We
do not ask for an appropriation to run the
northern line. We can get along for another
year without that; but it is important that the
eastern line should be run, because there are
settlers on that portion of the line, and they
refuse to pay taxes either in Utah or Nevada,
because they do not know where they ought to
pay.them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why should it
cost any more to run that line than the line in
Utah, for instance?
Mr. STEWART. AVe have not run a bound-
ary line in Utah on either side.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why should it
cost any more than surveying the eastern
boundary line of Colorado?
Mr. STEWART. It is a different country
altogether. The eastern boundarj' line of Col-
orado runs right through a valley where there
are grass and water and a level country. This
line runs a portion of the way through deserts,
and in order to make a survey you have got to
carry water on mules for several days' supply.
They have got to fix their starting point on the
Colorado river. It is a very difficult line to
run. For running a precisely similar line sixty
dollars a mile was appropriated ; but if you will
appropriate twenty-five dollars a mile in this
case the Department will make the effort to
get the line ran for that sum. Certainly it
cannot be done for less.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment which
I wish to move is to strike out "fifteen," inline
four hundred and ten, and to insert "twenty-
five;" and also, in the same line, to strike out
"six" and to insert " ten and also to strike
out '"three hundred and seventy-five;" so that
it will r?ad:
For Mirveying the eastern boundary of Nevada,
estimated at tour hundred and twenty-five miles, at
not exceeding twenty live dollars per mile, 810,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Ten thousand
six hundred and twenty-five dollars is the esti-
mate.
Mr. POMEROY. I call it exactly four
hundred miles. It is estimated to be four
hundred and twenty-five miles ; but I think it
is about four hundred.
Mr. STEWART. Ten thousand six hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars would be the
exact sum according to the estimates.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will be reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the amendments,
which was in line four hundred and ten to
strikeout "fifteen" and insert "twenty-five;"
and also to strike out the word "six" and
insert "ten;" and in lines fonr hundred and
ten and four hundred and eleven to strike out
the words "three hundred and seventy-five"
and insert "six hundred and twenty-five;" so
that the clause will read:
For surveying tho eastern boundary of Nevada,
estimated at four hundred and twenty-five miles^ at
not exceeding twenty-five dollars per mile $10,625.
Mr. STEWART. That is it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have another amend-
ment to offer, and which, as it has not been
submitted to the committee, I desire to have
passed by unanimous consent. It comes from
the State of Florida. The State of Florida was
not represented here until yesterday, and the
Senator therefore could not send the amend-
ment to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it estimated
for?
Mr. POMEROY. I think none of the States
not represented were estimated for; but the
Senator who has arrived from Florida makes
the statemeut to the committee, which I knew
was true before, that they have some public
lands that they want surveyed ; that there is
now an immigration demand for them ; and if
the amendment can be received by unanimous
consent it is simply to insert in the appropriate
place the following:
For surveying public lands in the State of Florida,
$20,000.
I think they ought to have that appropriation
to complete their surveys in the State of
Florida.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is there any
recommendation from the Department?
Mr. POMEROY. There is no recommenda-
tion and no estimate for it, because the State
was not represented here until yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the Depart-
ment has been here all the time.
Mr. POMEROY. The Department has not
recommended anything or estimated anything
since the commencement of the war for any of
those fttfitfts
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sena-
tor understand what the condition of the public
lands in that State is?
Mr. POMEROY. Only from representations
made to me by gentlemen directly from there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Under the cir-
cumstances I will not raise a question under
the rule. I leave it to the Senate to decide.
Mr. POMEROY. Itbinkmyselfthereouglit
to be a little appropriation for the State of
Florida. Of course it will be the pleasure of
the Senate to receive it or not under our rules.
It is an appropriation of $20,000 for that State.
The public lands there have been neglected
during the whole war ; there has been no sur-
veying there; many of the old boundaries are
being obliterated, and they need, to build up
again the waste places and find out what are
public lands and what are not, to have a little
appropriation for surveys. Twenty thousand
dollars is the sum we have recommended. It
can be received, of course, only by unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
| tion is on this amendment,
j Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not recollect what
j is the condition of the surveys of the State of
Florida ; but I have no idea that it is import-
ant now to make additional appropriations. 1
do not think the immigration to that State
requires it. I think it would be exceedingly
loose legislation to appropriate $20,000 for sur-
veys there when we are not informed at all of
the amount of unsold lands already surveyed.
The Senator from Kansas has no information
on that question; and I should want to know
from the General Land Office what amount of
lands are already surveyed in that State and
unoccupied. My impression is that there is a
very large quantity, and that there is no occa-
sion for this appropriation.
Mr. POMEROY. I said we had no esti-
mate ; but it must b"e evident to every Sen-
ator, as it is known to me, that there is a
large tract of public la.nds in Florida. It is
evident also to every Senator that for the
past few years we have made no appro-
priation whatever. Now, if the objection is to
prevail that because there are lands not occu-
pied in Florida that have been surveyed we
should not make this appropriation, that would
apply to any of the States. All our States
contain some unoccupied lands that have been
surveyed. In fact, the public lands of the
older States of the South are unoccupied to a
great extent. That is not an argument that
we should not survey such as have not been
surveyed. There are very valuable lands and
very attractive lauds, I know from the repre-
sentations made to me, in Florida, that are
not settled upon because they are not sur-
veyed. T think we should begin, as these
States come back, one after another, where
they have got public lands to make a small ap-
propriation for them to continue the system of
surveying. I think this amendment ought to
commend itself to the Senate; and 1 hope a
vote of the Senate will be had first on the
question whether we will receive it. I offer
the amendment, and move that we receive
this amendment to the appropriation bill ap-
propriating ยง20.000 for surveys in Florida.
Mr. EDMONDS. Let the amendment be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert on page 18, after line four hun-
dred and seven:
For surveying public lands in the State of Flor-
ida, $20,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A moment's reflection
will satisfy Senators that for the present sur-
veys cannot possibly be had in that Slate, as
the operations in the field cannot be carried
on, and there will be but very little delay in
waiting until the next session of Congress,
when we can have some information on the
subject. I am in favor of liberal appropria-
tions to prosecute public surveys; but they
ought to be made in those localities where the
settlements are extending out into the public
lands. I do not believe that is the ease in
Florida.' I do not believe there is any occa-
sion for it there, and I think we ought to have
some information from the proper office on the
subject. It would take the Commissioner but
a few minutes to prepare a letter on the sub-
ject. Inasmuch as there is really but very
little delay in waiting until the next session,
I think this amendment ought not to be adopted
without some information on the subject.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. Is that amendment ob-
jected to? Has that gone over?
Mr,_ POMEROY. One objection cannot
carry it over. A vote of the Senate can carry
it over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood that the
Senator from Indiana objected to its reception,
and it cannot come in without unanimous
consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is objected
to, under the rules it cannot be considered.
The PRESIDENT^pro tempore. The Chair
understood the objection was waived, if there
was any objection at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. I only desired to offer
another amendment 111 case this one was dis-
posed of.
Mr. POMEROY. I trust there will be no
serious objection to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not make any.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to pass it.
The amendment was agreed to.
