1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. POMEROY. I now offer an amend-
ment to come in on the eighteenth page, im-
mediately after the amendment just adopted.
I will remark that it is an appropriation which
has passed the Senate during the present ses-
sion, but undera misapprehension was xeported
against in the House of Representatives. It
has passed through the Committee on Public
Lands and also the Committee on Appropri-
ations. It is to insert as additional sections the
following:
Sua. —. And be it further enacted, That there be,
and is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
.Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
$9,908 50, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
pay balance due for thesurvey of lands embraced, in
the Osage Indian reservation and the Cherokee neu-
tral lands, m the State of Kansas, under contracts
dated re.-*pcctivcly August 14 and 16, 1866, the said
sum to be returned to the Treasury out of the pro-
ceeds of the sale of said lands, as provided by treaties
with said Indians.
Sec.—. And be if further enacted t That the sum of
$7,775, or so much thereof as may be necessary, is
hereby appropiiated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay lor the bal-
ance duo for surveying several Indian reservations
in Utah Territory, the survey of which was provided
for by act of Congress approved May 5,1864.
Sec. —. And be xt further enacted, That the sum of
$39,014 63, or so much thereof as may be necessary, is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not heretofore appropriated, to pay for the sur-
vey of the Osage Indian trust lands, ceded to the
United States under treaty concluded September 29,
1865, upon a contract made with the General Land
Office under dato of September 18.1866, and another
contract for^another portion of said trustlands, dated
May 28,1867; which survey is according to the pio-
visiona of the second article of treaty concluded with
said tribe September 29,1865.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there be,
and is hereby, appropriated out ol any money in the
Treasurv not otherwise appropriated, the sum. of
$3,362 03, to pay the balance due for thesurvey of the
lands embraced in the Omaha and Winnebago In-
dian ier>ervation m the State of Nebraska, under
contract, dated August 14, I860, as provided by a
treaty with the Omaha Indians and authorized by
act of Congress approved July 2S, 1866.
Mr. HARLAN". The exact amount in the
first section of the amendment ought to be
"$9,2(53 85."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that money due by
the contract?
Mr. HARLAN". Yes, sir; and the work is
all done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By the contract was not
the money to be taken out of the proceeds of
the sales?
Mr. HARLAN". This comes out of the pro-
ceeds of the sales.
Mr. POMEROY. What was the sum men-
tioned by the Senator from Iowa?
The Chief Clerk. Nine thousand two hun-
dred and sixty-three dollars and eighty-five
cen ts.
Mr. POMEROY. Plow did I report it?
The Chief Cleksc. Nine thousand nine hun-
dred and eighty dollars and fifty-one cents.
Mr. POMEROY. That modification is cor-
rect. I accept it.
Mr. HARLAN. In line seven of the first
section of the printed amendment the words
"and the Cherokee neutral lands'' should be
stricken out.
Mr. POMEliO'S. They may as well be
stricken out, because that part has been set-
tled for. If lett in, there would be no money
appropriated for_ them, because that contract
has been extinguished.
Mr. HARLAN". In'line eight of the same
reclion the Word "respectively," and also the
words "and sixteenth," should be stricken
out.
Mr. POMEROY. Those modifications are
accepted. They are mere surplusage to the
language.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to explain
to the Senate how this happens, so that they
can see that we know something about it. This
is= a payment of money for the surveys of Indian
lands. They were provided for under certain
treaties made recently with the Indian tribes
for whose benefit in part these purveys were
made. By the stipulations of those treaties
the Government of the United States engaged
to make these surveys for the Indians, and of
course they became obligated to incur the ex-
penses of the surveys at first, but they are all
paid out of the sales of the lands, so that it is
really an advance payment, as 1 understand.
The correction which the Senator from Iowa
has proposed to the first section by which the
sum is reduced from $27,980 50, as it stood
originally, to $9,000, results from the fact that
since this estimate was made in the early part
of the year the difference between these two
sums has been received out of the sale of the
lands.
Mr. HARLAN. That is for the survey of the
Cherokee neutral lands. That appropriation
has been passed as a separate bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The land de-
scribed in this first section ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; part of the lands
were Cherokee neutral lands, and the treaty
has been ratified under which money has been
paid over, and a sufficient amount has been
applied to the payment for the surveys of that
part of the land. For the survey of the Osage
lands described in the first section the money
is now lying in the Treasury; but the First
Comptroller holds that it cannot be paid out
by him without an appropriation. The proceeds
of the sales of the land are actually there. That
is not an advance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So that the
proposition is true that it does not make an
appropriation to come out, except indirectly,
from the Treasury of the United States. The
money here appropriated really comes out of
the trust funds of the Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; that is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, Mr. POMEROY, and
others addressed the Chair.
Mr. POMEROY'. I desireto propose another
amendment, which is the last one I shall ofi'er.
Mr. ANTHONY. I want to get a chance
to offer an amendment while there is some
money left in the 'Treasury; but I do not think
I shall get the opportunity. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We are now
disposing of the Indian funds.
Mr. POMEROY'. My _ amendment is to
insert as an additional section the following:
Andbe it further enacted, Tha-tthc Commissioner of
the Hcneral Land Ofiice is hereby authorized to con-
tinue the extension of thegeologicat explorations as
btsyunia ,\ ebi a.-k;i undci the provisions ol'the second
section ot the deficiency act of Congress, approved
March 2, ]8G7, to other portions of the public lands;
and lor that purpose the sum of S10,UG0 is hereby
appioprinted out of any money in tlie Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
I move this amendment at the suggestion
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and very many other persons who desire
to prosecute what they commenced last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it come from any
committee.
Mr. POMEROY. And to continue this geo-
logical survey over the other Territories besides
Nebraska. I have to say that it does not come
from any committee, because it wasonly putinto i
my hands yesterday, and the committee have
not had a meeting on the subject; but the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin and other Senators desired
that this appropriation should be presented to
the Senate. It is au appropriation of only
$10,000 to continue the geological survey. I
hold in my hand Miscellaneous Document No.
100, sent to the chairman of the Committee on
the Public Lands of the House uf Representa-
tives, in which the InteriorDepartmeuturgeand
recommend and give very extended reasons
why this geological survey should be continued.
They speak at considerable length of the
importance of the work, and the benefits that
have already accrued to the Government from
what was done last year : and they desire to
have a small appropriation to continue it this
year. I shall have discharged my duty by pre-
senting it to the Senate. I know no more
about it personally than any other Senator, I
suppose ; but I have presented it to the Sen-
ate, and hope that it may be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I desire to offer a couple of
amendments to this bill. On page 14, at the
end o£ line three hundred and ten, I move to
insert the following:
Provided, That no improvements, alteration", or
repairs of the Capitol building shall be made except
by direction and under the supervision of the archi-
tect of the Capitol extonsion.
Heretofore certain repairs have been made
which have been paid for out of the contingent
fund of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives by officers of the different branches^
without any direction or supervision of the
architect. The design of the amendment is
to prevent that, if possible, hereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the bill:
For expenses of the trial of the impeachment of
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
$6,000, or so much thereof as maybe necessary, to be
paid into the contingent fund of the Senate.
I desire to state that heretofore Congress
appropriated $10,000 to pay the expenses of
the impeachment of the President. This
amendment proposes $6,000 more. The entire
expense of the impeachment, including wit-
nesses, furniture, printing, and the fees ot
officers for summoning witnesses will not ex-
ceed $10,000, and will probably fall a little
short of that amount; but it is necessary that
something more should be appropriated. I
make this statement in relation to the expense
of the impeachment trial, and hojcie Senators
will hear what I say, that the entire expense
will not exceed $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Are you in-
structed by your committee to offer the amend-
ment?
Mr. CRAGIN. It is recommended by the
Committee on Contingent Expenses.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose when the Sen-
ator speaks of the entire expense he has ref-
erence to the expense to be paid by Congress.
Mr. CRAGIN. I mean the entire expense
so far as the Senate is concerned.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to call up the
amendment that I offered yesterday. It is to
insert on page 11, after line two hundred and
forty-two, the following:
For-construction of a building to be used as a cus-
tom-house and United States court-room and post
office, at Portland, Oregon, &of),0U0.
I desire to have a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, addressed to the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, July 1, 1868.
Sir: In reply to your inquiry as to the necessity
! of a bunding for the use ot the custom-houso, post
office, United Stares couits, and internal revenue
officers at Portland, Oregon, I have the honor to say
that the commeice of Portland is rapidly increasing
—the customs receipts nione for the past year being
upwaid uf iilty thousand dollars in gold.
There is picat difficulty on that coast in renting
sale building tor Government purposes, and as the
papers and documents connected with the customs
and other offices, such as registeis ot vessels, internal
revenue cases, kc., are extremely valuable, tho inter-
ests of the public service demand that provision
should bo made lor their preservation in a tire-proof
building,
The necessity for buildings of this character is even
greater in that locality than on the Atlantic coast, as
on this coast secure and suitable structures can be
rented for the purposes mentioned, while in Oregon
none can be obtained unless erected by the Govern-
ment.
In view of these circumstances, therefore, and of
the saving that will be effected in the rent now being
paid tor the insecure and unsuitable buildings at
present occupied by the various offices, I recommend
tho erection at Portland of a substantial fire-proof
building of sufficient capacity to accommodate all
the civil officers at that port, believing that such a
course will promote both tho interests of th« Gov-
ernment and ol the city, j" know of no city on the
Pacific where the necessity for a building oi this
character is more pressing.
A suitable building cannot, it is believed by the
supervising architect, be erected for less than $100,01.0
in gold, but an appropriation of £50,000 would bo
ample at present.
Very respectfully, II. McCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treuauiy*
Hon. Z. Chandler, Chairman. Comtaxttee on (bin-
aierce. United States Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that it is tho
intention to erect a building containing room
suflieient to accommodate the internal revenue
