1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
takes of the law. and am, therefore, constrained to
declinc making the order suggested by you.
I adopt this course with regret, as the case would
seem to be a meritorious one.
Very respectfully, II. McCULLOCH.
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. E. A. Rollins, Commismoner Internal Revenue.
Mr. MERCUR. In addition to the letters
which have been read, I hold in my hand a
letter from the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, recommending this allowance ; but I am
unwilling to occupy farther the attention of the
House.
The substitute was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended by the
adoption of the substitute, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HIG-BY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that although the collection district of Mr.
Sedgwick is not wholly within my congressional
district, yet I know that it embraces a large ex-
tent of territory, and I know something about
the expense of doing business there. During
the session of Congress of 1864-65 the Cali-
fornia delegation had their attention called to
this very subject. On a conference with the
Secretary of the Treasury it clearly appeared,
from an investigation by that Department, that
an allowance of this kind was due to Mr. Sedg-
wick. There was no question upon that point.
The only question was as to the law passed in
1863, which limited the amount allowed for
salaries, &c., in each collection district to
$10,000. As the expenses in the district of
Mr. Sedgwick were great, the $10,000 allowed
by law was all expended in the payment of the
deputies, and there was nothing left for the
salary of the collector himself. The Secretary
of the Treasury did not feel authorized to make
tliis payment, and for that reason a joint reso-
lution was passed at the last session of the last
Congress. It is found, however, by theDepart-
ment that the resolution does not go far enough
to permit this payment to be made. For that
reason this subject has been presented and the
bill is now asked to be passed. Mr. Sedgwick
should undoubtedly have this money. He has
laid out of it from that time to this. He has
received no salary for that year.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MERCDR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that'the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of the Committee on Com-
merce for reports.
CLEVELAND INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back the
petition of sundry insurance companies and
insurance agents in the city of Cleveland, Ohio,
asking for the passage of a law making provis-
ion for insurance, &c., and moved that the
same be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN MAILLEFERT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
same committee, also reported back the peti-
tion of Benjamin Maillefert, for compensation
for blasting in Ilurlgate, &e., and moved that
the same be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
same committee, reported adversely on the
following, and the same were laid on the table:
Petition of citizens of Clinton, asking that
the city of Clinton, Iowa, be created a port
of entry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1003) to declare the Iowa
river, in the State of Iowa, innavigable above
the city of Wappello, Louisa county, Iowa ;
Memorial and joint resolution of the General
Assembly of the State of Iowa, asking that the
Iowa river be declared not navigable from the
city of Wappello north;
Petition of Dr. J. C. Mackenzie, geologist,
in favor of an increased duty on copper;
Petition of Joseph H. Scranton and others,
citizens, of Pennsylvania, for the repeal of all
laws establishing bonded warehouses;
A bill (H. R. No. 297) to remit the duties
upon certain goods, wares, and merchandise
destroyed by fire; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 89) explanatory
of certain acts in relation to the armory and
arsenal at Rock Island, in the State of Illinois.
RIVER AND HARBOR APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ELIOT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back House
bill No. 1046, asking appropriations for the re-
pair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works, and for other purposes, and to
ask that the bill may be considered in the House
as in Committee of the Whole on the second
Tuesday of June after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I suppose the necessary
course of the bill will be to have it referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The bill appropriating
money, if objection be made, must be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ELIOT. Before that is done, I wish to
say that, being referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, I will, on
Monday one week from next Monday, ask the
House to suspend the rules, so that it may be
withdrawn from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and assigned for
action as soon as it can conveniently be done.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask con-
sent of the House to report a bill from the
minority of the committee, to take the same
course as the one of my colleague on the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The rule declares that
when the views of the minority are accompa-
nied by a resolution or a bill such resolution
or bill is not thereby brought before the House
for action, but must be submitted by some
member. The bill _ will be printed, and the
gentleman gives notice he will offer it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I also
desire to submit the views of the minority.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to say that the major-
ity of the committee having reported this bill
but not having submitted any report in writing,
the minority of the committee, composed of
my excellent friend the chairman of the com-
mittee, has reported a bill, and now proposes
to submit a written report. I do not remem-
ber—unless the committee has sanctioned such
a course, which has not been done in this case
—that a written report has ever been made by
the minority when no written report has been
made by the majority. In this case it is a very
excellent way of having the speech of my friend
printed by the House in the form of a minor-
ity report. I have said this much in order to
let the House know how this matter stands.
Mr. CHANLER. Excuse me ; will.the gen-
tleman inform the House what this bill is?
The SPEAKER. It is the river and harbor
bill.
Mr. CHANLER. What rivers and har-
bors? Is it a general bill?
The SPEAKER. Various rivers and har-
bors. The bill has been printed.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not desire to make any
point of order on the chairman of the com-
mittee, nor, indeed, do I know that he has not
a right to submit his views in writing, although
it is a right I have never known to be exercised
except by the action of the committee. I
have said all I desire. I shall not interpose
any objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say, in reply to my colleague, that this is a very
common practice. Only a few days ago the
minority of the Committee on Appropriations
made an adverse report upon two bills reported
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,]
a member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, in regard to benevolent institutions in
the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The only usage is to allow
a committee, when they report a bill, to accom-
pany it with a report in writing, or, if it is con-
sidered by the House, to allow the member
reporting it to be heard by a speech at the
time it is considered by the House. The rule
on page 55 of the Digest states that—
" A minority of a committee cannot make a report,
a minority not being the committee."—Journal, 1,24,
p. 582. [The common practice, however, if to permit
the minority to submit their viw. in writing, which
are usually printed and considered with themajority
repoi t.J
Mr. ELIOT. What is the practice when
there is no report by the majority? Is it the
practice for a minority of one to submit a re-
port in writing?
The SPEAKER. The minority can only
do so by the consent of the House, even if tho
majority do make a report in writing. If the
majority do not make a written report, as they
have a right to do, that should not preclude
the minority from presenting their views in
writing. The majority of the Committee of
Elections, for instance, can simply report in a
contested-election case a resolution, with no
written explanation by the chairman or the
member reporting it. The question then would
be whether the House would preclude the
minority from submitting their views, if they
should desire to do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this bill in behalf of the delegation
from my own State, to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
the House; it is now in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that; I
only introduce the amendment in order that
it may be printed.
Mr. CHANLER. I shall ask that the bill
be read if any action is taken.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House; the single objection of the gentleman
from Illinois refers it to the Committee of the
Whole, where it is now.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope no action will be
taken ex parte; it appropriates a large amount
of money for the improvement of harbors.
The SPEAKER. No action can be taken
in the House except by*unanimous consent,
the gentleman from Illinois having objected to
its consideration in the House.
Mr. CHANLER. Unless it is open to all
parties I will object.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to the consump-
tion of more time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I give notice that at the
proper time I shall offer the following amend-
ment to the first section of the bill:
For the improvement of the Tennessee river, ac-
cording to tho report of the survey made in compli-
ance with the provisions of the act of March 2,1867,
and the recommendation of the chief of engineers,
$613,000.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield now to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Baker] for the same pur-
pose.
Mr. BAKER. I desire to give notice that I
will at the proper time offer the following
amendment, to come in after line eighty-four:
For the improvement of the harbor at Alton, Illi-
nois, $61,000.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I give
notice that at the proper time I will offer the
following amendment, to come in after line
eighty:
For tho improvement of the harbor at Wilsoa,
Niagara county, Iscw York, £10,000.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it necessary to go
through this process in order to have amend-
ments offered?
The SPEAKER. It is not. They can be
offered in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, but gentlemen desire to give
preliminary notice.
