1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
phraseology of his amendment so as to retain
the word " Senators?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is my con-
viction.
Mr. CONKLING. If so, it seems to me
unavoidable that we should discuss this ques-
tion and dispose of it now, at this hour of the
evening; but I really wish the Senator, unless
he deemsit important, would change his amend-
ment so far as to substitute the word " mem-
bers" for "Senators."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have said
already that I deem the amendment of no sig-
nificance whatever if that word is left out.
Mr. CONKLING. You insist upon it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, the
Senator insisting upon it, the proposition is,
of course, that the Senate now, jntheabsence
of the Chief Justice, shall pronounce its judg-
ment upon the question whether the Chief Jus-
tice has in any event a vote ; and if so, in what
event, if any, he has a vote. I have already
expressed ray regret that that question should
be raised at this moment; but if it is to be
passed upon there are a few observations with
regard to it which I beg leave to submit.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. CONKLING. I yield for a suggestion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I only wish to say that I
hope he will avoid the debating of that point
at this time, because I do not feel prepared to
pass upon a question of that magnitude in this
hasty and inconsiderate manner. There is no
time here now for the necessary discussion of
it; and it does not appear to me to be so clear
from difficulty as it does to some Senators. The
Constitution provides that the vote shall be by
two thirds of the members of the court:
"And no person shall be convicted without the
concurrence of two thirds of the members present."
And the question will be, whether the Chief
Justice is a member or not. I am not pre-
pared at this time to decide that question ; and
if I am compelled to vote on this motion I
wish it distinctly understood that I do not com-
mit myself on that point.
Mr. CONKLING. But, Mr. President, the
Senator from Oregon will observe that, under
the mover's view of this amendment, in voting
upon it he commits himself to no question
excepting that. If the Senator from Maine
insists upon pointing his amendment at that
particular question, and we are to vote upon
the amendment, certainly we cannot do it with-
out committing ourselves, as far as a vote does
commit those who give it, upon that question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will excuse me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New York yield to the Senator
from Maine?
Mr. CONKLING. I do, in the hope that
the Senator will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not dis-
posed to set my own judgment against that of
the committee who have reported these arti-
cles, and being appealed to generally by the
committee, in order to accommodate myself
to what seems to be the very earnest desire of
the committee I modify my motion so as to
strike out in the second line, after the word
''members," the words "of said high court
of impeachment," and then to strike out after
the word "present " the words " and voting."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will leave it in the
verv language of the Constitution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified, to strike
out in the second line of the twenty-second
rule the words "of said high court of impeach-
ment" and also the words "and voting;" so
that the clause will read:
And if the impeachment shall not be sustained by
the votes of two thirds of the members present a
judgment of acquittal shall bo entered, &c.
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment, as I
understand, now obviates this whole question.
It leaves it for another time it there be a ques-
tion to be raised. If that is the understand-
ing I shall be very glad to have a vote, al-
though, if the understanding is that the ques-
tion is to be discussed, I shall beg leave to sub-
mit some views upon it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suspect this question
is somewhat involved in another clause of these
rules.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. CONKLING.
Let us settle this first.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I mean under the
seventh rule; and before the subject passes
from the attention of the Senate I shall refer
to that. For the present, however, as the Sen
ator from Maine has used constitutional lan-
guage in this particular rule, certainly we can-
not object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. VAN WINKLE. I think there is a de-
ficiency in this rule ; a few words that ought
to have been introduced; and it arises from a
few words that are in the Constitution. As the
shortest way to explain myself I will read the
provision of the Constitution:
. " Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not ex-
tend further than to removal from office, and dis-
qualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor,
trust, or profit under the United States."
It would seem, from the particular language
there used, that the judgment of the court of
impeachment need not extend as far as this
permits. The word " further" is comparative,
and used in that sense.
Mr, CONKLING, If the Senator will turn
over two pages he will find a provision that all
officers impeached shall be removed from office.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have turned ovei.
If the Senator will allow me to explain myself
I think he will find it is not so clear.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator must not be interrupted without his con-
sent.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I was saying that
from the language used it is evident the judg-
ment does not necessarily extend to both those
clauses or to either of them, does not neces-
sarily go to the whole extent; that without anj'
other words the Senate might give a judgment
inflicting some punishment less in degree; but
the fourth section of the second article pro-
vides that—
"The President, Vice President, and all civil offi-
cers of theUnited States shall be removed from office
on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason,
bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.3'
But it does not say that the judgment shall
necessarily extend to disqualification to hold
any office of honor, trust, or profit under the
United States. I believe I shall be carrying
out the views of the committee, who, of course,
would wish the thing to be perfected; and i
therefore propose the following amendment:
in the fifth line of the twenty-second rule strike
out the words "the court, by its presiding offi-
cer, shall proceed to pronounce judgment,"
and insert "shall proceed to ascertain what
judgment shall be rendered in the case, which,
being ascertained, shall be pronounced by the
presiding officer." The clause will then read:
But if the person accused in such articles of im-
peachment sliall be convicted by the votes of two
thirds of the members of such court present, the court
shall proceed to ascertain what judgment shall be
rendered in the case, which judgment, being rendered,
shall bo pronounced by the presiding officer, &o.
1 think there is substance in my objection.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the Senator
from West Virginia to put in the two words
'• and entered;" so as to read "which, being
ascertained and entered, shall be pronouuced."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. That is additional to
the original. I am not tenacious about the
words. I want to call the attention of the
Senate to it because it is very evident to my
mind that disqualification to hold any other
civil office does not follow, but that the removal
is peremptory. Removal is settled by the Con-
stitution, but the judgment must ascertain
whether any further punishment is to be in-
flicted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to perfect the sec-
tion proposed to be amended by just striking j
out some words which will free it from all
doubt, I think, before the vote is taken on the ,!
motion of the Senator from West Virginia,
and perhaps he will be satisfied with it then.
I move to strike out the words "of such court"
in the fifth line and the words "by its presid-
ing officer" in the same line. Those words
were stricken out in the report of the com-
mittee, but after being stricken out from the
print the printer put them in again. The
state of the rule will then be, "but if the per-
son accused in such articles of impeachment
shall be convicted by the votes of two thirds
of the members present," using the constitu-
tional languaga, "the court shall proceed to
pronounce judgment." That is to say, the
court shall then proceed to pronounce what-
ever judgment the Constitution empowers or
authorizes it to pronounce. The court must
then determine, as a matter of course, what
judgment it will pronounce. The court then
deliberates as to what judgment it will pro-
nounce : whether it will, if the Senator from
West Virginia is right, censure, whether it
will remove from office, or whether it will re-
move from office and disqualify from holding
office in future. I think that would relieve it
from all doubt.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I acccpt that amend-
ment, if it is offered as such. It meets the dif-
ficulty I had.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment as modified in the form now pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out the
words in that rule from the word "but" in the
third line inclusive to the word "present" in
the fifth line, (striking out these words: "but
if the person accused in such articles of im-
peachment should be convicted by the votes
of two thirds of the members of such court
present,") and in lieu of them to insert " but
if the accused in such articles of impeachment
shall be convicted by the concurring votes of
two thirds of the members present for any one
of said articles," so as to provide that if two
thirds of the members presentconcur in voting
for any one article of impeachment he shall
be convicted.
Mr. CONKLING. Does it not mean that
now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is impossible to put
any other construction upon it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The amendment is quite
unnecessary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Senators suggest that it
is quite unnecessary. It may be that these
rules are quite unnecessary. The suggestion
may possibly apply to all of them, because they
may be made by the court hereafter; but if
we have any rules on the subject they ought
to be explicit, ought to be well understood.
This rule, as it stands, provides for the contin-
gency that "theperson accusedin such articles
of impeachmentshall be convicted by the votes
of two thirds of the members of such court
present." Whether that means that they shall
all concur on one article of the impeachment,
or whether two thirds shall sustain it. some
voting for the impeachment upon one article
and some upon another, and two thirds concur
in that way, does not clearly and distinctly
appear. If the former is the meaning of the
rule I think we had better have it amended so
that its meaning may be perfectly clear to
every person.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Oregon
should remember—perhaps it has escaped his
notice for the moment—that we have already
agreed to an amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. Frelingetoysen]
which requires a separate vote by the yeas and
nays on the question guilty or not guilty, to be
taken on each article, which precedes this lan-
guage. In that point of view it seems to me
that it is impossible to raise any doubt upon
this language, which says that if the person
accused in the articles shall be convicted judg-
ment shall be pronounced. It. does not say the
person shall be convicted upon the articles or
all the articles; but, describing the person
