204
"THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
average price of middling cotton daring the I
year i8R5 was sixty cents per pound ; in 18fi6 j
thirty-nine cents per pound, and in the first six 1
months of 1867 thirty cents per pound in cur- ;
rency. During the past live months the^rice
has rapidly fallen until it has reached filteen
cents per pound. In Liverpool cotton declined
in price during the same period from thirty-
one pence at the time of the greatest scarcity,
down to less than seven and a half pence per
pound.
The prices of cotton went up under actual i
and impending scarcity, but when the supply !
of cotton became in excess of the demand,
reduced as the demand was by high prices,
these prices began rapidly to recede. Ihe
high prices of cotton during the war extended
production in other countries so as almost to
equal the limited consumption when the close
ot the war opened the way for getting out the
old cotton remaining on hand and for renewed
production here. The prices of cotton ruling
so high gave such assurance of large profits
that capital from the loyal States sought itl- .
vestment, and great plantings were made in
order to profit by those high prices. It was
believed that the price of cotton would rule
high for some years to come, and Congress, so
believing, imposed a tax of three cents peu: ,
pound. At the ruling price the tax was not® i
burdensome one, and it seemed but fair that
growers of cotton should contribute something
to the support of the Government and to lighten
the burdens imposed upon the industries of the
people.
The cotton crop of 1866 was a general fail-
ure, yielding only about one million six hun-
dred thousand bales from a planting which in
ordinary seasons would have yielded 3,000,000 (
bales ; yet this crop was enough, added to the
old cotton held in the country and to the prod-
ucts of other countries, to supply enough for
a largely increased consumption and leave on
hand a heavy surplus. The cotton crop this
year from a planting smaller than in I860
promises a yield tof 2,500,000 bales. From
that quantity of cotton we can supply our own
consumption and spare to Europe 1,750,000
bales, if so much shall be needed. State-
ments apparently authentic and reliable from
other producing countries show that they can
supply to Europe '2,900,000 bales, and that the
stock on hand in Europe October 1, 1867,
was 1,092,000 bales. It appears that there
is existing and in preparation for market a
supply of cotton available to Europe estimated
to be:
Bate*.
From the United States     .1,750,000
From Egypt    250,000
From Brazil and other countries  900,000
From India, (the average of last two years,750,000
Total  4,650,000
Add stock in Europe October 1,1867 1,092,000
Making a total supply of. 5,742,000
The consumption of Europe for the past
year was—
Baleit.
In Great Britain 2,414,000
On the Continent 1,733,000
Total 4,147,000 i
Estimating the consumption to increase to
the extent of two hundred thousand bales, it
would be for the year ending October 1, 1868,
4,347,000 bales; leaving on hand October 1,
1868, a surplus of 1,395,000 bales in or access-
ible to Europe—a surplus of three hundred
thousand bales larger than 1807.
Now, sir, if this estimate is borne out by the
result, or if common opinion in the trade
adopts and acts upon this estimate, there is
sufficient reason why the prices of cotton should
fall extremely low, as they have always fallen
under similar relations of supply and demand.
From the point where supply became in ex-
cess of the demand a decline in price was a
necessity. The price of any commodity in the I
markets of the world is made by opinion based j
upon facts, but often modified by feeling, as i
when elated by brilliant successes or depressed
by great losses. The depressing influence of
the excess in the actual supply ot cotton, and
threatening a further largn disproportion to
any demand forcousumption, was in itselfquite
enough to break down prices, but this depress-
ing influence of an excess in the actual sup-
ply of cotton is greatly aggravated by the
fearful disasters which the trade in cotton and
cotton goods have encountered during the last
tw6 years.
The range of prices now reached is so low
that in the ordinary circumstances of trade cot-
ton would attract to itself unemployed capital
for investment. At the present time there is
an immense amount of capital in Europe idle,
unproductive, and seeking safe investment at
extremely low rates of interest. The general
explanation of the stagnant condition of com-
mercial and monetary affairs in Europe is
doubtless to be found in the disturbed state of
political relations, but something more than
the disturbed political condition of Europe is
required to explain why capital does not seek
investment in cotton after it has fallen below
seven and a half pence per pound. The price
of cotton is borne down by dear food. It has
been proved during the past thirty years that
dear food makes cheap cotton. Without dis-
cussingthe reasons for it, the fact stands'beyond
dispute that whenever a bad harvest has made
a scarcity of and high grices for the food of
the people in England, whether under the old
corn laws or since their repeal, cotton has
been forced to give way and decline in price.
Political troubles, causing general distrust and
an unwillingness to extend business enterprises,
have borne down the prices of cotton. Both
these conditions exist in and among'the nations
of Europe. In England and France wheat is
nearly twice the price of 1864. Bread riots
have occurred, which is an evidence also of
want of employment for labor. This stagna-
tion in nearly all departments of business is
distinctly shown by the absence of demand for
the millions of money now lying idle.
We see in Europe, first, a troubled and un-
settled condition of political affairs ; second,
dear food, with its enforced economies in all
other expenditures ; third, the want of full
employment for labor; and fourth, the stag-
nation which comes from all these combined ;
all bearing with fearfully depressing effect upon
cotton in Europe and particularly in Great
Britain.
Nor is this all. During the last two years
Liverpool, the great cotton market of the
world, has paid a fearful penalty; it is a most
righteous retribution for its sympathy with
secession in its wicked effort to disrupt the
Union and take the cotton-growing States from
under the authority of the national Govern-
ment. Frotn the opening of the rebellion to
1864 Liverpool gathered enormous wealth from
cotton, from the transfer of American ships
and their carrying trade, ancTfrom contraband
traffic with the States in rebellion. From the
close of the war to the present time Liverpool
has lost all that ill-gotten wealth, and with it
a great portion of the real capital which had
been legitimately employed in the cotton trade
before the war. Of the men and firms chiefly
engaged in the traffic most unfriendly to the
United States nearly all have become bank-
rupt, and some of these men and firms have
incurred disgrace by criminal misconduct.
Others, not specially participating in secession
schemes and the contraband trade, have largely
shared in the calamities, and cotton commis-
sion houses, cotton brokers, and cotton banks
have gone down together. The old speculative
power is utterly broken down as well of the
speculators themselves as of the brokers and
banks that supplied the means. The recent
frauds and the great disasters have induced a
very close scrutiny of credits and limitation
of facilities for the discount of bills and for
cash advances upon cotton.
These are the present conditions in Eng-
land under which the cotton crop of 1867 seeks
a market there. The cost of any article of
cottimerce has little influence upon its market
price, which is the creature of opinion guided
by the supply and need. The cost of repla-
cing an article of merchandise is not generally
considered until the necessity for replacing it
arises. It. is estimated that the cotton crop
of 1866 cost to produce it over thirty cents per
pound in the average, and as high as fifty cents
per pound on some of the great plantations;
yet this cost of production had little influence
on the price during the selling season of 1866
and 1867, when the price was made and changed
in the Liverpool market to meet the conditions
of the times. Starting at fifteen pence in Oc-
tober cotton fell to ten pencc in April, came up
to eleven and a half pence again and ranged
from ten and a half to eleven and a fourth
pence until the promise of an abundant sup-
ply from the crop of 1867 became apparently
sure, when it fell rapidly to seven and a half
pence per pound. So the cotton crop grown
this year, costing to the best managing plant-
ers sixteen cents or more per pound and re-
turning to them from the present prices less
than thirteen cents per pound, must have its
price adjusted by the demand of the world irre-
spective of its cost. This fact should have
and will have an influence on the planting of
the next crop, but can have little considera-
tion in determining the selling value of this
year's crop.
The culture of cotton by slave labor was the
most successful industry of the southern States.
These States held the monopoly of the supply
of cotton to the world by the combined power
of price and quality, the one so cheap and the
other so good as to defy all competition. Slave
labor was costly and wasteful, yet it had one
merit—its organization and general employ-
ment. I do not assent to the assumption of
the late slaveholders that free labor cannot do
what slave labor did do in the cheap produc-
tion of cotton. Free labor needs only to be
educated enough to know its own worth and
power, and to be organized, encouraged, and
compensated to be more industrious and more
productive than slave labor ever was. To the
products of the labor of the freedman is now to
be added the products of the labor of that large
body of white people who have been taught the
value and necessity of labor in the hard school
of privation and discipline brought upon them
by the rebellion. These laboring white men are
growing cotton on their own cotton patches,
and so are many freedmen.
The aggregate of these little crops will count
in hundreds of thousands of bales. Under the
current and probable prices of this year's crop
these small producers—both black and white-
will realize for their cotton only about sixty
dollars per bale at their homes, and from
the pitiful price of about ten cents per pound
these small producers must pay a tax of two
and a half cents per pound to the Govern-
ment. It is a great mistake to suppose that
this tax upon this year's cotton crop will fall
upon capital, that it is a tax upon wealth or
luxury. Nearly all the crops, even those upon
large plantations made by hired labor when
the labor has been paid for, were made on
money borrowed of merchants or factors. The
price which the planters will receive if wholly
relieved from tax will not enable them to pay
the <pdvances made to them by the merchants
or factors, or to pay their labor. Therefore,
the tax on cotton must come out of those to
whom the proceeds of the crops are owing—
the merchants, factors, and laborers: In
either case this tax is by so much disabling
one class to buy and the other classes to pay
for what they have bought of the products of
the shops and looms and farms of the northern
and western States. This tax, if not taken off
of this year's crop, will have the most disas-
trous effects upon merchants, planters, and
laborers in the cotton States, will prevent their
paying for purchases already made, will dimin-
ish their power to pay for articles of prime
necessity, and will impair their productive
power for the coming year. The Government
will receive $25,000,000 by this tax, but pro-
