1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that part of the upper peninsulaof the State of Mich-
igan lying east of the principal meridian; all the
islandsin and borderingupon the Saint Marie river;
and all that part of the State ot Michigan lyingwest
of the principal meridian, and north of the latitudi-
nal line dividing township No. 43from township
No. 44, north of the base line of the said State, includ-
ing the territory bordering Green bay, together with
all the islands, waters, and shores of Lake Superior
and the adjacent territory unto the head-waters of
ail the rivers and streams tributary thereto, and
within the jurisdiction of tho United States.
'l'he amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was acordingly read the third time.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I would like to pro-
pound a question to the chairman of the com-
mittee. Does this bill change the boundaries
of the districts as created by the law passed
two or tinee years since?
Mr. ELIOT. It changes the boundaries in
this respect: that it takes from one district arid
puts upon another, if the gentleman desires
special information upon this point I refer him
to his colleague, [Mr. Ferry.]
Mr. PERKY. Mr. Speaker, there was a
misapprehension of existing laws when the
Huron district was organized, as well as the
district of Michigan. By the terms of that
statute all the territory east of the principal
meridian was included in the district of Huron,
by which that district extends into the upper
peninsula, as there is Michigan territory east
of the meridian north of the straits, and, in
fact, takes in the port of entry of the district
of Michilimackinac, thus leaving that district
without its port of entry and transferring it to
the district of Port Huron. The object of this
bill is to place that port of entry where it
properly belongs, back into the district of
Michilimackinac, now proposed by the pend-
ing bill to be named Superior, and not chang-
ing the boundaries of the Port Huron district,
except in that regard. So that south Of the
tipper Peninsula the boundaries of the district
of Huron are in no way affected by the pro'i
posed bill and amendments. I will also state,*
with regard to the district of Michigan, that by
the same misapprehension the boundaries of
Michigan were not fixed by the statute of I860,
as was intended. This bill is designed to cor-
rect that error by extending this district west
of the principal meridian to the latitudinal line
dividing townships forty-three and lorty-four
north, so as to cover all the territory of Michi-
gan bordering Lake Michigan, and also to
change the name of Michilimackinac district
into Superior, and that of Port Huron to Huron,
to correspond with the name of the other dis-
trict—Michigan ; so that each shall more ap-
propriately be designated by names correspond-
ing with the lakes they border.
Mi-. ELIOT. I will only say that the pro-
visions of the bill receive the concurrence of
the Treasury Department.
The bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
promotion or american commerce.
Mr. ELIOT. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back a bill (H.
14. No. 9'Jy) to promote American commerce,
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Jtepreienta-
fives of the United States of America til Congress assem-
bled, That section four ot an act entitled "An act
amendatory of certain acts imposing duties upon
foreign importations." approved March 3,1865, and
section iiiteen of an ^et entitled " An act inci easing
temporarily the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," approved July H, 1832, be, and the same are
heieby, amended so thai the tonnage tax therein im-
posed shall be collected only from vessels arriving
trom foreign ports.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That a drawback
equal to the duties paid be allowed to shipbuilders
on lumber cordage, iron, copper. ehains,and anchors
actually used and employed by them in the building
and rigging of any s hip, steamer, or other vessel built
■within the limits of the United States; the amount
of drawback in all cases to be ascertained and paid
in such manner and under suek regulations as may
be prescribed by tho Secretary of the Treasury: Pro-
vided, That Ave percent, on the amountofail draw-
backs so allowed shall be retained tor the use of the
United States by the collectors paying such draw-
backs respectively.
SbU. 3. And be it further enacted. That the fifth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act concerning the regis-
tering and recording of ships or vessels," approved
December 31,1792, is hereby repealed.
Skc.4. And beitjurther enacted, That hereafter boats
or othervesseb of the United States less than twenty
tons burden shall not be enrolled, and no certificate
ot registry shall berequired ot them. Such boats or
vessels shall be licensed, and shall, in every other
respect, be liable to the rules and regulations and
penalties now in force relating to registered and
enrolled vessels.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of the act entitled "An act authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue register to vessels in
certain cases, "approved December 23,1832, are hereby
extended to vessels built within the United States,
provided the same were not transferred during the
rebellion to foreign owners.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be
regarded as adopted; and the question will be
on the engrossment and third reading.
Mr. SCObUELD. Is it the intention that
the bill shall pass without explanation ?
Mr. WASHB17RNE. of Illinois. I wish to
say that I do not give my assent to this bill.
Mr. CHANLEit. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts bow far this interferes with the
former law in regard to licensing vessels under
twenty tons; whether that will remain the
established law, .or is this an innovation of the
law ?
Mr. ELIOT. It alters no further the exist-
ing law than as is contained in the provisionsof
section four, that vessels less than twenty tons
shall not be enrolled. It does not alter the
provision in regard to licenses.
Mr. CHANLER. They are now enrolled.
Mr. ELIOT. They are now enrolled. This
requires they need not be enrolled if less than
twenty tons. No certificate of registry is re-
quired, but in regard to the charge for license
and in all other respects the laws are left as
now in force.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman in
charge of this bill whether he proposes to pass
a measure of this importance now ?
Mr. ELIOT. I want to do it now.
,Mr. ALLISON. I want some little time to
examine the bill and make some remarks on
it. It is a most extraordinary bill to come
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELJOT. This bill comes rightfully
from the Committee on Commerce, although
it does not come with the authority of the
majority of the committee. I will state the man-
ner in which it comes here. I have no objec-
tion to discussion, for this is an important bill ;
the most important bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce ; the most important bill
which will be reported in promotion of the true
commercial interests of this country. 1 do not
desire the House should be taken by surprise ;
but I do expect to satisfy members on the floor
of this lbiUM^Uj«>t -bill is rightfully here
and rightfyJ+fought to be passed. Whether I
am coijj'ffelled to do that in the short moining
the House will assign the time when
n be heard on the bill and when the gen-
Jeman from Iowa can make such statements
as he desires, 1 am myself indifferent. If
the gentleman from Iowa desires to discuss
it I have no objection to its being postponed
until 
The SPEAKER. Before the discussion of
the question of postponement the Chair will
state that if there be an ordinary postpone-
ment it might not be reached this session.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 was going to move that it be
made a special order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
I understood the gentleman to say that the
Committee on Commerce have not instructed
him to report this bill, but that, on the con-
trary, they have not instructed him to report it.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman's understand-
ing is inaccurate, which is rarely the case. I
will state how the bill is here.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My point is that if the
gentleman says he is not instructed by the com-
mittee to report the bill it is not now before
the. House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
that point the Chair must submit it to the House.
Where objection is made to the reception of a
bill the question must be submitted to the
House.
Mr. ELIOT. The fact is that the Commit-
mittee on Commerce have permitted me to re-
port the bill to the House, not intending by this
report to commit themselves to the support of
the bill. It is brought to the attention of the
House as a great many other bills have. It
has not had the committee's sanction except
so far that I should report it. I hope and expect
the chairman will sustain the bill, although he
has not yet given his assent to it. But I am
here with the united authority of the committee
to report the bill and bring it before the House
for their action. That is the way it stands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, upon
that statement, that tho bill is properly before
the House. The gentleman has authority to
report it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not understand him
to say he reported it from the committee, but
for himself.
Mr. ELIOT. No. sir.
Mr. BLAINE. The committee authorized
him to report it.
The SPEAKER. The committee can 'au-
thorize a bill to be reported in two different
ways. It can be simply reported to the House,
or it can be reported with a recommendation
that it do pass. This is reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
doubt of the truth of whatever statement my
colleague on the committee makes, although
1 have no recollection of ever having agreed
to the reporting of this bill. I do not know
but that I gave'my consent that it should be
reported with a distinct understanding that I
should not support it.
Mr. BLAINE. You are not bound by it.
The SPEAKER. That is allowable under
parliamentary law.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman says the
committee authorized him to report the bill to
the House, but not with a recommendation
that it do pass. 1 raise the point of order that
that is a negative recommendation, and unless
there is an affirmative one—and the gentle-
man informs the House there is not an affirm-
ative recommendation—it is not properly
before the House.
The SPEAKER. That is the recollection
of the Chair when the gentleman reported the
bill; but although a committee should report a
bill recommending that it do not pass, the
House might still pass the bill if it saw fit.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has au-
thority to report the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 do not know but I may
vote for the bill, but it is a very important one,
and should not be put through under the pre-
vious question .without allowing any debate.
Mr. ELI OT. Ot course, if my friend had
asked no explanation, the previous question
would have been seconded: but if he asks an
explanation i am not only bound to make it,
but most desirous that he should have it at
length.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman was going
to have it passed without discussion.
Mr. ELIOT. Of course, if no discussion is
j wanted I desire to have it acted upon. We
I have passed one or two important bills where
j no discussion was asked. Perhaps some gSn-
| tlenien will be surprised when they come to
j examine those bills to find that they overlooked
i them.
|i Mr. PILE. I desire to make a suggestion
j! that this had better be printed with the substi-
)• tute and made a special order. I regard it as
II a very important bill, and I am heartily m fa\ or
|j of it. Whatever will promote the ehiciency
II and increase the commerce of the United
i! States ought certainly to have the support ot
l! this House; and unless we have something to
