1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gf
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Tax on Distilled Spirits—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Heps.
moment of a question that seems, in some
measure, to have taken the press and country
and even the profession by surprise, as a very
novel if not a very bold experiment.
It will be said, perhaps, as it has been already
more than whispered in some quarters of the
Union, that this alarming proposition is only a
mere expedient for the time, intended to serve
the purposes of the moment, and with a view
only to a particular case; just as the import-
ant provision of the tenure-of-office_ law ex-
tending its operation to the heads of Depart-
ments, which without much active sympathy
or support from any quarter, and only by
persevering and persistent effort, and after
repeated defeats, I was happily_ enabled to
see ingrafted upon this law, against the ap-
parent sense of the Senate and the un-
yielding opposition of a large portion of the
Republican members of this House, has been
published to the world through all the organs
of public opinion, until it has persuaded every-
body here, and the echo ofithascomebackeven
from the other side of the Atlantic, as a more
party contrivance to save a particular officer—
who was known by me at the time to be him-
self opposed to it—instead of a great measure
of state, prompted by a conviction of the abso-
lute necessity of securing the independence of
a set of functionaries who had come to look
upon the master of their fortunes as the right-
ful master of their wills, and intended for all
heads of Departments and all time. The impa-
tient urgency with which the pending measure
is just now pressed, even in its imperfect shape,
after having slept so long undisturbed, may seem
to give an air of plausibility to this suggestion.
If the fact of its introduction nearly a year ago
is not a sufficent answer, 1 may bo allowed
to say, at least for myself, that I have never
belonged to that timid school of practitioners,
which deals only in palliatives, when great pub-
lic evils which threaten the safety of the State
are to be remedied. When I beheld the law
obstructed on system, and arrived at the con-
viction—shared with me by a majority of this
House—that the supreme Executive Magis-
trate of this nation, the officer intrusted under
the Constitution with the execution of its
laws, instead of performing that duty had dis-
closed a settled purpose to thwart your meas-
ures and defy your will, I was at once prepared
to meet that exigency by the complete and
obvious and radical measure of relief, which 1
thought the Constitution had placed in our
hands, instead of resorting to any evasive or
circuitous process, any mere experiments of
doubtful validity or dangerous example, to
accomplish the same object. When I saw again
the rare chance, the golden opportunity, of
correcting a capital error, canonized in some
sort by a practice coeval with the Government,
in the concession of the absolute power of re-
moval to the President, which had been so
fatally used and abused, i was equally ready
to take advantage of the feeling of peril engen-
dered by the usurpations of that officer, for the
purpose of accomplishing a long desiderated
object, which would have been proper at all
times, but had never been possible till now.
So when the wild vagaries of the courts, the
obvious political leanings of the judges in great
affairs of State, and the atrocious and abomin-
able doctrines to which the highest of them
was not ashamed to give utterance, had stripped
them of the awful prestige—the more than
Druidical sanctity—that had surrounded and
covered them from the rude gaze of the peo-
ple—when the very priesthood of the altar
itself had drawn aside the curtain of the sanc-
tuary before the eyes of the nation, in a revela-
tion that surpassed in hideousness and horror
all that the poet's conception had imagined of
the impostor prophet, when he lifted his veil in
the presence of his deluded followers and pro-
claimed in their ears in thunder tones:
"Here ye wise saints, behold your light, your star!
Xe would be fools and viotims, and ye are
I was equally prepared to improve the occa-
sion, by striking boldly at the dangerous anom-
aly of a power in this nation that was higher
than its Constitution and its laws. The time
had not yet come to do this thing, until the
red harvest of death had been gathered from
the seed thus sown, in so many battle-fields;
but revolutions are the opportunities of states-
men, and he is no statesman who hesitates
when the way is providentially leveled before
him, and he is thus invited to enterupon it; as
he, too, is none, who dreads the idle and un-
meaning taunt that he is merely legislating for
the evil that is imminent, just as though it
were not the business of the statesman to meet
the danger that is exigent. In quiet times the
chances for reform are rare. The measure
now proposed was a proper one at all times.
The present condition of the country only
demonstrates, through an imminent peril, its
absolute necessity.
Tax oil Distilled Spirits.
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. MARSHALL,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
January 9, 1868.
The House having under consideration Senato
amendment to House bill No. 369, to prevent frauds
in the collection of the tax on distilled spirits-
Mr. MARSHALL said:
Mr. Speaker: The few remarks which I
shall submit upon this occasion have been sug-
gested by the debate that has arisen this after-
noon on the proposition before the House, and
I shall not detain the House for any great
length of time. It was not my purpose, when
this question was brought before the House,
to say anything whatever upon it, for with the
details and particular merits of the proposi-
tion pending I do not pretend to be very famil-
iar. But as the debate has taken a latitude
that does not properly belong to the question
immediately before the House I wish to avail
myself of the opportunity to suggest some things
that ought, as I think, to be brought to the
attention of the country. I have no direct or
peculiar information in regard to the enormous
and outrageous frauds that are being perpe-
trated upon the Government and upon the
overtaxed and oppressed people of this coun-
try. There can be no doubt that these frauds
have for some years been increasing so rapidly,
and have now become so enormous, as to be
perfectly appalling, and to threaten not only
the ruin of the people, but the very existence
of our Government.
It is an unquestionable fact that thievery
and robbery of the people by public officials
all over the land have within the last few years
become a science. It is engaged in exten-
sively in all parts of the country, and it has
grown to be such an enormous evil that it now
threatens to bring starvation to the people and
bankruptcy to the Government. Many of the
facts are notorious, but it seems impossible to
bring any of these great thieves and malefac-
tors to justice. The fact is the public sense
has become demoralized. The public wink at
crimes when they are so enormous that the
pockets of the criminals are filled with gold
or greenbacks. We car. punish little petty
thieves in our courts of justice, men who steal
a pig or horse, or something of that kind, but
the thief who robs the Treasury of thousands
or millions goes at large with impunity, and
too often becomes an honored member of so-
ciety. There ought to be—there must be, Mr.
Speaker—somewhere a remedy for this. A
large portion of our public officials seem to
have adopted as an axiom tha|
"A little thieving is a dangerous art,
But thieving largely is a noble part;
'Tis vile to rob a hen-roost of a hen,
But stealing largely makes us gentlemen."
And it is the adopting of this maxim which
has brought half of this country almost to
destitution, while in the other half the people are
raising their hands in vain to Heaven for bread.
Ruin and devastation have spread all over
the land. An over-burdened people are appeal-
ing now to this Congress for redress. If we
can in any manner give it to them it is our
sacred duty to do so.
But while this is so it is unfair and unjust on
the part of my colleague, [Mr. Logan,] or of
any other member upon this floor, to deal ia
wholesale denunciations of any public official
without bringing forward facts to show that
those charges are well founded. Charges have
been made here by my colleague [Mr. Logan]
against the President of the IJnited States and
against the Secretary of the Treasury which,
if trueand sustained byevideuce, oughttosend
them down through all time as more infamous
than any men who ever held office in this or in
any other country.
Now, admitting that many public officials all
over the land, as charged by my colleague, are
engaged in this wholesale robbery, yet I am
not willing to condemn any man, high or low,
upon broad specifications of this kind, unsus-
tained by one single fact or one particle of
evidence. I understand my colleague [Mr.
Logan] to say that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has knowingly appointed these thieves and
robbers to office, and that the President has
done the same, or has winked at enormous
crimes of this character. He also charges that
the Secretary of the Treasury has issued in-
structions that prove him to be a fool or a
scoundrel.
These are grave charges; if true, these men
should be infamous. But if they are not sus-
tained by facts which can be stated here, what
ought to be said, what mnst be said, of honor-
able men upon this floor who make charges of
this kind against men in high official positions
without having one particle of proof to sustain
them?
Mr. LOGAN". Will the gentleman yield to
mo for a moment right here?
Mr. MARSHALL. If my colleague will be
brief I will do so with pleasure.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly. My statement,
which I will repeat, was this: that the princi-
pal frauds which were committed were com-
mitted under Treasury regulations; that if the
law was carried out it would be a protection
against fraud to a much greater extent than
are the Treasury regulations ; that those regu-
lations were of such a character that they did
absolutely authorize or protect fraud, from the
manner in which they were issued. There
were so many of them 
Mr. MARSHALL. I cannot yield further.
Mr. LOGAN. I will make my statement
very brief.
Mr. MARSHALL. I cannot yield.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me state about the sec-
ond matter.
Mr. MARSHALL. If I had plenty of time,
or the House would agreeto extend it, I would
yield to my colleague with great pleasure. But
I am indebted for the short time that I am now
entitled to the floor entirely to the courtesy of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van
Wyck,] and I shall probably not have time to
make the remarks that have suggested them-
selves to me as appropriate on this occasion.
I do not, wish to do my colleague or any one
else any injustice. His statement is on the
record here, and if I do him any injustice he
can correct me hereafter.
I understood him to state, in regard to these
Treasury regulations, that they were intended
to aid in the perpetration of frauds. II that
is so is it not the duty of my colleague to^bring
before the House the instructions to which he
refers, in order that we may judge whether or
not the Secretary of the Treasury has been a
party to these frauds upon the country .
N ow, it is a very easy matter to deal in general
