206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
ton willbe relieved from tax, and millions of dol-
lars will be put into the hands of the planters in
the South—not only into the hands of the rich
but into the hands of poor men ; and with this
money they will be enabled to prepare for pro-
ducing the next crop of cotton, for it is beyond
controversy that many of the planters have
held their crop wherever they possibly could ;
they have incurred debts with the expectation
that Congress would relieve them from the pay-
ment of this tax.
This objection, it seems to me, is not one
that carries with it much force; for whenever
a tax is imposed to take effect at a certain time
it always affects certain classes favorably and
certain other classes unfavorably. When you
impose a tax on a given day upon whisky, cer-
tain men lose by the imposition of the tax and
Other men make money. So, when you im-
pose a tax upon any other article, it is impos-
sible that the act should operate equally upon
all persons, for all persons may not be in
the same circumstances; but that is no good
reason why the law should not be passed. So
when you propose to relieve cotton from this
tax it may be that certain persons will be un-
duly benefited by the amendment, but that is
no good reason why it should not be adopted.
But, sir, it has been urged that if the repeal
be made applicable to the present crop, certain
persons who have purchased cotton would claim
that it still belonged to the producer, and would
therefore obtain a remission of the tax, and
that in that way frauds might be perpetrated
upon the revfenue of the Government. Suppose
that to be the case; it is no sufficient argument
against the adoption of this amendment; for
while certain individuals who ought not to
obtain the benefit of this amendment may do
so, yet it is true that, a great many needy and
deserving persons would be benefited by the
removal of the tax; and if it should so happen
that some persons who have purchased cotton
should avail themselves, even by fraudulent
practices, of the benefit of this amendment, it
would not then be so very objectionable; for
the fact is that the men who are denounced as
speculators, who have purchased this cotton,
are not now able to sell it for what they paid
for it a month ago, because cotton, within the
last month, has fallen in price; and if the men
who purchased it a month or two months ago
were to receive the benefit of a remission of
the tax, they would not be able to realize more
from the sale of the cotton than they paid to
the producer. The fact, therefore, that a few
such persons may receive the benefit of the
law, is no reason why it should not be made
applicable to the great class of producers, who
have been holding their cotton with the expect-
ation that they would be relieved by such legis-
lation.
But, sir, it has been argued here that this
legislation is not necessary because there is no
clanger of foreign competition. That argument,
if it has any force whatever, applies to the
general bill more particularly than it does to
the amendment which I have proposed. I say
that if 5ny legislation at all upon this subject
be necessary it is necessary that it should take
effect at once, so that the persons who have
been disappointed in the prices this year shall
be relieved, and it is the testimony of all who
have been concerned in raising the present
crop, so far as I know, that to relieve them
from the payment of this tax will not only
benefit the rich, but will benefit the poor ; it
will enable those who have employed the poor
black men of the South to pay what is due to
them, and to pay the other debts which have
been incurred in producing the crop.
Much is said here about speculators, as
though the men who purchase this crop were
persons that ought to meet with disfavor at the
hands of Congress. Sir, if there were no
persons to purchase the crop what advantage
would there be in raising it? Certainly there
must be purchasers and consumers as well as
producers. If persons who are purchasers,
and who are called speculators, have gone into
the southern States, have purchased cotton,
and have paid for it, we are not to refuse relief
under this bill because it is apprehended that
we may extend some benefit to them. I do
not see why they are not as meritorious as
other persons, and particularly when it appears
that upon their hands, since they have made
the purchase, the cotton has fallen in price so
that they will be no more than indemnified, or
made whole, if the tax is removed from all of
the present crop.
Now, sir, I fiud by the report of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture that there is great
reason why this tax should be removed so as
to promote and encourage the growth of cotton
in this country. It appears from that report
that a competition from other countries with
American cotton has sprung up in the English
market which is imperiling the success of cot-
ton growing in the United States. According
to that report there were imported into Great
Britain from all other places 2,580,297 pounds
of cotton during the year 1866, while during
ten months of the year 1867, up to the 1st of
October, there were imported into Great Brit-
ain 4,356,239 pounds, showing that there has
been a great increase in the importations into
Great Britain of cotton from other countries
in the year 1867 over the year 1806, showing
that the business of raising cotton has been
permanently established in foreign countries
during our war, and making it necessary that
we should legislate so as to promote the growth
of cotton in the United States, and thus by its
expqrtation maintain the balance of trade in
our favor.
It has been suggested that the manufactur-
ing of cotton ought to be protected, and not
the production of the article. Manufacturing
in the southern States at this time is an incon-
siderable business. Little or no capital, as I
understand, is invested there now in manufac-
turing of any kind or description. Then, sir,
to undertake to build np a manufacturing in-
terest in the southern States by this tax upon
cotton in the face of the great and growing
necessities of that people at this time is simply
to crush them into the earth, is trying to
accomplish something which cannot be accom-
plished, greatly to the expense and injury of
the people concerned.
I say, therefore, that we ought at this time,
in view of all the circumstances, to relieve the
people of the South ; and if it should become
apparent at a future time, in another year or
at some greater distance in the future, that
such a tax as this can be imposed upon cotton
without injury to the interests of the country,
then it may be so imposed ; but our legislation
at this time should be directed particularly to
the relief of those people whose poverty and
sufferings admit of no postponement of our
action.
In my humble judgment this tax is a tax of
doubtful constitutionality. I shall not under-
take to argue that question, because it has been
determined by the Senate, and there are reasons
enough independent of any such as arise out
of the construction of the Constitution for the
repeal of this tax. But I do concur in what the
Commissioner says, that this ig an exceptional
tax; that it is unprecedented in the history of
the United States, and that it is,one that ought
not to be allowed. I do not believe that it is
good policy, or one that the people of this coun-
try will sustain, to tax agricultural'products,
to tax cotton, or wheat, or any other of the
agricultural products of the country. They
ought to be free; they ought to be encouraged;
and there is no greater reason, as it seems to
me, at this time why we should tax cotton than
why we should tax wheat or corn or any other
agricultural product.
During the war there was aneeessity to which
everything was made to yield, and because the
exigencies of the country demanded'it this tax
was imposed. But now the rebellion has been
suppressed, and we are proceeding to reduce
the taxes of the country, and this is the first
step that we ought to take, not particularly
because it will benefit certain persons in the
South alone, but because it will benefit the
whole country. Appropriations are made for
the benefit of the people of the South; repre-
sentations are made to us that thousands and
tens of thousands of people there are poor and
necessitous and are crying to the Government
for relief because they have not the comforts
of life. Certainly, if that be so. this relief might
be very properly extended to them in this way,
instead of taking millions of money out of
the southern States, as we do by this tax, and
sending it back in another shape in the sup-
port of bureaus and establishments of that
kind. It is better, as it seems to me, for the
whole country that we should let the people
of the South have the little money which they
make under the unfavorable circumstances in
which they are placed. I say, therefore, sir,
that this tax is an exceptional tax ; that it is
one which should not become a precedent in
the history of this country; that it is our duty
as soon as practicable to abolish it and permit
the agricultural productions of the country,
wherever they may be produced, to be free
from taxation.
No considerations upon this subject should
influence our judgment growing out of the
rebellion. Allusion has been made to these
people as having been enemies of the Govern-
ment. That is an argument which applies
when any political question is presented to the
Senate ; but it is not true that all the people
who have been engaged in raising cotton were
enemies of the Government, for many persons
who owned lands rented those lands upon
shares to the negroes, the laborers, and tliey
expected to be paid in a portion of the crop
which they have produced, so that they are
interested. Thousands of northern men, too,
have gone down there with their capital and
have engaged in this business, and they are to
be benefited by the removal of this tax. It
is not, therefore, a legitimate argument to urge
here that some who maybe benefited by this
legislation were once in rebellion against the
Government.
1 do not understand as well as some others, I
presume, the way in which cotton is disposed
of in the southern States; but I believe that
merchants who buy the cotton or expect to
buy it make advances upon the crop, and.so it
becomes mortgaged to the merchants before it
is ready to be delivered in the market. If this
tax is removed those persons who have so
mortgaged their crop for the payment of their
debts will be benefited by this legislation, and
will be enabled with less difficulty to meet the
engagements which they have incurred in pro-
ducing the crop. ~
Without protracting my remarks, Mr. Pres-
ident, I submit that if we are to legislate at all
in reference to the repeal of this tax we ought
to make the repeal applicable at this time and
to the present crop.
^ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I simply rise,
sir, to state that I have received a number of
letters from different parts of the South, and
also several letters from my constituents, all
verifying the statements of the letters read by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance;
all certifying to the great and almost universal
destitution of the South ; and it appears to me
that it amounts to oppression for this Govern-
ment to say that it will exact one fourth of all
that that destitute people are worth at this time.
And, sir,-I think it very important politically,
while the southern States are in the process
of reconstruction, that they should have the
friendly care of and have a kind feeling engen-
dered toward the Government.
Aside from these considerations, however,
if I understand the operations of this tax, it is
simply that the levy of two and a half cents a
pound on cotton here is a bounty on the growth
of cotton in India of forty per cent, on its value
there. Now we certainly do not want to cul-
tivate this competition with a great staple of
our own. We want to cultivate the market of
America, and not of India. More than that,
just at this time, when it is so important that
this country should retain its gold, it is of great
consequence that >e should encouri%e tho eul-
