3638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to inquire whether
this amount is the salary of the clerk who has
charge ot' these books and records.
Mr. W1LLKY. This is not an appropriation,
let it be understood ; it is to authorize this sum
to be paid out of the Patent Office fund. Of
course it requires the care and attention of
some person, some clerk, to take charge of
this copyright matter.
Mr. HAELAN. Is this the clerk's salary
provided for in this way ?
Mr. WILLEY. I do not know.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose it to be ; and if
so, there is hardly a doubt that it ought to be
passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the
trouble ; it does not appear.
Mr. WILLEY. This isnot an appropriation,
be it remembered. These books and charts
and copyrights must bo taken care of by some
person ; and to enable that to be done the per-
son employed nimt be paid for. The object
of passing this is to avoid making a draft upon
the Treasury to do it; that the party who per-
forms it shall be paid out of the Patent Office
fund. That is the object of the appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The difficulty
which the committee had still remains. The
Senator from Iowa raises the point precisely
of embarrassment in the case. It does not
purport to bean appropriation fora clerk, and
the Senator from \Vest Virginia does not un-
derstand that it is to pay the salary of a clerk.
If it were so, of course it would say so ; but
the language of the appropriation itself nega-
tives the idea that it is for a clerk. It is for
"expenses." Expenses for what? Not for a
clerk ; but " expenses of receiving, arranging,
and taking care of copyright books, charts,
and other copyright matter." What are those
expenses? They are not the payment of a
clerk. ^ What are the expenses incident to
receiving books and other copyright matter ?
The Government provides a building for them,
the Patent Oilice. Of course there is no ex-
pense for runt. The Government provides for
that out of the general appropriation. The
Government employs all the clerks and pays
all the clerks that I know of, that are neces-
sary for this or for any other work. The lan-
guage of the appropriation itself negatives the
idea that it can be for any clerical service.
The difficulty in this case is there is not the
slightest specilication or the slightest informa-
tion about it; ami my honorable friend from
Iowa, who has had charge of that Department,
to ihe satisfaction ot the country, 1 am very glad
to say, does not himself know. He seems to
think it is for a clerk , but it is not for a clerk.
It is so much money, $1,800, drawn from the
Patent Otliee lund lor a class of expense which
it is not possible for me to conceive really can
exist there. It may be all right; lam not
saying it is not; but the Committee on Appro-
priations on the part ot the House having left
it out, and there being nothing but the former
appropriation on the subject, and no informa-
tion whatever about it, the Co mmitteeon Appro-
priations turned it over to the Committee on
Patents in the hope that that committee would
find some item of expenditure which might be
charged to the Patent Office fund.
The Senator from West Virginia thinks that
he has stated a justification for this appropria-
tion when he says that it is not an appropria-
tion.- The honorable Senator moves it on an
appropriation bill, and if it is not an appropri-
ation why should it be moved on this bill?
The truth is, Mr. President, it does appropriate
so much money, and it appropriates it out of
the l'rea-niry of the United States; for this
money, although called the Patent Office fund,
is really in the Treasury of the United States,
and not one dollar ofitcan be taken out excopt
upon a specific appropriation of this character.
Now, I state to the Senator from West Vir-
ginia that there does seem to be here an en-
tire absence of all information whatever which
authorizes an appropriation for the expenses
of receiving, arranging, and taking care of
copyright books. I dare say that they have
books of this character, and charts, and copy-
right matter. There is no doubt about that;
but I submit that the clerical force which has
charge of it is paid for by the general appro-
priation bill; the clerks are appropriated for
in the general bill; and there is an utter
absence here of any item of expense of that
Department which justifies, as I submit, the
appropriation of one dollar.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I took it for
granted when the Secretary of the Interior
thought it necessary to address a letter to one
of the committees of the Senate in regard to
this matter, calling the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that the usual appropriation
in this behalf had been omitted, that that fact
alone was sufficient to justify us in the belief that
the appropriation was required, was proper to
be made. There are a variety of duties to be
performed with these records, maps, charts,
and books, a copy of all of which that are copy-
righted is to be sent to this Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Scna-
torallow me to inquire whether he has informa-
tion that this money is to be expended for the
pay of any clerk there?
Mr. WILLEY. I have no direct informa-
tion how it is to be expended, or in what
manner it is to be expended. 1 suppose that
is a matter wholly under the direction and
within the discretion of the Secretary of the
Interior. As I read to the Senate just now, it
is made the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to see that these books, these maps, these
charts, these copyrights are received ; that they
are filed; that they are indoised ; that they are
preserved. The language of the law is :
" And it shall be the duty of theelerk of each district
court, at least onec in every year, to transmit a certi-
fied list of all such records of copyright, including
the titles so recorded and the dates of rccord, and
also all the several copies of books or other works
deposited in his office accoiding to this act to the
Secretary of State, to be preserved in his office."
Now they are required to be sent to the
Secretary of the Interior. Now, sir, does it
require anybody to inform the Senator from
Maine that it will need some person to do this?
Why, sir, how many books are copyrighted
within a year? How many maps; how many
charts; how many of these lists are sent from
the district courts that are to be filed, that are
to be labeled, that are to be used afterward as
matter of evidence, as matter of history? They
must necessarily be put in order they must
be filed ; they must be preserved. There must
be an index to them. It is made the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior to do this. Any
person must see that it will require at least one
clerk, if no more, to discharge these duties.
1 did not say that this was not an appropri-
ation, but I did say it was not an ordinary
appropriation ; it was not a draft to be made
upon the Treasury which is raised by taxes ;
but it is to coino out of the Patent Office fund.
That, in fact, is the point of this whole amend-
ment. It seeks to relievo the general Treasury
from the burden of this duty and wishes to pay
the expense of doing it out of the Patent Office
fund.
1 cannot imagine that the Secretary of the
Interior would have taken the pains to send a
letter here to the committee, asking them to
incorporate in the bill the ordinary appropria-
tion, which, it seems; has been appropriated
in the appropriation acts for many years past,
without any question or objection—I cannot
imagine that he would desire an appropriation
to be made, to be placed under his control,
unless it was for an honest and fair and neces-
sary purpose. Therefore I did not think it
necessary to go and inquire whether these
duties were discharged by a clerk or by the '
Secretary of the Interior himself, or by whom !
they were discharged. Most unquestionably j
they must be discharged by some subordinate '
employdiu the Department. Whether he is a 1
clerk, or what you may call him, I do not
know.
It ia a matter of entire indifference to me
whether this amendment is inserted or not
At the request of the Secretary of the Interior
I have laid the facts, as he submitted them to
me, before the Senate, and the Senate can'
vote the amendment in or not 3 it is all alike
to me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment oflered by the Sen-
ator from West Virginia.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 16, noes 6; no quorum voting.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Chair will divide
the Senate again I think it will disclose the
presence of a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If Senators
will vote, the question can be disposed of.
The question being again put, the amend-
ment was agreed to ; there being, on a division
—ayes 20, noes 9.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner
ot Patents be authorized to rent such rooms as may-
be necessary for the speedy and convenient transac-
tion of the business of the office, and to'pay for the
same out of the patent fund.
I will send to the desk a letter from the
Secretary ot the Interior, and also a letter from
the acting Commissioner of Patents, to be read.
I will send the printed copy of the same letters
that were sent to the House of Representa-
tives ; it will be more easily read. I have the
originals here.
The Chief Clerk read the following letters:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., April 17,1868.
Sir: The acting Commissioner of Patents, in a let-
ter dated ihe 15thinstant, bas brought to my notice
the piesent state of the business pending before his
office, and the absolute necessity which exists for in-
creased accommodation for the examining and cler-
ical iorce under his control.
Applications for patents have been and are rapidly
increasing; the number received duiing a given time
at the present being quadruple the number received
during a like period a tew years ago, necessitating
increased clerical force and corresponding room.
The business ot the Patent Office cannot be properly
and successfully transacted withoutincreased accom-
modations in room, and that cannot be had without
renting a building contiguous, it possible, to the De-
partment lor the use of the Pension Bureau.
I inclose herewith a copy of the acting Commis-
sioner's letter, Irom. which \t is obvious that without
increased facilities it wjII be impossible for his olSce
to meet the just expectations of a class of people
whose claims are entitled to exemption from the
tedious delays to which &uch an increasing accumu-
lation of business will inevitably and unavoidably
subject them.
I earnestly commend the subject to the favorable
consideration ot Congress, and respectlully request
that authority be given to rent a suitable building
for the purposes above indicated, and ttiat adequate
appropriation may be made theretor.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
0. H. BROWNING-, Stcrtfuri/.
lion. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker IZousts of Rcjjrvseut-
atives, Washington, D. Q.
Patent Office,
Washington, D. C., April 15, IStfS.
Sir: Allow me to earnestly invite your attention
to the great necessity which now exists for more
rooms for the use of this office, and to invoke your
assistance m the premises.
It is a fact that while the bu&ine&s of the office has
increased gradually since 1861, until it is now nearly
fourfold as great as it was then, the number of rooms
has been scarcely increased at all. We have now
twenty principal examiners, as many first assistant
examiners, and a liko number ot second assistant
examiners; and each principal examiner, with his
two assistants, witk the addition of one and some-
times two clerks, occupies but one room. In this one
room the principal examiner conducts his examina-
tion ot applications tor patents, while both his assist-
ants are engaged upon other applications under his
supervision.
The models, drawings, and papers of these appli-
cations have to be exposed to viewin thesamerooia,
while the agents, attorneys, and parties are admitted
to make their inquiries, explanations, and argu-3
ments. Ot course, while an argument is being made'
by a party or attorney before the principal exam.-:
mer, both hib assistants engaged in other work are*
mare or less disturbed by it. Xhey may be in fact
engaged in hearing other arguments at the same
time. Confusion and loss of time and efficiency must
be^the consequence.
Still another flagrant evil is the result of the
crowded condition of these rooms, which is, that
attorneys and parties do see and hear things which
do not concern them, and wnich therefore they omght
not to see or hear, and some of them do and will
take a dishonorable advantage of thoknowledge thus
obtained. Thus innocent parties may be injured and
scandal entailed upon the oilico.
From this showing it would follow that at lea^t
two rooms ought to be allowed each principal exam-
