2614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
revive our declining and dying commerce we
shall soon have no foreign commerce at all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman "from
Massachusetts to give way and allow me to
move that the bill be referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; I will not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That committee has
authority to report at any time.
Mr. ELIOT. I decline.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As it is a free-trade bill
it strikes me it ought to go before that com-
mittee.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I make the point of
order that this bill provides for the refunding
of duties, which is a subject that properly be-
longs to the Committee of Ways and Means.
It provides that drawbacks shall be allowed on
duties, and that is a subject that belongs to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. It belongs to the Com-
mittee on Commerce if the House refers it to
that committee.
Mr. PIKE. This very bill was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that the House
lias a right to refer any bill to'any committee
it thinks has proper charge of the subject. This
bill was referred on the 16th of March to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELIOT. Now I propose that the bill
be postponed till 
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
expire in two minutes.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
move to postpone the further consideration of
the bill till the second Wednesday in June next
after the morning hour, and inake^it the special
order from day to day until disposed of, and
that it be printed.
Mr. PIKE. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. Well, if the gentleman from
Maine takes the responsibility of objecting 
Mr. PIKE. The bill is now before the
House for action, and it will go over until the
morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. ELIOT. The bill has not been printed
as it now stands. There are two sections of
the bill which were not contained in the bill as
it was referred to the committee. I do not
feel disposed after what has been said to press
a bill of this importance through the House
until the House have had a fair opportunity to
examine and discuss it. I make the proposi-
tion for postponement again, and I hope the
gentleman frotn Maine will not object.
Mr. PIKE. The important sections of the
bill have been printed, and members will find
them in House bill printer's number 310. The
other two sections added by the committee are
of very slight importance, indeed, and for one
I should be perfectly willing to have them
stricken out. Mean time the bill will go over
until to-morrow, and it can be printed to-night,
so that gentlemen may examinait.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman may have his
own views about the importance of portions of
the bill. Perhaps 1 should differ with him. At
any rate I make the proposition, and I hope
the gentleman will not object.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. HARDING. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I must go on and dis-
cuss the bill now. How much is there left of
the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. One minute.
Mr. EL LOT. It is hardly worth while to
commence its discussion now. I hope the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harding] will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. HARDING-. I cannot consent that
other business shall be obstructed for the pur-
pose of exempting articles of import from
duty.
Sir. ELIOT. It is no exemption. I simply
desire to enable the House to transact other
public business.
Mr. HARDING. I want to transact other
business, and never to transact business of this
kind.
Mr. ELIOT. I think the gentleman speaks
without sufficient knowledge. The result of
his objection will be that the bill will come up
to-morrow.
Mr. HARDING. Well, I withdraw the
objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there further objection
to the proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts?
Mr. PIKE. What is it?
The SPEAKER.. That the bill be assigned
as a special order for the second Wednesday
in June.
Mr. PIKE. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until the next
morning hour. If there is no objection, the
bill will be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and the order was
madei
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. 11. No. V8G)
declaring St. George Boothbay, in the State of
Maine, and San Antonio, Texas, ports of entry,
and authorizing the establishment of bonded
warehouses at Bucksport and Vinalhaven, in
the State of Maine, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 216) to amend
an act entitled " An act grauting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in Cal-
ifornia, to Portland, in Oregon;" and a bill
(S. No. 183) for the relief of William H. Har-
nian; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Blaine in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 1073, mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,1869.
The CHAIRMAN. The first reading of the
bill has been dispensed with, and the House
yesterday ordered that all general debate on
the bill be limited to thirty minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I was in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to report the bill which is now under consid-
eration. It has been prepared by the commit-
tee with great labor, which the extreme com-
plication of the bill rendered necessary. The
committee labored under ve'ry^great embar-
rassments. They could only deal--with the
appropriations under existing laws; and while
they were convinced that many of these appro-
priations ought not to be made, so far as ih^
propriety of the action of the Government is
concerned, yet being required by law they felt
themselves constrained to report the appropria-
tions.
I think I speak the unanimous opinion of
the committee when I say that the whole system
of Indian affairs, as at present administered,
is wrong in principle, unjust to the Indian, and
a source of the very greatest corruption and
fraud by the agents of the Government. At
the present day our manner of dealing with
the Indian tribes has not advanced upon that
established by William Penn. We treat with
them as with independent nations, sovereign
powers, allowing them all the rights and privi-
leges of the first Powers of Europe, and using
all the forms with which we treat with those
Powers. It is true that William Penn made a
treaty with the Indians. But he made a treaty,
not as between Great Britain and an Indian
tribe, but between an expedition of colonists
and powerful tribes of Indians. Wo now Keep
up the same system, except that this great nation
of ours makes solemn treaties with tribes that
have no written language, and who cannot read
the treaties which it is supposed their chiefs
signed with their marks. But those treaties
bear upon their face the evidence that they
are made in the interest of the officers and
employes of the United States, and not in the
interest of the Indians. _
Now, to give the Committee of the Whole
an illustration of how this is done, I have only
to refer to the whole class of treaties, in which
it is stipulated that there shall be wagoners,
blacksmiths, tinsmiths, armorers, carpenters,
mill-wrights, engineers, &c., employed by the
Indians. It may be said that that is in favor-
of the Indians. But what do you think of a
provision in a treaty between two great nations,
that the houses of these employes shall be kept
in repair and that their furniture shall be kept
up ? Let me illustrate ; suppose a treaty was
made with Great Britain in which the United
States agreed that United States officers should
do something, and you expect that Great
Britain would put a provision in the treaty that
the houses of the employes of the United States
should be kept in repair and that their furni-
ture should be kept up.
Now, that shows clearly that these treaties
with the Indians are made by the agents of the
United States in favor of the employes of the
United States. It evidences to any man who
will investigate the subject that the whole sys-
tem of dealing with the Indians is one of fraud
and wrong. John Randolph once said, many
years ago, in his caustic manner, that to be an
Indian agepl- would corrupt the angel Gabriel.
I do not,t-tnnk there has been any improvement
" at time, and until Congress shall adopt
soqKi method of bringing the Indian tribes into
the condition either of wards of the nation or
If citizens of the soil with qualified rights, so
'long our whole Indian system must continue
one of wrong, of fraud, and of corruption. .
Why, sir, there are estimates for thousands
of dollars' worth of goods to be given to these
Indians under treaty stipulations; and there
are estimates of as many dollars to carry these
goods to the Indians as the goods themselves
are worth. It is a well-ascertained fact before
the committee from many sources, that not
more than one half, sometimes, perhaps, not
one quarter are ever sent to or received by the
Indians. There have been appropriations
made year after year for goods tor Indians;
and those appropriations have been exhausted
when the Indians themselves testify that in
some cases they have received nothing for
years, and in other cases very little. Contracts
have been made for goods to be delivered at
prices less than the goods can be purchased for
in St. Louis. It may be asked how can that
be done? It maybe done, and it is done,
because not one half of the goods are ever
delivered to or received by the Indians, but all
of them are always paid tor. There has been-
one instance come to the knowledge of the
committee where large contracts of hundreds
and thousands of dollars' worth of expenditures
have been made for feeding the Indians; and
the only voucher on which that money has been
paid out has been that of the party who was
appointed to acknowledge the receipt of the
goods; and that party so acknowledging the
receipt of the goods was, prior to the time of
his appointment, and I have no doubt is now,
a cleik in the house of the firm who were to
deliver the goods, the delivery of which this
clerk was to certify. It is fiot within the prov-
ince of the Committee of Appropriations to
deal with this matter. I have called the atten-
tion of the House to the matter only ill order
that they may see the difficulties under which
we labor ; and in the hope that there may !>e
some legislation recommended by which the
whole system can be changed.
The Indians now bear to us very much the
same relation as nearly a century ago the
Highlanders of Scotland bore to the kingdom
