1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
interest, in the result of the ease; and if the
Senate ought to be so organized upon the trial
it ought to be so organized in deciding the rules
which shall govern that trial.
I am not able to gee that there ought to be a
doubt on this question. If the Chief Justice
must preside when the Senate shall try the
case he ought to preside when the Senate de-
cides how H will try the case, what forms of pro-
ceeding shall be observed, what rights shall be
secured to counsel, what rights shall be re-
served to Senators. Many of these rules are
exceedingly important.
Mr. HOWE, Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question ? I ask simply for information
whether the Senator holds that if these rules
were prescribed by the court the presiding
- officer of that court would have a voice and vote
in determining the rules?
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. I should say that when
it came to a vote on adopting a rule he would
not have a vote; but I answer the question
without much reflection. Does the Senator
wish to ask any further question ?
Mr. HOWJ3. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, sir, the logic of
the Senator's question is this: that it is not
important, inasmuch as the Chief Justice has
no vote, whether we adopt the rules before he
takes the seat or afterward. I might go still
further and say that there is no reason in that
provision of the Constitution then which re-
quires that he shall preside in a particular class
of cases, inasmuch as he has no vote upon the
hearing and , decision. But I wish to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin this question: if the
Constitution provides that the Chief Justice
must preside here, and that this must be a
court with; the Chief Justice as the presiding
officer when the trial takes place, ought we not
to decide how the case shall be tried when he
is in his seat? In a case where the Chief Jus-
tice must preside, is it proper that the Senate,
in his absence, when the Vice President or Pres-
ident pro tempore is occupying the cliair, who
may succeed in case the impeachment is suc-
cessful—is it right with that organization of
the Senate to prescribe the rules which shall
govern the court which the Constitution itself
provides for ? ..
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator puts the ques-
tion to me to be .answered, I have only to say
that if a power be given to a certain number of
men to determine a particular tiling, I cannot
conceive what difference it can make whether
that tiling be determined on one day or another;
nor can i conceive" what difference it would
make whether that aggregation of men or con-
vention of men be called a Senate or a court at
the time they make the determination.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, let me ask the
Senator another question. There are rales,
you say by the rules themselves, to govern a
court. This is not a Legislature ; this is but the
Senate; and separate from the House of Rep-
resentatives this body has no power to pre-
scribe a rule except for its own government.
We are soon to resolve ourselves into another
tribunal, a judicial tribunal; and in going into
that tribunal we-are, each one of us, to be sworn,
and we are to have a Presiding Officer not here
in the transaction of ordinary business. If it be
necessary und^r the Constitution that we should
be sworn in goi'ng into that cburt, is it right for
the Senate now to prescribe the rules which
shall govern that body? Oughtnotthose rules
which are to control the action of the court to be
adopted by ns after we have taken the oath ? If
it is proper that we should be sworn to try the
case properly, ought we not to be swbhi when
we decide how we will try the case?' If We say
now that but two counsel shall be used 011 each
side, and when we go into the court and are
sworn we believe that that is not a good rule,
ought we to have it upon us?
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire, is not
that as true where the Vice President is to pre-
side as in any other case? Should we not wait
until we are sworn in all cases of impeachment
before we make rules?
Mr. •HENDRICKS. I think so.
Mr. CONKLING. And yet the Senator's
amendment is confined to cases where the
Chief Justice presides.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly. If the Sen-
ator is not pleased with the amendment it is
no objeotion to come from him that it does not
go far enough. I might make that objection
to my o-wn amendment, but he cannot.
Mr. CONKLING. I am only testing the
consistency of the argument.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have made it to meet
the strongest possible case, the gravest case
that can arise, when the President of the Uni-
ted States is impeached; when the Constitution
requires that wo shall take an oath before we
come to the trial; when the Constitution re-
quires that the Chief Justice shall preside. In
such a case is it proper, in advance, that the
Senate, composed of a body of men not sworn
with a view to the particular case, shall decide
how the case shall be tried?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator-permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are notthese rules, when
we shall have been sworn, still subject to the
control of the body sitting for the trial? Can
we not amend, change, or dispense with any
one that does not suit 11s then ? The rules of
that body, whatever you call it, are always
subject to the will of that body. They only
stand so long as it is the pleasure of the
majority that they should stand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The suggestion of the
Senator admits that I am right. He asks if
the court cannot modify these rules? If we
have the power now to control the court prop-
erly, justly, and in the spirit of the Constitu-
tion, then it is a rule to the court as we may
prescribe it. But I am not prepared to answer
the question of the Senator. I do not know
whether the court can change the rule or not.
How cari our rules here be suspended, the or-
dinary rules that govern the proceedings of the
Senate? They can be suspended by a vote of
two thirds I believe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They can be suspended
011 a day's notice by a majority.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 believe we cannot
suspend them at all j we may modify them by
one day's notice. Then the rule is a law to
the court for one day, if these become ordi-
nary rules governed by the practice of the Sen-
ate. Now, ought the Senate, not organized
into this high court, not competent to take a
single step in the trial, to say how that trial
shall be conducted? Ought the twelve jurors,
in advance of being sworn, to consult together
and decide how they are going to conduct a
trial, so far as they are concerned, how they
shall conduct their deliberations? Ought the
twelve men, although impaneled as a jury
for the court, to meet together and say that
when they come to deliberate 011 their verdict
no juror shall occupy more than ten min-
utes in giving his opinion about the case?
Clearly not. It is doubtful whether they could
do it after they wont into the jury-room; but
before that they could not do it at all. And
my amendment is simply that in respect to
the rules which govern the action of the court
011 the trial, not those rules that change the
Senate into a court, but the material rules that
govern on the trial, they shall not govern the
court where the Chief Justice is to preside un-
til they be adopted by the court. I believe it
is right., and according to the spirit of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. HOWE. I agree with the Senator from
Indiana that twelve men impaneled to hear
a case as a jury would not have the power to
make any such rules before they were sent to
their room, and I think it is simply for the
reason that they would not have any authority
to make &uch rules when they got into thejury-
room. They have no such power to make rules
to govern their proceedings ; they are impan-
eled under the direction of the court for a
single purpose, and that is to find a verdict, to
get at it the best way they can, each man hav-
ingjust as much power as any other man, and
the body having no power to control the judg-
ment or the action of any one of its members.
But the Senate has, I take it, authority to make
•rules for its own government and its own guid-
ance : and it is this Senate. I suppose, which
is to try all impeachments. I do not know of
anything which requires us to call it a court or
forbids us to call it a court; but it is the Sen-
ate after all, I suppose, which triesull impeach-
ments. If you call if a court it does not make *
it anything else than the Senate, because the
Constitution confers on the Senate the power
to try impeachments. If the Senate can try,
the Senate must be capable, it seems to me, to
make rules to govern the-trial. There is a
single qualification or modification about the
trial of a President upon articles of impeach-
ment, and that is what? That the Chief Jus-
tice,-not a member of the Senate, shall be
brought in to preside over that trial, nothing
more, nothing less. The Senator from Indiana
concedos that he would not be entitled to vote,
or to speak, I suppose ; that is, to argue any
question which might arise on the trial of the
causc. . -
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question. These rules, among other
things, confer upon the Chief Justice presiding
the power to decide certain questions, ques-
tions of the admissilility of evidence. These
may be very important. It is conferring upon
him a power which lie would not possess in
the absence of the rule. Now, that is a power
which he is to exercise in the court, which we
confer upon him when not organized into the
court and not under oath.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know to what clause
of the rules the Senator now refers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The seventh rule :
"The presiding officer of the court may rule
all questions of evidence and incidental ques-
tions, which ruling shall stand as the judgment
of the-court, unless some member of the court
shall ask" a vote.
That is not-an act of maintaining decorum
and propriety in the Senate ; it is a judgment, it
is a decision, unless reversed by the Senate,
whether tlio testimony is admissible or not
admissible. It is the power of a court until
reversed, which he does not possess under the
clause of the Constitution, which says simply
that he may preside and maintain order and
decorum. We confer this power upon him not
as a court, not as a legislative body able to
enact laws, but simply by rule of the- Senate.
1 do not think we ought to -do it.
Mr. HOWE. We confer that power upon
him m pursuance of the authority of the Sen-
ate to make rules for its government in any
particular 111 which the Senate may be called
upon to act, as the Constitution says we may.
Now, in any possible contingency, if we hare
the authority at any time to confer the power
mentioned 111 the seventh rule upon the pre-
siding ofheer, does it make any possible dif-
ference whether we do it to-day or to-morrow,
whether we do it when the Chief Justice is
fr? °r ,y,hen he is absent. If I could see
that it did I might hesitate upon the point;
but, as the same identical individuals are to do
the thing whenever it is done, I cannot for my
fife see what difference it can make whether it
; is done on one day or another.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
, tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
j tor from Indiana. J
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secra-
tary will read the next rule.
lows-6 Seoretary read rule twenty-four, as fol-
in* form, Jlmeff^You'1 ^ SW°rn in-,tb° foI1°^-
ted sf-i " 1£e case now Pending between tfaeUni-
whnlp?in?K ^—IT-—r~ shaU be tbe truth, the
God Wh&h  £ Jb"t th° truth. So help you
retary ^ ^ be administered by the See-
