90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Tax on Distilled Spirits—Mr. Marshall.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
charges of this kind. To what extent has the
Secretary of the Treasury or the President
appointed thieves and robbers to office? Or
when have they, if appointed, been called to
the attention of the President or Secretary,
and they been asked to exert their power to
remove? Name the man, the occasion, the cir-
cumstance j and if they have been guilty of
offences of this kind let them be condemned
by the country, by history, and by the world.
Sir, no man's reputation is safe if a member
upon this floor deems that lie is authorized to
get up here and deal in wholesale defamation
of public officers without bringing forward one
particle of proof or a single fact against any
one of them. If my colleague [Mr. Logan]
will reflect a moment he must sec that such a
course is unjust—one which cannot be sustained
for a moment upon any principle of justice or
fair dealing among men.
Mr. LOGAN. Does the gentleman desire
me to state a case? X can do so.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would yield to the
gentleman if it did not come out of my time.
The SPEAKER,pro tempore, [Mr. Wisdom.]
It must coine out of the gentleman's time.
Mr. MARSHALL. If my colleague can
state a ease, let him, when he has the floor,
(and he has much better opportunities of ob-
taining it than I have,) bring forward his
charges; let him prove them ; it is his duty to
do so if he has facts upon which to base
them; and then let the facts go before the
country. If there is no other mode of punish-
ment let the country at least know that these
high officials are conniving at or participating
in these enormous frauds. I will bo the last
man in the House to attempt to shield them if
they are guilty of these enormities. But I say
here that I do not believe such to be the fact.
I certainly do not believe that the President or
the Secretary of the Treasury has knowingly
aided-in the perpetration of these frauds.
Why, sir, what do they know personally of the
men appointed to official position throughout
this broad land? Neither the President nor
the Secretary of the Treasury knows personally
one man in a thousand of those appointed.
The appointees are recommended by members
of Congress—by my colleague [Mr. Logax]
and gentlemen on that side of the House to a
much greater extent than by any on this side.
The men holding the public offices of the coun-
try under presidential appointment are men
appointed either by Mr. Lincoln or Mr. John-
son with the approbation of the Senate of the
United States. It is a notorious fact that no
member of the Democratic party proper can
pass the ordeal of the Senate for any appoint-
ment. The appointments throughout the
country have been made from men within the
Republican^party. So far as my colleague's
speech was intended to have a partisan bearing
let me say that he must know that the Demo-
cratic party proper has had no part or lot in
the collection of the revenues of the Govern-
ment. Secretary McCulloch stated on oath
before the Judiciary Committee that nineteen
out of twenty of the officials in his Department
were not only not Democrats but Radicals,
supporters of the policy of Congress j and Mr.
Rollins, the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, admitted to be a strong Radical, was
present when the testimony was given and
assented to the statement. So it is all over
the country.
The effort of my colleague to give this mat-
ter a paitisan turn must be met, and may be
rightfully met, in this way: iu all Governments
trauds occasionally occur. Now and then, un-
der every Administration, a scoundrel getsinto
ofhee. Even under good old Democratic Ad-
ministrations there occasionally got into office
some man who perpetrated frauds upon the
Government; but they were promptly turned
out when the fact was discovered. It was not
till the advent of the Republican party to power
that robbery of the people became 'a fine art
[laughter] and was indulged in all over the coun-
try. A distinguished Republican Senator from
New Hampshire (Mr. Hale) has testified in the
Senate, and a distinguished Republican Rep-
resentative from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes J
has testified in this House that more of the
money of the people was stolen during the first
year of Mr. Lincoln's Administration than the
entire expenses of' conducting the Government
during the four years of Mr. Buchanan's Ad-
ministration. And, sir, that inundation of
thievery which commenced then has been grow-
ing and rolling and swelling from that day to
this until the people are brought to poverty in
one section of the country and to starvation in
another. If the party that brought about this
thing has any remedy to offer it is time the
remedy should be presented. When the people
are crying for relief from the enormous burdens
which are weighing them down it is high time
that this party, now upon its last legs and about
to retire from power forever, should inaugurate
some system by which the people may be here-
after protected from such robbery as that by
which they have suffered. There are many
ways of introducing reform and protecting the
interests of the people. 1 know of one method
which I think would be infallible, and I hope
my colleague, or if that is hopeless, at least that
the honest masses who have been deceived by
the false pretensions of the party in power, will
join me in bringing about the desired reform.
I do not, I must confess, have very strong
hopes that my colleague will unite in the pro-
posed effort, but the remedy is a palpable one,
and that is to go back to the old principles
and practice of Democratic administration,
bring in a Democratic President and a Demo-
cratic Congress, and introduce the principles of
economy and justice which were always carried
out when that party was in power. Then this
robbery of the people will cease. I will guar-
anty it, sir. The history of our Government
from its loundation to the present time fur-
nishes irrefragible evidence that this is the
remedy, and now the only remedy.
My colleague proposes one plan by which to
increase the revenue from the whisky tax. I
propose another plan, and that is to get rid
right now of this paity which has thus wronged
and oppressed the people, and brought deso-
lation, ruin, mourning, and woeto our fair land.
Let the slick, unctuous gentlemen around me
bow themselves out of those Halls, and lot the
old fashioned Democratic administration come
into power, and I will guaranty that we will
have an Administration which will relieve the
people of the enormous burdens which are now
crushing out their very lives, and that we will
drive the thieves and money-changers in dis-
grace and ignominy from this great temple of
liberty which they have been polluting and
desecrating.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question. Mr. Floyd, one of the old-
fashioned economists, has unfortunately de-
parted, but can he inform us whether Jacob
Thompson is accessible, and what means we
shall resort to in order to get him back?
[Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I have heard charges
against these men, and they may be true, but
Mr. Buchanan's Administration was not a favor-
ite of mine. I have, however, the testimony
of leading Republicans for saying that the steal-
ing during the first year of Air. Lincoln's Ad-
ministration amounted to a larger sum than it
cost to run Mr. Buchanan's Administration for
four years,_ stealings and all. [Great laughter.]
This thing of stealing, sir, has become a
wholesale business, and has grown to most
appalling proportions since the advent of the
Republican party to power, and it will cease,
in my judgment, the very day that it goes out
of power, and Tiot one moment sooner. The
present condition of the country, sir, ought not
to be considered cause for surprise or wonder
to any one who has brains enough to compre-
hend the natural and inevitable connection and
sequence between cause and effect. Similar
causes would produce similar results in any age
or in any country. The Abolition, now called
the Republican or Radical, party was founded
on the maxim, which they spread out on their
banners and boldly proclaimed to the world,
that "The United States Constitution is a cov-
enant with death and an agreement with hell,"
and that there was a higher law than the Con-
stitution, and no man was bound by its provis-
ions or obligations. And this party since it
came into power has been true to this theory
upon which it was founded. Every feature and
principle of that sacred instrument and every
safeguard put there for the protection of the
rights and liberties of the citizen have been
openly and defiantly trampled under foot by
tliisparty. And now its great leaders and Rep-
resentatives upon this floor openly proclaim
that they are administering the Government
" outside of" and in open defiance of the Con-
stitution. No wonder, Mr. Speaker, that all
sense of moral obligation has been destroyed
among their followers. No wonder that the
floodgates have been broken down and a del-
uge of crime, debauchery, and prostitution,
political, moral, and social, has swept over the
land. When the chosen and select prophets
of the sect openly and defiantly disregard the
sanctions and guarantees of that great charter
which they have just sworn to support why
should we wonder that the lesser lights and dis-
ciples should feel resting lightly upon them the
obligations of the commandment which says,
"thou shalt not steal," or be surprised when
we see them engaged in wholesale plunder and
debauchery ?
It was the most natural thing in the world
that when the leaders were engaged in violat-
ing their duties to the country and its Consti-
tution, the lesser lights should practice upon
the rules of venality which had been laid down
for them and go to filling their pockets. And
they have done it with a vengeance.
These robbers are now rioting in luxury all
over the land, while the honest, industrious
laboring people are borne down with poverty
and taxation. The very bread which they make
by the sweat of their brow is wrested from
them before it reaches the mouths of their
children, and one half of the revenue wrung
from them is taken to feed and clothe lazy, vag-
abond negroes, or put into the hands and
pockets of these plunderers.
-1 his system must cease, and there is a rem-
edy for itand the only remedy is to go back
to the original principles of the Government;
to reinstate that party in power which for
sixty years safely and economically carried on
the Government, and successfully prosecuted
two great foreign wars without any oppres-
sion of the citizen, any violation of the safe-
guards of the Constitution, and without sending
one single Federal tax gatherer among the peo-
ple to eat out their substance.
And how dare my colleague or any gentle-
man, in the presence of public and well-known
tacts, charge any of these frauds upon the Presi-
dent or upon any one outside of the partv now
in power ?_ By an act of Congress the Prosi
dent is stripped of his rightful power for the
correction of these evils. He cannot remove
a single man from office, not even one of his
own Cabinet ministers, or appoint a single man
to office without the consent of your Radical
Senate, ihe consequence is that while the
omces are now filled by Radicals all new
appointments must be made from that party.
It is sufficient for the Senate to know that a
man is a friend of the President or an opposer
o the Radical measures of Congress to secure
his rejection ; and, therefore, rather than have
these offices vacant that are necessary to be
lilted tor the public service, he time and again
sends m men of the Radical party, the very
elect of the party, and they are the only ones
who can be confirmed for positions of any
