1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
tiv;\: of cotton: for that is gold for all the
pnrp.^o" of exportation.
15e - les, wh"n this tax was laid, it was a tax
of on'v ono eighth of the value, anil now l>v
i-.remittances il comes to bo a tax ot one
fourth of the value of the crop. It is a tax
dint operates :\s heavily on the poor colored
man as it does upon tlie white man, tor this
cotton has been raised on shares bv contract
with the freedman. Beyond this, sir, it is a
lax which affects the W est and the East,
because we take from the cotton-grower the
ability to par his debts to the West and the
East, and his ability to make purchases of
them.
There was force—and I do not know that
it ou^ht not to prevail—in the idea of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Maine as to the sus-
pension of the operation of this law. It will
be easier to impose the tax hereafter if the
law is suspended in its operation than it will
be to enact a new law. It is plain, from the
argument of the Senator from Vermont, that
such a state of things might exist at the South
that this would be a very proper tax, and
might operate beneficially on the country.
When the manufacturers of this country come
to compete with the manufacturers of England
as to who shall supply a third market—the
East—a drawback of two and a half cents a
pound would operate very much in favor of
the American manufacturer, and the tax would
mostly be made out of the foreign trade.
Therefore, there may be some justice in sus-
pending the operation of the tax. The objec-
tion to it is the uncertainty that it casts over
tue subject.
As to the amendment relieving the present
crop from taxation, I think that a provision
m'ghi be so drawn as to apply where the cotton
is in the actual possession of the producers
which would be beneficial, because to impose
this tax now is taking from the South the capital
that they require for the next crop, and I
believe that it is not the interest of this country
to do that. I believe that it is our interest to
foster the growth of cotton. My friend from
Vermont has given us statistics showing that
a small crop will produce frequently as great
return, as much money, as a large crop. I do
not think you can rely upon statistics as to cotton
so as to draw any general conclusion from them
for the last four or five years, because that trade
has been so deranged, now all kept back and
then all rushed forward, so that there is great
uncertainty in reference to it. If you go back
to 182-1 therejire so many remote causes that we
do not now know of that probably you could
account for the result on some other principle.
I think, therefore, I should be willing to vote
for a suspension of the law imposing the tax,
and make that suspension applicable to the
present crop in the case of the grower this year.
Mr. MOKRILE. of Vermont. I shall occupy
the Senate for but a moment or two. The
whole argument in favor of the repeal of this
tax result.3 in coming down to this question:
whether the tax is paid b^ our own people or
paid by those abroad. If I am right that it is
paid by those abroad, by the consumer, it ought
not to be repealed. Usually it is universally
the case that a tax must be paid, whether it is
levied by way of import or export duty or
internal tax, by the consumer. What is the
philosophy in relation to this? Just here;
it lies in a nut shell: if the supply is greater
than the demand the seller has to pay the tax;
but if the supply is not so great as the demand
the purchaser has to pay the tax.
Now, my argument is that we should not
unduly stimulate this production so that our
own people have to pay the tax. With a pro-
duction of three million bales, I undertake to
say that the entire tax would be paid by those
abroad to the extent of their purchases. Take
the instance of t'.ic export duty upon Java cof-
fee that is imposed by the kingdom of the
Netherlands. Does anybody doubt that we
have to nay that? Take the instance of the
export cfuty npon rags imposed by France,
Dors anybody doubt that we have to pay that '
duty? Not at nil. Paper is higher here in
consequence of it. 'l ake the instance of the
export duty upon tea imposed by China. Al-
though Japan lies close by, and produces a
wry large quantity, yet the amount produced
in China is so much more abundant than the
amount produced anywhere eNe in the world,
that it is perfectly clear we have to pay the
duty.
Now, Mr. President, I am not to be classed
with those who wish to oppress the South;
not by any means. I think that we are strik-
ing them a fatal blow when we remove this
tax. If we were to vote unanimously to-day to
retain the tax I have not a particle of doubt
that the effect would be to raise the price of cot-
ton in Liverpool within a week one or two cents
a pound. It is simply because there has been a
greater production here than was anticipated
for the past season, and because of the almost
universal expectation that this tax would be
removed, that the price has gone down. That
is the cause of it. There has been a much larger
quantity produced here than was expected,
not only tor 18b5, but for 18CG and 1867. It
is the over-production that has crushed every-
body who has had anything to do with cotton,
first beginning with a bank in England which
was broken down by the loss of 550,000,000,
and then followed by the cotton brokers and
by the manufacturers. I do not know but
that my friend from Oregon would like to re-
munerate that broken English bank because it
was unfortunate in its speculation. The men
who went from the North to the South and
bought lands for a quarter part of what they
are worth, and who, although they knew how
to buy lands cheap, did not know how to cul-
tivate cotton, have been unfortunate in the
speculation and now come here to be relieved.
I do not see that we are under any particular
obligations to remunerate them for their losses
in consequence of their ignorance and inex-
perience.
But, Mr. President, the chairman of the
Finance Committee thinks it is idle for us to
discuss this question, that the mind of the Sen-
ate is made up; the Senator from Oregon says
that the public judgment is made up on this
subject, and therefore it is useless to discuss it.
I say if that be so I will appeal to posterity,
but I think when gentlemen come to appeal to
their constituents they will not have to wait so
long for a verdict. Now what is the question ?
! It is whether we shall take off this tax from
cotton when confessedly but one third part of
it comes out of our own people ; or at least
that fact ought to be confessed, if it is not, and
remunerate the Treasury by levying the whole
$'27,000,000 upon our own people, instead of
$9,000,000. If we want to liberate and relieve
the South from taxation why not take it off
from manufactured cotton? That would dis-
tribute its benefits throughout the entire South,
thefreedmen would receive benefit from that;
every man in the South would receive benefit
from a repeal of the tax on manufactured cot-
tons. That we might possibly be able to do ;
but when you take this tax off the raw cotton,
in my judgment you commit a great mistake.
I hope it will not be done.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the permission of the
Senate I would offer, as a substitute for the
amendment which I suggested this morning,
what the Secretary will read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland modifies his amendment.
| The amendment, as modified, will be read.
: The Secretary read the amendment a3 mod-
ified, which is, to add to the bill these words:
; And that the crop grown in the year 1807 shall
in all eases where the said crop may be at the pas-
i sage of this act in the hands of theproducer.andnot
] sold or contracted to bo sold, be aloo exempt from tho
I fcaid tax.
| Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I thought
I was an attentive listener to the debate which
occurred in this Chamber when the tax itself
was originally imposed, and when at the last
session the Senate considered the propriety of
repealing it. I thought, therefore, and still
think, with all proper respect to the honorable
member from Maine, that the tax was origin-
ally supported upon the ground that'in the
existing condition of the country, looking to
the value of the article in the market at that
time, M was necessary that such a tax should
bo exacted ; but that when the cireuinMances
of the country should change, especially « hen
the article itself should fall in price, it would
be proper policy cither to remove the tax
altogether or very materially to reduce it. The
Senate at one period were apparently satisfied,
and must indeed have been satisfied, that the
time had come when it should be repealed;
the Senate voted for its repeal. At another
time the Senate voted to reduce it to one cent
from the original amount of the tax, three
cents, and finally, in consequence of a report
of a committee of conference to whom the
subject was referred, they agreed, and most
unw illingly, to make it two and a half cents per
pound.
As far as the tax itself is concerned, my
opinion was at the time—apd it was very much
strengthened by an argument made by the
honorable member from Missouri [Mr. He\"-
dehsox]—that there was no warrant in the
Constitution for such a tax. The prohibition
upon the States is positive they are not to lay
any impost upon any imports or exports with-
out the consent of Congress, except such as
may be necessary for the purpose of their
inspection laws. I was unable to distinguish
a tax of this description from a direct tax upon
exports; and I have seen nothiug by way of
argument—for the question has not been very
carefully argued in support of the tax—which
has led me to doubt that it is liable to the con-
stitutional objection. But that is not the ques-
tion now before the Senate. The war, while it
i has involved the Government in a very heavy
1 debt, nearly as large as that of England, and
] larger when we look to the interests the respect-
1 ive debts bear—and bearing more oppressively,
therefore, on the people of the United States
than the English debt bears on the people of
England—has left us in a condition in which
it is absolutely necessary that we should, by
all proper means, so arrange our system of
taxation as to make it fall as lightly as possi-
ble upon the people; and, to do so, to make
| it fall, as far as it can be done, upon articles
which are not in general used by the people.
' The cotton tax is now not only oppressive to
the particular interest npon which it bears,
but it is ruinous. I have had no letters upon
the subject, but I have had conversations with
I men from the South, natives of that region,
1 men of the highest honor, and with men who
have gone from the North in order to raise the
article in the South, men of equally high honor
and intelligence ; and the information received
from them all is that the product itself cannot
: be grown under the oppression of such a tax.
The tax might have been borne with much
i more ease while we were one people, and slave
labor in the southern States was the labor
resorted to for the purpose of its production ;
but that labor we have now, and as I am glad
to know, terminated forever. It is to be pro-
cured, therefore, in the way in which labor is
procured in the States where the institution of
slavery never existed : it is to be paid for, and
the wages which the laborer now must ask in
| order to live makes it. as they say, utterly im-
j| practicable to raise and expect any profit; on
the contrary, to raise and not be subjected to
a loss if this tax continues to be imposed.
Now, if it be desirable—and there can be
no difference of opinion upon that point—that
this article shall be grown in the United States,
if it be very important that it should be rein-
stated in the condition in which it was before1
the war, if it be important to every interest in
the country that it be grown, then it is the
policy of the Government, as I think, not to
discourage, but (if we had the power) to give
a bounty for its production. The honorable
member from Vermont in telling us, as I
