92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan nary 2ft,
Ho. of Beps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Koontz.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
It will be seen from this table that while
during Washington's Administration the ex-
penses of the Government amounted to but
forty-eight cents per capita, in 1840, the last
year of Yan Buren's Administration, to but
one dollar and forty-one cents per capita, and
in 1850 but to one dollar and sixty cents per
capita, they now, in a time of profound peace
under Radical rule, estimating our population
at thirty millions, amount to six dollars per
capita, or about forty dollars annually for each
head of a family, for what ai-e called the ordi-
nary expenditures of the Government. Sir,
these facts are in themselves sufficiently alarm-
ing, and I do not see that I can now add to
their force by dwelling further thereon. If
they do not arouse the people from Maine to
California to demand an immediate change in
our rulers and in our system of government,
then, indeed, may we say with a sad heart, fare-
well forever to all hope of a restoration of our
poor bleeding country to prosperity and happi-
ness.
Mr. Speaker, in these remarks I do not in-
tend to misrepresent, or, if I can avoid it, to
be misrepresented; and therefore I must re-
peat that in this indictment against the Rad-
ical party I have not included those expenses
and expenditures which are the necessary
result of the war through which we have just
passed. I have not included the estimates for
paying bounties and pensions or the sums
necessary to pay the interest on our public
debt. I have left these out, that the people
might see whither we are tending under Rad-
ical rule, even if these sacred but most bur-
densome debts were canceled forever.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I should not have made
remarks of this character, especially at this
time, if it had not been for the extraordinary
partisan course which my colleague [Mr. Lo-
gan] took in addressing the House upon this
question, which ought to be considered as a
mere matter of business. I am aware that
unusual latitude has been given in the debate.
Whether it is in the power of Congress, the
President, and the Secretary of the Treasury
combined to inaugurate a system by which this
whisky tax can be collected or not it is impos-
sible for me to say. My impression is that while
the enormous tax of two dollars per gallon is
retained the revenue never will be fully col-
lected. The temptations to fraud and bribery
are too enormous in this profligate age. I care
not how vigilant the head of the Department
may be, there will necessarily be a great deal
of thievery and fraud. My impression is that
the only remedy is to reduce the tax to one
quarter what it is now and inaugurate a better
system of collection, and the amount of reve-
nue received would probably be as great as it
is at this time. I do not believe that it is in
the power of mortal man to inaugurate a system
by which the entire revenue can be collected
while the tax is retained at the present rate.
In the remarks which I have made, as a mat-
ter of course—and I presume it was so with
ay colleague—it was not intended to insinuate
that all the officers connected with the revenue
service are engaged in peculation and fraud.
I do not believe anything of the kind. I do
not understand my colleague to charge any-
thing of the kind, although his charges have
been very broad. But with the temptations
that are held out some fraud is inevitable. It
is impossible for the President, or the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to know one man in a thou-
sand of their appointees. How are they to
avoid, when they must take the men recom-
mended to them, getting men often who are at
best weak and will yield to the temptations that
are held out so bounteously around them ? I
do not believe that it is possible to inaugurate
a system under our laws as they are now, and
with the taxation as it is now, that will result
in an honest collection of the revenue that
ought to be received from this whisky tax.
A few words more, Mr. Speaker, and I have
done. Our whole revenue system seems to be
devised for the purpose of holding out tempta-
tions to fraud and perjury. There is but one
hope and one remedy. Bring the party as soon
as possible into power that is pledged to econ-
omy and justice, and whose whole history proves
that it will redeem those pledges. Your Army
must be reduced; your Freedmen's Bureau
abolished ; your military despotism uprooted ;
the expenditures of the Government reduced
one half, the taxes reduced in the same pro-
portion ; the horde of tax-gatherers must be
called in wherever they can possibly be dis-
pensed with ; the most rigid economy must be
introduced into every branch of the Govern-
ment, and our outstanding bonds, as speedily
as possible without injury to the country, be
paid off in precise conformity with the contract
upon which they were issued. Without these
reforms destruction, speedy and inevitable, is
upon us. And 1 would say in all kindness to
the bond oligarchy that your only hope of
escape from irretrievable ruin depends upon
your calling in your mercenary pack of slan-
derers of the only party that is for justicc,
economy, and a strict and sacred preservation
of the public faith. The path in which we are
now traveling leads to inevitable ruin and bank-
ruptcy, and if persevered in for any consider-
able time your bonds will not be worth the
pajaer on which they are written. Aid us in
rescuing the people from the oppressions that
are grinding them into the dust; ask for no
more on your bonds than the people have
agreed to pay you; do not seek to escape your
share of the burdens of Government; and the
public faith, I will guaranty, will be sacredly
preserved, and you may live to agreeuoldage
in happiness and prosperity.
But there is no hope now save in a speedy
ejection of the Radical destructives from power
and place. I know that, frightened at the
thunder tones of an enraged people in the late
elections, they came up to this session of Con-
gress bawling hoarsely for retrenchment and
reform. But that cry is already forgotten,
and they have turned more madly and fiercely
than ever to their schemes of consolidation,
despotism, and measures that must result in
the robbery and ruin of the people. It would
bo as easy for the lithiopian to change his skin
or the leopard his spots as for this Congress
to return to the principles of economy and jus-
tice under the Constitution. But, sir, I do not
despair of the Republic. The people are
aroused at last, thank God. The bright angel
of hope is spreading her wings once more over
our beloved land. The dark cloud that has so
long hung like a pall over our country is already
encircled with a silver lining. The destruc-
tives and malignatits are dying out in their
strongholds. They will be driven in disgrace
and ignominy from these Halls. I see it, sir;
I see it with the. eye of prophecy. The princi-
ples of economy and justice will once more
take charge of the administration of our Gov-
ernment. Prosperity, liberty, and hope will
return to gladden the hearts of our overbur-
dened people. And then, sir, when that happy
day arrives, I can with truth say with good old
Simeon, " Lord, now lettest thy servant depart
in peace, for mine eyes have seen thy salvation.''
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HOiST. W. II. KOONTZ,
OF pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
January 20, 18G8.
The House having under consideration the hill (II.
It. No. 439) additional and supplementary to an act
ontitled "An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," passed March 2,1867—
Mr. KOONTZ said :
Mr. Speaker: This bill has been pretty
thoroughly discussed on both sides of the
House, and I will endeavor, in as brief a time
as possible, to present to the consideration of
the House my reasons for supporting the meas-
ure. In discussing this bill there are three
things to be considered: first, what is pro-
posed to be done by the bill? second, has
Congress the power to pass it? third, is there
now such a pressing public necessity as calls
upon Congress for the passage of the bill ?
This bill proposes to declare that in the late
rebellious State3 " there are no civil State gov-
ernments republican in form, and that the
so-called civil governments in said States, re-
spectively, shall not be recognized as valid or
legal State governments either by the execu-
tive or judicial power or authority of the United
States."
The bill also proposes to confer upon the
General of the Army the power "to enjoin,
by special orders, upon all officers in com-
mand within the several military departments
within said several States, the performance of
all acts authorized by said several laws above
recited, and to remove by his order from com-
mand any or all of said commanders and de-
tail other officers of the United States Army,
not below the rank of colonel, to perform all
the duties and exercise all the powers author-
ized by said several acts."
The bill also confers upon the General of the
Army the power of removal from and appoint-
ment to the civil offices under those several pro-
visional governments. It further declares that
"it shall be unlawful for the President of the
United States to order any part of the Ai-my
or Navy of the United States to assist by force
of arms the authority of either of said provis-
ional governments in said disorganized States
to oppose or obstruct the authority of the Uni-
ted States as provided in this act and the act "
to which this is supplementary."
Then there is added a section making it a
penal offense for any person to attempt to pre-
vent by force the execution of the orders of the
General of the Army.
These, sir, are in brief the provisions of the
bill. The next question is, has Congress the
lawful power and authority to pass this meas-
ure? And, sir, in asserting the power of Con-
gress over this question it becomes necessary
to sustain the allegation of fact contained in
the first section of the bill, that in those States
there are no civil State governments republican
in form ; for, sir, I concede that if it be not
true in point of fact that there are no such
civil governments in those Stales then this
proposed legislation and all the legislation of
Congress pertaining to the question of recon-
struction is_wrong; but if, on the other hand,
it be true in point of fact that there are no
valid State governments in those States, then
I apprehend that gentlemen on all sides of this
House will concede that there is necessity for
some legislation, either in the shape of this bill
or some other.
Now, sir, is it true that there are no legal
State governments in those States? I main-
tain that it is. I do not deny that prior to
1801 there were legal State governments in
those States holding their true relation to the
Government of the United States, and acting
harmoniously with the other States of the
Union, under the Constitution, the supreme
law of the land. But I assert that those gov-
ernments were overthrown by traitors : that
they were seized by men whose hearts were
filled with treason, and all, or nearly all, of
the legislative, executive, and judicial officers
of those States assisted in carrying them out-
side of the Government of the United States.
It is necessary, sir, to briefly allude to some
of the leading events of that period. A lie-
publican President had been elected iu aecord-
ancejwith the provisions of the Constitution of
the United States; but because he and his party
were of a different political faith to theirs they
seized upon what they considered a favorable
opportunity to enforce their long-cherished
