1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. FERRY. I hope that this motion to
amend will be adopted by the Senate. It has
been uay intention all along, when these rules
should be reported to the Senate, to move cer-
tain amendments in order to take out from the
rules the expressions "high court of impeach-
ment," "the court," and the like, and substi-
stute in lieu thereof the words "the Senate."
It will not, as the Senator from Oregon ap-
prehends, require a revision of the rules. A
tew verbal changes will accomplish all that
is desired to be accomplished by myself, and
by those Senators who think with me on this
subject.
And now permit me to say, sir, that there is
a reason for this change in the phraseology of
the rules that is much greater than mere form.
It certainly would appear to any person, with-
out an explanation from the committee, reading
these rules as they stand upon their face, that
the committee thought the Senate as such did
die upon its resolving itself into a high court
of impeachment—to use their language—and
become something else than the Senate. And
intimations are not wanting that a claim of
that kind may yet be made before these pro-
ceedings are concluded ; and although it is said
that the phraseology used will make no differ-
ence whatever in the adjudication of that
claim yet the rules as they stand now do, in
my judgment, prejudge the question. They
do import that the tribunal before which the
President of the United States is to be tried
is a different body from the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. Now, 1 hold that, under the Con-
stitution, the Senate, and the Senate only, is
the tribunal which is to try impeachments;
but the rules seem to import, as I have already
said, a body differently constituted, and a body
in which, it is not hesitatingly intimated here,
some others than Senators may paiticipate in
the administration of this highest court of jus-
tice. If this bo the fact, if it be the effect of
the rules as they stand now upon their face to
prejudge that question, I think we should re-
turn to the old forms and describe the body
which is to sit upon this trial as "the Senate
of the United States," and nothing else.
That such would be the first impression that
any person, and particularly the impression
which an astute lawyer, would receive from the
reading of these rules is evinced by the argu-
ment of the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hend-
ricks] on Saturday, when the rules were first
promulgated, that the Senate of the United
States, sitting as it is here this evening, has
no right to make rules for the high court of
impeachment, which is spoken of in the rules
which are reported by the committee, and that
we must wait until the Senate is sitting in that
capacity before we have the right to adopt such
rules; and upon the face of the paper before
us it ceilainly appeared to me at the moment
that the objection was well taken.
Now, to avoid the apparent prejudgment of
this question which may arise I certainly, for
one, do desire to see the Senate described in
constitutional language throughout the whole
of these rules, and not in language which is
utterly unknown to the Constitution, and which
seems, at any rate, to describe a different body
from the Senate of the United States. I hope
that the amendment suggested by the Senator
from New York may prevail; and if it does
I shall, when the rules are reported to the Sen-
ate, move other amendments so changing the
phraseology—and it requires but very few, for
I have been through all the rules and examined
them in reference to this subject—as to de-
scribe in constitutional language the tribunal
which is to sit.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the hon-
orable Senator if we do not, in these rules,
recognize the right of the Chief Justice to par-
ticipate in the proceedings on this trial by de-
claring that he may decide all questions of evi-
dence, and that his decisions shall stand as the
judgment of the court unless overruled by the
members of the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. One of the rules, as it now
stands, does so provide, and that rule ought to
be amended in that particular, so that the Sen-
ate shall decide, in my judgment.
The question on Mr. Conkum's amendment
being taken by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
23, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Ca,ttell, Conkling. Corbott, Cragin,
Drake, Ferry, Fowler. Harlan, Hendricks, Howe,
McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stew-
art, Thayer, Tipton. Vim Winkle, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Davis, Edmunds, Howard, Nye, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Sjtrague Willey, Williams, and Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs, Anthony, Bayard, Cole, Con-
ness, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Prelinghuysen,
Grimes, Henderson, Johnson, Morton, Norton, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, ltoss, Sumner, Trumbull,
and Wade—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY. I move in the fourth
page, the twenty-ninth line, in the form of oath
to be taken by and to be administered to the
Presiding Officer and to the members of the
Senate, after the word " laws," to insert "of
the United States passed in pursuance there-
of so as to read:
I solemnly swear (or affirm, as tlio case may be)
that in all tilings appertaining to tho trial of tho im-
peachment of _   —, now pending, I will do
impartial justice, according to the Constitution and
laws of tho United States passed in pursuance thereof.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire what is the
special meaning on the part of the Senator from
Kentucky in putting in there the words "and
laws passed in pursuance thereof." Is it in-
tended that each Senator shall consider his
conscience bound in this prosecution only by
such laws as he may consider to have been
constitutionally enacted? I would really like
to know. If that is the intention on the part
of the Senator from Kentucky it would be
well for the Senate to understand it.
If the Senator from Kentucky means that we
shall decide upon the case according to the Con-
stitution and the existing laws of the United
States that is one thing. If he means that
each Seuatoi shall array himself here as a
judge upon the constitutionality of existing
laws, and that where he chooses to consider
them unconstitutional he will not hold himself
bound by them, that is quite another thing.
Mr. McCREERY. I do not wish to enter
into any discussion at this late hour. I will
only state that the amendment is drawn from
the Constitution itself. The Constitution and
the laws passed in pursuance thereof consti-
tute the supreme law of this land ; and I did
suppose that the Senators would hold them-
selves responsible to and be bound by the
supreme law of the land. I drew this amend-
ment from the Constitution. I take its lan-
guage. If the gentleman chooses to vote
against it he can do so.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays and they wore ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I put a question in regard
to this amendment to the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, which he has not. seen fit to
answer, doubtless, for reasons good and suffi-
cient to himself, concerning which I have no
disposition to make any cavil. But. sir, I lake
this position in regard to this matter: that
when a question of that kind is put to a Sena-
tor, an answer to which in oneway will relieve
the ease of all possible doubt, and the with-
holding of an answer in regard to which will
leave it still in doubt, then the purpose in with-
holding the answer is to leave the matter still
in doubt.
I have only to say, with regard to this mat-
ter, that all laws that stand upon the statute-
books of the United States have been, so far
as this body is concerned and as the court of
impeachment is concerned, passed in pursu-
ance of the Constitution. But, sir, when the
matter is put in this shape, and the question
which I put to thew Senator proposing the
amendment with regard to the intended effect
of it is not answered, then I take'it that there
is something under the surface; that it simply
means that every'Senator, wheu he sits as a
judge in that court, is to determine for him-
self whether the laws which have beeu passed
are constitutional or not; and if he chooses to
decide in his own mind that they are not con-
stitutional he will not convict the person im-
peached for a violation of them. Sir, I gave
the honorable Senator from Kentucky a full
opportunity to reject any such interpretation
of his amendment, but he has seen fit not to
avail liimself of it.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. YATES. I believe that all the oaths
which are taken by public officers, as, for in-
stance, by the President of the United States,
or a Senator, or a judge of a court or an attor-
ney of a court, are to the effect that he will sup-
port the Constitution and laws of the United
States. Therefore the Senator from Missouri
very properly asks why alter the ordinary form
of the oath and say "laws of the United States
passed in pursuance of the Constitution."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Illinois what oath he refers to,
what official oath which requires a man to
swear to support the laws?
Mr. YATES. All the oaths the Senator
has taken as a public officer in any capacity.
Mr. HENDRICKS. An oath to support
the Constitution and laws?
Mr. YATES. " Constitution and laws of the
United States;" I think so. Perhaps, how-
ever, I am mistaken on that very point.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Slightly.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, Mr. President, there
is a great deal more in this matter, in my opin-
ion, than would strike one at first sight. The
object of administering an oath to Senators is
to bind their consciences; and the object of it
is defeated if you leave anything but a direct
and affirmative obligation upon their con-
sciences. If there is a form of oath administered
which admits of two constructions, and in which
there can be a mental reservation, the whole
object of the oath is defeated.
Now, sir, I say if you administer the oath
in the form in which it is proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky, you leave it just
exactly in that shape. He, I, or any other
Senator may say in his own heart with regard
to any particular law which the officer im-
peached is charged with having violated, "that
is an unconstitutional law." To use the lan-
guage of Andrew Johnson in his opening mes-
sage at this session of Congress, "it is as
plainly unconstitutional as anything that can
be imagined, and, therefore. 1 will not con-
vict any man for any act that he has done in
violation of the terms of that law." T, for
one, do not choose to make myself a party to
any such amendment in the form of the oath.
I do not say that the Senator from Kentucky,
or any other Senator on this floor, would do
that thing, but I do say that I will not vote for
opening the door for any one to do it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not think it is
necessary to debate this question at much
length. I am only astonished that words
should have been expended upon it. I under-
stand the clause to mean now what it will
mean if the amendment shall be made, and
vice versa-, but, as in several other cases in
the consideration of these rules, wherever
there is question of phraseology, it is best to
adopt the language of the Constitution. In
the twenty-second rule we voted to strike out
in the second line the words " and voting,"
in order to have the exact constitutional lan-
guage, and other changes of a similar sort
have been made. I do not sec any necessity
for any warmth by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. Warmth! I beg the Sen-
ator s pardon. If I cannot be an icicle like the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I am sorry for it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not, I say, observe
any reason for warmth in the Senator from
Missouri or any one else about this particular
question, however the case may stand as to
other questions which may come before us in
this debate. The supreme law of the land, as
the Constitution declares, is the instrument
itself and laws passed in pursuance of it. The
