1$67.
TH8 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
m
admiralty jurisdiction 0* circuit courts.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill to regulate and
limit the admiralty jurisdiction of the district
courts of the United States in certain cases; ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
time of congressional elections.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill to> fix *he
time for the election of Representatives and
Delegates in the Congress of the United States;
which was read a iirst and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Elections.
cl'stoms and excises. i j
Mr. DRIGGS presented joint resolutions of ,
the Legislature of the State of Michigan rela- |
tire to customs and excises; which were re- i
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, j
and ordered to be printed.
iowa railroad las® grant.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a bill
to amend an act entitled uAn act for a grant
of land to the State of Iowa of alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of a railroad in
said State," approved May 12, 1864 | which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
nkw orleans, mobile, etc., railroad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill to establish and declare the railroad and
bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, And Chat- I
tanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter con-
structed, a post route, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.. (
remission of duties ik san fran0i&c0,
Mr. AXTELL introduced a bill to remit the
duties upon certain goodSj wares, and mer-
chandise destroyed by fire in the city of San
Francisco; which was read a first and second
time, aad referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
public lands.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill withdraw-
ing certain lands from the operation of the
homestead and preemption laws, and to grant
the same in exchange for other lands; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
preemptions and homesteads.
Mr. H0LBROOK introduced a bill extend-
ing the preemption and homestead laws of the
United States in the Territory of Idaho ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
navy department and board of survey.
Mr. PIKE introduced a bill to amend the
various acta establishing the Nary Department
of the United States, and to create a board
of survey; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
BALE OF IH0S-CLAD8.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to say, white I am on
the floor, that when I offered a resolution on
Thursday last in relation to the safe of iron-
clads I desired its reference to the Commit-
tee on Naval A flairs. By some mistake the
resolution waspassed.
The SPEAKER. It was subsequently re-
considered, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
jane 11. jodd, dbcea8kd.
Mr. LINCOLN introduced a bill fbr the
relief of the legal heira and representatives of
the late Jane M. Jndd, deceased: which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
jbrusha sharp.
Mr. LINCOLN also introduced a bill for
the relief of Jeraaba Sharp; which was read a
40th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 14.
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
bonded warefiocsk system.
Mr. BALDWIN introduced a joint resolu-
tion to abolish the bonded warehouse system ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
depreciation of the currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill to prevent depreciating the currency;
which was read a first and second time, and
\ referred to the Committee ton Banking- and
I Currency. . ,
! retired list of navy.
| Mr. SCHENCK introdaced a bill supple-
mental to and explanatory of certain acts of
Congress relating to officers of the Navy;
| which was rea$ a first and second time, re-
j ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
The first section of the bill provides that
any officer of the Navy coming within the pro-
vision of section eight of the aot tp estab-
lish and equalize the grades of the line offi-
cers of the United States Navy, passed July
16, 1862, except the Admiraland vice admiral,
shall be retired whenever his name has been
borne on the Navy Register for fifty-five years.
The second section provides that naval offi-
cers shall be placed on the retired list when
they arrive at the age of sixty-two years, or
when their names shall hsLve been borne upon
the Navy Register for forty-five years from the
time they attained the age of sixteen years.
The third section provides that the several
acts of Congress relating to the promotion or
retirement of officers of the Navy shall apply
to officers of the Marine corps.
steamship line to liberia. .
Mr. POLAND presented the joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Vermont
in favor of the establishment of a line of steam-
ships between the United States and Liberia;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
taxes of national banes.
Mr. POLAND also presented the joint reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Ver-
mont in relation to the mode of taxing the
shares of national banks; which Were referred
to the Committee on Banking aiid Currency,
end ordered to be printed.
military establishment,
Mr. DODGE also introducedabili.toAmend
an act entitled "An act providing for the better
organization of the military establishment,"
approved August 31, 1861, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
ellen murphy.
Mr. BARNES introduced a bill for the relief
of Ellen Murphy; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.-
relocation of national capital.
Mr. LOGAN introduced a joint resolution
appointing a committee to report on the expe-
diency of relocating the capital of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee, of Ways and
Means.'
cape cod sarbor.
Mr. BANKS presented, resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts concerning Cape
Cdd harbor, at Provincetown ; which were re-
ferred to the' Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
resumption of specie payments.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a bill
to facilitate theresnmption of specie payments:
which was read a first'and second tiine, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
unrdn paciftc! railroad,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill to
authorize the companies building the Unioin
Pacific railroad, or any branch thereof, to select
sites for certain purposes therein named ; which
Was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the' Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
legal-tender notes.
Mr. BROOKS introduced a joint resolution
in relation to legal'tetider notes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Way« and Means.
Mr. BROOKS called for the reading of the
bill; aad it was read. It provides that the
Committee on Finance of the Senate, and the
Committee of Ways aud cleans of the House,
be instructed to inquire into the expediency,
firtt, of making legal-tender notes recyivable-jn
part in payment of duties; 6ay five pjer cent,
on and alter January 1, 1868; ten per cent,
after Februa«7 I, 18ti8; with some other like
proportions on apd after March 1, 1868 j sec
ond, of repealing the legal-tender act as to all
contracts to.be made on and after March 1,
1868; or, if not thus repealing, of enabling con-
tracts to be made payable in gold and silver.
order of business.
The SPEAKER, as the next business in
order, proceeded to call the States for the
introduction of resolutions, commencing with
the State of Missouri.
reconstruction policy of conores3.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted the following
preamble and resolutions, on which he de-
manded the previous question:
Wherei* the President of the United States in hit
annual messagu h a«eanjfc&. in utter diaagawl of the
popular will, as expressed in the election of members
of the Fortieth Congress, to recommend the'repeal
of the laws heretofore passedfortbe pnrpose of lacil-
itatiftg reconstruction in tbe rebellions States, the
effect of which would be to remit IhegovernjaentB ot
said States to xebel hajida and abandon the entire
loyal element therein the will of traitors; and
whereas it is eminently p no per that this Hense should
respond in emphatic terms to bo extraordinary a
proposition: Therefore,
Be it retolved. That the House of Representatives
will never consent to take one retrograde step from
its advanced position in promoting tbo causa pi equal
rights, nor deviate from its fixed purpose of protect-
ing all men as equals before the law.
Jietalved, That from the suocess that has hitherto
attended the administration of the reconstruction
acts there is no reason to doubt that under their pre-
visions the restoration of the rebellious States is be trig
successfully accomplished on a firm and'enduring
basis andiaa manner that will fully meet the expect-
ations of the loyal men of the country, and therefpre
in the judgment of this House ne good reason exists
why said acts should be repealed.
Mr. NIB LACK. I rifie to a question of ■
order. If any gentletoan rises to debate these
resolutions, do they not go over?
The SPEAKER. They would, if tbe pre-
vious question should not be seconded.
Mr. SPALDING. Do not these resolutions
go to the Reconstruction Committee as a matter
of coarse?
The SPEAKER. No order of that kind has
been made by the Honse.
Mr. NIBLACK. X move that the preamble
and resolutions be laid on the tabli.
Mr. JSLDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLEY. Will it be in Order forme
to suggest to the gentleman from'Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] that he slightly modify this language
of the first resolution. .It says that "the House
Mr. ELDRIDGE." I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in or&ar.
Two nndebatable motions are now pending. .
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 32, nays 113, not voting
'42; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell. Barnes,
Barnum. Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Caryjpidriflere,
tJeti, • Olossbrenner, Go 11 ad ay, G rover, flotchkiss.
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mungen', Niblack,
Nicholson. Phelps, Fruyn. Randall, RobSnsou, Ross,
Sitgreaves, Van Trump, Wood, and Woodward—32.
