1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion of the root for market, points in which are pre-
sented the only difficulties which confront the busi-
sess in this country. Such test is not likely to be
undertaken voluntarily by individuals, and can be
accomplished by the Government at a slight expense.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
II Oil ACE CAPfiOST,
Commissioner.
Hon. AVilliam Speagoe, United Slates Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have an amendment to
offer now which does not take any money out
of the Treasury. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer this amendment as
an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That all laws and parts
of laws that regulate the price of labor m the Govern-
ment Printing Office be, and tho same arc hereby,
repealed; and it shall be the duty ol the Congres-
sional Printer to contract with the persons in that
employment at such prices as are for the interest ol
the Government, and are just to those employed.
There are several laws and regulations that
have been inserted from time to time in appro-
priation bills which regulate the price of labor
in the Government Printing Office and create
a great deal of embarrassment to the Superin-
tendent in carrying it on. This amendment
repeals those laws, and allows him to make
contracts just the same as all other heads of
Departments do with persons who do work for
them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does this repeal the eight-
hour law?
Mr. ANTHONY. No; it does not affect
that.
Mr. FESSENDBN. Do those laws do any
more than provide that he shall pay the same
price that is paid for the same kind of work
outside?
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a law compel-
ling the Congressional Printer to pay the same
prices that are paid for similar work in this
city. There is a Typographical Society here,
composed exclusively of those who are em-
ployed, not the employers, and they regulate
the price, and a majority of the members of
this society are employed in the Government
Printing Office. The employment of printers
by the Government is so large that they make
a majority of all the printers in this city. This
society, of which they form a majority, meets
and regulates the price, and that beeomes'the
price which private employers pay ; and then
they carry to the Superintendent a certified
copy of the resolution they have passed, and
he has to pay the same price under the law,
the result of which is that frequently he has to
pay twenty or thirty per cent, more than is
paid elsewhere. And not only that, but he
has to submit to the dictation of this society
as to how many apprentices he shall have. The
result is to place the whole Government Print-
ing Office under the control of that society, a
majority of which is composed of those who
are working in the Government Printing Office.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 inquire whether, since
the eight-hour law has passed, they have not
worked under that law and yet received the
same wages that they did for ten hours labor?
Mr. ANTHONY. Thatwillbe so,of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it not so now?
Mr. AN THON Y. I did not know that that
bill had become a law yet; but whenever it
becomes a law of coursc they will receive the
same wages for working eight hours that other
printers receive for working ten hours. But,
Mr. President, this does not interfere with the
eight-hour law. I would not have the temerity
to stand up against the just principles of polit-
ical economy that regulate the hours of labor
between employers and employed. I should
be afraid of my friend from Indiana [Mr. Hend-
ricks] if I did. But I think the prices may
be left to the parties hiring and the parties
hired. I desire that all those employed in the
Government Printing Office in this city should
have the highest wages that are paid tor simi-
lar services anywhere ; but whenyou pay them
higher wages than are paid elsewhere the result
is that it becomes a favor to get into the Gov-
ernment Printi ng Office, and political influence
is constantly used to put in political men in-
stead of good pi inters.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 desire to
ask the chairman of the Committ6e on Printing
a question, and that is whether the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing has not informed him
that since the passage of the eight-hour law he
will be compelled to ask for twenty per cent,
additional appropriation unless this measure
shall pass?
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose he will hg,ve
to ask for an additional appropriation anyhow,
because even after this proposition passes he
is compelled, under the law of Congress, to
pay for eight hours' work the same that other
people pay for ten hours' work.
Mr. FESSENDBN. The Senator must be
mistaken about that, because it was demon-
strated the other day by Senators that they
would do more work in eight hours than they
possibly could do in ten, and have time for great
intellectual improvementbesides. [Laughter.]
Mr. M0RR1LL, of Vermont. 1 understand
that the Commissioner of Agriculture, who has
contracts for labor, will be compelled to ask for
an addition of twenty percent, to his appropri-
ations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. There was an amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Cragin] requiring that any altera-
tions in the Capitol should be done under the
direction of the architect of the Capitol exten-
sion. I have made two or three attempts since
I have been here to save those beautiful works
of art, the bronze doors, among the most beau-
tiful things of the kind in existence. Those
doors are now placed in the very position that
would have been selected if the object had been
to place them where they could be least seen,
least appreciated, most injured, and to the
greatest inconvenience of passers-by. They are
in a narrow passage. They face inward instead
of the valves being turned outward, as they"
should be, so as to be exhibited. They collect
a crowd around there which impedes the pas-
sage from one House to the other ; and the fine
points of the bronze are continually abraded by
persons passing through with umbrellas and
canes ; and a number of small pieces, such as
swords and caps and things that are not very
tightly fastened, have been taken off and carried
away. It may be said that these doors belong
to that part of the Capitol which is under the
charge of the House of Representatives, but
the Speaker of the House desires that what I
propose shall be done ; and I did at the last
session have the approbation of the chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings to it;
hut a simple resolution passed by one House
can hardly be passed by the other ; but if the
amendment which I now offer be adopted on
this bill I think it will save these doors.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg the Sen-
ator not to put it on this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allowthe amendment to
be read. It is perfectly germane to an amend-
ment that has already been adopted. In fact,
this amendment is to come in after that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerkread theamendment, which
was to insert after the amendment adopted on
the motion of Mr. Cragin*—
And the architect of the Capitol extension, under
the direclion of thft Committee on Pub'ic Buildings
and Grounds of the two Houses of Congress, is hereby
authorized and directed to remove the bronze doors
in tho southern wing of the Capitol temporarily to
some position where they will be safe from injury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I had hoped
after the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
this morning withdrew his general proposition
for a funding system as an amendment to this
bill, the Senate would take notice of that fact,
and would not think it proper to make this an
omnibus bill for all sorts of legislation. It
must be an omnibus bill to some extent for all
sorts of appropriations; but I submit that
neither now, nor at anv time hereafter, ought
it to be regarded as a favorable opportunity to
put on every species of legislation that can be
conceived of from all the committees, to be
precipitated upon the other House.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will my friend allow me
to remind him that he assented to an amend-
ment to -which this is precisely germane ? Thia
is only a continuation of thesame amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I then made the
remark with a loud voice, in the hearing and
presence of the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island, that I thought'it was not germane and
ought not to be insisted upon; but I had not
the slightest idea that he was going to make
that a precedent for an application of this kind.
I do not know that I am going to object, for I
have not the slightest idea that it would be of
any use; but I think hereafter I shall make a
most stout resistance, if I have the honor to
present another appropriation bill, to every-
thing of this description.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will join the Senator
in that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With that pledge
I will sit down.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. _ I
am authorized by the Committee on Foreign
Relations to offer this amendment as a flew
section:
And be it further enacted. That for tho purpose of
executing the fourth article of the treaty of Wash-
ington, concluded on the 9th day of August, 1842, the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
directed to pay to the State of Maine for ninety-one
thousand one hundred and twenty-five acres of land
assigned by said State to settlers under said article,
a sum equal to Si 25 per acre; and to the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts for twenty-six thousand one
hundred and fifty acres of land a sum equal to $1 25
Eer acre: Provided, Before said sums are paid the
tates of Maine and Massachusetts shall agree with
the United States that the settlers upon their public
lands in the late disputed territory in Maine entitled
to be quieted in their possessions, as ascertained by
commissions heretofore instituted by said States,
shall have been or shall bo quieted by a release of
the title of the said States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must ask the
Senator from New Hampshire where that
comes from ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
is not a new subject before the Senate. The
amendment is reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations. I presumethat answers
the question of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this is an "old
stager," and my friend from New Hampshire
ought t,o tell us a little about it. I examined
this claim some years ago, if it is the same
that I suppose it to be. It is not specially my
duty to object, nor am I sufficiently aware of
the facts to make any opposition ; but I think
the Senate ought to understand that this in-
volves between one and two hundred thousand
dollars, I do not know precisely how much.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
One hundred and forty-six thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am not now sufficiently
familiar with the history of the case to resist
the appropriation, but I know it has been often
considered heretofore and beeu rejected.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
This is not precisely the same question which
has been before the Senate on former occa-
sions. The bills which have been introduced
into the Senate heretofore involved four claims:
Orst, a claim for lands assigned to settlers
under the fourth article of the treaty of Wash-
ington ; second, a claim for the loss of timber
upon the territory of Maine during the sus-
pension of State jurisdiction between 1832 and
1889; third, a claim for the correction of an
error made at the Treasury in computing the
interest on the expenditures made by the State
of Maine in defending her territory; and,
foarth, a claim tor interest upon advauees
made by Massachusetts in the war of 1S12-15.
This amendment drops all these claims except
the first.
Under the fourth article of the treaty of
Washington it was provided that those parties
who had come in from the province of New
Brunswick and settled upon the territory of
Maine, either by grants from the Government
of New Brunswick or without any grant simply
camein and squatted upon the territory, should
be quieted in their possession, and this by th^
appropriate virtue of the treaty-making power,
