1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
believe there is no such organization in Ohio—
tries officers, tries superintendents of the canals,
tries them upon charges, dismisses them from
office, and all that, and it has never been thought
by anybody I ever heard of that therefore the
canal board was a court.
The Constitution says that the Senate shall
have the sole power to try all impeachments.
It does not say that the Senate shall become a
court ex officio; it does not say that there shall
be a high court for the trial of impeachment,
to be composed of the Senate and of the Chief
Justice sitting ex officio. It says nothing of
that kind, but simply that the Senate shall try
all impeachments. Why not leave it there?
If it is a court we do not destroy that charac-
ter by omitting these superfluities from our
rules, if it is not a court we do not clothe it
with the ermine or the attributes of a court by
putting in the rules that it is soi
Then why not take the thing precisely as we
find it, and provide that when a day has been
fixed for considering this business, be it what
it may, and that day is not observed, the Sen-
ate may fix another day. It reminds me—
without any disrespect to the proposition or
to those who support it—of the question asked
a long time ago, how many legs does a cat
have, calling her tail one. She only has four
legs, because calling her tail a leg does not
make it a leg. [Laughter.] So, calling this
a court does not make it a court, I humbly
submit; and failing to call it a court does
not prevent its being a court, if in truth it is so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a matter of some
regret to me and to those of us who differed
from my friend from New York in committee,
where we thought we had settled the matter,
that he is not willing to take the decision of
the Senate on Saturday, when we were pretty
full, upon this very question, instead of bring-
it up again now, after we have gone through
with this whole thing. Of course he is per-
fectly justified in doing so if he thinks the im-
portance of it demands that course on his part;
but I am a little afraid that his fear of the
canal board in his State being turned into a
court has led him to be a little touchy on this
subject.
On Saturday, it will be remembered, this
very question was debated at great length, not
an unnecessary, length, but every gentleman
expressed his views who chose to do so, and gave
his reasons for them, and the precedents were
referred to ; and then upon the yeas and nays
on the question of striking out the word
"high," (in connection with which it was ex-
pressly stated by the Senator from Connecticut
that if he succeeded in that he should follow
it by the other motions which would leave the
description of the body to be simply "the Sen-
ate," because it would be easier to get an
affirmative vote upon striking out a word, which
was, of course, a mere matter of form, than it
would upon the whole,) the proposition was
voted down, and voted down upon a reference
to the precedents.
I hold in my hand the Globe, showing those
proceedings; and the first was the trial of
Blount, in 1798, in which—I ask the attention
of the Senator from New York to it—the for-
mal resolution—not the entry of the Secretary,
but the resolution of the Senate as offered and
and adopted—was " resolved, that at the next
opening of the court of impeachment the
president" shall do so and so. Then, when
we come to the trial of Chase, which was re-
ferred to, also, in some parts of the proceedings,
the expression "court of impeachment" ap-
pears only to be the entry of the Secretary, but
in other parts of the proceedings it appears to
be the judgment of the Senate itself. Then,
when we come to the trial of Peck, on the
question of the Senate's taking upon itself a j
judicial capacity, the formal resolution offered
on the part of the committee appointed by the
Senate to report rules in that case was:
" llesolved, That at twelve o'clock to-morrow the
Senate will resolve itself into a court of impeach-
ment."
So that we find ourselves from the beginning,
in 1798, down to this time—and the case of
Humphreys in 1802 is just the same—baying
adopted this phraseology as describing the Sen-
ate, when it was exercising this function, as
sitting as a court, saying nothing now about the
word •'high." Then where is the use, after
all the discussion we have had on this point
and one decision of it in the face of these uni-
form precedents from the beginning to this
time, of turning our faces back and oversetting
the whole theory upon which those rules go?
That is all I have to say, except that I ask for
the yeas and nays on this amendment, and let
it be settled again once for all.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make a single
remark in regard to this amendment. I voted
before to strike out the words " high court of
impeachment" because of my objection to the
word "high." I regard it as a high-sounding
and unnecessary term ; but I prefer to retain
this rule as it is. I think it has been the custom
of the Senate in all trials to use this language.
Besides, I believe that in such atrial tlic6enate
acts in the capacity described by the rule.
Mr. FERRY. In all the views which I have
taken of these various motions I havebeen gov-
erned by what 1 considered to bo matter of
substance. Whether the Senate, sitting for the
trial of impeachments, be a court or not in
ordinary lauguage, whether that term as ordin-
arily used may properly enough be applied to it
is one thing. NVhetherthe Constitution calls it.
a court and designates it as a court is another
tiling. If that tribunal be a court aecordingto
the Constitution, I would like to have Senators
who desire to retain this phraseology point out,
to me a statute on the face of the earth desig-
nating the presiding officer of a court in which
a presiding officer has not somewhat more func-
tions than Senators seem to be willing to attri-
bute to the presiding officer of this court of
impeachment. And I feel thus because 1 wish
to preserve simply to the Senate—not in rela-
tion to this particular case; I care nothing
about it in this particular case one way or the
other—but to preserve to the Senate, and the
members of the Senate only, their constitu-
tional functions without interference from out-
side. As I suggested before, it is not worth
while for mo to go over the argument again,
because, using this language in the rules which
we are prescribing, we ourselves prejudge the
question and estop ourselves. As it seems to
me, by declaring that the Constitution makes
this tribunal a court in the legal, constitutional
signification of the term, we estop ourselves
from claiming that none other than a Senator
is a member of that court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him if he does not
know that the House of Lords in England,
from time immemorial, has always been called
the high court of Parliament; and if he does
not know that in proceedings in impeachment
in that court the Lord Chancellor or Lord
High Steward, the president of the court, has
no vote unless he be a member of that court
by being a peer, by the constant practice and
frequent decision of that body?
Sir. FERRY. The constitution of England
is an unwritten constitution, derived from the
customs of ages, and ours is a written Consti-
tution prescribing the functions and powers
of all officers or persons designated therein as
discharging official functions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend does not an-
swer the question.
Mr. FERRY. I do not admit that the pre-
j cedents of the House of Lords, as constituting
the high court of impeachments in Great Brit-
i ain, apply to the United States, a Government
; with a written Constitution,
j Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend called upon
; any Senator to point out a court in which the
presiding officer had not all the functions of a
member of the-court. Now, I have pointed
out to him the House of Lords, which he eon-
1 fesses to be a court, in which the presiding
officer, because he is the presiding officer, baa
no function as a member to vote at all.
Mr. FBBIiY. But by the British constitu-
tion is not the House of Lords acknowledgedly
the highest court known as such to the law and
the highest court in Great Britain?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly; that is what I
say.
Air. FERRY. But is there any parity of
reasoning to be derived from that as to th§
tribunal appointed by the Constitution to try
impeachments in this country?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is this parity of
reasoning: the challenge my friend threw out
was to show him a court, as such, the presi-
dent of which, or the presiding officer of which,
was not entitled to exercise all functions as a
member of the court, and I pointed out the
instance.
Mr. FERRY. I have stated, perhaps, suffi-
ciently all the reasons which have induced me
to be urgent in so amending these rules as to
conform to what I believe to be the constitu-
tional idea of the impeaching tribunal under the
Constitution of the United States. I wish to
debar the idea of our being embarrassed when
we come to act in this trial and upon the im-
peachment, from a prejudgment by our own
conduct here in establishing rules therefor. I
supposed that the vote which was taken a few
minutes ago upon the yeas and nays had set-
tled the will of the Senate that the rules should
be amended in conformity with that vote. The
one taken last Saturday was merely upon strik-
ing out the word "high."
Mr. HOWARD. Only the form.
Mr. FERRY. Only the form; but at the
same time with the idea thrown out by myself
at any rate, in the few remarks that 1 had the
honor to make, that in conformity with such a
change, if it should be made, I should move
amendments to the rules generally. I do not
think the vote taken last Saturday is any cri-
terion of the opinion of the Senate now, as
that was a vote merely to strike out the word
" high," while the phrase " court of impeach-
ment" was still left, although I suggested that
I should move further amendments if that
amendment should be made. I earnestly hope
that the rules may be conformed to the idea
which seemed to have been adopted by the
Senate half an hour ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thoxy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
York, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, (when his name
was called.) I have paired off on this question
with the Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] who was obliged to leave the Senate, if
he were hero, he would vote ''nay" and I should
vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 16, nays
1U; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conkling, Drake, Ferry,
Italian, Ilowe, McOreery, Morgan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Stewart, Thayer.
Van Winkle, and Yates—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler. Davis, Ed-
munds, Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Sher-
uliiniiJ5i^^UG.vWilley' Williams, and Wilson—13.
Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Oattell.Cole,
Conneas, Oorbctt, Cragin, I>ixon, Dooiittie, Fessen-
dent lu-ehngUuysen, Henderson, Johnson, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Norton, Kye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson ol Tennessee, Ross, Sumner,
iipton, Trumbull, and Wade—24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that is the
last rule. I now propose to amend the second
rule in accordance with the principle of the
last amendment by striking out the words
(I'8Tand inquest of the nation" and inserting
House of Representatives," so that it will
read:
All persons are commanded to keep silence, on
pain ol imprisonment, while the House of Repre-
sentatives is exhibiting to tlie Senate oi the United
otatcs articles of impeachment against.
I suppose there_ can be 110 question about
this after the decision that has just been made.
The amendment was agreed to.
