2618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May- 27 f
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I move to insert
at the end of line forty-five the words "one
for the Indians in the State of Nevada."
Mr. Chairman, the State of Nevada is larger
than the State of Oregon, and it is more than
' half as large as the State of California, which
,has four Indian agents and one Indian super-
intendent. We have had a superintendent and
we have had agents there, and although I have
not the law at hand I-am quite certain that the
Committee on Appropriations must have over-
looked some provisions of law, as they make
no provision whatever for the Indians of
Nevada.
Now, I care very little whether this amend-
ment is adopted or not. 1 happen to be one
of the "sanguinary" border men, and if the
Congress of the United States will appropriate
money enough for the military forces out; our
way we care very little for Indian agents and
superintendents. I offer the amendment for
the benefit of those people who wish to have
agents to look out for the Indians. Unless
you mean to leav.e the Indians of Nevada
entirely at the mercy of our population, you
had better have some one authorized to look
out for them there. I have no doubt the law
does provide for it. For our population, for our
size, we have more Indians relatively than they
have in California. I suggest this amendment
simply for the benefit of those people who are
so careful of the interests of the Indians.
Mr. BUTLER. If the gentleman from
Nevada will look at the bill he will find that
we provide for a large number of agents for
Indians east of the Rocky mountains, and a
large number for Indians west.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Where are they?
Mr. BUTLER. If you look you will find
the various tribes that are provided for.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I would like to
have the gentleman point out the tribes in Ne-
vada that are provided for. The bill provides
for a great many of the Oregon Indians, but I
do not see any in Nevada at all.
Mr. BUTLER. To that I answer, first, that
I do provide in this bill for every agent and
sub-agent authorized by law. The gentleman
will find provision for four Indian sub-agents
in Oregon at an annual salary of $1,000, and
twa Indian sub-agents in Washington Terri-
tory, referring to the statute authorizing those
agents to be appointed. 1 f there is no provision
for Nevada—which, I think, cannot be the case—
the gentleman must get a law passed establish-
ing an Indian agency there, and then the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will put in a clause
appropriating for it. But this amendment is
not provided for by law, and I call upon the
Chair to say whether it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late to raise the
point of order oa the amendment, and debate is
exhausted upon it.
The question was put on the amendment-;
and there were—ayes 28, noes 20; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BUTLER. Let the amendment be
agreed to. We can have a decision on it in
the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to insert after line
fifty the words " for temporary clerks to super-
intendents, $5,000." This amount is estimated
for by the Indian Bureau. I believe that the
superintendents, with the exception of two or
three named, have no elerks. They have some-
times half a dozen agencies under their charge,
and generally three orfour. They are required
by law to visit those agencies, and hence must
be absent from their offices. I know of no
means by which the business of their offices
can be attended to during their absence. They
have to send in their reports, and they need,
as I ani informed at the Department, clerks
to attend to the business of the offices during
their absence and for various purposes in con-
nection with the offices. I think it is important
that this amount should be allowed. I offer
the amendment at the request of those who
know more about the matter than I do, and I
leave it to the House to insert it or to leave
it out. I have no feeling in the matter what-
ever.
Mr. BUTLER. By a statute of June 39,
1860, provision was made for temporary clerks,
apparently for a particular purpose, and that
has gone on ever since. There is no law for
these temporary clerks now; the necessity for
them has long since ceased, and they ought
no longer to be estimated for. I therefore
raise the point of order that the amendment
of the gentleman is independent legislation,
establishing the office of clerk where there was
none before.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
macje too late..
The question was npon the amendment of
Mr. Wisdom; and being taken, it was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause:
For contingencies of tlio Indian department,
820,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
strike out the clause just read; and I desire to
say only this: that the expenses of the Gov-
ernment are being swelled enormously by con-
tingent funds, whi.ih are expended corruptly,
very frequently extravagantly, and, if possi-
ble, still more frequently in a manner entirely
unnecessary. Ilere is an appropriation of
$20,000 for contingencies of the Indian de-
partment. I do not know how this money is
to be expended ; but I know the Departments
have gone systematically to work to print costly
books, to be paid out of the appropriation for
contingent expenses. I do not know any rea-
son for this appropriation, and I hope it will
be stricken out.
Mr. BUTLER. I will state the facts. The
estimate for contingencies was $36,500. After
very careful examination of the exhibits the
committee thought that the Indian depart-
ment could get along with $20,000 for a con-
tingent fund, and we therefore cut it down
from $36,500 to $20,000. The Committee of
the Whole can cut it down as much as they
please without hurting my feelings at all.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will with-
draw the motion to strike out, and move to
reduce the appropriation from $20,000 to
$10,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The paragraph was read, cndiiig as follows:
And also for pny of head chief, soldier chiefs, sec-
ond chief, and Pierre (lavneaux, for his services to
the Arickarecs, $40,000.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the words
"and Pierre Gavneaux, for his services to the
Arickarees." I am at a loss to understand
why Congress should be called upon to legis-
late for the purpose of settling any dispute
Iretween Pierre Gavneaux and a tribe of In-
dians. Why not appropriate the money to
the Indians, and let them settle their own
debts, if there are any?
Mr. BUTLER. I can easily explain. When
this treaty was made Pierre Gavneaux under-
took toactforthe Arickarees, and in the treaty
provision was made that he should have so
much annually.
Mr. PAINE. How much?
Mr. BUTLER. Only two or three hundred
dollars. That treaty was solemnly ratified,
and the sum has heretofore been paid, and
this is the second installment. It is but a
small amount, and it is provided for by treaty.
Mr. PAINE. That explanation does not
satisfy me. This seems to have been one of
the very cases to which the gentleman referred
some time since, as a provision for the benefit
of a man engaged in negotiating the treaty.
Here is a provision that the man who assisted
in negotiating the treaty shall be paid out of
the fund the United States is to give to this
Indian tribe. It seems to me that this is ex-
actly a clause of the treaty which this House
should not be very careful to carry out.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Paine ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 17, noes 25 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] will permit this amend-
ment to be regarded as adopted, or will con-
sent to my offering it in the House, I will not
ask for any further division.
Mr. BUTLER. Permit me to state why I
cannot consent to the adoption of this amend-
ment. There is no way of preventing the pay-
ment of the money to this man, Pierre Gav-
neaux, that I can see. It is required by a
provision of the treaty ; it is for but a small
amount. If you strike out the words pro-
posed you still appropriate the money, and
Pierre Gavneaux will get it. Ifyou strike out
the entire $40,000. that embraces the entire
appropriation under the treaty for medical
stores, agricultural implements, &c. This is
only for two or three hundred dollars. There
are plenty other instances of the same sort.
The difficulty is that such a treaty never should
have been ratified. But it has been ratified,
and the House of Representatives has ap-
proved it by appropriating money under it,
and we cannot now go back of it; I wish we
could.
Mr. PAINE. I do not desire to hinder gen-
tlemen in their efforts to get this bill into the
House to-day, and I will not, therefore, call
for a further division upon my amendment.
But I wish theamendment to be passed formally,
so that we may have a vote upon it in the House,
or permission given for it to be moved in the
House. This is evidently one of those scan-
dalous frauds which we arc not bound to carry
out. It has been placed in there by the fraud
of this man himself. The Indians have no
interest in the matter ; the Government has no
interest in it. This man himself negotiated
the treaty, and the provision is a scandalous
fraud upon us, which I hope we shall net carry
out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman know thecircumstances under which
the treaty was negotiated ?
Mr. PAINE. I know nothing about the
matter except what appears from the explana-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Air.
Butlek] himself.
1 withdraw the call for a division.
The amendment was declared not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Apaches:
For third of forty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the interior,
according to the terms of the second article treaty,
October 17, 1865, $10,000.
Mr. WINDOM. As I understand, the treaty
under which this paragraph is reported requires
an appropriation of twenty dollars per head
for each of the Indians. I therefore move to
amend by striking out "ten" and inserting
"sixteen," so as to make the .appropriation
$10,000. According to the census of that
tribe, it comprises eight hundred Indians.
Mr. BUTLER. The difficulty is this: I
sent to the Indian Bureau a letter asking for
the census which had been taken under these
treaties. The bureau declined or neglected
to send the statistics until after this bill had
been reported. In the absence of that cen-
sus, I consulted the best sources of informa-
tion within my reach. I found, in the first
place, that we were not obliged to appropriate
anything under the conditions of the treaty,
because we are only required to appropriate
according to a census to be returned by the
Indian Bureau, and no such census had been
returned. After the best inquiry I could make
I came to the conclusion that there are not
honestly in that tribe more than five hundred
souls.
Mr. WINDOM. The statement which I
have made is based upon'the statement of the
Indian department.
Mr. BUTLER. WThen was it furnished to
you ?
Mr. WINDOM. Three days ago.
Mr. BUTLElt. The gentleman has a state-
ment furnished three days ago. The commit-
tee have had this bill under-consideration since
the 1st of December, and I could get no such
