94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of Committee on Foreign Affairs.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
be kept out in the cold, and the reason of it in
brief is this, that she is true now to the cause
of human liberty as she was when the May-
flower landed herprecious cargo upon her shores
and
" The sounding aisles of thedim woods rang
To tho anthem of the froc."
But, sir, in answer to gentlemen upon the
other side who claim that the Democratic party
is th e great protector and defender of the Con-
stitution, I want to point out to gentlemen upon
all sides of this House this significant fact, that
when the great unconstitutional work of this
century was undertaken, namely, organized re-
bellion in ten States for the purpose of breaking
up and destroying this Union, never daring all
that time was there promulgated from a Dem-
ocratic State convention or from a Democratic
State committee a single authoritative enuncia-
tion expressive of their indignation at the great
unconstitutional work that the rebels were
engaged in; no, not one. And permit me to
sa,y now that if that party had denounced that
great unconstitutional work with half the zeal
■and half the energy with which they have
denounced the measures that were necessary
to put down the rebellion, and that are neces-
sary to keep it down, the war would have ended
a year sooner than it did, $1,000,000,OOOof pub-
lic debt would have been saved to the Govern-
ment, and many firesides would now have chairs
occupied that are vacant. This was the policy
of that party that has assumed to act as the
■special defenders of the Constitution. Let me
add another item on this point I remember
that in the latter part of June, 1863, the news
spread abroad throughout the North that Gen-
eral Lee was advancing upon the State of Penn-
sylvania, and soon that news was confirmed,
and the invaders stood upon the soil of Penn-
sylvania. At that very time there was a Demo-
cratic State convention sitting in the capital at
Harrisburg, and although the enemy was ready
to carry destruction and devastation throughout
the broad limits of the Commonwealth, and,
indeed, the whole North, if it had been in his
power, not one word in condemnation of the
rebellion or denunciation of the unconstitu-
tional work its leaders were engaged in went
out from that convention ; and yet, sir, this is
the party that professes to speak for the Con-
stitution.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. KOONTZ. My time is nearly out. I
would like to yield to my colleague, but I can-
not.
Sir, I think I have effectually answered the
claim that the Democratic party has set up to
be considered the special guardian and pro-
tector of the Constitution of the United States.
We maintain that the power we have had ever
since the war began, the power that belonged
to the remaining organized States of this Union
to crush and destroy the rebellion, remains with
us until every vestige of treason is destroyed.
And if the provisional governments in these
States, created without any authority of law,
are to be made instruments to reinstate treason
in the high places of this Government, then
they must just as surely fall as did the military
power of the rebellion before the invincible
armies of the Republic. We claim that this bill
is necessary to a proper enforcement of the
reconstruction acts heretofore passed, and to a
just and fair settlement of this vexed question.
In conclusion, sir, permit me to say that we
are now engaged in rebuilding the foundations
of this great Government that have been shaken
by the fierce tempest of civil war. Treason
did its work in attempting to pull down and
destroy, let it be the work of loyal hands to
build up, beautify, and adorn this temple of
liberty. Let us see to it that the loyal people
are protected throughout the limits of the whole
country; that equal and exact justice to all
men shall be the rule by which the Republic is
guided, and then we shall have faithfully exe-
cuted the trust committed to us.
REPORT
of
THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS
CONCERNING
The Bights of American Citizens in
Foreign States.
In the House of Representatives,
January 27, 1868.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill concerning the Rights
of American Citizens in Foreign States, accom-
panied by the following report; which was
ordered to be printed in the Globe:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom
was referred ''so much of the President's
message as relates to our foreign affairs," also
House resolutions Nos. 100, 111, 159, and
1GG, instructing the committee to inquire into
and report upon the subject of the rights of
American citizens in foreign countries; as
well as sixty-three resolutions and memorials
adopted in public meetings held by citizens
of different sections of the country, praying
that action be taken to secure to citizensof the
U uited States protection abroad, respectfully
REPORT:
The treaty of peace betweeen the United
States and Great Britain at the close of the
war of Independence left unsettled three sub-
jects of international importance: First, the
impressment of seamen; second, the right of
search ; and third, the question of expatriation.
The impressment of seamen had long been
practiced under the most absolute of the mon-
archs of England, and little discrimination was
there made between subjects and foreigners.
The right to search American vessels had
been asserted and exercised by Great Britain
from the recognition of American independ-
ence. Both claims were justified upon the
theory of intrinsic and perpetual aliegiancc
of all persons born subject to the British Crown.
The enforcement of this doctrine by tho ar-
rest and search of American vessels on the
high seas, the impressment of American sea-
men, and the imprisonment of such as would
not fight against their country, led to the war
with Great Britain in 1812, which resulted in
the triumph of our forces by sea and land.
The treaty of peace did not in terms surrender
these claims, but they were abandoned in prac-
tice. No impressment has been attempted
since the war closed. A feeble effort to estab-
lish the right of search in a qualified form was
made in the quintuple treaty negotiated in
1841, for the ostensible purpose of suppressing
the slave trade and piracy, by the five great
Powers—England, France, Austria, Russia,
and Prussia. Having been declined by the
United States, and not being ratified by France,
the treaty failed. The exei-cise of the right of
search and impressment of seamen, which led
to the war of 1812, have therefore been aban-
doned. But the claim is still maintained. The
very earnest appeals of Mr. Webster, made as
late as 1842, enforcing the wisdom and public
necessity of removing this ground of past com-
plaint and future danger, were promptly but
politely rejected.
The question of the right of expatriation, the
most important of all, and upon which both
these claims rested, still remains unsettled, and
under different circumstances becomes one of
the most important questions of our day.
At the commencement of the war of 1812
the number of emigrants in the United States
did not exceed one hundred and twenty thou-
sand. International difficulties prevented any
considerable emigration from 1810 to 1816. The
actual returns from 1820 to 1867, added to the
estimated emigration from 1790 to 1820, show
that the total emigration to this country from
Europe since the Declaration of Independence
is six million six hundred and forty thousand
persons. No more important question can
arise than that which concerns the relations
of this portion of the American people to the
Governments they have abandoned and that of
their adoption. The English^ law holds them
and their descendants as British subjects, ''at
least to the second generation, and perhaps for-
ever." * The theory of a double allegiance is
discarded, and they and their descendants, even
though born of a foreign mother, are inexora-
bly and forever held to the service of native-
born subjects, incapable of disavowing their
allegiance to the mother country or of acquir-
ing a legal citizenship in another land, and
liable to punishment as traitors if found in a
time of war in the Army or Navy of their
adopted country.
During a general war in Europe they would
be deprived of the privileges of travel or com-
merce; and in the event of participation by
this Government in such war, which is not im-
possible, they would be liable to punishment
as traitors by European or American Govern-
ments, whether yielding compulsory service to
one or the other. The execution of natural-
ized citizens of the United States when cap-
tured in the American Army by the British
troops, who claimed them as British subjects
during the late war, was only prevented by the
President's orders for retaliation on British
soldiers. Deprived of recognized citizenship,
debarred from the privileges of travel or com-
merce in peace, and exposed to punishment in
time of war, they are without safety and with-
out rights. The commission of public crimes
could not more effectually strip them of privi-.
leges which in every age and in all parts of
the world have been the accompaniments of
civilization and freedom. At the opening of
our national career Great Britain attempted to
enforce her claims upon her natural-born sub-
jects beyond her territorial jurisdiction, arrest-
ing American ships and impressing American
seamen under their own flag. The actual suf-
ferers were few in number. Now, after the
lapse of half a century a similar claim is en-
forced against a nation of people; not, it is
true, as before, upon their own soil or under
their own flag, but wherever found within the
jurisdiction of other nations. In the first con-
test- their success would have driven American
sailors from the ocean. In this it would deprive
masses of the American people of privileges
that were never denied to any nation, retain-
ing any sense of the value of personal liberty.
It is scarcely to be supposed that it can be
pressed to this extent; but if the doctrine be
inapplicable to masses of people it is unjust that
it should be enforced against individual citizens
in a manner to disturb the peace of a nation.
The correspondence transmitted to Congress
shows that naturalized citizens of the United
States being present in Great Britain, without
the commission of any offense, have been
arrested, tried, convicted, sentenced, and pun-
ished as criminals, upon the ground that they
were natural born subjects of the Crown ; that
their allegiance was perpetual and indefeasible,
except by its consent; and that they were there-
fore subject to its laws and liable to punishment
not only for offenses committed within its juris-
diction, but for words spoken and acts per-
formed in the United States. They claim the
protection of their adopted country which has
made them citizens and conferred upon them
the same rights both at home and abroad which
are enjoyed by native-born Americans. The
Government is in duty bound to listen to their
appeal, and to protect them in their rights. The
4 "Unless tho British Government consents to their
ancestors expatriation, tho same posterity mu>t be
treated as British at least to the sceond generation,
and perhaps forever."—WestlaJcc's Private Interna-
tional Lato, page 23.
