1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of Committee on Foreign Affaire.
Ho. of Reps.
President called the especial attention of Con-
gress to this subject in iris last annual message.
It is not our province to examine laws of
England under which these prosecutions have
been conducted; but as the English judges
appeal to the law authorities of this country
in justification of their course it may not be
inappropriate to consider the origin and nature
of the claim of indefeasible and perpetual alle-
giance to the British Crown. The principal
authority cited in its support is found in Black-
stone's Commentaries on the Laws of Eng-
land, as follows:
"Natural allegiance is such as is due from all men
born within the sovereigns dominions, immediately
upon their birth; for, immediately upon their birth,
they are under the protection of the Crown, at a time,
too, when (during infancy) they are incapable of pro-
tecting themselves. Natural allegiance is, therefore,
a debt of gratitude whieh cannot be forfeited, can-
celed, or altered by any change of time, place, or
circumstance, nor by anything but the united con-
currence of the Legislature. An Englishman who
removes to France or to China owes the same alle-
giance to the King of England there as at home, and
twentyyearshenceasweU asnow; for it is a principle
of universal law that the natural born subject of one
prince cannot by any act of his own—no, not by swear-
ing allegiance to another, put off or discharge his
natural allegiance to the former; for this natural
allegiance was intrinsic and primitive and anteee-
dentto the other.and cannot be divested without the
concurrent act of that prince to whom it was first
due."—Vol. I., page 368.
The Commentaries of Blackstone have prob-
ably never had greater weight with any people
than in this country. In the discussions pre-
ceding the Revolution it was the authority
mainly relied upon by the Colonists in their'
contest with the mother country for constitu-
tional liberty. More copies of his work were
purchased in America than had been sold in
Great Britain up to the time of the Revolution.
It is not forgotten, however, that he supported
in Parliament principles of law in direct oppo-
sition to those of his Commentaries. Black-
stone was the servant of power, and it was
not without justice that Junius said of him that
" he recollected he had a place to preserve,
though he forgot he had a reputation to lose."
But the American Constitution is itself proof
that Blackstone's theory of allegiance was not
accepted by the American governments. He
claimed for the sovereign absolute power. He
left to the subject nothing but servile submis-
sion. The American statesmen reversed the
proposition. In their system the people were
absolute "and the ruler a representative only.
According to the philosophy of Blackstone the
people were a possession of the Government.
Under the American system the Government
was the property of the people. They reserved
to the body-politic collectively the power of
reforming its institutions at pleasure, and left
to the people individually the right of trans-
ferring their allegiance to other Governments
whenever the safety of life, the welfare of the
subject, or liberty of conscience should de-
mand it.
There are no rules of universal authority by
which Governments are guided in regulating
the rights of subjects. The controversy exist-
ing between this country and England, and in
a less degree with European States, in regard
to the rights conferred by emigration and natu-
ralization is a contest between feudal ideas and
those that govern civilized States. Feudalism
held all rights dependent upon the possession
of the soil. The soil was the gift of the Crown.
Allegiance was due to the Crownand controlled
by the place of birth, and all the obligations of
the people were summed up in that of personal
fidelity to the king. It was more absolute in
England as established by William the Con-
queror, than on the continent under Charle-
magne or the Gothic kings.
The oath of allegiance administered to the
landholders of England by William the Con-
queror at Salisbury, in 1086, sets forth this
obligation and the reason upon which it is
founded with more authority than in the par-
aphrase given us by Blackstone. Observe the
oath to the Crown : "I become your man from
this day forth, of life and limb and earthly
worship, and unto you will be faithful, and
bear you faith for the land I hold of you. So
help me God.1'
The feudal law of Europe claimed allegiance
to the Crown from the barons, and that of lesser
lords and landholders to the barons in turn.
The English monarch held all alike in subjec-
tion to the Crown. Other laws extended the
principle to strangers, who were required to
live and die in the king's quarrels, to serve in
his wars, and to lodge only in English houses.
The king's writ, ne exeat Regno instead of
being limited as now to processes of civil
courts, obliged his subjects to remain within
the realm, or recalled them from beyond the
seas, and this "not merely in respect to at-
tempts prejudical to the State, but from the
king's right tothe attendance and service of
his liege men within the realm." No merchant
was allowed to remain in the country above
forty days, no host to receive a lodger for more
than three nights, and no man to wander from
the highway without sounding a horn, under
penalty of death.
The doctrine taught by Blackstone is hardly
less absolute in principle than these provisions
of the laws of Alfred, William, and later kings,
upon which his theory is founded. It is un-
necessary to say that in this age such doctrines
have no claim to respect. The truth is now
universally recognized in theory if not in prac-
tice : the world belongs to its people. Politi-
cal institutions are rather for them than for
their rulers. Under every form of adminis-
tration it is now admitted that Governments are
for the people, if not by them; and in'this
view they claim that " that which is best admin-
istered is best."
This is true of European States, but es-
pecially of England. The great charters of
later English history and the popular rights
secured by them attest this fact. The feudal
theory of allegiance in England was early mod-
ified by the statute of Henry VII, which de-
clared that no one was to be called in question
for obeying a king de facto: denying the theory
of divine right, and recognizing partially the
revolutionary doctrines of possession and power.
This is regarded as the basis of modern English
allegiance.
The revolution of 1088 was the foundation
of the present British constitution and over-
threw all feudal institutions. The king no
longer held power exclusively from tenure,
birth, or possession, but by the consent of the
people. Ho obtained from their represent-
atives year by year authority for his Govern-
ment, and supplies for the maintenance of his
army and navy. Instead of being held by the
king to the soil on whieh they were born, the
people forbade the king to leave the kingdom
without the consent of their representatives.
"Sovereignty," they said, "was in the king
with the Parliament." Without the recog-
nition and support of the representatives of
the people he had no power. Such is the com-
parison which history forces upon us between
the Governments of William of Normandy, in
1086, and that of William of Orange, in 1688.
And such is the contrast between the princi-
ples of allegiance contended for by Blackstone
and English judges of the present day, and that
which is sustained by the principles of modern
history based upon public reason and justice.
Restrictive legislation, which forbade subjects
to leave or strangers to enter the kingdom, has
been swept away. The prerogative of kings,
though sometimes exercised in such matters
during the bloodier periods of European his-
tory ,Jias been resisted and its abuse punished
with exile or death. The Chinese have been
compelled to abandon their system of isolation
and exclusion, maintained for many thousand
years. Within our own time it has been held
by all civilized nations that a government of
isolation and exclusion presented in itself just
grounds of war.
Such changes in the constitution of-England
and the States of Europe demonstrate that the
doctrine of feudal supremacy, which is the basis
of feudal allegiance as now upheld, ought to be
without authority or force in any form of gov-
ernment existing in this age.
Having made war upon a nation so distant
as that of China, disturbing so little the rest of
the world by the movements of her people or
the character of her Government, it scarcely
becomes the_English or European Govern-
ments to maintain the principles of absolute
aTU\ perpetual power over their natural-born
subjects, or the supremacy of municipal law
against the laws of nations and the progress of
civilization.
of the service due to government.
It is not to be denied that there is between
the Government and the subject an equitable
and mutual interest; neither can it be denied
that there is due from every citizen to the Gov-
ernment under which he lives certain obliga-
tions, and that the service which is implied by
these obligations, whether or not supported by
his oath, cannot be castoff without its consent.
This is but a just return for the protection which
he receives from the Government, which attends
him from his birth, and secures after death the
preservation and disposition of his property
according to his will so long as his name or
race shall endure. This does not arise so much
from any special or implied contract made in
the organization of society as from the law of
necessity and of nature. It is inherent in every
form of civilized society, and is as apparent
and as absolute in an unorganized company of
individuals as it is in village, city, State, or
nation. No man is permitted anywhere among
civilized men to look with unconcern upon any
outrage inflicted upon the persons or property
of a company of which he is a member, without
at least signifying to the extent of his ability
his opposition to the wrong and defeating it if
in his power. _ This mutual obligation extends
to the protection of property, the preservation
of the public peace, as well as to the security
of life. The same obligation rests upon a sub-
ject in regard to the Government under which
he lives. He is bound to assist in its protec-
tion, to aid in its support by the contribution
of his means or his labor, to maintain its honor
unimpaired, to strengthen its capacity for use-
fulness by the performance of every duty which
is necessary to the peace and prosperity of
society, and to defend it in peril with his life
if necessary. Failure in the performance of
such duties is justly condemned and punished
by all Governments. But the recognition of
these varied and important obligations can in
no wise be held to render such subjects and
their descendants to the second and third gen-
erations perpetual prisoners of any association,
society, or form of government. So long as
they are of it they must fulfill their obligations,
whatever they are. A mere contingent or pos-
sible obligation cannot rightly be made by con-
struction, absolute and perpetual, controlling
the actions and life of the subject from whom it
is due wherever he may be found.
But if, from causes appertaining to the con-
science or safety, the welfare of a subject or
his family is to be improved by separation
from that society of which he is a member, the
laws of nature and the practice of all civilized
nations, ancient and modern, justify him,
within reasonable limits, in severing that con-
nection ; otherwise, in a State which has an
established religion, any citizen might be com-
pelled to conform to its doctrines, and to leave
his descendants to the same mental and moral
servitude, deprived of the freedom of belief,
and without that freedom of worship to which,
according to the laws of nature and of God,
every man is entitled. Society is necessary to
the existence of man, and government indis-
pensable to his civilization, prosperity, and
power. But the perpetual subjection of every
