3t>44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
this land if they had thought fit without compensa-
tion, without any treaty stipulation."
And Mr. Abbott Lawrence, who is well
known to members of the Senate, our former
minister to the Court of St. James, also gave
his assent to this opinion of Governor Kent.
In 1844 the Legislature of Maine authorized
its Governor, only two years after the treaty
was consummated, to come here and claim
indemnity for this land, and the Legislature of
Maine in 1845 passed this resolve:
" lieaolved, That Maine has a just and equitable
claim upon the Government of the United States for
lull lemuneration for her proportion of all lands sot
off to claimants under the provisions of article four
of the treaty of Washington, and the Governor is
hereby authorized and requested to present the same
to the General Government for adj ustment and allow-
ance."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wisk to say simply
that in this same fourth article there is a pro-
vision that releases shall be given. The United
States Government stipulates in this fourth
article that releases shall be given for these
lands. The Government of the United States
could not do it; the only persons who could
execute releases were the owners. The State'
of Maine is the owner, and she wishes remun-
eration before executing the release.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
And let me say that there are over a thousand
persons to-day waiting for these releases. They
cannot sell those lauds because they have no
good title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire how this claim
comes to be before the Committee on Foreign
Relations; whether it was referred to the com-
mittee by the Senate'!
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Yes, sir ; referred to that committee in the
Senate and House of Representatives both.
It is under a treaty ; the treaty of Washington.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In what form was it
referred ? How did it eftme to be referred at
this session of Congress?
Mr. FESSENDEN. At this session of Con-
gress it was not referred ; it was taken before
the committee at my request, having been re-
ferred there, before.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is a private claim,
and should have been considered with a view
to a separate bill, if it has merits, by the Com-
mittee on Claims. I do not think the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations can exofficio take
jurisdiction over a particular amendment to a
bill because it is a committee taking charge of
a piece of business not referred to it specially,
and it is out of its jurisdiction and offering an
amendment to a bill where it is not at all ger-
mane.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suggest to the Sen-
ator that the Committee on Foreign Relations
is the only committee in the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate who ever have had
charge of this claim. They have always had
charge of it by reason of its arising under a
treaty. Here is a report made by Mr. Doo-
uitle in the Thirty-Seventh Congress :
"The Committee on IToreign Relations having been
instructed by the Senate to inquire what further
legislation, if any,is required to carry into effect, tho
fourth article of the treaty with Great Britain of
August 9, 1842, submitted the following report."
He submitted a report with a much larger
bill than this. It has been always before that
committee, and none other.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
have one by Senator Wade, one by Senator
Clark, one by Mr. Rice, of the House of
Representatives, and one by myself, all from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING. The question before the
Senate, as I understand, is a point of order,
which is about to be decided by Senators, very
few of whom, I judge, have read for themselves
the rule. I supposed I remembered generally
the rule until I heard the argument of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and
then I supposed that it must be quite different
from my recollection in order to bear out the
argument which he based upon it. I under-
stood him to reason this question as if it were
to be decided upon the test of whether it arises
under a treaty or not. Thatwas quite contrary
to my remembrance of the rule, and I have
referred to it. I have it here, and I beg to call
the attention of Senators to the fact that if it
does arise under a treaty, that clothes it with
no admissibility under this rule, as I conceive:
"And no amendment shall be received whose object
is to provide for a private claim, unless it bo to carry
out the provisions of au existing law or a treaty
stipulation."
I take it there is no doubt in the minds of a
majority of the Senate that this is a private
claim. I do not understand the honorable
Senator from Maine to deny that. I do not
think it can be denied legally, although I
understood the Senator from Massachusetts in
a certain sense to make a distinction between
this and a claim due to an individual. The
question, then, is whether it is to carry out the
provisions of a treaty stipulation. I should
like to know what treaty stipulation there is to
be carried out by this appropriation. The
argument is that the Government of the United
States having made a treaty with Great Britain
settling boundaries and other considerations,
one effect of that treaty was to divest the State
of Maine, or constructively divest it, of its title
to certain lands, and that therefore, upon con-
siderations ethical, upon considerations dehors
the treaty, in a certain sense a claim arises
over against the Government of the United
States by the State .of Maine. That presup-
poses at once that it is not to carry out a treaty
stipulation. The very essence and gravamen
of it is that in carrying out a treaty certain
hardship is occurred to the State of Maine for
which that State asks recompense of the Gen-
eral Government. If there was any treaty stip-
ulation on this subject, certainly no legislation
of this sort would be necessary. Therefore I
humbly submit that although it arises under a
treaty, manifestly it is not "to carry out the
provisions of an existing law or a treaty stip-
ulation."
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from New
York will allow me, I will state that my recol-
lection was that this claim has been heretofore
excluded from the appropriation bills upon a
point of order; and 1 am informed now by the
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeiioy] that that
is the case. I have not been able to find it in
the Journal, hut my recollection is so.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Kan-
sas stated to me that while he occupied the
chair last year he did exclude this very claim
on the point now made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word in reply.
The language of this clause will satisfy every-
body that the amendment is to carry out a
treaty stipulation in so many words. What
does the Government of the United States
agree to do ?
"And all equitable possessory claims arising from
a possession and improvement ol any lot or parcel
of land by the person actually in possession or by
those under whom such person claims, for more than
six years before the date of this treaty, shall in like
manner bo deemed valid and be confirmed and
quieted by a release to the person entitled thereto."
The Government of the United States stipu-
late that there shall be a quieting of title by a
release. That is the treaty stipulation.
Mr. CONKLING. That has been done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir ; that has not
been done, because there is nobody that can
grant the release but the State of Maine, the
ownerofthe land ; and the State ofMaine comes
here and says, " Pay us the value of this land,
which is estimated at $1 25 an acre, and we
will grant these releases," and they cannot be
granted without. The treaty cannot be carried
out, this stipulation cannot be performed,
unless the State of Maine—the owner of the
land—executes these releases. They have
never been executed, aud, as my friend from
New Hampshire suggests, to this day these
men cannot sell their lands for anything like a
good price, because this is a cloud upon their
title. This very amendment says that so much
money shall be paid to the State of Maine lor
these lands, but that it shall not be paid until
she has executed releases according to ihe
terms of the treaty. The stipulation of the
treaty is directly that a release shall be given.
Who is to give it? Of necessity the owners
give it, and the United States must oblige the
owners or prevail on the owners to do it. The
amendment is therefore to carry out a treaty
stipulation directly and properly, and for no
other purpose, and that brings it directly
within the exception of the rule.
Mr. CONKLING. It is very difficult, even
for the Senator from Maine, with his^ skill in
discussion, to discuss this point of order with-
out referring to the merits of the proposition,
and it is difficult to meet what he suggests
without referring to the merits of the proposi-
tion, which I did not mean to do ; but I beg to
suggest to him my view of the point which he
now presents. The treaty stipulations were
between the Government of the United States
and the Government of Great Britain. The
provision was that releases should be executed
quieting these titles, as the Senator says. Now
admit, if you please, for the sake of the argu-
ment, that nobody could do that except the
State of Maine, though that is a question which
will be debated when we come to the merits
of this proposition. It has been debated by
those who have made minority reports on
the subject, one of which I hold in my hand.
But admitting that the State of Maine was the
proper grantor in these quit- claims to be given,
I ask the Senator where is the provision in
this treaty that the Government of the United
States should pay to the State of Maine the
sums which are now proposed?
The Senator may say that if Maine was to
release this land she ought to have a remedy over
against the General Government. Granted;
but the treaty is silent on that point, and Mr.
Obth, and three other gentlemen concurring
with him iu the minority repoit which I hold
in my hand find, as I should fear if I were a
friend of the proposition the Senate would find,
that article five of the Ashburton treaty gave
to the State of Maine her recompense, that a
specific 8300,000 was intended, as these four
gentlemen find, to pay and liquidate this very
equity now asserted. I do not mean to go into
that, however. Suffice it to say, for the sake
of my point, that the treaty stipulation is that
these parties shall be quitted in iheir titles.
That was done in 1842. Now, I ask, where is
the treaty, stipulation pursuant to which SI 25
per acre is to be paid by the General Govern-
ment to the State of Maine for this debatable
territory. I do not see any such provision as
that, and I do not think the argument of the
Senator goes to the purpose.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Allow me to ask a question. There is a some-
what parallel case to this which has lately
come up in the House. We made a treaty
with Russia last year by which we agreed to
pay $7,200,000 for Alaska. The question
came up in the House whether an appropria-
tion for that should be put upon an appropria-
tion bill or not. The Committee on Appro-
priations claimed that it belonged properly oil
that bill. I believe the Committee on Foreign
Affairs contested that, because they wanted to
manipulate the $7,200,000, thinking the ap-
propriation might not get through if it went to
the Committee on Appropriations; but the
Committee on Appropriations claimed that it
belonged to them under the rule, and that it
should go on the appropriation bill. I want
to know if that is not a parallel case to this?
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will allow me now to turn his illustration upon
him, it seems to me it points the precise moral
which I seek to enforce here. There was a
stipulation between the Government of the
United States and the emperor of Russia that
a specified sum of mouey should be paid by
the one to the other for a particular purpose.
That was of the very essence of the treaty
stipulation ; and when the House Committee
on Appropriations said that it belonged to
them they laid their hands upon a rule which
declared that a sum of money to be paid under
