1596
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
officer shall not make a preliminary decision
upon a mere question of order, a question of
the admissibility of testimony, and questions
of evidence. It seems to me that we ought, in
a proceeding of this kind, to be very careful
not to trench upon the prerogatives of an officer
called here to preside over us by the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I really supposed
that the Senator from Missouri did not intend
to press this motion, but made it rather as a
joke.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I should be
very sorry, indeed, for the financial interests of
this country if the honorable Senator from
Ohio should ever make as great a mistake on
any question of finance as lie has made upon
this question this evening. I was just as far
from joking as ever a Senator was on this
floor. The Senator from Ohio speaks about
the " prerogatives " of the presiding officer of
this court. I deny that he has any preroga-
tives except those which appertain simply to
the duty of presiding over the deliberations of
the court, putting questions to the vote of the
court and announcing the decision of the court.
The Constitution simply says that when the
President of the United States is tried the
Chief Justice shall preside. In that position
ho has just exactly the same powers and func-
tions that the Vice President would have in
any other case of impeachment, and no more.
Now, sir, any man in the country, whether a
lawyer or not, may, in the course of events,
come to fill the position of Vice President of
the United States. Suppose that a man who
had never been a lawyer, never made law his
study, and did not know anything at all about
the complex rules of evidence in the courts of
justice were to be elevated to the Vice Pres-
idency, and the Senate should consist, as it
does now, of a large majority of those who
have made the law their study during a large
portion of their lives, and he should be set up
in the chair as the presiding officer of that
body to decide questions of law; I will ven-
ture to say that the Senate would regard it as
quite preposterous.
Now, sir, why should we set the Chief Jus-
tice there to decide these questions? We can-
not do it, in my opinion, without a violation
of the spirit of the Constitution, which does not
entitle him to any more prerogatives as the
presiding officer of the court than the Vice
President would have in other cases.
But, sir, there is a very grave objection to
this. Even taking the distinguished Chief
Justice of the United States, so justly dis-
tinguished for his great mind and his great
knowledge of the law, it is not proper, it is not
judicious, it is not for the purposes of justice
expedient that the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment, should ever be brought to the
point of overruling a decision made by the
Chief Justice of the United States sitting m the
chairas the presiding officer of the court. Itis
not proper that the judgment of the Senate
upon questions of law, which it mustultimately
decide, if a single Senator demands itsdecision,
should be warped, or if not warped, in any de-
gree affected by the previous announcement of
an opinion upon that question by so high a ju-
dicial officer as the Chief Justice.
Sir, it might be that, on some future occa-
sion, when a President of the United States
should be impeached again, the Chief Justice
might be a very strong opponent of his, or a very
strong advocate of his, and that his decisions
might be influenced one way or the other by the
personal considerations or the political con-
siderations which bound him to the President
or made him the President's opponent. Under
these circumstances, it is not wise or judicious,
in my opinion, that we should lay down a rule,
not only for this trial but for all other trials,
which might bring the Chief Justice, sitting as
our presiding officer, in continual conflict with
the Senate. Let the Senate decide its own ques-
tions of law. Let it not, by simple acquiescence,
put the Chief Justice there to decide these ques-
tions of law. Let them come up "to the work
themselves and pronounce, their own decision,
without the necessity of appealing from his de-
cision, and being brought into antagonism with
him.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it was the
object of the committee, if I am able to state
their object, in conferring this authority upon
the presiding officer merely to facilitate the
business of the trial. It was not intended, nor
does the rule itself imply, that he sui juris is
to exercise the power of deciding any ques-
tions, whether incidental or otherwise. It was
supposed that it would tend to facilitate the
trial and be for the convenience of all the
parties and of the Senate that he should have
authority to decide a certain class of questions
as they might arise in the first instance,
merely for convenience and as the organ of the
Senate.
On reflection, however, I am satisfied that
this part of the rules ought to be dispensed
with. I can see very plainly that cases may
arise in the course of a trial in which there
would be a dissension between the Presiding
Officer of the Senate and the Senate itself. I
can very well see that such a thing may happen
in the course of our own experience and within
a few weeks, perhaps within a few days. If it
should occur that the Chief Justice of the Uni-
ted States should preside over this body upon
the trial of impeachment which is now filling
the public mind, and if it should happen that
collisions should occur between the Senate
and that high judicial functionary, it would be
at least a very unpleasant state of things, for
the Senate would not be proud, perhaps, to be
found in continued collision in point of opinion
with the highest judicial officer of the Govern-
ment. I am, therefore, anxious to avoid the
appearance of a collision or antagonism between
him and us. I shall therefore oll'er, if it be
in order, an amendment, to the motion of the
honorable Senator from Missouri, to strike out
the latter clause of the seventh rule and insert
a substitute for it. I will inquire if the offer-
ing of a substitute will be in order.
The PRESIDING OKEICKR. It will be
in order to modify the part proposed to be
stricken out before the question is put 011
striking out.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to move an
amendment to the part proposed to be stricken
out, which is first in order.
Mr. HOWARD. My amendment is to strike
out the second clause of the seventh rule and
to insert the following in its stead :
The presiding officer m;iy, in tho first instance,
submit to the Senate, without a division, alt ques-
tions of evidence and incidental questions, but the
same shall, on the demand of one filth of the mem-
bers present, be decided by yeas and nays.
I offer that as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, and to take
the place of the clause which he proposes to
expunge.
Mr. DRAKE. I have no objection to that
as an amendment to my proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. The same result, pre-
cisely, will be reached, I think, if we only
make a few verbal alterations in the text. I
will read the text, with two or three verbal
alterations:
And tho pre-'iding officer may rule all questions of
evidence and incidental questions, which rufinKshall
stand, unless uume member sha.ll ask for 0, format
vote to be taken t.hereou, in wliicil case it shall he
submitted to the members for decision ; or ho may,
at his option, in the first instance, submit any such
question to a vote of the members present.
Striking out the words, '' of the court," in
the first line, "as the judgment of the court,"
in the second, and "of the court," in the
third, and supplying the word "members,"
are all the alterations necessary to meet, the
case precisely as the Senator from Michigan
has stated it. However, I have 110 choice in
regard to the matter. I have 110 objection to
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think this is the most
important question that has been raised upon
these proposed rules. I intended to raise this
question myself if no other member did so. It
seems to me that the object intended would
be reached by adopting the motion of the Sen-
ator from Missouri simply striking out this
clause. I understand that provision is made
in the latter part of the twenty-third rule for
submitting these questions to the Senate by
the presiding officer t,o a viva voce vote, and
the decision to be taken without debate. That
is my understanding ; and if I am correct in
that opinion the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Michigan is not necessary. If
we strike out the clause in question the case
will be left complete without anything further.
Now, Mr. President, one of two theories
must obtain: either the one suggested—not
exactly advocated or asserted, but suggested—
by the Senator from Ohio, that the Chief Jus-
tice, when he presides over our deliberations,
is a member of the court; or the other theory,
that the Senate of the United States, composed
of two members from each State, constitutes
this tribunal of impeachment sole and entire,
and that the Chief Justice is simply a pre-
siding officer to administer our rules of order,
preserve decorum in our proceedings, and to
give such incidental and yet invaluable assist-
ance as a presiding officer can upon such an
occasion.
If you adopt the latter theory this clause of
the seventh rule is manifestly improper. If the
Chief Justice be a member of this tribunal of
impeachment, if he be armed with legal powers
as such member, it may be proper for the other
members to allow him to make a decision in
the first instance, with the right of appeal to
the body in general afterward. But, sir, if it
be true that he is simply a presiding officer, and
that all the legal duties of the trial are charged
upon the Senators alone, distinct from him,
this rule proposes to transfer a power and a
duly which rests with the Senate itself and to
charge it upon the presiding officcr.
I do not agree with the Senator from Ohio
that the decisions upon the admission of evi-
dence are questions of order. If that were so
we might impose them upon the presiding
officer. But the admission of evidence is a
question of law. It affects vitally the trial
itself. It is not a question of order of proceed-
ing or of the manner of proceeding. It relates
to the essentials of the trial itself. The' admis-
sion of evidence, therefore, is a question which
belongs to the tribunal which tries the case;
and we cannot throw from ourselves the duty
or strip ourselves of the power.
Now, what does this rule propose? The
presiding officer is to decide these questions
of evidence, and then a member of the Sen-
ate may appeal from his decision, because it.
amounts to that. A member may require that
the question shall be submitted to the Senate.
In what condition shall we be placed? In a
condition of possible hostility, so far as judg-
ment is concerned, with our own Presiding
Officer. We part with the power of deciding
in the first instance and retain to ourselves an
appellate power. All this is manifestly im-
proper, if, indeed, that theory be true which I
have stated, that the Chief Justice is but the
presiding officer of this body and not a mem-
ber of the Senate for the time being and for
the purposes of the trial of an impeachment.
Mr, President, let it be remembered through-
out that these rules are not confined to the
present case. They are rules for the trial of
all impeachments which can be brought before
the Senate. In ordinary cases this question
which we are now debating will apply to the
Vice Piesident of the United States, who will
be present presiding over the proceedings of
the Senate during an impeachment trial. Can
any one pretend that the Vice President of the
United States, sitting here as our presiding
officer when we are trying an impeachment,
is to exercise the power of deciding upon
questions of law pending the trial? The mere
statement of the proposition is the answer to
it. No one can doubt the impropriety of it in
that case. The only circumstance which tends
to confuse the judgment of members is the
fact that in this exceptional case, this peculiar
case, a judge is brought in here by the Con-
stitution, the Chief Justice of the United
