212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
and 21, the States are allowed to sell one hundred and
twenty sections in advance of building any portion
of the road, and thoroatter, upon the certificates of
the Governors of said States that any continuous
twenty miles of any of said roads is completed, then
another one hundred and twenty sections can l>c sold,
and so from time to time until the wlicle is com-
pleted. Ifthetermsof the statute were not complied
"within ten years the unsold lands to revert to the
Government. , .
By the act of March S, 1865, the time is extended
to June S, 1S71, and twenty miles required to be
graded, ready for ties, within two years trom date or
passage of act, and twenty miles each yoar_ there-
after. In the event of failure to comply with the
conditions, the lauds within the grant to revert to the
Government. , ,,
The estimated quantity of land that would revert
should conditions not be complied with make—
Ih Wisconsin 321,000 acres.
In Michigan    1250,000 acres.
Total  574,000 acres.
The tract authorized by the second section of the
proposed bill to be patented to therailroad company
was duly certified to the S tate of Wisconsin tor the
use of the railroad June 6.1SU4, in accordance with
the principles of the original act ot June 3,1856, and
was approved by the Secretary of the Interior June
11,1S04. , „
The resolution contemplates that the Commissioner
shall patent the Fort Howard eighty-acre tract to the
company; but the question may arise whether the
Government has now the legal ability to do so, the
tract having been already duly certified to the State
for the use of theroad, and thus thetitle, to all intent
and purposes, has passed from the Government, only
to be resumed in event of failure to comply with
statute; and again, what end is to be subserved by
the issue of patent in view of the fact that the com-
pany have complied with the terms of the resolution
of 1862, to build within three years between the
points named therein, which, it is under-stood,_has
been done, the State being bound to dispose of the
tract for their benefit?
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. E. B. WASHBURNE, House of Representatives.
Mr. DAWES. I will, in justification of all
I have said, ask the Clerk to read the resolu-
tion again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. PRICE. The Committee on the Pacific
Railroad had an informal consideration of this
matter, every member being present except
one; and as it only proposes the stockholders
may change the place of meeting from spring
to fall and designate any one of the places
named we saw no objection to it.
Mr. PRUYN. There is an omission in the
resolution, to which I wish to call attention, of
the word "annual" before " meeting."
Mr. DAWES. Let it be inserted.
Mr. PRUYN. I was not present at tlie
informal meeting of the committee when this
subject was discussed ; I was not aware that
the meeting was to be held ; but I have no ob-
jection, inasmuch as these gentlemen are now
holding over, that the time for holding the
election shall be changed. It seems better
to hold it just before the commencement of
operations in the spring than in the midst of
operations in the fall. I do object, however,
to any change in the place where this company
can be found. We should know where they
are to be found and that they are to be found
there, if you please, always. Their principal
office should be in one of the great centers of
the country, either New York, Boston, Phila-
delphia, Chicago, or elsewhere. It ought to be
at some permanent point, and not afloat. The
annual election should not be held at one place
in one year and at another place in another
year. To that part of the resolution I object,
and I shall ask for a division if it is susceptible
of division.
The SPEAKER. It is susceptible of amend-
ment, but not of division.
Mr. PRUYN. Then I shall move to strike
out that part of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The joint
resolution is not yet before the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to make .an
inquiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] I understand that there has
been a serious difference of opinion, not to use
a harsher term—perhaps we ought to call it a
very severe quarrel—in the board of directors
in reference to the management of the affairs
of this railroad; as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts suggests, it might well be called the
"recent unpleasantness" in connection with |
this road. 1 desire to know whether the propo- j
sitiou here offered has any relation to that
quarrel and makes us in any way a party to it
whether we take sides with either party to that
quarrel? I would be glad to know that belore
1 am called upon to vote on it-
Mr. DAWES. I am frank to say that I
know nothing about this quarrel, and I do not
represent any one party. But I do not see
how this can affect it at all. It simply changes
the time and fixes the place for holding the
next annual meeting. That is all.
Mr. GARFIELD. That change of time
may get one party out of power and the other
in. That is the only point that I raise.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce the joint resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand that this
joint resolution has never been before any
committee.
Mr. DAWES. It has been before the Com-'",
mitte on the Pacific Railroad informally.
Mr. RANDALL. I heard that statement.
I understand furthermore that the next meeting
of this Pacific Railroad Company does not occur
until next October.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
that because of these troubles that have been
spoken of—into which I do not go—the old
directors' are holding over, and it is desirable
for them to have their annual meeting in the
Spring.
In order to make the joint resolution a little
more definite, at the suggestion of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Piiuyx] I will strike
out the words " such other places as are by law
designated:' and insert instead after the words
"city of Washington" the words " cities of
lyoston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Chicago, Cin-
cinnati, St. Louis, and New York."
Mr. PRUYN. That improves it.
Mr. DAWES. That include all the places
named in the statute. I try to make it as fair
as I possibly can.
Mr. RANDALL. That is not the objection
I rose to make against this resolution, or rather
this legislation altogether. I do not know any-
thing about the difficulties of this road, but I
think it is time when we come to legislate in
reference to these railroads that we should
have a report of a committee on the subject.
It is due to the House and due to the country,
it seems to me, that every description of legis-
lation in reference to these railroads should
emanate from and have the consideration and
approval of a committee of this House.
I agree with a great deal that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] has said in
reference to these enormous land grants, and
I am glad that he is here to resist them in the
future. But at the same time I cannot but re-
member that his State is as deep in the mire as
he wishes now to make us out to be in the mud.
I hope that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes]—as there is no haste whatever
in reference to the matter—will allow this joint
resolution to be referred.
Mr. DAWES. The only desire is to have
this proposition passed by Congress before the
holiday recess shall begin, so that the matter
may be determined before the coming new
year; that's all.
Mr. RANDALL. It is not likely that this
proposition will pass the Senate this week.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Dawes to suspend the rules; and upon
a division there were—ayes 80, noes 24.
So, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was accordingly intro-
duced, and read the first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. DAWES. J now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman permit my amendment to be offered?
Mr. DAWES. 1 will support the proposi-
tion of the gentleman in a separate bill; but it
is incongruous to the main object of this joint
resolution, and will involve debate in this
House and in the other branch of Congress.
So fair and simple a proposition as this, which
it is desired to have passed before the new
year, I think should not have the gentleman's
proposition attached to it.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] allow me a moment
to make a statement?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. PILE. I think this joint resolution
should be referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. The chairman of that com-
mittee [Mr. Price] has j ust stated to me that
he was not cognizant of all the reasons why
this change was asked; he simply knew it was
asked.
The next regular meeting for election of
directors of this company does not occur, un-
der the law, until October next. _ Now, there
will be abundant time to have this matter re-
ferred to a committee, to have it considered,
reported upon, and passed, so that notice can
be given of the meeting prior to the time when
they desire the meeting to be held. We should
know nil the reasons why this change is asked.
We all know there is a quarrel in this com-
pany about this matter of the election of direct-
ors and officers of this road, and that in conse-
quence of that quarrel they failed to elect at
the time of the lust regular election; and it is
at least probable that it is intended by this
change that one or the other party in this quar-
rel shall get the advantage at the new election.
I hope this joint resolution will go to the com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. I now renew the call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded upon a
division—ayes 68, noes 37.
The main question was then ordered, and
under the operation thereof the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question.
The previous question wa& seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mode of paying public debt.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, in order that I may submit the follow-
ing resolution for consideration at this time:
licsohed. That in the judgment of this House all
the indebtment of the nation ought to bo paid in
exact accordanco with the acts of Congress creating
it, and not otherwise; that is tosay.all loans enacted
to be paid in gold to be so paid; all loans not so
enacted to be payable ought to be paid in lawful
money of the United States.
The question was taken upon suspending the
rules ; but before the result was announced,
Mr. BUTLER called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The qufstion was taken; and there were—
yeas 56, nays 83, not voting 48; as follc'fvs:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Axtell, Baker,
Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Benton, Burr, Butler,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cobum,
Cook, Cullom, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields,
Getz. Hawkins, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Hunter, Inger-
eoll, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Mar-
shall, Maynard. AIcClurg, Mullins, Mungen. New-
comb, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, Orth, Polsley.Ross,
Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward, Henry D.
Washburn, William Williams, and Windom—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos B.
Ashley, Bailey, Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine, Boyer,
Bromwel I, Broomall.Buekland. Dawes,Dixon .Dodge,
Driggs, Eggleaton, Ela, Eliot, Garfield. Glossbrenner,
Golladay, Grover, Ilalsey, Ilarding, Higby, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, l!ui-
burd, Jenckes,Judd,Ketcham, Knott, Koontz, Laflin,
Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin,McCarthy, Morcur. Moore,
Moorhead, Morr«ll, Myers, O'Neill, Paiuo, PorUaiu,
