1861
THE OONGRESSTONAL GLOBE.
213
Peters, PH«lpa, Pike, Pile, Plants, Pbland, Price.
Raod&U, Robertson, Robinpon, Sawyer, SchencK,
Scofiild. Sitgreaves, Smith, Sp&idipg, Starkweather,
St6wart, Taylor, Thomas, Trimble, Trrowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Vail Aufcen, Burt Vm Horn, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elibu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn.W^lkeivThoin^Willi&iBS, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—83. _ . ,,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adam*. Jwnes M. Ashler.
Baldwin, Beck. Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Brooks,
Cake, Cary. Chanler, Churchill, Cornell, Covode,
Donnelly, Bektey. Perry. Finnoy. Pox, Gravely.
Grifwold, Haifiht, Hamilton. HU1, Hotaan, Chester
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones. Kelsey, Kitchen,
Logan, Lynch, MoCulIough, Miller, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Pomeroy, Pruyxi. Haum. Selye, Sbellabarger,
Stone, Taber. Taffe, Twichell, Van Wyok, John T.
Wilson, and Woodbridge—18.
So, two thirds not voting in favor thereof, the
motion to suspend the rules was not agreed to.
REDUCTION OF NAVAL FORCE.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
rtad, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire and report to this House what
redaction may be effected in the number of officers
and men employed in the Navy by reducing our
foreign squadrons to the number of ships and guns
that were in scrvioo before the war.
CLAIMS.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the better establishment
of certain claims; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS FOB SOLDIERS OF 1812. '
Mr. MAYNARD afito, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to pension the soldiers
of the war of 1812; which was read a first ana
second time, referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and. of the War of
1812, and ordered to be printed.
OFFICERS, ETC., NOT MUSTERED IN.
Mr. MAYNARD also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill making provision for
officers and soldiers not mastered into the ser-
vice ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDliR OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] is entitled to the floor
to move to suspend the rules for the purpose
of going into the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a moment,
that I may offer a resolution to which I think
there will be no objection.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If it
will give rise to no objection I yield.
ACQUISITION OF TERRITORY.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Retolved, That this House will reserve to itself the
right to judge of the necessity and propriety of mak-
ing disbursements of the public money without ref-
erence to any action of the President and Senate in
the acquisition of territory under that clause of the
Constitution which vests in them the power to make
treaties with foreign nations.
Mr. BANKS. I object to this resolution
unless it be offered merely for reference to a
committee.
Mr. WOOD. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] has the floor on a mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SPALDING., A similar, resolution is
now before the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
THE TRIAL OF ALBERT V. D. €. LUSK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,"laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the' United States:
Jt> the Bonne of Representative* :
In compliance with the resolutions of th# Bona*
of Representatives of the 9th instant I transmit
herewith a copy of the papers relating to the trial
by a military commission of Albert M. D. 0. Lusk,
of Louisiana. No action in the case has yet been
taken by the President,   _
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washthotok, Deeemtijifli, 1887.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I more' that this
communication be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary and printedand pending
that motion I ask that if there be any indorse-
ment on the paper by the General of the Army
it may be read.
The Clerk read as follows: •
" The prisoner, the record of whose trial is wtthln,
bad every opportunity he desired to defend himself.
His crime is a most fearful and brutal, one,_and he'is
without any excuse fbr its commission.^ Itis the first
trial for murder by a military commission uriSer the
reconstruction act; and the sentence shoWM be oaf-
■ried into effect, . ,
"Respectfully submitted to the President.
"U.S. GRANT,'.
"Secretary of War ad wtfertW ,
The motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa-, was
agreed to; and the message, with the accotii;
panying documents, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judicial, tind offered tO be
printed.
CLAIMS 0# STATE OF IOWA.
Thft SPEAKER, also, by unanimous con*
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War ad,interim, trans-
mitting a report from Greneral ■ Buchanan,
special commissioner, relative to the claims
of the State of Iowa for military supplies fur-
| nished; which,was referred to the Committee
f on Appropriations. •
!, EXTRA PAT OF CLERKS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the following com-
munication from. the Secretary of War- ad
interim: • . ,
War Depibtjtent,
WABftfirOWHf CrtY, peoemlerli, 1867.
St*! I beg to withdraw my1 eoramunioatioti of the
01st November to the Committee Ways and
Means-and ta the Committ&ean Appropriations, of
the House of Representatives recommending an
increase of twenty per cent, to the clerks, &c.; of this
Department.
Very lespectfully.your obedient servant, ,, -
U.S. GRANT,
' Secretary <of Wat-ad-i*ierii*,
Hon. SchtjyI/BK Col* ax, Speaker of the Boutt of Rep-
resentative*.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the rules he suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Broomall in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of House bill No. 309, making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending the 80th of
June, 1868. . .
The bill was Tead in extenso for information.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill would
be read by paragraphs for amendments.
For folding documents, including materials, $50,000.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I want to
ask the chairman of the "Committee on Appro-
priations for im explanation of some of these
items. Here is one of $50,000 for folding
newspapers, &e. Am I to understand this is
a deficiency ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ?tate
to the gentleman from New York that the item
he refers to is a very large one, and we took
measures to ,inquire, into it. We'found that
there had be«n two sessions of Cbnferess since
the commencement of the' present fiscal year,
and a' large amount of documents had been
sent out. This is to rover the, expense. It'is
a large amount, but the House is itself to blame
for it. ~ ' . *
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman dofcs not
answer my question. Is this a deficiency?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a
deficiency; and, I will say further*to the gen-
tleman from New Yorfk that there are none
other than items for deficiency in this bill. We
excluded everything that was not a deficiency.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to ktiow underwhat
authority, what law, anybody has assumed to
expend $60,000 for "folding public documents?
If there be no law or authority for it then it has
been done in violation of law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish I
could explain that satisfactorily to the gentle-
man or to myself. This thing has continued
ever since I have been in Congress. I have
etideavored year after year to put a stop to this
matter of deficiencies; but nptwithstanding all
effort it goes on from year to year. And so it
will coptinue' Unless Congress makes a provis-
ion of law that not one dollar shall be taken
tout of the Treasury unless previous appropria-
tion is made. ' ■
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from New York will permit me for a moment.
A great many appropriations, the gentleman is
aware, are made to carry out existing laws, but
if enough be not appropriated the-deficiency
mast be supplied by a 'deficiency bill. For
.instance!", the gentleman's 6alary and mileage
are a claim he has upon the Government, and
to the payment of which he is entitled. If the
appropriation by some inadvertence should
fail to be made, or not more than twenty or
fifty j>er cettt. should be appropriated, then the
remainder must be provided for in a deficiency
bill. So in this case. I suppose last year
the usual amount for folding books, &c., was
appropriated, but we know that since the com-
mencemewl of the fiscal year there have been
two sessions of Congress. ' Daring the session
last July books were ordered to be printed and
distributed j and it was necessary that they
should* be < folded to be sent off. Men Were
employed for that purpose; they have dis-
charged the duty, ana now this money is
needed to pay them. It is'a thing which can-
aot be avoided sometimes.
Mr. BRQO&Si Having had an explanation
altogether ftiiaatisfectory, I have'a few words
to say on the subject. Deficiencies not many
years ago beyond one hundred or one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars WerO not known in
the history of this Government. They are novel-
ties o# recent Congresses—inventions partic-
ularly of the last three or four. They are in
violation of law. When Congress appropriates
a specific sum heads of Departments do not
hesitate toexceed it, in violation of law. Sueh
practice was not known prior to 1800.
Mr. MAYNARD. We appropriate for the
uses of the folding-room for the present fiscal
year, commencirig the11st of July and ending
the 80th of next June. It is now evident that
that amount will not be enough to last until the
close of that the fiscal year.
• Weare called upon to appropriate this amount
for future business ia that office, and we are to
s&y in this bill whether we will Stop the business
in the folding-roOm or go oil with it.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is mistaken,
or else this is not a deficiency, as it is stated to
be. This is a deficiency of $50,000 for the fis-
cal year ending Jutie 30, 1867, and when Con-
gress makes its appropriations for the fiscal y eat
ending June 80, 1868, it will be called upon to
make an additional appropriation for this pur-
pose. This is morqjnexcusable because when
the fiscal year expired Juno 30, 1867, both
Houses of Congress were in session, and it was
in the power of the superintendent of the fold-
ing* room to call upon this House for an appro-
priation, and if the House had desired to expend
this siim by law it was within its power at that
time to have appropriated this sum.
I have more particularly called the attention
of the House to this subject because, illegiti-
mately I think, using the money of the people
wrongfully by both sides for mere party pur-
poses, the folding-room has ceased to be what
it was- originally—a place for folding the public
documents of the House—and has become a
mere arena for the distribution of electioneer-
ing documents throughout the country more or
less by both parties, the stamps of public men
being used during the recess when they are not
here, I will not say in utter violation of law, but
without the sariction of law, for the purpose of
distributing not only political speeches made
by members of this House and of the Senate,
but essays and all other species of documents,
