1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
spent is strictly in accordance with the treaty,
and that the bill is not. The treaty is to be
found on page 965 of the twelfth volume of the
Statutes at-Large. Eight thousand dollars per
annum is to be paid for five years, commencing
the 1st of September, 1850, "or as soon there-
after as practicable." I call attention to those
words, "as soon thereafter as practicable."
Six thousand dollars per annum for six years
next succeeding the first five. For the second
series it is $6,000. I turn to another clause,
page 'J of the same volume, and I find that the
first appropriation made under this treaty was
made in 1860, and the second series, therefore,
does not terminate until 1870. In 1800, page
9, I find an appropriation for the first of five
installments, $8,000, under the treaty. The
first five terminated in 1865, and the second
series commenced then and have five years to
run, that is, according to this treaty. There
can be no doubt about that; and the second
series is for $6,000. I suppose the matter was
overlooked by the committee, because the
treaty says it was to commence on the 1st of
September, 1856, or as soon thereafter as
practicable. It did not commence until 1860,
as the treaty was not ratified until 1859.
Mr. BUTLER. If this is four, then the gen-
tleman is right; but the article of the treaty is
that it shall commence on the 1st of Septem-
ber, 1856.-
Mr. WINDOM. Or as soon thereafter as
practicable.
Mr. 13 UTLER. The third series commenced
in ten years, that is 1866. We are now mak-
ing an appropriation for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1809.
Mr. WINDOM. The treaty was not rati-
fied until 1859, and the payments did not com-
mence until 1860.
Mr. BUTLER. To that I say that 1 do
not know. I have reported here in five or
six different instances payments under treaties
made last year that have not yet been ratified,
for the reason that I was told by the Indian
commissioners that the Indians were waiting
for the money, and if they did not get it the
war would be renewed. Therefore it is no
sure ground to go upon that because the treaty
was not ratified until 1859 therefore no appro-
priation was made before that.
Mr. WINDOM. Let me call the gentle-
man's attention to this fact: that the appro-
priation in 1860 says it is for the first of five
installments.
Mr. BUTLER. Under this treaty?
Mr. WINDOM. Under this treaty. The
first began in 1860.
Mr. BUTLER.' That being so, the gentle-
man is right, and they are entitled to the other
$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. WINDOM. On page 31, line seven hun-
dred and thirty, I move to strike out '* $1,000"
and in lieu -thereof to insert " $1,200 so it
will read:
Nisciually, Puyallup, and other tribes and bands
of Indians:
For fourteenth installment, in partpaymentfor re-
linquishment of title to lands, to beapplied to bene-
ficial objects, per fourth article treaty 26th Decem-
ber, 1851. 81,200.
Mr. Chairman, this appropriation is based
on article four, page 1133, tenth volume Stat-
utes-at-Large: '' for six years after the ratifica-
tion shall be $3,200: for the next two years,
$3,000 each year; for the next three years,
$2,000 each year ; for the next four. $1,500."
That is ten. For the next five, $1,200. Until
fifteen years it is for the last five $1,200. Ac-
cording to the bill itself this is only the four-
teenth year, and it should be $1,200 according
to the treaty.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For ninth of twenty installments for pay of a phy-
sician, per fifth article treaty June, 1805,#1,000.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend by adding
$400, so as to make the sum $1,400. I do it
in order that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts may give us information why there is a
difference in the appropriation between last
year and this.
Mr. BUTLER. The reason is this: it was
proposed to bring all these physicians down to
$1,000. That provision runs through a class
of these physicians. There is no pay fixed by
treaty, and Congress has n right to fix the pay
where it pleases. Now, the physician is pro-
vided with his building, his hospital, his furni-
ture, and his medicine. This is mere salary,
and we thought $1,000 was enough.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per fifth
article treaty of June 9,1863, $400.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to strike out" $400 "
and insert "$1,000." This appropriation is
made under article five, page 650, Statutes-at-
Large, which reads as follows :
" The United States further agree that in addition
to a head chief the tribe shall elect two subordinate
chiefs, who shall assist him in the performance of his
public service, and cach subordinate chief shall have
the same amount of land plowed and fenced, with
comfortable houses and necessary furniture, and to
whom the same salary shall be paid as is already
provided for the head chief in article five of the
treaty of June 11,1855."
The article of the treaty referred to, which I
need not read, provides that the salary shall
be $500-—
Mr. BUTLER. Can the gentleman turn to
the page of the estimate?
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot. The appropri-
ation is made under the fifth article.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
this paragraph will be passed over forthepros-
ent, with the privilege of returning to it again.
The Clerk read as follows:
Osages:
For interest on $300,000, at five per ecnt. per annum
to be paid semi-annually, in money or such articles
as the Secretary of the Interior raav direct, as per
first article treaty of September 29,1865, $15,000.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to insert at the
end of the foregoing paragraph the following:
And for interest on 509,120, at five per cent., being
value of fiity-four sections of land set apart for edu-
cational purposes, S3, lot).
By the terms of an article of treaty found in
volume seven, page 212, this land is to be sold
for the purpose of raising a fund to be applied
to the support of schools for said Indians. On
the 19th of January, 1838, the Senate passed a
resolution in effect that on the relinquishment
by the, Indians of their interest in said land ail
amount equal to the value of the land, or two
dollars per acre, should be invested for them.
Such relinquishment was executed by the In-
dians on the 7th of March, 1838, and instead
of investing the amount in stocks it was placed
to their credit and interest at five per cent,
paid thereon. The first appropriation of the
interest was made by act of July 7, 1838, and
it has been appropriated annually since that
time. The following is a copy of the Senate
resolution:
"Resolved, That thePresidentof the United States
be requested to disregaid, altogether the selections
made by tile agents appointed for that purpose ot
the Indian school lands under the sixth article of
the treaty made at the city of St. Louis, in the St.ate
of Missouri, Oil the 2d of June, 1825, between William
Clark, esq., commissioner on the part of the United
States, and the chiefs, head men. and warriors of the
Great and Little Osage nations of Indians; and also
that be disregard all selections of Indian school
lands by the commissioners appointed tor that pur-
pose for the Delaware Indians, under the provisions
of the supplementary treaty concluded on the 2ith
of September, 1829, and ratified on the 31st of March,
1831; and that he be requested to negotiate through
their agents and give them two dollars an aero foi
the land in money, to be vested in State stocks in the
manner aforesaid. to induce them to take other land-;
in lieu of their reservations, in tracts of one mile
square each, to be located on any vacant and un-
occupied land of the United States to which thelll-
dian title is extinguished; the said tribe relinquish-
ing on their part all claims under the treaties of
1825 and 1829 to the reservation for education.
I read this as furnished me by the Indian
Bureau, and 1 have examined into the matter
and believe it to be correct. I think this sum
should be appropriated. If the money is 'in
our hands for lands which we agreed to pur-
chase from the Indians for two dollars an acre,
1 can see no reason why the appropriation
should not be made.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, while the
committee agree that the President, by a treaty
ratified by the Senate, can bind the United
States to pay any sum, the committee do not
agree that the Senate, by a resolution, can
bind the United States as a law for all time to
pay money to anybody. If the gentleman will
show mu any law that requires this sum to be
appropriated I will support the appropriation.
But when he shows mo asimpleSenate resolu-
tion, nfll concurred in by the House, and with-
out the force of law. 1 cannot, consistently
with my duty as a member of the Committee
on Appropi iations, recommend such an appro-,
priatnm. 'The fact that the money has been
taken for so many years without law is only a-
reason why it should stop now.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask to be allowed to make
a single remark in reply. I am aware that this
has not all the sanction of law; but the propo-
sition was made to the Indians, the lands were
purchased, the money went into our pockets,
and it seems to me not quite honest to refuse
to pay the interest that we promised to pay.
'The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BURR. I move that the Committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being House bill
No. 1073, making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th Juno, 1869, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDox-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 286) to incorpor-
ate the National Life Insurance Company of
the United States of America; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
protection of american commerce.
Mr. PIKE. I made an objection this morn-
ing when the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] asked that a bill which he re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce
should be made the special order for the sec-
ond Wednesday in June. I desire to withdraw
that objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will restate the
proposition. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] asks unanimous consent that
the bill (IT. R. No. 929) to protect American
commerce, reported during the morning hour
from the Committee on Commerce, be assigned
for the second Wednesday in June after the
morning hour and made the special order. Is
there objection?
No objection was made, and it was so ordered.
leave op absence.
Leave of absence for an indefinite period was
granted to Mr. Banks and Mr. Pkcyn.
payment of an appropriation'.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (EL R. No. ,1121) to prevent an
appropriation therein mentioned from lapsing
because of delay m adjustment; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BURR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at lour o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
