1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 21
stitates a part, of the Senate. Notwithstanding
he is Vice President of the United States, he
is a part of the Senate, because it will not be
pretended that the President of a body is no
part of that body. He is made by the Consti-
tution the Presiding Officer of the Senate, and
necessarily a part of the Senate.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. The question is whether
he is a member of the body.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; that is not the question ; but the ques-
tion is, whether or not he is a part of the Sen-
ate. It has been argued that nobody could
participate in this trial but Senators, because
the Senators alone constitute the Senate. I
say that the Senators alone do not constitute a
perfect Senate, but the Vice President of the
United States is a part of the Senate, and has
certain functions to perform as a part of the
Senate, and his right to vote as an officer of
the Senate is recognized under certain cir-
cumstances. When the Senators are equally
divided he has a right to vote, for the lan-
guage is:
"The Vice President of the United States shall bo
President of the Sonate, but shall have no vote un-
less they be equally divided."
That is, unless the Senators be equally
divided he shall have no vote; but, it they
are equally divided, then he is to have a vote.
Certainly, he could have no vote under any
circumstances unless he did, for certain pur-
poses at any rate, constitute a part of the Sen-
ate. Then the Constitution provides that—
"The Senate shall choose their other officers, and
also a President pro tempore, in the absence of the
Vice President, or when he shall exercise the office
of President of the United States."
Then it says:
"The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments."
Does that mean solely and exclusively ; that
the Senators shall have the sole power to try
all impeachments ; or does it mean that the
Senate as an organized body, constituted under
the provisions of the Constitution, shall try an
impeachment? I say that it means that the
Senate, with the Vice President of the United
States presiding, and the Constitution contem-
plates that he is to participate in the trial of
every impeachment, except where the Presi-
dent of the United States is upon trial.
"When sitting for that purpose they shall be on
oatli or affirmation."
Does that mean that the Senators alone shall
be upon oath or affirmation ; or does it mean
that the Senate, that all the constituent mem-
bers of tho Senate who participate in the trial,
shall be upon oath or affirmation?
" When the President of tho United States is tried
the Chief Justiceshall preside."
Now, sir, I understand the Constitution to
make the Chief Justice of the United States
a part of the Senate when it is engaged in try-
ing an impeachment against the President of
the United States. I do not undertake to say
that he possesses the power to vote like a Sen-
ator; I will not make that declaration at this
time; but he is a part of the Senate; and I
maintain that tho Senate, by its rules, may con-
fer upon him such powers as it sees proper in
the proceedings of the trial. He is not to be
treated, when the Constitution requires him to
come here and preside over this body, as a
stranger and an interloper, because, under the
Constitution, lie has as much right to be here
as any member of this body ; it is as much his
duty to be here as it is the duty of any mem-
ber'of this body to be here; and if he is here
under the Constitution lie is here lor certain
purposes, and must necessarily possess the
powers of a presiding officer. Why should
there be evinced a kind of jealousy, as it seems
to me, on the part of the Senate, lest if the
Chief Justice comes in heiu he may assume to
exercise powers which do not belong to him?
Are we to assume that position, and hence
refuse to give to him those rights and powers
ami privileges which the Constitution contem-
plates he should have?
It seems to me that there is a perfect pro-
priety, when the Constitution compels him to
come here and preside upon the trial of the
President, in allowing him, in the first instance,
to decide in that court as he would in the other
court where he presides as Chief Justice. He
is the presiding officer of this court and 1 can-
not divest myself of the conviction that this is
ft court, organized as a court, intended to per-
ferm the functions of a court, and he is ex-
pected to preside in a court and discharge the
duties of presiding officer of a court. I think
it is constitutional and it is courteous that we
should treat this officer as the Constitution
seems to treat him, as a presiding officer, and
not undertake by our rules to absolutely deny
to hi in any powers whatever to participate in
the trial, but simply to recognize him as a per-
son required to sit here during the proceedings
of tho trial, to be a sort of ligure-head of the
Senate, to be looked at, but to have no power
or right or influence upon the decision. I do
not believe that we ought to expunge this por-
tion of the rule, but that we ought to allow it
to remain.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Mr. President, it was
the saying of an ancient judge that he did not
hunger after jurisdiction, and I regret that the
Senator from Oregon treats this question as if
it were to be assumed that a share of responsi-
bility and of duty to decide in trials of im-
peachment was something desirable to the
Chief Justice. He speaks of jealousy of the
Chief Justice, as if the question were whether
we should deny that high officer something we
have power to confer, and which he would
claim or wish. The question, if it were prop-
erly here at this moment, as it seems to me it
is not, was, 1 think, more correctly stated by
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania. He
inquired whether we had a right to impose
upon the Chief Justice duties which belong
to ourselves. I prefer to take that as the form
of the question to be considered, if we are to
consider it at all, and in reply to suggestions to
which J have listened I beg to submit a few
suggestions.
The argument of the Senator from Oregon
is, that the Constitution speaks of the Senate
as an entirety; and because attached to the
Senate as its Presiding Officer is the Vice
President, ergo, the Vice President becomes a
member of the Senate, and would be entitled
to vote like any member but that the Constitu-
tion says he shall exercise the right to vote
only in case of a tie. And the Senator seems
to argue, as did the Senator from Ohio, that
the general declaration that the Chief Justice
shall preside on the trial of the President of
the United States before the Senate carries
with it an implication that he is to vote, and
to vote as a member of the body.
We may gain information at this point from
the pracuee and precedents under the British
Constitution. "The House of Lords," called
at times "the court of the king in Parlia-
ment," was, like the Senate, an entirety, an
ascertained, defined body. 'J'here was a pre-
siding officer at all times, and his existence
and ministration was derived from the constitu-
tion as much as from our Constitution proceeds
the existence of a Presiding Officer here. This
presiding officer was sometimes a member of
the House of Lords—taken from the body to
preside in it, as our Presiding Officer for sev-
eral sessions has been taken from the members
of the Senate. Sometimes the presiding officer
iu the Lords was made a member of the body
contemporaneously with his installment as
presiding officer—not having been a peer be-
fore, he was ennobled at the time, and thus
became a member. Sometimes not being a
peer, and therefore not a member of the Lords,
he presided without a peerage being confeired,
and thus he was presiding officer, with all the
prerogatives appurtenant to the presiding chair,
but still was not a member of the body. By
turning to the powers accorded to the Lord
Chancellor as presiding officer, and to the du-
ties and prerogatives ot the Lord High Steward
of England in the trial of impeachments, we may
be able to measure the force of the expres
sion: 11 When the President of the United States
is tried the Chief Justice shall preside." A
distinction has been made between the right to
vote and to decide of the Lord High Steward
between a trial before the Lords in Parliament,
that is to say, before the House of Lords at
large and a trial before a commission of the
peers. It has been insisted that the Lord
Steward never participated in the decision if
the trial was before a chosen number of the
peers, but that he did take part in judgment
and decision when the trial was before the
House of Lords in i'ull. Lord Campbell, in
his Lives of the Chancellors, refers to this dis-
tinction ; so does May, in his Law of Parlia-
ment. But the Journal of the House of
Lords affords no reason to believe that such a
diiference of practice in the two tribunals was
observed. On the contrary, the question
whether the Lord Steward had or had not a
vote or a voice in giving judgment seems to
have hinged entirely upon his being merely a
presiding officer or being also a member of the
House of Lords itself. In virtue of his place
as presiding officer he seems in no case to have
participated in voting or determining the
cause. ' His right and power and designation
to preside seems never to have been supposed
to carry with it any permission or obligation to
join in deciding questions submitted to the tri-
bunal. in many instances the Lord High Stew-
ard did vote, however, in trials of impeach-
ment, but always in virtue of his being a mem-
ber of the House, independent of the iact that
he was also its presiding officer.
To substantiate this! refer, first, to the case of
the Earl of Ferrers, brought to the bar in 1760.
The case is reported at length by Sir Michael
Foster, one of the judges of the court of king's
bench. The earl having been convicted, the
house propounded to the judges two questions,
one of which went to the power of the presid-
ing officer and of the house without tho presid-
ing officer. The judges answered the questions
alter deliberation, in writing, and the reason-
ing appears in Foster's Crown Law at page 138
and onward. I read from page 143. Having
discussed some matters incident to a trial of a
peer before a commission of peers, he pro-
ceeds :
"But in a trial of a peer in full Parliament, or,
to speak with legal precision, belore the king in
Parliament, of a capital oil'eiisc, wuether upou im-
peachment orindictment. the case is quite otherwise,
livery peer present at the trial, (and every temporal
peer hath alight to be present in every part of the
proceeding) voteth upon every question ot law and
tact; and the question is carried by the major vote;
the High Steward himselt voting merely as a peer
and member ot that couit in common with the rest
of the peers, and in no other right.
"It hath indeed been usual, and very expedient
it is in point of order and regularity, and lor the
solemnity of the pioeeeding, to appoint an officer for
presiding during the time of tue tnal and until
judgment, and to give him tho stylo anil title of
Steward of England. But this mjketh no sort of
alteration in the constitution of tiio eouit. It is the
same court founded in immemorial usage, in the law
and custom ot Parliament, whether sueli appoint-
ment be mado or noc.
"It acteth in its judicial capacity in every order
made touching tho time aud place ot the tnal, the
postponing the trial from time to time upon petition
according to tho nature and circumstance ot thecase,
the allowance or non-aitowance ol counsel to the
prisoner, and other matters relative to the trial, and
alt this before an High Steward hath been appointed;
so little was it apprehended in borne cases which
I shall mention presently, that the existence ot the
court dependedonthpappointmentot an High Stew-
ard, that the court itself directed in what manner
aud by what form of words he should he appointed,
it hath like wise received and recorded the prisoner's
confession, which ainounteth to a conviction, belore
the appointment of an High Steward, and hath
allowed to prisoners the benefit of acts of general
pardon, where they appeared entitled to it, as well
without the appointment of an Iiigh Steward, as
alter his commission dissolved."
On the next page, referring to the case of
the Earl of Dauby, he states certain proceed-
ings between the two Houses of Parliament,
and remarks—
. i That the Lord's committees said 4 The Iligh Stew-
ard is but Speaker pro tempore, andgiveth his vote as
well as the other Loids.' "
And upon this appears the following entry;
"In the Commons' Journal of the 15th of May it
Ptandeth thus: their lordship* faith^r declared to
tue committee, ihat a Lord High Steward was made
hac vieet oniy, that notwithstanding the Dialling: 01 a
Lord High Steward tho court remained the same and
