1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
40tii Cong.,..2d Sess.
Beport of Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Ho. of Reps.
panied by the tacit consent, atleast, ofits rulers,
and has therefore an authority in law as substan-
tial as the convention and treaties to which pub-
lic faith has been tacitly pledged, or the city of
London, whose charter cannot be shown.
Great Britain has not for purposes of her
own transplanted four million subjects to this
country, whom she could neither employ nor
educate, nor feed nor govern, without knowing
it; nor without knowing that when here they
were likely to remain; that they were not to
demand of her protection and support. She
knew the separation was permanent, and she
comprehended her interest in that fact. She
could not doubt that being present residents
they were likely to adopt the customs and be-
come a part of the country. This was a result
contemplated by Great Britain. It was the
nature of the transaction. She was bound to
take notice of the fact, because in recognizing
the independence of the American States she
had been compelled to study the character of
their Government. She knew, as they knew,
that they would here find employment, become
educated, possess land, create new industries,
acquire wealth, obtain social distinction, re-
ceive important public commissions, participate
in the Government, and be numbered amons;
its rulers.
She knew this, because she had seen this
history enacted by the Colonists before the
Revolution, and all along up to the war of
1812. Great Britain must have been conscious
that when they came to prosperity and power
they would cherish the memories of what they
had enjoyed, and as well as what they had suf-
fered. If she had capacity to consent to any-
thing she consented to all this—emigration,
naturalization, expatriation; and in absolving
her Government from the burden of protection
she abandoned all slaim thereafter to their sub-
jection or service. This is as clear as if done
with "the united concurrence of her Legis-
lature."
AUTHORITY OP MUNICIPAL LESISLATION.
Lord Palmerston, in his dispatch to Mr. Ban-
croft, cites with admiration Mr. Justice Story
as authority for the doctrine which "every
nation has hitherto assumed, that its laws ex-
tend to and bind natural-born subjects at all
times and at all places that "every nation
has an exclusive right to regulate persons and
things within its own territory according to its
own sovereign will and pleasure;" and that
"in speaking of the right of a State to bind its
own native subjects everywhere, we speak
only of its own claim and exercise of sover-
eignty over them, and not of its rights to com-
pel or require obedience to such laws on the
part of other nations." And Lord Palmerston
considered this exposition of public law as con-
clusive against the American theory of alle-
giance and the rights claimed for its naturalized
citizens. Americans recognize the truth of
these declarations of Mr. JusticeStory; butthey
reject Lord Palmerston's deduction therefrom.
What Americans claim is that a State which
canuot employ, support, protect, and govern all
her people, and for that reason regulates and
accomplishes the deportation of that portion
least able to support themselves, forfeits her
right to govern them anywhere as exclusively
her own subjects ; and that in this case the
doctrine of intrinsic and indefeasible allegiance
comes to an abrupt and final termination by
mutual consent and necessity.
AMERICAN LAW AND PRECEDENTS.
Foreign Governments attach much import-
ance to the fact that the laws of the United
States, as interpreted by its judicial tribunals,
sustain their claim to perpetual allegiance.
This is one of many embarrassments that at-
tend this difficult and delicate question. The
President, in his last annual message, refers
to this subject:
"The attention of Congress is respectfully called
to a singular and embarrassing conflict of laws.
The executive department of this Government has
hitherto uniformly held, as it now holds, that natu-
ralization in conformity with the Constitution and
laws of the United States absolves the recipient from
his native allegiance. The courts of Great Britain
hold that allegiance to the British Crown is inde-
feasible, and is not absolved by our laws of natural-
ization. British judges cite courts and law authori-
ties of the United States In support of that theory
against the position held by the executive author-
ity of the United States. This conflict perplexes the
public mind concerning the rights of naturalized
citizens and impairs the national authority abroad.
I called attention to this subject in my last annual
message, and now again respectfully appeal to Con-
gress to declare the national will unmistakably upon
this important question."—Page 32.
Yet, justly considered, the American inter-
pretation of public law on this subject, ele-
mentary or judicial, adds nothing to the author-
ity of Blackstonc. The jurisdiction of courts
does not extend to the enactment of laws. It is
limited to their just interpretation. Judges are
often governed less by reason than by prece-
dents. "The doctrine of the law, then, is this,"
says Blackstone, "that precedents and rules
must be followed unless flatly absurd or un-
just. If the reason of a decision cannot be
discovered, yet we owe such deference to former
times that we ace bound to suppose they did
not act wholly without consideration." "I
will servilely follow in the footsteps of my pre-
decessors," said one of the most eminent Eng-
lish judges. The obsolete claim of inalienable
allegiance may well bo sustained by such absurd
doctrines of legal construction. There is no
American authority which cites this doctrine
that doesnotrest itupon Englishlaw. The com-
mon law of England at the American Revolution
is by some authorities accepted as law in the Uni-
ted States until changed by legislation. There
has been no legislation upon the subject of
expatriation, becauso the Constitution of the
Government rests for its authority avowedly
upon the voluntary consent of its subjects.
American law authorities, receiving the com-
mon law of England before the Revolution as
American common law, as some jurists do,
the theory of indefeasible allegiance might be
considered as having some color of law, be-
cause it was indisputably, at the time of the
Revolution, a pretension of the common law
of England. It is in this manner that it has
been treated in this country. Elementary writ-
ers recognize this law because it is a past of our
legal history; and a class of lawyers, who sub-
ordinate reason to precedent, and a few public
men who have cited their views without in-
dorsing them, have held that the English doc-
trine was law in this country, upon the theory,
which has no just foundation, that everything
that was law in England before, was law in
America after the Revolution. But it has not
been so authoritatively declared by the legis-
lative, executive, or judicial officers of the Gov-
ernment.
"It is the doctrine of the English law," says
Judge Kent, "that natural-born subjects owe
an allegiance which is intrinsic and perpetual,
and which cannot be divested by any act of
their own." But he cites the writers on pub-
lic law as generally in favor of an opposite
doctrine. Suggesting that the better opinion
is that in absence of any legislative act on this
question the rule of common law prevails, he
also declares that "some relaxation of the old
stern rule of the common law is required and
admitted under the liberal influence of com-
merce."
Judge Story, in the case of the Santissima
Trinidad, (7 Wheaton, 283,) evaded the ques-
tion of expatriation, giving no decision thereon,
but said "it was perfectly clear that it could
not be done without a bona Jide change of
domicile under circumstances of good faith."
The references to this subject in American judi-
cial decisions are chiefly in cases where the plea
of naturalization or expatriation is fraudulently
made to support unjust claims to property or
to justify acts of war against nations with which
we were at peace. In the case of Williams, 1801,
cited in 2 Cranch, 84, Chief Justice Ellsworth
ruled that upon this subject the common law of
the country remained as before the Revolution.
But this was a case where a citizen of the
United States, in evasion of its laws, accepted a
French-commission, and made war upon Eng-
land, justifying his wrong by pleading natu-
ralization in France. His defense was mani-
festly an evasion, and the just purpose of the
court was to show that no such defense could
be recognizedft>r such purposes. "It was diffi-
cult," the Chief Justice said, "to restrain our
own citizens from acts which would involve us
in war." Williams was justly convicted and
imprisone'd. The decision of the court main-
tained the integrity of the Government in its
treaty stipulations with England at a time when
she was at war, though we were at peace, and
ought not to be cited by Englishmen against
the principles' of public law that lie at tho
foundations of American government. But
it has one important feature. It is a distinct
recognition, even at that early day, that the
emigration from Europe, and the expatria-
tion of its citizens was with the consent of
the European Governments. In countries so
crowded with inhabitants, said the Chief Justice,
there is necessity for emigration, while in Amer-
ica we have no inhabitants to spare. (Niles's
Register.)
It will be difficult to find an authority of
American law writers or a decision of Amer-
ican courts in which tho doctrines of perpetual
allegiance is rccognized, except as a tradition
of English law; or a case in which it has been
regarded with favor, except for the purpose of
preventing private injustice or the injury of the
public peace. It has no authority in this coun-
try except as an element of English common
law, existing at the time of the Revolution.
There is nothing American in the oath of the
land barons of England in 1086, nor in the
feeble paraphrase of that obligation by Black-
stone.
The opinion of American jurists and legisla-
tors on this subject is well expressed by Mr.
Webster, Secretary of State, in a letter to Lord
Ashburton, August, 1842, upon the right of
expatriation:
"A question of such serious importance ought now
to be put to rest. If the United States give shelter
and protection to those whom the policy of England
annually casts upon their shoies—if, by the benign
influences of their (tO\ emment, .and institu tions, and
by the happy condition of the country, those emi-
grants beeoincrai&edfroin poverty to comfort, finding
it easy even to become landholders, and being alto wed
to partake in the enjoyment of all civil rights—if
all this may be done, (and all this is done under
tho countenance andeneouiagement of England her-
self,) is it not high time, my lord, that, yielding that
which had its oiiginin feudal ideas as inconsistent
with the presentstate of society, and especially with
the intercourse and relations subsisting between the
Old World and the Kew, England should at length
formally disclaim all right to the services of such per-
sons, and renounce all control over their conduct?*'
In this statement Mr. Webster regards the
doctrine against which he protests not as Amer-
ican but as English law.
EFFECT OF TIIIS THEORY ON THF, PEOPLE OF THE
TJXIIED STATES.
The American people arc perfectly conscious
that every nation has a perfect right to frame
its municipal laws to meet its own necessities.
This municipal right is recognized, because it
cannot be known otherwise what is required for
the public safety. It has not, however, the
same elevation as other branches of public
law. It is in the nature of police regulations.
But even in this view it is not entirely inde-
pendent of public opinion and authority. Ex-
cessive cruelty or injustice m its provisions
would justify interference. Every household
has the same imirfunity, but its authority must
be so exercised as not to impair the peace of
other households; and the municipal legisla-
tion of a nation should be so framed as not to
disturb, much less to impair or destroy, in
others rights common to all nations. Legis-
lation that does this—municipal or otherwise
