1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
was not thereby altered, bat still remained the court
of peers in Parliament; that the Lord High Steward
was buc as a speaker or chairman for the moro
orderly proceeding at the trials."
This the Commons wished entered on the
Lords' Journal.
On page 147, speakingof the law as laid down
by the Lords, Sir Michael says:
"The letter of the resolution, it is admitted, goeth
no farther, but this is easily accounted for. A pro-
ceeding by impeachment was the subject-matter of
thet conference, and the Commons had no pretense
to interpose any other. But what say the Lords?
The High Steward is but as a speaker or chairman
pro tempore for the more orderly proceeding at the
trials; the appointment of him doth not alter the
nature of the court, which still remaineth the court
of the peers in Parliament. From these premises
they draw the conclusion I have mentioned. Are
not these premises equally true in the case of a pro-
ceeding upon indictment? They undoubtedly are."
This case and the authorities referred to in
stating it seem to make it clear that the imme-
morial understanding in England has been that
the officer whose duty it is to preside at trials
of impeachment has definite functions, con-
venient and conducive to order, and the dis-
patch of business, and that the duty to vote
or to decide is not among his duties or his
powers. The fact of his presiding or of his
being authorized or commissioned to preside,
according to these cases, carries with it no
right to act as a trier or a member. The
same doctrine will be found in Sharswood's
Blackstone, at pages 261 and 262 of the sec-
ond volume. Lord Campbell, in the third vol-
ume of his Lives of the Chancellors, page 557,
refers to the case of Lord Dellamere, tried in
1686 for complicity with Monmouth. Jeffries
was Lord High Steward and seems to have
conducted himself with all the brutality to
have been expected of him. He began by a
harangue to the culprit, urging him, in the
presence of the king, to confess. Dellamere
interposed to inquire if he was to be one of
his judges, to which the Lord High Steward
replied, "No, my lord; I am judge of the
court, but I am none of your triers." This trial
was not before the House of Lords, but before
c commission of peers, and in so far it is not
a literal precedent. Here are other cases of
antiquity and of note, more or less instructive,
cases in which the presiding officer voted, not
apparently sui juris, but by reason of his
peerage.
In the trial of Lord Lovat, impeached by the
Commons for high treason in 1746:
"The Lord High Steward, by a list, called every
peer by his name, beginning with the lowest baron,
and asked them, 'If Bimon, Lord Lovat, was guilty
of the high treason whereof he stands impeached or
riot guilty?'
. "And thereupon every lord, standing up uncovered,
answered: 'Guilty, upon my honor,' laying his right
hand upon his breast.
"Which done, tbe Lord High Steward, standing
uncovered at the chair, as he did when he put the
question to the other lords, declared his opinion to
the same effect and in the same manner."—27 Lords
Journals, p. 7'i.
In the trial of the Earl of Oxford and of
Earl Mortimer, impeached in 1717 :
" The Lord High Steward stated the question before
agreed on, and asked every lord present severally,
' Whether content or not content?'
"And they all answering in the affirmative, as did
the Lord High Steward declare his opinion also:
" The Lord High Steward declared that liobert.
Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, was, by the unani-
mous vote of all the lords present, acquitted ol the
articles of impeachment exhibited against hitn by
the House of Commons for high treason and other
high crimes and misdemeanors, and of all things
therein contained." < > * * And then
tho Loid High Steward stood up uncovered: and,
declaring ' that there was nothing more to be done
by virtue of tho present commission' broke the
staft". and pronounced the commission of Lord High
Steward dissolved."—20 Lords Journals, p. 523.
The same form was observed in the case^of
Earls Dcnventwater et al, impeached for high
treason, in 1715.
In Viscount Melville's trial on an impeach-
ment, in 1806, according .to the Journal of the
House of Lords—
"The Lord Chancellor having asked every lord
present, beginning with tho junior baron, What says
your lordship on this first article? and the lords
having severally answered thereto, and tho Lord
Chancellor having declared his opinion also, the
said several other questions were in like manner
stated, and each lord was severally asked in manner
aforesaid touching the same. And the lords having
severally answered to the same, and the Lord Chan-
cellor having declared his opinion also on each of
tbe said questions, the Lord Chancellor declared
that tho answer of a majority of the lords to each of
the said questions, respectively, was 'not guilty.'"
Here are cases decided by the lords without
the vote or voice of the presiding officer—eases
in which there was a presiding officer with every
right as such, but without any participation in
the decisions made.
In the case of Lord Chancellor Bacon, in
1621—
" The House (of Lords) being resumed, and the
Lord Chief Justice returned to his place, it was put
to the question whether the Lord Viscount St. Albans
(Lord Chancellor) shall be suspended from all his
titles of nobility'during his life or no? and it was
agreed per plures that he should not be suspended
thereof."—40 Lords Journals, p. 302.
In Sacheverell's case, impeached in 1709—
" Then his lordship put the question, beginning at
the junior baron first, as follows : 'Is l)octor Henry
Sacheverell guiity of high crimes and misdemeanors,
charged upon him by the impeachment of the Houso
of Commons?'
"And having asked every lord present, and they
having declared guilty or not guilty,
" His lordship having cast up the votes, declared
him guilty."—Ibid.
In the case of the Earl of Macclesfield, in
1725—
" It was agreed that the question to be put to each
lord, severally, shall be, 'Is Thomas, Earl of Mac-
clesfield, guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors
charged on liimby the impeachmentof the House of
Commons, or not guilty?'
"And every lord present shall declare his opinion,
'guilty or not guilty, upon his honor,' laying his
right hand upon his'breast.
"When tho Lord Chief Justice, Spoaker of this
House, directed the Gentleman Usher of the Black
ltod to bring thithor the Earl of Macclesfield, who,
after low obeisances made, kneeled until the said
Lord Chief Justice acquainted him he might rise.
(Judgment pronounced, llecord ot mode ot obtain-
ing tho votes of the lords on each resolution is, ' Tho
question was put thereupon; and it was resolved in
the affirmative.'")—Ibid.
Mr. President, there may be arguments on
this point which these precedents do not an-
swer, but, it seems to me, they confront the view
presented by the Senator from Oregon. The
Lord Chancellor and the Lord High Steward of
England, by the British constitution, were in-
vested with the prerogatives and powers of
presiding officers. Their attributes were more
potential, their sway was greater, the exam-
ples of their supremacy were more copious,
than the genius of our Constitution would tol-
erate. And if we ascertain the full measure in
the less liberal days of British monarchy of
what a presiding officer might do, surrounded
by peers and commissioned by the king, we
shall not fall short at least of the intention of
those who adopted the language to which the
Senator referred. The framers of our Consti-
tution were profoundly learned in the practice
and the meaning of British law, and the word
"preside," when used by them, may well be
supposed not to have been selected to convey a
greater meaning than had been attached to it
in the great struggles of privilege and power
from which they had derived the philosophy
of government. The reason in the case of the
impeachment of the President fur calling in
some one to preside in lieu of the Vice Presi-
dent is obvious. The Vice President, being
next to the President in the line of succession,
tho impropriety of his doing anything in atrial
which, in one event, would result in his own
advancement, is clear.
It can hardly be said that such a case would
be provided for by calling some Senator to the
chair, because the fact of a Senator being
selected to preside would tend in some degree
to his advancement also in case of the convic-
tion of the President. A Senator made Presi-
dent of the Senate pro tempore, even during a
trial of impeachment, might expect to continue
such President in the event of the advancement
of the regular Presiding Officer to supersede
the President of the United States. These
and other considerations of safety and deco-
rum indicated the propriety of going outside
tho Senate for an officer to occupy the chair
when the President should be brought to the
bar, and nothing could be more natural or
more dignified than to select the head of one
of the three branches of tbe Government. The
Chief Justice, being separated from both the
political departments of the Government, was
deemed the person most fit, by reason not only
of his disinterestedness, but ot'his learning and
the great consideration of his position. '1 hese
reasons might well have suggested the pro-
priety of asking of the head of the bench that
he should discharge, upon a great and solemn
occasion, duties with which the highest sub-
jects of England have ever been invested.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very reluctant to
differ from my learned friends from Pennsyl-
vania and New York on a question like this;
but I think this particular rule presented by
the committee is right enough : at least that
portion of it which is now being discussed.
Without considering the question whether the
decision upon a proposition to admit or rcject
evidence is one which a presiding officer could
decide as such in a proceeding like this, ad-
mitting for the purpose of the argument that
the power to decide such a question is not in-
cidental simply to the office of President of
the body, still, is it not proper and wise to be-
stow that power? The Senate surrenders no
power that it possesses as a court if you re-
gard the Presiding Officer as separate from
the court but makes him, for the purpose of
the first announcement of the decision, its
mouth-piece, as a matter of haste, as a mat-
ter of arriving at a decision at once. If his
decision be not satisfactory to the body then
the rule proposes that the body can express
at once its dissent. If the power be not
possessed already under the Constitution why
not expressly confer it? 1 would not vote, as
a matter of course, to give to the Chief Justice
or any other presiding officer the power to de-
cide the question independently of the will of
the Senate; but, as the rules simply propose
that he shall inthefirst case announce a decis-
ion which it not objected to becomes at once
the decision of the body, but if objected to, the
question then goes to the body itself, what
objection can there be to that ? It will facili-
tate business; it will hasten the trial; and
certainly the Senate need not be afraid of the
influence of the Chief Justice in making his
decision. Indeed, 1 should be very happy to
have my judgment aided by his decision. I
am not fearful of its influence upon me, but
would be grateful to have the benefit ot his
view upon a question such as might arise.
In the first place he is an eminent judge be-
cause of his position. Is he not competent,
in all probability, to correctly and safely de-
cide the questions that are likely to arise dur-
ing the progress of the trial? In his office as
Chief Justice he participates in the greatest
decisions that are made in any court in the
world, and as a judge of oue of the circuits he
presides over the controversies incident to
life and property. Shall he not be heard to
express in the first place for the Senate a
judgment, and if not agreeable, the Senate
shall say it is not agreeable? What harm can
come of it? It brings the question directly
before the body, piomptly, conveniently,
safely, prudently m my opinion.
But if he is not. to participate that far, to say
the least of it. in the business ol the body,
why has the Constitution been so careful to
have him here? Certainly for tho purpose
merely of presiding and seeing that good or-
der is preserved in the body, the Constitution
would not be so careful that he should pre-
side. Some power, it is presumed, is to be
exercised by him ; the Constitution presumes
that, and what power ? To decide questions,
as they arise in the progress of the case, as
questions ordinarily are decided, though sub-
ject, of course, to the superior will of the
Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. Will tho honorable Senator
from Indiana yield, that I may ask him a ques-
tion on this point ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly; with pleasure.
Mr. DRAKE. The Constitution says;
"The Viee President of the United Stales shall btf
President of the Senate, but shall have no \ote link-*
they be equally divided."
