1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
315'
A. Richardson in the House, with other Rep-
resentatives of the State of Illinois, were
straggling to establish this land-grant policy in
behalf of their State, I, then belonging not to
the dominant party but to the Whig p&rtji
aided in that effort, although the State ot New
York had no interest in the matter whatever.
I have much more to say, but, Mr. Chair-
man, I see your hammer descending and must
J^Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I submit |
the following amendment; jl
Add m an additional section the following: j i
Ami be it farther enacted, That thereshall be allowed 1
and paid, out of any money in the Treasury not I
otherwise appropriated, to the following-described I
persons now employed in the civil service of the Uni- I
ted States at Washington, as follows: to eivil offi- 1
cers, temporary and all other clerks, messengers, and !
watchmen. including enlisted men detail ed a* such, to 1
be computed on the gross amount of th« compensation
received by them, and employes, male and female, '
in the Executive Mansion, and in any of the follow-'{
iac-named Departments, or any bureau or divisioa <
thereof, to wit: State, Treasury. War, Navy, Inte- i
rior. Post Office, Attorney General, Agricultural, and
including eivil offioers and temporary, and all other
clerks and employes, male and female, in the offices
of the Coast Survey, If aval Observatory, Navy-Yard,
Arsenat, Paymaster General, including the division
of referred claims. Commissary General of Prisoners,
Bureau of Refugeee.FreedaMn.aiid Abandoned Lands,
Quartermasters, Capitol, and Treasury Extension,
City Post Office, to the photographer and assistant
photographer of the Treasury Department, to the
superintendent of meters, and to lamplighters, and
to any other of the employes under the Government,
employed within the District of Columbia, under
whatsoever •ame or title, an additional sum of twenty
per oent. on their respective salaries as fixed by law.
upon their pay respectively, for one_ year from and
after the 30th day of June, IStT: Provided, That none
of said clerks or employes who receive $2,000 per an-
aum and upward, shall receive any addition: aor
shall any one whose annual compensation is below j
rcceivc an increase by said addition which shall \
make bis annual compensation above $2,000.
Mr. Chairman, it is proper I should explain
this amendment. Last year by law the per-
sons named in this amendment were allowed
twenty per cent, additional upon their salaries,
no matter what their salaries were, for one
year. Seeing t"he very delightful, wholesome
mania for reform which has taken possession
of our sonls and which pervades this whole
country now on small matters, I cannot say
how it will be when it comes to land grants.
I thought it proper to indulge a little of that
feeling, and therefore propose, against my own
inclination, my amendment, so as to confine it
to those who are entitled to less than two
thousand dollars a year. Some will get twenty
per cent, on $1,200 and others on $1,500, and
so on; but none are to get above $2,000. It
will reduce the amonnt heretofore paid nearly
one half; and it is done in obedience to what
I suppose to be the public feeling rather than
to what I deem strict justice to these employes.
I leave the House to decide whether this shall
be passed, not according to the rules of human-
ity, for that has little weight here, but accord-
ing to strict justice.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I move the following
substitute:
Sec. —. That the Joint resolution approved Feb-
ruary 28,1857. giving additional compensation to cer-
tain employes in the civil service of the Govern-
ment, be continued in force for one year from the
20th of June, A. D. 1887.
Mr. WASHBUftNE, of Illinois. I wish it
to-be understood that these amendments are
not from the Committee on Appropriations,
but the propositions of individual members.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly, that is so. •
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, I trust
these amendments to this bill will not be
adopted. This subject and all others kindred
to it have been referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment, and that committee has en-
tered upon their investigation. We have called
upon the different Departments for a statement
of the amonnt expended tinder the twenty per
cent, increase at the last Congress. We have
not had all the responses as yet: but we have
heard from the heads of a gooa many of the
Departments and bureaus. I can say from the
responses which hare been made that it will
take $2,000,000 to satisfy the claims if this
amendment becomes the law.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I fin,d
on inquiry the amount last year was $1,600,000,
and 1 have cut off $500,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 say that it is not court-
eous to the committee, when the matter has
been referred to them and they are proceeding
with the investigation, to act before theyhave
had opportunity to report I hope the House
will allow the facts to be first presented to them
before the subject is disposed of.
The question was taken on the substitute for
Mr. Stkvbns's amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
amendment; and being put) there were—-ayes
89, noes 65.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
tellers.
Mr. JULIAN. Does the amendment include
the workmen at the navy-yard?
Mr. SPALDING, lee, it does.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Logan
i and Welxkr were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 67.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill be laid aside to be reported to the
House, 8nd that the committee proceed to the
consideration of the President's annual mes-
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the committee rise ana report the bill to
the House.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion has pre-
cedence.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Broomali.
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the deficiency bill,
and had directed him to report back the same
to the House without amendment, and with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. T move
to amend the bill by adding to it the twenty
per cent, amendment which 1 offered and which
has just been voted upon in Committee of the
Whole, and I demand the previous question on
the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; being first upon agree-
ing to the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if the amend-
ment includes the employes in the Pnblic
Printing Office?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It does
include them.
Mr. MUNGEN. I did not so understand.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
amendment; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 73, nays 70, not voting 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, James M. Ash-
ley, Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Benton, Boyer, Burr,
Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidncty Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, Eld-
ridge, Eliot, Ferries, Garfield, Getzt Glossbrenner,
Griswold, Hixby, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Johnson. Kerr, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Maliory,
Marvin, McCarthy, Moore, Morrell, Mungen, Myers,
Niblack. Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine, Peters,
Phelps, Plants, Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson,
Robinson, SchenekJSelye, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Thomas, Van
Aufcen, Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Henry D. W ashburn, Stephen F. W ilson, W ood,
and Woodward—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Barnum, Beaman,
Beck, Benj amin, Bingham, Blaine, Bromwell,Brooks,
Broomali J3uck land. Cook, Cullom, Donnelly,Eggles-
ton, Ela, Fields, Gotladay, Grover.Harding, Hoopei>
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge,
Maynard, McClurg, Mercur, Mulline, Newcomb.Orth,
Perham, Pike, Pile.Polsley, Price, Ross,Sawyer, Sco-
field, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes.
Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Ellhu B. Wash burne, William B.Washburn,
Welker, William Williams, James P. Wilson, and
Windom—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boutwell,
Butler, Cake, Chanler, Cornell.Covode, Dawes, Farns—
worth, Ferry, Finney, Fox. Gravely, Haight, Halsoy,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Humphrey, Kcl-
sey, Ketoham, Kitchen, Marshall, McCullough, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrissey, Pomeroy, Rnum,
Shellabarger, Stone. Taber, Taffe, Trimble, Twichell,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Thomas Williams.
John T. Wilson, and Woodbridge—-44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to^ be engrossed,
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. PILE. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman from Missouri that he withdraw the
motion to lay the bill on the table and let us
take the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir; I insist on my
motion.
Tellers were ordered j and Messrs. Matnard
and Spalding were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported thirty-five in the affirmative.
So the yeas arid nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 65,
not voting 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Amell, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Bingham, Blaine, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomali,
Buckland, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Donnelly,,
Eggleston, Ela, Fields, Gets, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Grover, Halsey, Harding, Hooper, Hunter, Jones,,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Maynard,
MoClurg, Mercur, Mull ins, Newoomb, Nunn, Orth,
Perham, Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Price .Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stewart. Stokes. Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam. Burt Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. Waah-
burne, William B.Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, and
Woodward—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, James M. Ash-
ley, Axtell, Banks, Boyer, Burr, Cary. Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Eliot,
Ferris*, Griswold, Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Asahel W,
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kerr, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Lynch, Maliory, Marvin, MfOarthy, Moore, Morrell,
MuBgen, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson,O'Neill, Paine,
Peters, Phelps, Plants, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson,
Schenck, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Thaddeus Stevens, Thomas. Van Auken,
Robert T. Van Horn. Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Henry D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Wood—€5.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Blair,Boutwell, Butler, Cake, Chan-
ler, Cornell, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Gar-
field, Gravely, Haight, Hamilton, Hawkins, Higby,
Hill, Holman, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Kelsey, Kitchen, Knott, Loughridge, Marshall, Mc-
Cullough, Miller, Moorheaa, Morgan. Morrissey,
Pomeroy, Raum. Shellabarger, Stone, Taber, Taffe,
Trimble, Twichell, Van Trump, Van Wyck, John T.
Wilson, and Wood bridge—47.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. PILE. I move that the vote last taken
be reconsidered; and I also move that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. On that
motion I call for the yeas and nays. I desire
to say merely that the committee have cut
down the items in this bill from $2,600,000 to
$181,000. However, I will withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays if gentlemen do not wish
to make any appropriation.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on
the table. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
House has just laid on the table the deficiency
bill, undoubtedly on account of the amendment
which was made to it in regard to increase of
compensation, I hope consent will be given
now to take up the bill as it was reported from
the committee, and pass it.
Mr. SPALDING. I object. Let the bill
be recommitted. j
