1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the country, that the matter should be investi-
gated here, when it cannot be fully heard.
I know, sir, that I have not merely to en-
counter the Senate; I could get along well
enough with that, humble as I am; but there
is a lady in the case, and a very highly intelli-
gent atid accomplished lady, too, as every
Senator on this floor can. from his personal
knowledge, testify, I have no doubt.
I have stated the case to the Senate; I have
stated that I am not prepared to investigate
the subject at this time. I stand here only
with my conviction distinct and unequivocal
that when the committee did investigate it I
came to the conclusion that the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives ought to
be amended. The Senator from Connecticut
had the papers placed in his hands, and made
the report; and after it was made I furnished
hull with additional evidence which I procured
from the Patent Ollice. Where it is now I
know not. With this statement made to the
Senate, if they see proper to take up the case
in the absence of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, and in the absence of evidence which I
tell the Senate I do know has a material bear-
ing on the case, they can do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nebraska, to take up the bill for consideration.
Mr. \V ILLEY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 4 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole. Conk-
ling, Coimess, Corbott, Cragin, Davis, l)rako, 10d-
niunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Hendricks. Howe, John-
son, McCrecry, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy. liamsey,
Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Viekcrs, Williams, and
\ atcs—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Harlan, Morgan, Wade, and Wil-
lc>—4.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Frehnghuysen,
Onmes, Henderson, Howard, Morrill of Vermont,
Moiton, Korton, Osborn, Patterson of Tennessee,
Kice, Koss, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Win'kle, and Wilson—25.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill
(11. II. No. 780) for the relief of Martha M.
•Jones, administratrix of Samuel T. Jones,
deceased, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The preamble to the bill recites that
the Commissioner of Patents did. on the 23d of
February, 1800, upon the petition of Martha
M. Jones, administratrix of the estate of Sam-
uel T. Jones, deceased, extend fur the peiiod
of seven years, from the 24th of February,
1800, the letters-patent of the United States
granted to Samuel T. Jones on the 24th of
February, 1832, for an invention in the man-
ufacture of the white oxide of zinc, for which
invention letters-patent had been granted unto
him by the Government of Great Britain on
the 23d day of July, 1850; and that doubts
r-xist as to the power of the Commissioner to
grunt the extension after the expiration of four-
teen years from the date of the foreign letters-
patent. And the hill proceeds to the exten-
sion of the letters-patent of the United States
for the term of seven years from and after the
expiration of fourteen years from the date of
the foreign letters-patent to be valid and bind-
ing, and the power of the Commissioner to
make it is in all respects confirmed, and the
letters-patent are hereby declared to be, and
to have been, by force of the certificate of ex-
tension thereon indorsed, duly extended for
1 he period of seven years from the 23d of July,
1804 ; but this act is not to operate during the
period between the date of the English patent
and the date of the original American patent.
The Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office proposed to amend the bill by striking
out the following words, in lines thirteen, four-
teen, and fifteen, '"that this act shall not op-
erate during the period between the date of the
English patent and the date of the original
American patent," and in lieu thereof to insert:
That all persons who enjoyed the lawful use of the j'
invention secured bv said patent duimg the original H
term thereof may continue to use the same without |J
liability thereloi, as if this act hadnot been passed;
and no person shall be held liable for using: said in- | j
vention after the expiration of the original term of j
the patent and betore the approval of this act. Ii
Mr. WILLEY. Now, sir, I shall have to do
the best I can. There is a report in the case
which I should be glad to have read. It may
refresh my recollection.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. Ferry, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office:
The Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
to whom was referred the petition of Martha M.
Jones, praying lor confirmation of a certain patent
for an invention in the manufacture of white oxide
of zinc, respectfully report:
That the petitioner is the widow and administratix
of Samuel T. Jones, deceased, who was the inventor
of a certain process for the manufacture of white
oxide of line. That the said Samuel T. Jones, in his
lifetime, on the 23d day of J uly, I860,obtained letters-
patent in England for said invention, and afterward,
on the 2-lth day of February, 1852. obtained also let-
tors-patent lor the same in the United States, both
which patents, according to the la.ws of the United
States, expired on the 23d day of July, 1804, That
said Samuel T. Jones died in the year 1853, and no
ollertwas made to obtain an extension of said patent
by his administratrix tall 1SU6, when the Commissioner
ol Patents no longer had jurisdiction ot the ease, and
when the right to use the said invention had lully
vested-in the public, and was extensively enjoyed by
manufacturers and others in different parts of the
Union. The reason of the omission ot the adminis-
tratrix to apply for an extension at an earlier period
was her ignorance of the existence of the English
patent, but the committee are of opinion that her
misfortune in this respect does not entitle her to
defeat the rights lawfully acquired by those engaged
in the manulacture and use ol this article atter her
patent had ceased to exist. The Commissioner ot
Patents, in 1866, being also in ignorance of the ex-
istence of the .English patent, granted an extension
of the American patent, which extension is utterly
void from want ot jurisdiction in the Commissioner
at the date thereof. Your committee are witling,
however, to give validity to the said extension from
the expiration of the original patents m such a man-
ner as not to defeat the lawlully acquired right of
other parties, and therefore recommend the passage
of the llouse bill, amended by striking out the pro-
viso at the end thereof and inserting m lieu of the
same tho following:
Provided, That all persons who enjoyed the lawful
use of the invention secured by said patent during
the original term thereof may continue to use the
same without liability theretor as if this act had not
been passed, and no persons shall be held liable lot-
using said invention alter the expiration of the
original term ot tile patent and beiore the approval
of this act.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senate have paid
attention to the report, if they have been able
to divest, themselves of the fascination that
surrounds them, to cut themselves loose from
all female influence, they will see that the
original bill proposes to render valid and bind-
ing that which was invalid and not binding ;
and not merely to do that. The committee, un-
der the circumstances and under the influence
brought to bear upon them, were willing that
that should be done, provided that in doing so we
did not violate the vested rights of capitalists who
had invested their capital m the manulacture of
this article between the expiration of the Eng-
lish patent, and the extension of the American
patent. Senators, by referring to the law, will
find that where a patent is issued abroad, where
there is a foreign patent, and there is an Amer-
ican patent taken for the same invention at
home, the American patent, it is provided,
shall relate back to the date of the issue of the
foreign patent, and shall run fourteen years
from the date of tho foreign patent and not
from the date of the American patent. It
seems that in this instance, as the report alleges,
but as subsequent evidence filed with the Sen-
ator from Connecticut goes very far to show
cannot by any possibility be the case, this
administratrix was ignorant of the faet that
there was a foreign patent at the time she ap-
plied for an extension of the American patent;
and hence the American patent expiring nearly
two years after fourteen years from the time
of the issue of the foreign patent, tlie applica-
tion for the extension was not made by the
administratrix until time enough, as provided
by law, had elapsed to make the invention pub-
lic property. The extension was void at the jj
time this extension was made. She got the jj
extension of the American patent two years ji
alter the expiration of fourteen years from the jl
date of the foreign patent. i,
She btought suit to recover a royalty, :j
or applied tor an injunction to prevent the
infringement of her patent. Meantime it was jl
discovered that there had been a foreign patent Ii
issued, and her counsel became apprehensive
that the extension of the American patent was
void, and that she must wholly fail; and hence
j you will see the language of the original bill
jj is to make that valid which in point of fact was
supposed to be invalid, the extension having
been irom the expiration of the American
patent instead of from fourteen years after the
date of the English patent. To remedy this
defect this bill was passed by the House of
Representatives; but it comes to the knowl-
edge of the committee of the Senate that capi-
talists in New Jersey and in other sections of
the country who appeared by their counsel
before the committee had in the mean time
invested largely their capital in the manufac-
ture of this article, and that if this bill passed
as it came from the House the result would be
that the administratrix of Mr. Jones, under the
ratification of this extension, would be coming
back on these innocent men for her royalty
and for damages for the infringement of the
patent. We thought it unjust under the cir-
cumstances that she should be allowed to do so,
but that men who in this interregnum between
the end of fourteen years from the expiration
of the foreign patent and the time of the
extension ol the American patent should be
allowed to carry on their business without detri-
ment, and that all manufacture-of the article
by any person whatsoever during this time
should not be held responsible.
Why, sir, what is the result? There was no
valid patent; they could not be held responsi-
ble without this action of Congress ; there was
no patent to infringe. But here Congress is
applied to to pass a law that relates back behind
the time of these supposed infringements and
renders men guilty for doing that which was
innocent at the time they did it, lenders that
illegal against which there was no law, declares
that they shall be held liable for the infringe-
ment of a patent which at the time they in-
vested their capital in the manufacture ot this
article did not exist, for there was no such valid
patent; and it is to remedy that defect that the
bill comes from the House of Representatives,
and it is to prevent this injustice that the Sen-
ate committee recommend the adoption of the
amendment.
Now, let us look at this thing. The Senate
lias got something to decide here; the Senate
stands upon its obligations not only to this
lady, but upon its obligations to the country.
The public interests are involved in this mat-
ter. Here is an important article entering
largely into the convenience of the country,
largely into the manufactures of the country.
It enters into the welfare of the people at large.
Every man's house, more or less, derives the
benefit of it as it enters into the various kinds
of paint that are manufactured in the land.
The policy of ail just Government is against
monopolies ; but to encourage inventions Con-
gress has seen lit in its wisdom in time past to
say that a party, to indemnify lumselt' for the
expenses of an invention, to repay liimseif,
shall have a monopoly of it for fourteen-years,
and Congress by the law heretofore existing
has also said that if the inventor shall not by
due diligence have realized sufficient out of
his improvement to indemnify himself for the
value of it and for his expenses in putting it
into operation, he may, by showing those facts
before the Commissioner of Patents, have an
extension for seven years longer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILLE1". Yes, sir; as many as you
please.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does it appear from
the evidence that the investments were made
by the manufacturers whom the committee
seek to protect by the amendment after the
expiration of the British patent, with a knowl-
edge of that fact, and with a knowledge of
the fact that no renewal could be had?
Mr. WIELEi". My recollection, I will say
candidly, is that the knowledge of the exist-
ence of the British patent never o&me to the
parties who have invested their capital in the
