210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Mr. BROOKS. And printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended in order to enable
the bill to be again introduced and considered
at this time.
Mr. BROOKS. The committee can report
it again to-morrow, and in the mean time we
can have it printed.
The question was then taken upon the,motion
to suspend the rules; and upon a division there
were—ayes 84, noes 39.
So, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, accordingly
introduced the deficiency appropriation bill as
first reported.
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
The question was upon the passage ofthebill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
question I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ARCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and upon a division there were
—ayes fourteen ; not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays.
'The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were—ayes fifteen ; not one fifth of
a quorum.
So tellers were refused; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend the title so as to make it a bill for
partial appropriations for deficiencies, &c.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
swamp lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to report to this House, with as little further delay
as possible, the information called for by its resolu-
tion of July last, respecting tliedisposition of swamp
lands in the States ot the South, which information
has not yet been reported.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company run their ears with great infrequency
and irregularity, and not in accordance with the
terms of tlieir charter, thereby causing much incon-
venience to members of Congress aud the traveling
public: Therefore,
Icesolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to report such bill or joint
resolution to the House as will require tho company
to furnish ample and adequate accommodation to
those who may wish to ride, instead of compelling
them to wait and to stand upon the platforms, as at
present.
EXPANSION AND CONTRACTION OF CURRENCY.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules in order to permit a motion to be made
to discharge the Committee on Banking and
Currency from the further consideration of
House bill No. 241, being a bill to provide
against undue expansions and contractions of
the currency, and to refer the same to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. And I wish to
call the attention of the chairman [Mr. Pome-
Roy] or any other member of the Committee
on Bankiug and Currency or the gentleman
who introduced the bill [Mr. Lynch] to this
motion.
_ I will state that it is entitled "A bill to pro-
vide against undue expansion and contraction
of the currency;'' and, so far as the title goes,
it might be considered as belonging to the
Committee on Banking and Currency. But
thp bill consists of three sections. The first
and second sectionsprovide that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be authorized to issue
coupon bonds to the amount of $300,000,000,
and direct how they shall be issued, how the
bonds shall be signed, and how the coupons
shall be signed. The third section provides
| that the Secretary of the Treasury may ex-
change these bonds for lawful money of the
United States, and then reissue them again,
running through a period of ten years. It is
said that this third section contains a provis-
ion which, if it be carried out, will affect the
currency of the country, and that, therefore,
the bill belongs to the Committee on Banking
and Currency. But in fact the bill is nothing
whatever except a provision for the issue and
sale of bonds to the amount of $300,000,000,
the sale to be for lawful money, which may be,
of course, either gold, silver, or greenbacks.
Believing this to be in fact a loan bill, a bill
for the issue of a certain amount of bonds, I
suppose that it ought to go to the Committee
of Ways and Means, although it is entitled " a
bill to prevent undue expansion and contrac-
tion of the currency;" and the object of my
motion is that the Committee on Bankiug and
Currency be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, and that it be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means. There
will be, I presume, no objection on the part of
the former committee to this motion.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, the object of
this bill is set forth in its title, to provide
against undue expansion and contraction of
the currency. To do this it provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall issue $>300,-
000,000 of coupon bonds, the interest payable
quarterly, the bonds payable on demand in
lawful money. It does not provide for a loan ;
it does not provide for the issuing of any more
currency or anymore United States notes; it
simply provides a means whereby the United
States notes now outstanding may be converted
into bonds of the United States, payable on
demand in lawful money, the bonds being re-
turned to the Treasury and the lawful money
of the United States given out for them. Thus
there will be an issue and a reissue; and by
this means the currency, instead of being con-
tracted by legal enactment, may be contracted
by the operations of the laws of trade and the
wants of the business community. The bill
does not provide for the issuing of any more
United States notes, and it does not provide
for a loan.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
makes the point that the bill should go to the
Committee of Ways and Means, because itpro-
videsfor the issue of bonds, as though the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency had nothing
to do with any bill providing for the issue of
bonds, nothing to do with bonds in any,way.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Isit pro-
posed that the bonds which are to be issued
shall bear interest?
Mr. LYNCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then the
bill proposes to exchange currency for bonds
bearing interest? *
Mr. LYN CH. The bill simply contemplates
the exchange of one obligation of the Govern-
ment which is in the form of currency and does
not bear interest, for another obligation which
shall bear interest, the holder of the first obli-
gation making the exchange whenever he de-
siresand having the privilege of reexchanging.
In other words, the non-interest-bearing obli-
gation may be exchanged for the interest-bear-
ing bonds, and vice versa.
r The point which the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck]
makes is that a measure providing for the issue
of bonds necessarily belongs to the Committee
of Ways and Means and not to the Committee
on Banking and Currency. The Committee of I
Ways and Means, I know, has, since the crea-
, tion of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
! rency, continued to take jurisdiction of various
\ matters relating to the currency and kindred
subjects, those matters being frequently re-
ferred to that committee without question.
But to show that this is purely the result of
usage, and not of any rule of the House, 1 beg
to read the rule defining the duties of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Rule 151 is as
follows:
" It Bhall bo the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to take into consideration all reports of
the Treasury Department, and such other proposi-
tions relating to raising revenue and providing ways
and means for the support of the Government as
shall be presented or shall come in question and be
referred to them by the House, and to report their
opinion thereon by bill or otherwise, as to them shall
seem expedient; and said committee shall haveleave
to report for commitment at any time."
Now, sir, this is not a report of the Treas-
ury Department; it is not a bill for raising
revenue; it is not a bill to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government; it
is a bill to prevent the expansion and con-
traction of the currency. The object of the
bill, as will be Been, relates to the currency ;
the issuing of bonds is only to provide means
to accomplish the object sought to be attained.
If the gentleman from Ohio will refer to the
" currency act," amendments to which have
always been considered by the Committee on
Banking and Currency, he will see that it has
many sections relating to bonds. That act
i provides for the conversion of couponed into
; registered bonds, and authorizes the Comp-
i troller of the Currency, in certain contingen-
cies, to sell at public or private sale, at liia
| discretion, bonds to as large an amount as is
! authorized by this bill. Now, sir, my bill does
not provide for a sale of bonds for the purpose
of raising means for the support of the Gov-
ernment, but is simply to provide for an ex-
' change and re-exchange of one obligation of
1 the Government for another; the one an in-
, terest-bearing and the other a non-interest-
bearing obligation. It does not authorize any
new issue of United States notes. This bill
was introduced by me near the end of the
second session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and referred without objection to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency. The Com-
mittee not having time to consider and report
upon it at that time I introduced it again at
the beginning of the present session, and it
was, I think, very properly referred again to
the same committee. 1 hope the House will
not change the reference.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yielded with great pleas-
ure to the gentleman from Maine, in the ab-
sence of the chairman of the Committee on
Banking and Currency, and especially as he
introduced the bill and had it referred to that
committee. I suppose it is a matter of little
consequence so we arrive at some solution of
this difficulty, but inasmuch as it relates to a
subject I might say exclusively within the range
of those referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, I have thought proper to submit
this as a question of jurisdiction. And I will
say when the bill was first introduced by the
gentleman from Maine the attention of one of
my colleagues on the Committee of Ways and
Means was called to it, and he asked to have it
reported to the House, thinking there was more
in the proposition than appeared by the title,
but the Speaker did not hear the request, and
the bill went to the committee to which its
author asked to have it sent.
Now, I repeat, sir, this bill is one which
simply provides for a new loan, call it what
you will, in an issue of $300,000,000 of coupon
bonds bearing interest .It provides in the sec-
ond section these bonds may be sold for law-
ful money and may be reissued again, and for
this reason, it is said, because of the emission
of these bonds to expand or contract the cur-
rency, as the case may be. it relates to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency. That may
be said of every bond we sell for coin; it will
have the same effect on the currency. Suppose
it is provided that the bonds should be sold
