2624
THE OONGKESSIOFAL
May 28,
has charge of it. : It will not delay the passage
of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS, If this bill is to be amended
at all with the view suggested by the Senator
from Vermont, it is certainly improper t.o
extend the sum, if it is to be limited, beyond
what the Secretary declares is enough.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I was willing to give a
little, margin for extras.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, Mr. President; but
it is as much of a crime to expend §1,000 more
unnecessarily as it would be to expend tlie
whole amount. If the Secretary says $1,500
is enough, if you are going to amend the bill
at all it should be limited to that.
Mr. RAMSEY. The danger further would
be that the parties who have ihe management
of this fund might consider this as an instruc-
tion to expend $2,500.
t Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the bill as it stands
is an instruction to expend the whole.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 move to amend the
amendment, by inserting 51,500 instead of
$2,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that if it suits my friend better.
Mr. CONNESS. I wasnotin favorofamend-
ing the bill, but I think if it is to be amended
it should be amended in that way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Vermont modifies his amendment so
as to*provide that the appropriation shall not
isnn
*_Mr. EDMUNDS._ Yes, sir; to satisfy my
friend from California.
Mr. FERRY. Itrusttheamendmentin this
shape will not prevail. The original act pro-
vides that the balance remaining after the con-
struction of all these roads and bridges shall
be applied to another road from Sioux City,
Iowa, to the Big Cheyenne, Dakota Territory,
and in the original act the expenditures were
under the direction of the superintendent
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior, and
this balance has remained as yet unexpended.
Now, it is desired to complete this bridge, and
if of the balance now in hand a portion, as
will undoubtedly be the case, shall remain after
the completion of the bridge, it is already
appropriated by the act of March 3, 1865. It
seems to me it would embarrass the bill unne-
cessarily to insist upon the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill (S.
No. 492) to extend the ti me for the construc-
tion of the-Southern Pacific railroad in the
State of California; which was read twicc by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 498) providing for a reduction of the inter-
est on the public debt; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked , and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 137) extending the time for the
completion of the Northern Pacific railroad ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
j. ross brownb's report.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave to present an
amendment to be offered to the resolution of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Conness,]
with regard to the printing of J. Ross Browne's
report. I ask that it be read and referred with
the resolution to the Committee on Printing.
I am not particular as to its being rea 1, hut I
wish to have it referred to the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to hear it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
That one thousand additional copies of the said
report be furnished to Mr. Browne for distribution,
and that he be allowed, for such time as may be
necessary, the use of the,stereotype plates, after the
copies called for by Congress shall have been printed,
for the purpose of having printed, at Ms own
expense, any additional number of copies he may
desire.
Mr. STEWART. I will state to the com-
mittee that Mr. Browne obtained a great deal
of the information that is embodied in the
report from third parties, who have assisted
him in it, and he feels under obligation to give
them some copies of the report; and inasmuch
as it contains this valuable information, the
use of the stereotype plates for a time would
be no great detriment to the Government, but
would aid in the general object of diffusing
information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
thanks to secretary stanton.
■ Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Jiesolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That tho thanks of Congress arc
due, and are hereby tendered, to Hon. Edwin JVL
Stanton, for the great ability, purity, and fidelity to
thecause of tlie country with which he has discharged
the duties of Secretary of War, as well amid theopen
dangers of a great rebellion as at a later period when
assailed by the opposition inspiied by hostility to the
measuies of justice and pacification provided by Con-
gress for tho restoration of a real and peimanent
peace.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks unanimous consent for
the consideration of the resolution at this time.
Is there any objection ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let it be read again.
I did not hear it.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the consid-
eration of that, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rules.
postal treaty witii gkkat britain.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
lieaohed, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, respectfully requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if in his judgment'not incon-
sistent with tho public interest, copies of any corre-
spondence recently had with the authorities of Great
Britain in relation to a new postal treaty.
DIPLOMATIC UNXFOliM.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, ifin his opinion not incompatible with
the public interest, to communicate to the Senate
copies of all correspondence with persons in the
diplomatic service of the United States relating to
the act of Congress approved March 27, 1867, prohib-
iting them from weurin?any uniform or official cos-
tume not previously authorized by Congress.
index to impeachment keport.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer a resolution
which I find to be necessary, and which I offered
yesterday in a slightly different shape :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing are
hereby authoiizcd and directed to provide ior a
proper index to the official copy of the proceedings
of the Senate, sitting for the trial of the President
upon articles of impeachment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I would make an observa-
tion oil that. I said last night that it was within
my knowledge that a particular effort was made
to have a good index to tho edition published
by the Globe. I was in the way of seeing a
portion of that index as far as it has gone, and
it promises well. I think it will be a very use-
ful one. The question with me was whether
the labor that has been pntinto the Glohe index
could not in some way be utilized at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office in the preparation of
the index to this other edition of the trial. For
instance, the Globe index might be taken and
the paging of the Government edition supplied
instead of the paging of the Globe edition. I
merely make this remark now by way of sug-
gestion to my friend, the chairman of the com-
mittee, that he may bear it in mind in any
instructions that he may think it advisable to
give. On the whole, I think the resolution
should pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought to be
left to the Committee on Printing rather than
to the Secretary of the Senate, and therefore I
have put the resolution in that form.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe the original
resolution directing the publication of an edi-
tion of the impeachment trial provided for aa
index. lam not certain upon that; but whether
it did or not, it was so absolutely necessary
that the Committee on Printing directed an
index to be prepared as the publication went
on, but it is as yet incomplete, and as the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts suggests that the one
prepared at the Globe office is very perfect it
may be unnecessary to complete the other.
Mr. BDCKALEW. I desire to make one
remark. I understand it has been proposed to
have the index published three times; that is,
that it be included in each one of the three
volumes constituting the proceedings. I hope
the committee will only publish it once, at the
end of the last volume. This is a book for
libraries, and it ought to be published iu tlie
usual manner. We ought not to duplicate
matter and swell this publication, which is
very large anyhow, by publishing three times
over the same matter. In libraries, when
works consisting of more than one volume are
used, the index in the last volume, which is
always referred to, is sufficiently convenient.
I suppose tliis idea of having the index in each
volume arises from the (hot that that is the
manner of publishing the Globe, but that is a
very different kind of work, and is very bulky.
As this is a library publication, and will be in
the hands of gentlemen who are careful of
books and accustomed to their use, I hope we
shall have the index published only once, and
in the ordinary manner, at the end of the con-
cluding volume.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the resolution
had better be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have drawn the resolu-
tion that the Committee on Printing be directed
to provide for an index.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
The resolution was agreed to.
samuel n. -miller.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 454) for the relief of Samuel N. Miller,
reported from the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes .to
authorize Samuel N. Miller, who obtained a
patent for an improved compound anchor,
dated June 29, 1852, for fourteen years, which
expired on the 29t.li of June, 1806, to apply to
the Commissioner of Patents for the extension
of the patent for seven years, under the regu-
lations now in force in relation to the exten-
sion of patents. The Commissioner of Patents
is to investigate and decide the application for
extension on the same evidence and in the
same manner as other applications for exten-
: sion are decided: but the application is to be
I made within sixty days after the approval of
| the act, and ike decision of the Commissioner
j to_ be rendered within ninety days from the
filing of the application in the Patent Office ;
no person who may have manufactured or used
the improved compound anchor between the
1 expiration of the patent and the approval of
the act is to be held responsible in damages.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and j
