3648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
manufacture of this article until since suit
was brought.
Mr. HKNDRICKS. Then I wish to ask the
Senator it' it does not appear that they made
their investments at a time when they sup-
posed the American patent had not expired,
aud when they knew that, according to law, if
that were the case, she would have a right to
a renewal?
Mr. YVILLEY. Some of them, I suppose,
did so. The difficulty is that I cannot pretend
to state the evidence precisely ; as I stated to
the Senate, the conviction on my mind is dis-
tinct and unequivocal, but f have not a mem-
ory of the distinct, naked facts as they exist,
only of the conclusion to which an examina-
tion of the facts at that time brought my mind.
During this interval, as I understand, there
are some persons who commenced the manu-
facture of this article ; and those most largely
engaged in it have, since the expiration of
fourteen years from the date of the British
patent, very much enlarged their operations
and increased their capital, which is tanta-
mount to having commenced the business
within that time, to that extent at any rate ;
but that is aside from the remarks which I
proposed to make. 1 know that anything that
lean say heie has no effect; but I believe 1
owe it to the country, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Patents, howeverhopeless and thank-
less a task it is, to discharge my duty; and I
am going to do it, and I want the facts to go
to the country.
Now, sir, what are the facts? It was the
duty of the Commissioner under the law, when
application was made for the extension of this
patent, to inquire first, is it a novel invention ;
second, is it a useful invention ? Granting
these two facts—for I suppose it is true
that the invention was both novel and use-
ful—then comes the material consideration ;
in the third place, did the patentee derive from
his monopoly, during the fourteen years, ade-
quate compensation to indemnify him tor his
time and trouble and expense? How could
there be any fair investigation of that fact be-
fore the Commissioner of Patents, when the
party applying for the extension either did
not know, or, if she did know, sedulously con-
cealed from the Commissioner, the fact that
pari passu with the American patent she had
a patent existing in Great Britain, and not a
cent of account is given for anything realized
out of the foreign patent, in order to ascertain
whether the party had been indemnified for the
invention or not? 1 went to the records—I
wanted to see that fact—and I recollect dis-
tinctly that the papers show that not a whisper
was made at the -time this party was making
her application before the Commissioner for
the extension of the patent of the existence of
the foreign patent, and it is the material in-
quiry—it is the most material inquiry in all
investigations of this character—to see whether
the party has had an adequate compensation
for the invention, and whether a useful inven-
tion may not be enjoyed by the country at
large and not by monopolists, who, after having
received ample and adequate compensation
for a useful invention, may still lay a charge
and a royalty on the business of the country at
large. Sir, the policy of this country is op-
posed to it, aud so distinctly has this impression
been made on the mind of Congress and the
country that a few years ago the authority to
extend a patent was utterly repealed, and the
law now stands that the patentee may enjoy his
monopoly for seventeen years, and there shall
be no further application for an extension; it
shall stop then unless he comes to Congress
aud shows some grounds, or the estate happens
to fail into the hands of an accomplished and
fascinating lady.
Sow, Mr. President, can Senators say here
that this party has not had an adequate com-
pensation for this improvement? Can they
tell me what the compensation was at all ?
Sir, 1 cannot tell what the compensation was
for the American patent, because the Senate
has excluded me from access to the evidence
by considering the case now while the evidence
is shut up in the desk of an absent Senator,
and the Senate is here about to decide on the
question and say that this party has not had
adequate compensation even at home, when it
has not one jot or tittle of evidence on which
to base its conclusions, and it is to say that
the Commissioner, too, was justified in coming
to his conclusion when he had no evidence
and no knowledge of the fact that at the time
or shortly before this application for extension
in this country the party had had, for i do not
know how many years, a patent in Great
Britain, from which, for aught any Senator
can sajr, for aught 1 can say, the patentee may
have realized hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars, amply sufficient to compensate him. And
now, sir, under the fascinating influence of an
accomplished lady, the Senate cannot wait a
few days until we can get the evidence to see
how that fact is; and if it were to wait a month
no evidence would come in regard to how
much compensation was received from the for-
eign patent. And after Congress has given
the country to understand that it would pro-
tect the public interests from monopolies here-
after, to the extent of providing that they shall
not run twenty-one years, as heretofore, but
only seventeen years, and without any knowl-
edge of how much compensation this estate
has received even in this country, to say noth-
ing of the foreign compensation, wo are in
such hot haste to fasten this monopoly upon
the industries and interests of the country .that
we cannot wait a few days until we can get
the evidence and have a fair hearing of the
case.
Now, sir, I have said more perhaps than I
ought to have said after the indications given
by the Senate. Perhaps, under the circum-
stances, it may have been somewhat presumptu-
ous in me to say what I have said, but I con-
sidered it my duty. The Senate considered
this matter worthy to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, one of its own committees,
created by itself, designated for the examina-
tion of these questions. The committee have
reported; they have, as I think, made a very
liberal report; they have agreed to validate
that which is acknowledged by the party to be
invalid, to extend that which is a nonentity in
law at present, and will be so declared by the
courts, in all probability, orat least the counsel
for the party apprehend that; and all the
committee ask is that those who have invested
their capital during this interregnum, while
this thing was invalid and up to this time, shall
not be made responsible in vexatious suits and
royalties for the enjoyment of a right which
did not belong to the party.
Mr. HKNDR1CKS. Will the Senator al-
low me to ask a question ? As I have not
had an opportunity to investigate the case, I
wish to ask the distinguished chairman of the
committee whether the question he has just
discussed, the question as to the receipt by the
patentee of an adequate compensation for his
invention, has not been investigated by the
Commissioner of Patents and decided upon by
him ; and whether, also, the Committee on
Patents, in reporting lavorably to the billwith
the amendment, has not conceded that there is
a right to a renewal because of the want of a
sufficient compensation?
Mr. WILLEY. I will say to the Senator
that the committee were somewhat under the
same influence that the Senator himself is,
[laughter;] and while we were willing to con-
cede to this lady every possible right, while
we were willing to give her privileges that did
not run directly against and injure other vested
rights, I have to say, in answer to the Senator,
that his question is well put in regard to the
Commissioner of Patents having so decided;
but the Senator cannot have forgotten that I
stated that when this investigation was made
before the Commissioner of Patents there was
not a whisper to him, not a word in evidence,
not an intimation that this party had also
enjoyed a monopoly for the very same inven-
tion in Great Britain; and there is not a parti-
cle of evidence to show how much compensa-
tion the party received from the monopoly
abroad. Now I will ask the Senator this
question: whether he can say, if ttie receipt#
of the foreign patent had been brought into
the account it might not have appeared that
the inventor had received an ample compensa-
tion ? Can he say that it would not appear?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, of course
not being upon the committee 1 cannot answer
any question of the sort; but I would suggest
to the Senator whether the right to the nse of
the invention in this country ought not to be
continued for the benefit of the patentee, pro-
vided its use and enjoyment in this country
had not resulted in a profit, although the citi-
zens of a foreign country may have used the
patent to an extent that made it valuable there?
Mr. WILLEY. I say no, sir. The object,
and the only object, in granting this monopoly
is to grant indemnity to the party for his inven-
tion, to give him an opportunity of using it so
long as shall be necessary to enable him to
repay - himself. It is a contest between the
individual monopoly of the inventor and the
people at large ; and the policy of the law is
that when the party has been sufficiently indem-
niiied for the value of his invention and his
trouble inputting it into use and operation, then
his monopoly ought to cease, and then the
country ought to get the benefit of it. That is
all that any inventor could ask; and this party
comes into the Senate here m the questionable
shape of saying that she has not received a due
compensation for the invention of her husband,
when she gives no account of the compensa-
tion that she received abroad, and when there
is no intimation that there was an invention
abroad. Why, sir, if I had the evidence here
I should like to go into the inquiry whether in
point of fact there has not been some sharp prac-
tice in this matter. My short experience in
regard to these applications tor the extension of
patents and maneuvers of manage tnentthat have
come to my knowledge iu relation to them,
has made tne very suspicious, and has inspired
me with a determination to be very careiul, so
far as I can, to the extent of my humble abili-
ties, that the Senate and the country shall
never be imposed upon ; but hereafter when-
ever a lady comes here for an extension of a
patent I shall not consider it worthy of exam-
ination, and just whatever she asks 1 will sub-
mit to the Seuate.
Now, Mr. President, I want to finish the
remark I commenced to make a wliiie ago. I
said that the Senate had considered it neces-
sary to organize a committee to examine into
these questions. This matter was deemed
worthy to be referred to the committee. They
have examined it, and examined it carefully.
On the value of my own examination I place no
weight whatever, of coarse ; but Senators know
that there are gentlemen on that committee
whose opinions are entitled to consideration,
especially my colleague on that committee, the
Senator from Connecticut, who is an experi-
enced patent lawyer, and who knows more
about mechanics, perhaps, than any other meni-
beron this floor, and from whom 1 have received
great advantage inthe investigations which have
come beiore our committee. This matter has
been submitted to that committee. That Sen-
ator has made the report. It is a matter of
interest to him. If after all this the Senate ia
to pay no attention whatever to the report of
the committee, to give it no weight whatever,
and without a jot or tittle of evidence before it,
without looking into the record, when it is not
i possible to produce the evidence before it, if,
! under all these circumstances, it is disposed to
vote down this amendment and pass the bill as
it was, I cannot help it; atid that is all I have
got to say.
Mr. 11 UCKALE W. Mr. President, as some
parties in interest reside in my State 1 desire
to say a word in justification of my vote for
this bill. The amendment which the commit-
tee have reported, so far as I understand it, is
tantamount, if adopted, to a rejection of the
bill; no beneficial interest will be taken under
