1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
I am not aware that there is in Ihe Constitu-
tion any other definition of the functions of
the Vice President as President of the .Senate,
anything that gives him any authority beyond
that specified here. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Indiana whether he thinks the
Constitution contemplated that the Chief Jus-
tice, when presiding on an impeachment of a
President, should have more power than the
Vice President would have in any other case ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Vice President
were presiding iu a trial, what questions could
he decide ? Could he simply decide that a Sen-
ator is in order in proposing something, or that
some disturbance in the Senate must stop ? Is
that the whole of it? Suppose a question be
put to a witness by a manager for the House,
or an attorney for the defense, and objection
be made by the opposite side, is not that a
question which the Vice President might de-
cide, subject to the will and the decision of the
Senate? Why not? It is a question not upon
the final decision; it is not a vote upon the bill,
if I may so express it; but it is a decision on
a question that arises during the progress of
debate or the progress of business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to suggest that the question here is can the
Senate, for the sake of convenience, confer on
its Presiding Officer this power to speak for
the Senate ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That was the main
question I was speaking to; but the point the
Senator from Missouri makes is that the Sen-
ate cannot confer on a Presiding Officer any
power additional to that conferred by the Con-
stitution. Now, take a case. lie presides:
that, you may say, means that he shall pre-
serve order, that he shall see that the business
of the body is not interrupted, but that the
Senate can go on accuiding to its own pleasure
iu the transaction of its business. A bill is
pending, and I offer, or any other Senator
offers, an amendment to that bill. A point is
made iu the progress of that business that that
amendment cannot be proposed to the bill.
That is a question which must be decided by
the body ; it is a question for the Senate to de-
cide ; but, as the mouthpiece of the Senate, in
the first place the Presiding Officer says whether
it be in order or not in order, and if the Senate
or any member bo dissatisfied with that decis-
ion the question goes to the Senate for its set-
tlement. That is not merely proceeding, but
that is a decision upon a question material in
the progress of the business of the Senate ?
Mr. DRAKE. Under the rules of the Sen-
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes ; but the Senator
said that under the rules additional power could
not be conferred. I am just meeting the argu-
ment of the Senator that to preside is to main-
tain order.
Mr. DRAKE. Judicial power cannot be
conferred.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am coming to that
now. I do not claim that you can confer on
the Chief Justice thepowerto vote upon articles
of impeachment when wa come to a vote; but
upon all questions that arise during the progress
of the business shall not he decide? I repeat,
how does it come that the Vice President can
decide that a motion which a Senator makes is
in order or is not in order? The Senate per-
mits it by its rule, by its practice and usage;
but if the Senate be dissatisfied with his decis-
ion, then it for itself decides what shall be the
Older of business. In the progress of a trial a
question is asked of a witness; objection is
made to that; the point to be decided is at
once, shall the question be asked? The pre-
siding officer as such decides that the question
may be asked or may not be. Why not? Why
is that not incident to the power, or a part of
the power which he possesses as a presiding
officer in the progress of the business ?_ " Shall
this question be asked ?" He decides it. Why
not?
But, sir, if it be not one of the powers that !
he possesses as a presiding officer, can we not j
say that for the purpose of arriving at a decision !
at once, he shall express tho judgment of the
Senate, and his expression of judgment shall
stand as such unless the Senate says otherwise?
Why not? It is convenient, and in view of the
eminent position of this high officer it is right
for me to say that it is safe. We may never
expect to see the time in this country when
very eminent men shall not preside in the
Supreme Court. We may always expect a
statesman and a scholar in the law to be at the
head of that great court; and as a permanent
rule of the Senate, we may say that it is safe
to let him in the first place express the judg-
ment of the Senate, subject, of course, to its
ultimate control of the question.
Then I tlunk we save much time in the pro-
gress of the trial by allowing the Chief Justice
at once to announce tho decision which will be
ordinarily done with less debate, occupying
much less lime ; but I think I am safe in pre-
dicting that his decision will stand as the judg-
ment of the Senate in nearly every instance.
Unless my judgment were very clearly to the
contrary of course I would acquiesce in his
decision. That is the objection that is made
to it; but I find no fault with that. Unless
my judgment is very clearly to the contrary, 1
always sustain the Presiding Officer when he
says that a proposition is not in order, when
he says that language in debate is not within
the rules. When he decides anything I stand
by his decision, unless my judgment be to the
contrary. So it will bo upon these questions
that arise during the progress of the trial. I
would expect to sustain the decision of the
presiding officer unless [ was clear that lie was
not right.
Now, sir, I think this is convenient, and I
think it is safe, and it is becoming the Sen-
ate that, without wrangling among ourselves,
without controversy upon every Utile question
thai, may arise, we shall allow a high officer,
whom ihe Constitution has provided to preside
over that trial, to decide Ihe questions as they
shall come up.
Mr. DRAKE. I would not, sir, at this late
hour trespass a moment, longer on the atten-
tion of the Senate, but that this discussion has
led mo to the conviction that there is a great
deal in this matter more than would strike one
at first blush. The first point of groat, magni-
tude in it is that adverted to by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bpckalf.w,] and
upon that subject 1 wisli to call the attention
of the Senate to the words of the Constitution.
I think the Senator from Pennsylvania did not
present the ideas that I desire to submit. If 1
were conscious that he had done so, I would
not repeat them ; but I did not hear him in the
course of his remarks.
The question is, what is the Senate? The
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] contends
that the Presiding Officer of the Senate is as
much a part of the Senate as tho members of
it on the floor. Now, I desire to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Oregon t,o the lan-
guage of the Constitution. 1 will read it, for
I think that he and other Senators will see that
he is laboring under a mistake in taking that
position. The sentence which I have hereto-
fore read is in these words :
" TJio Vice President of the United States shall be
President, of the Senate, but shall have no vote un-
less they be equally divided."
"They." Who? Of course, the Senators.
It says he shall be President of the Senate;
and then it defines who are meant by the words
"the Senate," when it says that he shall have no
vote unless they, the Senate or the Senators, be
equally divided.
Next, sir, look at the clause now under con-
sideration in connection with the matter of
impeachment:
"Tho Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments. When sitting for that purpose, they
shall be on oath or affirmation."
The very same phraseology is employed that
is used in the preceding sentence, showing con-
clusively that when the requirement is put in
the Constitution I hat " they shall bo on oath
or affirmation," it means that the Senators
shall be on oath or affirmation, not the Sen-
ators and the presiding officer. This use of
similar expressions in the two connections,
both pointing to the Senators as constituting
the Senate, seems to me to be entirely at war
with the construction of the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon, which makes the President
of the Senate a part of that body.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] made one remark
which goes very powerfully to sustain the po-
sition that I took in this argument before, to
wit: that if the Chief Justice of the United
States (concerning the incumbent of which
office at this time no pian in the nation enter-
tains a higher opinion than I do) should be
the presiding officer of the Senate, and should
decide a question of law one way, the honor-
able Senator from Indiana very frankly says
that unless he had very strong convictions
against it he would follow him.
Now, sir, I say to the Senate that it never
was in the contemplation of the Constitution,
in my opinion, that any person other than a
Senator should thus influence the action of
the Senate. It seems to me to be introducing
an element that is fraught with very great dan-
ger—-I do not say in this particular trial that
is coming on, but in trials which may be held
hereafter under similar circumstances. I ob-
ject to attempting to give this debate a personal
turn. I object utterly to attempting here to
influence the action of the Senate by considera-
tions personal to the distinguished Chief Jus-
tice of the United States, now on the bench.
I contend that the only parly that can try an
impeachment are the Senators. The Senate
shall have the sole power of impeachment;
and in trying an impeachment, they shall be
under oath or affirmation. That means that
the Senate shall have the sole power to try
every question that may arise oil the trial of an
impeachment; and it does not mean that a
presiding officer shall sit there and give decis-
ions of law which the Senate will follow, just
because of his distinguished official position.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, As-
tiion"v in the chair.) The Senator from Mis-
souri moves to strike out the last clause of the
seventh rule. The Senator from Michigan
moves to strike out and insert, and the Chair
understood the Senator from Missouri to ac-
cept, the motion of the Senator from Michi-
gan. Was the Chair correct?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; I have no objec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kansas, however, moves to amend the
portion of the rule proposed to be stricken out,
and that motion is first in order. The ques-
tion now is, therefore, on the amendment pro-
posed by Ihe Senator from Kansas.
Mr. HOWARD. It is very true that I con-
cuned in the report of the select committee,
and introduced it to the Senate, containing this
seventh rule as it now appears in the report;
but I am free to say, as I said before, that
upon reflection I think the second clause
should be omitted. It seems to be very clearly
the opinion of the Senate that the Senate of the
United States possesses all the effectual power
to be exercised in the trial of an impeach-
ment—iu that I certainly concur—and that no
other person, whether he be the Vice Presi-
dent or the Chief Justice of the United States,
presiding over the body while sitting in a ease
of impeachment, has any authority at all to
participate in the decision of questions which
pertain to the Senate upon that trial. I be-
lieve that. I cannot doubt it.
Now, sir, I see a very plain impropriety,
not to give it a different name, in the Senate
attempting to transfer, even subject to an appeal
to themselves, the power to decide important
questions of evidence that may arise upon that
trial. If we are to try a case the people of the
United States hold us, and no third person,
however eminent he may be, responsible for
the proper conduct of the trial for a proper
decision of every question that may arise in it.
I go further, sir; it is not competent for us,
