100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. OF REPS;
Report of Committee on Foreign Affairs.
40tii Cong 2d Sess.
—is against the law of nations and of ^ God.
The municipal legislation ot Great Britain has
this effect upon the people ot this country.
Under such circumstances this Government is
remanded to that general and permanent attri-
bute of nations, denominated the right of self-
preservation, which implies not only the right
negatively of defense and security against
external aggression, but positively of making
such regulations generally as may maintain and
promote the national welfare and prosperity.
(Reddie's International Law, 190.) The au-
thority for internal municipal legislation can
never justify a State in disregarding the prin-
ciples of universal law, public and private,
the law of nations and of nature, when it
operates, as in this case it does, to deprive a
people of privileges conceded to the citizens of
all civilized States.
The United States have a population of thirty-
five millions. The free people, in 17'_0, num-
bered three million two hundred and fifty thou-
sand. With an annual increase of births over
deaths, estimated at one and thirty-eight hun-
dredths per cent., they would now number nine
million two hundred and fifty thousand; add
four million emancipated people, and the aggre-
gate of the population existing in 1790, with
their descendants, is thirteen and a quarter
millions. The balance of the people, twenty-
one million seven hundred and fifty thousand,
are emigrants and their descendants.
If this portion of our people—more than
twenty millions—are subjects of the several
States of Europe and their service is due to
them, if they have no right to defend them-
selves or their adopted country in the event of
war with Europe; if, unstained by crime and
free of all offense, they are in consequence of
this claim of service debarred from travel and
from intercourse with civilized nations; or sub-
ject to arrest and compulsory service in armies
organized to fight against their own Govern-
ment, then the United States has no independ-
ent existence. It may have numbers, industry,
commerce, letters, science, invention, courage,
enterprise, wealth, prosperity and power; but it
is not independent.
Its dreams of equality are delusions and its
sacrifices have been in vain. Every Stale in
Europe will have its garrison if these claims
are admitted in every part of the Union. The
able-bodied portion of three fifths of our pop-
ulation could be summoned to fight for Govern-
ments with which they have no connection and
against those with which their fortunes are in-
dissoluble united, and they would be accounted
traitors if found in the ranks of its armies.
We have received, educated, employed, en-
riched, enfranchised that portion of the people
of Europe which its rulers cast off, to find
them in their strength incapable of defending
their country or lawful resistance to public ene-
mies.
They would be exposed to arrest and com-
pulsory military scrvice or punishment, not
only if found in their native country, but in any
civilized nation with which their native Gov-
ernments might have treaties of extradition.
Martin Kozsta was a native of Hungary resid-
ing in Turkey with the consent of its Govern-
ment ; his surrender was demanded by Austria
under an interpretation of treaties rejected by
Turkey, and would have been surrendered and
imprisoned but for the forcible intervention of
the Government of the United States. The
intimate association of those who are claimed
as subjects of foreign Governments is such as
to put in peril the rights or peace of all. Its
absurdity if applied to this large portion of our
people is palpable. But the injustice of its
application to individuals is equal to the absurd-
ity of its application to nations.
REMEDIES.
The injustice of this principle is more appa-
rent than the remedy. But that there is a cor-
veetive for so great a wrong cannot be d©nbted.
It is not in vain to labor for a reconsideration
of this great question by European Govern-
ments, more in the light of reason and less_ in
the spirit of feudal philosophy. The solution
of this important international problem belongs
to men who have capacity to divine the right
in law and the courage to assert its power.
That such men are to be found among those
who occupy the proud eminence of royal or
popular favor cannot be doubted.
There is one quarter of the world to which
we look with hope. Those who have evoked
from the labyrinth of German politics, which
have been to all students of history in one
sense a mystery and in another a puzzle—who,
from the elements of anarchy, have in an in-
stant and by a word called into being a new
creation already recognized as a permanent
empire, and which promises at a day not dis-
tant to unite a race long divided, and to cement
a power in central Europe long needed, that
may number sixty million people: to those to
whose genius and success is due the North
German Union we have a right to turn for the
justice we demand.
In the foundation of a new Power she has
wisely submitted her plans to the approval of
the people. She has made petty interests that
formed petty governments subservient to great
principles that are the only basis of great
nations. She has united the people who
speak the same language and who reverence
the same historic past. She seeks to hold them
together by consent, not by force. The con-
stitution of 1807 is prophetic of the future. The
Kepublic of the New World might adopt with
profit many of its wise and just piovisiuns.
She knows how important emigration is to
civilization and to liberty. She felt in the great
struggle which terminated at Sadowa the price-
less advantages of the Germanic emigration to
the north which gave to her a friend and an
ally in Russia. She counts not less than two
million native-born children in the republican
family of the United States, and of their de-
scendants nearly six millions more. She will
understand how dearly they cherish the glorious
memories of the " Fatherland." She can com-
prehend the advantage of an ally and friend in
the New World equal in spirit and strength to
that which supports her in the Old. The con-
cession we ask is not worth to her the parch-
ment upon which itis written. Her conventions
and treaties closely approach it. The legisla-
tion of some of the lesser German States, as
interpreted by their rulers, require but the defi-
nition of a single word to secure to Americans
all they ask of Germany.
But whatever may be her decision or that
of other States, the point we make will be
conceded. That the lights we claim can be
permanently denied; that the question at issue
will be settled against us ; that it is to remain
long unsettled, is impossible.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs have en-
tered upon the consideration of the question
only by the direct order of the House. It
has received the considerate attention which
its great importance demands, and the result
of its deliberations is embraced in a bill here-
with submitted for the consideration of the
House. Nothing can bo more apparent than
that legislation does not alone furnish a rem-
edy for the evils of which the country com-
plains. Local legislation is as powerless to
effect the reforms we desire as it is to justify
the wrongs inflicted upon American citizens
by other nations. But it is indispensable as a
first step that statute declaration of the rights
we claim should exist. It is also important
that distinct proclamation of the limitations
to the rights we claim should be made. The
project of a law which is submitted herewith
seeks to accomplish this result. It also pro-
poses that when all the resources of the Gov-
ernment shall have failed to produce.a recog-
nition by other Governments of the principles
of public law so long maintained by this, in
regard to the rights of naturalized citizens, the
President shall be invested with the same au-
thority within our jurisdiction as to subjects
of other Governments, that foreign States en-
force upon American citizens within their juris-
diction. In case of collision, reprisal, or war,
a State is justified in detaining a foreigner
against his will. (Yon Martens, Law of Na-
tions, 87.) But it is not anticipated that such
proceedings will be required. It cannot be that
in this age, when all the political traditions of
the middle ages are tumbling, that Europe will
rush to extremities to sustain a claim repudiated
by every authority of law, humanity, experience,
civilization, and justice.
A BILL concerning the Rights of American
Citizens in Foreign States:
Section 1. Be it enacted, &c., That all natu-
ralized citizens of the United States while in
foreign States shall be entitled to and shall
receive from this Government the same pro-
tection of persons and property that is accorded
to native-born citizens in like situation and
circumstances. And the President is empow-
ered to employ all the resources of the Gov-
ernment in just efforts to secure the lecogni-
tion by other Governments of the principles of
public law which have been insisted upon and
maintained by the Government of the United
States in regard to the rights of naturalized
citizens: Provided always, That no citizen of
the United States who is guilty of crime against
the laws of any foreign State committed within
its jurisdiction ; or of desertion from actual
service in the Army or Navy of such State : or
who shall have acquired naturalization by mis-
representation or fraud in regard to residence
or otherwise ; or who by treason or other crime
against the United States shall have forfeited,
or who shall have renounced his rights as a cit-
izen, or who shall establish a continuous res-
idence beyond the limits of the United States
for a term exceeding five years, shall be enti-
tled to the protection contemplated by this
act.
Sec. 2. Andbe il further enacted, That when-
ever it shall be duly made known to the Presi-
dent that any naturalized citizen of the United
States has been arrested and is detained by any
foreign Government in contravention of the
intent and purposes of this act, upon the alle-
gation that naturalization in the United States
does not operate to dissolve his allegiance to
his native sovereign, or if any citizen shall have
been so arrested and detained whose release
upon demand shall have been unreasonably
delayed or refused, the President shall be. anil
hereby is, empowered to order the arrest and
to detain in custody any subject or citizen of
such foreign Government who may be found
within the jurisdiction of the United Stare* ;
and the President shall, without unreasonable
delay, give information to Congress of any such
proceedings under this act.
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted. That if
any naturalized citizen of the L'nited States
shall return to his native country with intent
to resume his domicile therein, or if any citizen
shall leave the United States with the interne >n
of permanent residence in any foreign State,
or shall fail to make annual return of his prop-
erty in the United States for taxation ro i!ie
assessor of internal revenue of the district of the
United States in which such citizen last re-Med.
or shall engage as an army or navy belligc: cut
in any foreign war or service, such'citizea shall
not be entitled to the interposition of the Gov-
ernment in his behalf under the provisions of
this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
term " domicile'' in the preceding section shall
be construed to mean a continuous residence
of more than five years in the native country
of the naturalized citizen, or establishing him-
self in any business which denotes an inten-
tion to resume a permanent residence.
