tmi;
mmkemow£l &lqie
m
for coin only, would the gentleman haw it re-
ferred to the committee on coinage ? In order
that the House may see to what the bill refers
I will ask to have it read by tl e Clerk. It relates
to nothing in the world except the emission of
new bonds to the amount of $300,000,000 bear*
rog interest with the provision that they may
be sold for lawful money, of course including
"greenbacks." >
I wish to add that I do not commit, myself
for of against the bilL I am not prepared to
say that some such provision as this in relation
to convertible bonds may not be p wholesome
feature in a system of measures or in one gent
eral measure covering the whole subject ; but
whether it is or not there is the more reason
for referring it to the eommittee having charge
of the whole subject.
Mr. JUDD. It seems to me, from the state-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, this is a
mere question of jurisdiction between the two
committees, and the point is m exceedingly
fine that good arguments can be made on both
sides. Whether it,should go to the Committee
of Ways and Means turns upon the language
of the rules which have been read;. and the
question not being clear that it should go to that
committee, it seems to mte it would be courte-
* ous to refer the bill to the oMnmittee of which
the gentleman from Maine, who introduced ifcj
is a member. He asks to have it referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
I hope it will take that reference. Can any
injury oecur to the public service by referring
it to the Committee on Banking aud Currency,
of which the gentleman is a: member ?
When the bill shall be reported from the
Committee on Bankitag and Currency, if it is
a subjeet-matter that properly belongs to the
Committee of Ways and Means the House can
again refer it5 but at this time, as there is so
mueh doubt as to the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and the bill hav-
ing been introduced by the gentleman from
T&aine, it seems to-me thai simple courtesy on
tfce part of the House would send the bill t6
the committee indicated by its author.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask for the reading of
the bill for the information of the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to make a sng-
festion, which will perhaps avoid any difficulty
etween the two committees.. As the bill
relates to bonds and the. title relates to cur-
rency I would suggest that the title be referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency,
and the balance of the bill be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. . [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. That is fair, I thank.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] will amend his prop-
osition so that everything in the currency act
that relates to bonds shall be taken out of it
whenever amendments to that pet shall be re1-
ferred to the Committee on Banking sod Cur-
rency I think it would be consistent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. Is the bill before the
House?
The SPEAKER. It is not, and this debate
is irregular; but no gentleman made the point
of order upon it, and some explanation was
needed as to the contents of the . bill, about
which there is a controversy between the two
committees as ,to which should have jurisdic-
. tion of it. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schbnge] moves that the rules be suspended
and that the Committee oa Banking and Cur-
rency be discharged from the further consid-
eration of a bill to provide against undue ex-
pansion and cob traction of the currency, and
that the same he referred to. the Committee of
Ways and Means*
Mr. SCHENCK. I-ask for the readiatj of
the bill. .
The bill was read. The first section, author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue United States coupon honds to an
amouq^ not exceeding $300,000,000 of such
donomTOations, not less than $100, as he shall
cribe, payable in lawful money on demand,
ring intefeet at the rate of Eve per cent.
ger annum, payable quarteryearly in ooiu,
said bonds to be issued to any persons.paying
therefor the par value thereof in lawful money,
and to.be redeemable by the United States at
any time twenty years after their first issue,
and not earlier except at the option of the
holders^ as hereinafter provided, and at the
expiration of the twenty years shall be paid in
eoin.
The second section farovidesi that the bonds
so issued shall be signed by dm First or Second
Comptroller or the Register of the Treasury,
and count ensign ed by such other officer or
officers of the Treasury as the Secretary may
designate, and shall be issued under the seal
of the' Treasury Department,. the coupons to
be- signed by such person 0* persons or exe-
cuted in' such manner as may be designated
by the Secretary of the Treasury. .
The third section provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall take up the bonds when-
ever presented for that purpose at the Treasury
of the United States, paying therefor iniawful
money the par value tnereot and the accrued
interest thereon tor the amount of any matured
and unpaid coupons attached thereto, and the
bonds so takfen up may be reissued in the man-
ner provided for their first issue, the ititereist
which may have aeerued on any coupons thereto
attached at the time of said reissue beingpaid
by the purchaser in addition to the par value
of the bonds, and the bonds may continue to
be reissued at any time or times daring a period
of ten years, after which they shall not be again
reissued. 1:
The question was taken on Mr. Scheiecx's
motion; and, two thirds not voting in favor
thereof, the rules were not suspended.
PAT OF MEMBERS Of CONQKESS. -
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. 1 ask
unanimous consent to offer the following reso-
lution :
Refilved, That the jcn*t ComttitUe on Retrench-
ment inquire into the expediency of reducing the pay
of the members of the present Congress to $4,000 per
have leave, to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SPALDING. I object:
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Imovte
to suspend the rules to enable me to offer the
resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn. •.
The motion wai agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and five minutes p. nl.) the House
adjourned. 1 .
PETITIONS, ETO,
. The following petitions, Ac., were presented
undfer the rulei and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BROMWELL: The petition of Dc.
Norman Coinstock, praying for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs, Martha J. Wil-
cox, praying for a pension.
Also, a memorial of the Society of Friends,
praying for a change in tie policy ©f.the Gov-,
ernment in relation to the Indian tribes.
By Mr. GLOSSBRENNER: The memo-
rial, accompanied by testimony, of J. S. Gol-
laday and John W. Bowling, of Kentucky,
praying for the payment to them of the pro-
ceeds of fifty barrels of whisky, improperly
seized and gold by officers of. the Government
Also, a memorial and accompanying papers
of Mrs. Joseph Gales^of the District of Colum-
bia, graying restoration of or compensation for
certain fencing on her property, " Eckiugton,"
destroyed hjr United Srtates soldiers in 1861.
By Mr. HQTCHKISS; The petition of Jon-
athan S. Turner praying for an extension of
his patent.
Bjf Mr, HUBBARD, of West Virginia; The
titionof James E. Wharton, ofParkersburg,
est Virginia,, asking compensation for dam-
ages sustained by him in the destruction of lite
property by United States troops in July .1864.
By Mr. KNOTT: The memorial of Michael
C. Elliott, of Cumberland county, Kentucky,
praying that certain distilled liquors, upon
pe
W
which the internal revenue tax had been
assessed, but which was afterward destroyed
by fire, be released from sara tax.
By Mr. ORTH : The petition asking for a
port of entryat the city of La Fayette, Indiana.
Also, petition praying for a past route from
Orawfordsville to Perrysville, Indiana, via Sun-
nyside, Steam Corner, and Vandorea's Mill.
Also, petition of David F. Stephens, of Indi-
ana, asking for apension.
By Mr. SCHENCK:.. The petition of A.
Haines, srri, and 82 others, citizens of Preble
county, Ohio, praying that the, bonds of the
Government may be paid in legal tenders, and
for a further issue of the currency.
By Mr. STOKES: The application of Wil-
liam Crutchfield, a loyal citizen of Chattanooga,
Tennessee, .for quartermaster and company
stores taken by military authority.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The petition of
George Davenport, Nathaniel Root, Rezin
Wright, and many others, non-commissioned
officers and privates of the fortrth Michigan
cavalry, asking that the reward offered for the
capture of Jeff. Davis be paid to that regiment,
as awarded by the War Department. 1
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Lewis R.
Bridge, William Filkins, Charles Craig, Ezra
Bair, Benjamin F. Archer, and Joseph Odren,
late of the fourth Michigan cavalry; praying
for their proportion of the reward offered for
the capture of Jefferson Davis.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri: The
memorial of Barrow, Porter & Crenshaw, for
reimbursement for losses in mail service.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: The
etition of the citizens of Newport, Indiana,
the relief of Margaret Filaoir.
NOTICE Of A MIX...
The following notice for leave to introduce
a> bill wits given under the rule:
By Mr. WINDQM.- A bill for the relief of
settlerB on the Sioux reservation in the State
of Minnesota.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 17, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
the Board of Directors of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, praying the indorsement
of the Government as furnished to other sim-
ilar roads as a basis of credit to enable them
to make available the resources possessed
under their charter; which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DIXON presented the memorial of
Sarah A. Ward, widow of Commander James
H. Ward, United States Navy, praying com-
pensation for improvements made by him upon
the gun-carriage of the Navy; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CATTELL presented the petition of
John Graham and others, for the repeal of
the internal revenue tax on raw cotton and
cotton and wooleq fabrics.; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance._
He also presented the petition "of Hamil &
Booth and others, manufacturers of silk, silk
throwsters, dyers, and others interested in silk
manufacture^ asking relief from the five per
cent, tax oft their production: which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMER0Y presented the petition of
James A. Fox and others, of Steuben county,
Indiana, in favor of equal suffrage for women
with men in the District of Columbia and
wherever the jurisdiction of Congress extends;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Frances S. Richardson, widow of Major Gen-
end J. B. Richardson, praying a compensa-
