1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36#9
it by the patentee or enjoyed by her. We may
as well, therefore, accept the amendment of
the committee as a substitute for a direct vote,
rejecting the bill itself. This being its charac-
ter it is only worth its value as an argument
following the report which has been submitted.
I understand the committee differed in opin-
ion ; it was not a unanimous report.
Now, Mr. President, what is this bill? It is
simply to remove from this case a technical
difficulty which has been discovered by lawyers
in the course of some judicial investigation.
Called to account by the patentee for the use
of a valuable—I might say an almost invalu-
able—invention, they were disposed to resist
the claim or to resist it in part, and their coun-
sel in pursuing investigation into the case dis-
covered, unearthed, a foreign patent, which it
is supposed interposes a technical legal diffi-
culty, if it be pressed in the courts of law, to
the enjoyment of any interest whatever under
the renewal of the patent. Now, what is this
bill? It is simply to remove that difficulty.
It does not seem that the patentee when this
renewal was made understood that there was a
foreign patent, or that the manufacturers who
have used this patent understood it. In fact, I
believe the truth is that the foreign patent
never was extensively used; no extensive fruits,
tf any at all, were ever received from it. I
understand-it was never used in fact abroad.
Now, the Senate of the United States,
instead of passing a bill such as it is described
to be by the Senator from West Virginia, are
just removing out of the hands of the manu-
facturers who are using this patent a plea in
court which is partly technical, has no merit
in it, which reaches no substantial point of
equity involved between them and the patentee.
That is the whole of this bill. It may be that
some consideration should be given to those
manufacturers that may have used the patent
in ignorance or innocently; and if there was
some amendment of that sort—I do not know
how it eould be drawn—there might be an
argument in favor of it.
Mr. CONKLING-. That very thing is in
the House bill, that it is not to attach to the
interval between one date and the other.
Mr. BUCKALEW. But so far as regards
the use of the patent hereafter, until 1871,
when it will expire by its own limitation, there
can be no argument at all, and no appeal to
the justice of the Senate 
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me before he takes his seat, so as to do it in
this connection, to make a statement on one
important point?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. And that is the profits
resulting to the patentee from the use of the
patent in this country. They are wnhin six
thousand dollars. Fifty-one or fifty-two hun-
dred dollars is the total amount received, as
proven upon the application for an extension.
Mr. WILLEY. Did you get that from the
evidence, or from a pamphlet on your table?
Mr. CONNESS. It is taken from the sworn
testimony; and the chairman of the commit-
tee could have had access to it, and ought to
have known it.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to say to that that
I put the whole evidence in the hands of the
Senator from Connecticut, and I wanted the
Senate to wait till I could get it.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I have to say, with
the permission of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania again, that the Senator from West Vir-.
ginia, being in ignorance of the fact, ought not
to have called my statement in question.
Mr. BUCK.iLEW. Well, Mr. President, I
have endeavored to state what I understand to
be the true character of this bill and to show
that it is not open to the objections which have
been made by the Senator from West Virginia.
Now, one word in conclusion, and I shall leave
the subject.
We may take for granted, for all the pur-
poses of a vote upon this bill, that the Com-
missioner of Patents acted properly in extend-
ing this patent. There is nothiag before us to
40th Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 229.
show that he acted corruptly, from motives of
favoritism or of enmity to any human being.
The presumption is that he as a public officer
acted in a proper, reasonable, and just man-
ner in extending this patent for a period of
seven years ; that he had before him the neces-
sary evidence to bring this case within the
requirements of the general patent laws. We
are by passing this bill, as I said before, doing
nothing except removing the legal obstacle
which this lady encounters to the enjoyment
of her rights under our laws by the unearthing
of an unused, valueless foreign patent which
was taken out but never followed up by the
patentee.
Mr. CORBETT. I merely wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the provisions of the
amendment reported by the committee. It
seems to me that extending the patent with
that provision in the bill would probably amount
to nothing, because it would place this busi-
ness entirely in the hands of those companies
that are already established, and have large
capital, aud have been extending their works.
Consequently they would have the advantage,
and no new concern would enter into the manu-
facture of this article, and hence the country
at large would have to pay more for the article
if manufactured by these few establishments.
No one being allowed to come in competition
without paying a royalty, the result would be
to deter any one else trom entering into the
market in competition with these manufac-
turers who do not have to pay any royalty.
Mr. THAYER. As the Senator says the
amendment will constitute the existing com-
panies monstrous monopolies against thewhole
world. This is all there is of it; that is all
the speech 1 will make. ["Vote!" "Vote!"]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask a question
for information. Now that this amendment
has been rejected, I wish to know whether, if
the bill should pass in its present form, the
parties entitled to this patent would be able to
collect a royalty, as I believe they call it, from
the date of the expiration of the first fourteen
years up to the present period ?
Mr. CONKLJNG. No, sir; the bill says
the contrary. The last clause is:
Provided, That this act shall not operate between
the period of the date of the English patent and the
date of the original American patent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 159) relating to the Western Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not a private
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. What is it, pray ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. This evening was set
apart for private claims.
Mr. CONNESS. I was not aware of that
fact. I did not know that this evening had
been set apart for private claims. [•' Cer-
tainly."']
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was so
set apart.
Mr. CONNESS. I am the last man to inter-
fere with any such order of the Senate, and I
withdraw the motion. The Senate will gratify
me at some other time.
PRIZE CASES IN FLORIDA.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 48G, to facilitate the settlement
of certain prize cases in the southern district
of Florida.
Mr. HOWE. I think that is not one of the
bills the Senate has met to consider this even-
ing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; it is to settle
the rights of certain parties who claim prize
money, and to secure it to them. It conies
from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 486) to facilitate the settlement of certain
prize cases in the southern district of Florida
was considered as in Committee of the Whole";
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury, upon the execution and delivery to
him by the administratrix of . the estate of
James C. Clapp, deceased, late United States
marshal for the southern district of Florida, of
a proper written release of all claims and de-
mands for, or on account of, all costs, charges,
fees, and expenses due, or claimed to be due,
to him as marshal or to his estate, in any prize
or other cases in that district, to accept from
the administratrix the sum of §50,000 in full
satisfaction of all claims and demands of the
United States against, the estate of James C.
Clapp, and against the sureties in his official
bond, and that this sum of §50,000, when paid,
together with the sums now on deposit with
the Assistant Treasurer in New York to the
credit of Clapp and to.the credit of the United
States district court for the southern district
of Florida, shall be deposited with the Assist-
ant United States Treasurer at Washington,
subject to the order of the United States dis-
trict court for the southern district of Florida,
for the purpose of meeting decrees of distribu-
tion or restitution in the following prize causes
pending in that district; Schooner Lucy No.
1, the cargo of the steamer Adela, schooner
Alicia and cargo, schooner Isabel and cargo,
the steamer James Battle, schooner Diana and
cargo, schooner Sea Lion and cargo, the cargo
of the steamer Nita, steamer Pearl and cargo,
schoonerTeresa No. 2, steamer Union, steamer
Victor and cargo, and schooner John Wil-
liams.
The Secretary of the Navy is to deposit with
the Assistant United States Treasurer at Wash-
ington, the appraised values of the prize steam-
ers Adela and Nita, condemned in the district
court for the southern district of Florida, and
taken into the naval service, and. after de-
ducting all proper charges and expenses, a
moiety of the same is to be distributed under
the decree of the court, according to law,
among the captors entitled to share in these
prizes, and the remaining moiety is to be sub-
ject to the order of the district court.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not exactly under-
stand the bill. I suppose there is a much
larger sum due by the marshal than the amount
to be paid by the widow, and the amount is to
be taken by way of compromise under the im-
pression that the whole cannot be collected.
I hope the honorable member from Indiana
will give us some information on the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 'The printed report
which I made to the Senate states the facts.
The report is No. 128. The marshal was a
defaulter. The sum realized from the sale of
these vessels was about two hundred-and
twenty-four thousand dollars. The money
that is still on deposit to his credit is some fifty-
odd thousand dollars, and there is another sum
of $19,000 which can be obtained, and there is
§50,000 which the widow is willing to pay oat
of her own estate, provided her husband's estate
can be released, and the bondsman, whose
bond is $20,000, can also be released. These
sums will make about one hundred and twenty-
four thousand dollars. That i? about theamont
which can be realized by the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the value of the
estate left by the husband ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The estate is worth
nothing but what is on deposit. Great efforts
J have been made to realize, but nothing more
1 can be had. This is the largest sum that can
I be realized.
! Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the sum that
. ought to bo realized?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Two hundred and
I twenty-four thousand dollars. To make up
j the sum of $124,,000 the widow pays $50,000
j out of her own estate in order to relieve her
: huf band's estate and the bondsman.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the amount of
! the bond ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Twenty thousand dol-
; lars. This is to enable these cases to be ad-
i justed in court; they cannot be otherwise.
