1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
as Senators, to transfer even for a moment to
a third person not a member of this body any
authority to speak for the body. We were not
elected for any such purpose. The public will
not hold such third person responsible for any
decision that may be made, but will hold the
Senate, as such, responsible. It is a power
which we cannot delegate, we cannot part with
for a moment, even for our own convenience.
If it pertains to us under the Constitution, and
it is entirely clear that such is the case, we
cannot part with it. If it be inconvenient to
us, or inconvenient to the accused, or incon-
venient to anybody else, no complaint can be
made except against the Constitution itself
which confers the authority. We must exer-
cise it the best way we can. Although it may
be tedious, although it may lead to the con-
sumption of time unnecessarily in the opinion
of some, we cannot help it. We are obliged
to face the responsibility and to do our duty
under the Constitution, and for one I shall not
shrink from this responsibility.
Sir, if this power pertains to us, we can no
more grant it to the Chief Justice of the Uni-
ted States than we can to the chief justice
of the State of New York or to any other per-
son. 1 trust, therefore, that inasmuch as the
Senate has shown, as 1 think very properly, a
jealousy of its own powers in respect to im-
peachments, we shall carry that jealousy out
to its legitimate results and continue within
ourselves the exercise of the power which, by
this seventh rule, is given to the Chief Justice.
I hope, sir, this amendment will prevail. I
speak, of course, understand me, with every
feeling of respect and admiration for the high
talents and high character of the present Chief
Justice of the United States. 1 should be as
willing, perhaps, to abide by his opinions upon
questions of evidence now as upon those of
any living man ; but, standing as I do, charged
with this responsibility and sworn to its per-
formance as a .Senator of the United States, I
cannot consent to part with it nor attempt to
transfer it.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDitIClvS, (atnine o'clock and fifty
minutes p. m.) Will the Senator from Kansas
yield for a motion? As the committee has
become dissatisfied with its own report, and
has become profoundly impressed with the in-
correctness of its original views, I think at this
late hour of the night we had better adjourn.
When the committee stood firmly by the re-
port I thought we should get through it some
time, but now the committee yields the report;
it finds that the report is wrong. Under these
circumstances I think we had better adjourn.
If the Senator from Kansas will yield the floor
I will move an adjournment, particularly inas-
much as I do not think there is a quorum here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Indiana moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 5, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew,_ Hendricks, McCreery,
Spraguc, and Van Winkle—5.
KAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Otagm, Drake, Ferry, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Pome-
roy, Sherm.m. Stewart, Thayer, Willey, "Williams,
Wilson.and Y'atcs—22.
ABSENT—Mes.-rs. Bayard, Conness, Corbett, Da-
vis. Dix-on, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Johnson, Morrill
ot Maine,"Morton, Motion. Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patteison of Tennessee. Kamsey. Koss,
Saulsbury, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wade—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope now we shall come
to a vote on this amendment, if gentlemen have
said all that they desire to say.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from
Kansas has the iloor. I took it from him to
make my motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I was not aware of that.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mich-
40th L'onCx. 2d Sess.—No. 101
igan is very welcome to the floor. I only rose
to say that I think the amendment, in the form
I suggested, meets entirely the case, and leaves
it an open question whether we be a court or
not. It does not say that we are and it does
not say that we are not I prefer to leave it in
that way, and then it is in harmony with other
portions of the rules. We have by a former
amendmentstricken out the words " high court
of impeachment." So I propose to amend
this rule to make it in harmony with that. The
power given to the presiding officer by this
amendment is no more than we can give to
the moderator of any meeting. There is no
judicial power in it. We say that, in the first in-
stance, to save time, if for no other reason, on
preliminary questions, he may decide them,
unless any Senator chooses to ask for a vote
of the Senate. 1 will read the rule as it will
stand if amended in the way 1 propose, and it
seems to me it cannot be objected to.
"The presiding ollicer"—whoever he may
be—"may rule all questions of evidence and
incidental questions"—there is no obligation
about it ; lie is not obliged to rule them ; but
may rule them.
Which ruling shall stand as the decision of the
Senate, unless some member shall ask that a lormal
vote be taken thereon—
That puts the power in the hands of any one
member—
in which case it shall be submitted to the members
for decision; or he may, at his option, in the first, in-
stance. submit any question to a vote of the members
present.
Mr. HOWxiRD. That does not change the
effect of the rule at all.
Mr. POMEROY. But it makes it in har-
mony with what we have ordered in other por-
tions of the rules. It cuts out the idea of a
court. It does not say we are or are not a
court; and that, I supposed, was the only real
object to be attained. If the Senator from
Michigan thinks we are conferring any partic-
ular power upon the Chief Justice as a pre-
siding officer I repeat it is 110 more power
than any moderator can exercise in a town
meeting, if we give it. There is no judicial
function about it. We simply .give the pre-
siding officer, the moderator if you please, the
power to decide preliminary questions, unless
some one of the members desires that the
voice of the Senate shall be had ; and in that
ease he has only to ask that it be submitted to
the Senate. I do not think there is any judi-
cial function in that or any particular power
that we need fear.
Besides, no presiding officer desires to as-
sume responsibilities. I would leave this rule
in such a way that he may submit every ques-
tion. If he chooses to submit the most trivial
he can do it; and we all know how valuable
that provision is, for no presiding officer de-
sires to make any decision against the voice of
the body over whom he presides ; and to clear
himself from any responsibility in the matter
we have provided that in the first instance he
may submit every question to a vote of the
members.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Does the Senator think
that a decision upon a question of what is legal
evidence is or is not a judicial question?
Mr. POMEROY. It may be a judicial ques-
tion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is the very tiling
the Senator is denying.
Mr. POMEROY. Every question of the
interpretation of law and every question of the
interpretation of a rule in a decision of the
Chair is, in a sense, judicial. In that sense
this may be considered judicial. A preliminary
question decided here day by day in the Sen-
ate by the Presiding Officer bas in its nature
something of the character of a judicial ques-
tion. But there is no such question raised by
this rule. We do not give the Chief Justice
any more power, if the rule be amended as I
propose, than wegive the Vice President when
he is here, and is the presiding officer. I
take the ground, of course, as every Senator
does, that while the Chief Justice is here he
is here as a moderator to preside over this
body, to administer its rules, in the same way
as the Vice President would if he was not ex-
cluded by the provisions of the Constitution.
The Vice President has no vote. All the main
questions on an impeachment are decided by a
two-thirds vote. In no case can the Vice Presi-
dent vote when it requires a two-thirds vote to
settle the question. Therefore the presiding
officer, if he is the Chief Justice, cannot vote.
In the second place, he is not a member of the
body in any such way as would entitle him to
vote.
I am not at all tenacious about the amend-
ment, but I think that, as I have suggested it,
it makes the rules in harmony with each other,
and entirely in keeping with what we desire to
accomplish.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the seventh rule
proposed by the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Michigan now discovers the report in this re-
spect to be wrong, because to allow the Chief
Justice to decide whether a question asked is
too leading in form or anything of that sort is
conferring too much power on him, I should like
to know how the Senator from Michigan voted
on Saturday upon the rule as it originally stood
to allow the Chief Justice, subject to the con-
trol of the Senate, to call out the Army and
the Navy to enforce any of the interlocutory
orders of this body? 1 desire to know if he
thought at that time that that was conferring
too much power and how he voted on that par-
ticular question?
Mr. HOWARD. That would have been by
the direction of the court. Does the Senator
from Indiana think such an order would be a
judicial act?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It would not be a very
judicious act, in my judgment. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I inquire if that amend-
ment is not necessary to make this rule con-
sistent with the changes already made, striking
out the word " court."
Mr. POMEROY. Of course it is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We have to change the
rules throughout in that respect.
The question being put, there were on a di-
vision—aves 11, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. CHANDLER called
for the yeas and nays, which were ordered ; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 17; as
follows:
AYES—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Harlan, Hendricks,
Howe, Morril! of Vermont, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Van Winkle, and Williams—11.
XAYS — Messrs. liuckalew, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Conkhng, Cragin, Drake, Ferry, Howard,
MeOreery, Morgan, Spractue, Stewart, Thayer, Wil-
ley. Wilson, and Yates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Conness, Corbett, Da-
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Johnson, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson of
New Hampshire, PattersonotTennessee. Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wade—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan, to strike out the second clause
of the seventh rule and in lieu thereof to insert
other words.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What are the words to
be inserted? Let them be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
The Presiding Ofiieer may in the first instance sub-
mit to the Senate, without a division, all questions
of evidence and incidental questions; but the same,
on demand of one fifth of the members present, shall
he decided by yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 7 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Colliding, Cragin. Drake, Ferry,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, Moigan. Pomeroy,Ramsey,
Stewart. Thayer, Van Winkle, Willey, Wilson, and
YjltCN-~—1«
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Hendricks, McCreery,
Jtforriil of Vermont, Sherman, Sprague, and Wil-
** ABSENT—Me?sr^. Bayard, Conness, Corbett, Da-
