1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
40th Cons..-..2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Williams,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. W. WILLIAMS,
OP INDIANA,
Ik the House op Representatives,
January 2-5, 18G8.
The House being in the Committee of tho Whole
on the state of the Union on tho President's annual
message—■
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, said:
Mr. Chairman : Since I have had the honor
of a seat in this House I have never save oil
one occasion, and then very briefly, occupied
the attention of the House. So far I have pre-
ferred to remain silent and listen to the words
of wisdom as they fell from tho lips of the ex-
perienced statesmen of the land. And as I
speak to-day ex tempore I shall invoke the
charitable criticisms of the House and the conn-
try and ask tho Chair that I shall not be inter-
rupted during the short time allotted me by the
rules of the House.
Mr. Chairman, the condition of the country
at this time, both political and financial, is the
subject of anxious solicitude in the minds of
the people, and to Congress they look with
confidence for a happy solution of the national
difficulties, ihave sometimes-wondered since
occupying my seat whether I was sitting in
the Halls of an American Congress or had
taken my place in the Council Chambers of a
foreign Power, whose institutions and govern-
ment was ruled by tho hands of some mighty
despot. I have heard, sir, with harsh grat-
ing on my ear, from the lips of distinguished
statesmen and classic orators, llie following
terrible words: ''usurpation," "unconstitu-
tional legislation," "infamous legislation,"
"monstrosity," and lauguage of similar im-
port, well caieulatcd to arouse to action the
sleeping energies of a nation to the impending
dangers which surround thera ; and I trust,
sir, that the Republican party will heed the
warning voice of these new guardians of lib-
erty, or latter-day saints, and prepare to meet
the impending storm that so seriously imperils
the life of the Republic.
Sir, I love to go back in my country's his-
tory to the time when Providence smiled upon
the birth of freedom, and, if possible, draw
inspiration from tho teachings and principles
of the fathers who have transmitted to us so
glorious a heritage, and proclaimed to the
world the capacity of man'to govern himself.
I have read, sir, with deep interest, the graphic
description of that event that transpired long
since, when the fathers spoke and an empire
was free. It is said by the writer that the as-
semblage which convened in that memorable
Hall in. grandeur and sublimity was only ex-
celled when Trinity held council for tho redemp-
tion of man. I fancy I can see them as they
look over the great white ocean and see no
army or navy to encounter the mistress of the
sea, and in the midst of the solemn reverie it
is said that an old man with a red cloak ap-
proached the Speaker's chair and offered a
prayer to God for the deliverance of the strug-
gling colonies, and a voice came out from
behind tho cloud that vailed the brightness of
Jehovah's throne. Let victory perch on liber-
ty's side. The British lion was driven back to
his lair, and God gave to our fathers a land
forever to be dedicated to freedom ; and to-day
they say to us, "Stand firm amid the battle
shock, and transmit to coming generations
unimpaired that which treason has sought to
overthrow and destroy."
That declaration was but a fulfillment of a
prophecy more than four thousand years be-
fore, when inspiration, looking down upon the
vast future, declared that the time should come
in the history of the world when a nation
should be born in a day. And the fulfillment
of that prophecy came wheu our nation was
bora, and liberty came forth as the morning
star and the hope of the oppressed millions of
the world.
For seventy years, with but two exceptions,
no person dreamed of war. Under the bal-
ancing power of the Constitution our country
grew and strengthened into a great empire,
whose territory was washed by tho waves\>f
two oceans. But war did come, and I pro-
pose to-day briefly to show what great party it
was that 'raised their impious hands against
the Constitution of our country, and who de-
termined if their action could accomplish it to
sever the land of Washington, and to let the
future historian write the epitaph on his tomb-
stone : 11 Here lies the hero of a nation that has
gone down in rebellion;" and then to divide
this great empire which God had decreed, by
its mountains, lakes, and rivers, should bo one
people and one Government, until the last
sands shall have passed from the mirror of
time.
Mr. Chairman, I propose to show that the rem-
nant of the once great and powerful party who
in the days of its loyalty and fidelity to the Con-
stitution, when it inarched its solid columns,
beneath whose tread the earth trembled as they
approached the ballot-box, do now, in the days
of their degeneracy and affiliation with treason,
propose and boldly proclaim that should the
Republican party restore back to the disorgan-
ized communities in the late rebellious States
governments republican in form and such as
are required by the Federal Constitution to be
guarantied to all the States, then and in that
event this Union party shall be driven from
power, and tho enemies of the Republic shall
be restored to power and placed in charge of
the ark of our political covenant.
I charge upon the present Democratic paity
that they were the party that raised their impious
hands against this Government. And what do
wc see to-day ? All over this great land the tires
of a thousand forges have gone out,; the spin-
dles of your great factories are stilled, and thou-
sands of operatives are unable to obtain employ-
ment. with the proceeds of which to maintain
their families; the merchant in your commercial
metropolis stands with anxious care inquiring,
" YV'hat shall I do to save my credit and meet
the obligations pressing upon me?" The na-
tion, borne down with taxation, fastened upon
them by Democratic treachery, calls loudly to
Congress for relief, and repeats the Macedonian
cry, ''Come over and help us and I have faith
to believe that a Republican Congress will so
far as possible meet the emergency.
And what party was it that brought this
great ruin upon the land'/ The answer comes
back as true as the law announced amid the
roaring thunders and the flashing lightnings
of Sinai's mount—"Democracy, thou didst
it." And we are to-day reaping the fruit-; of
the legacy bequeathed to the Republican party
by the Deiuuciatic party of this country, who
had grown fat upon the public plunder from
our national Treasury, and, like Jezebel of
old, "waxed fat and kicked."
Wheu we came into power what was the
condition of the country? For forty years,
with but few exceptions, the Democratic party
had controlled this Government. Before Abra-
ham Lincoln was inaugurated they had stolen
of the property of the people of the United
States, 070,000, in forts, arsenals, and
money. Six States hod gone out ol the Union
as far as they could do. They had organized
a confederate government, with a confederate
president and a confederate congress, in oppo-
sition to the Government which our fathers
gave us. That is the legacy the Democracy
bequeathed to the Republican party.
The honorable gentleman who has just ad-
dressed this committee [Mr. SiTour. vves] says
that the Radical party is responsible for all
this. Go with me. if you please, down in sight
of the city of Charleston in April, jO'iI, and
what is the sight there which meets tiie gaze
of the patriot? Thero are a large number of
gentlemen clad in military apparel marching
backward and forward with trailing arms, and
with their cannon pointed toward the flag of
your country. Ask who are those men, and
tho answer is, "All Democrats." And upon
that terrible morning in April they opened
their batteries of stolen guns against the na-
tional fort and fired upon the flag which in its
mission of mercy had shed its rays of light
over the dark waters of Japan and in searching
for the lost navigator in the frozen regions of'
tho north.
I ask Democrats, Do you recollect the morn-
ing when the telegraph flashed all over the land
the news that Sumter had been fired upon and
had fallen, what a thrill went to the hearts of
the American people? and Democracy stood ap-
palled at the work of their own hands. Abra-
ham Lincoln called for seventy-five thousand
men to defend the existence of the Republic,
and Democracy then proclaimed that there was
no power in the Constitution to preserve its
own vitality or existence, and that the call for
troops was a violation of that instrument which
perjured treason was attempting to overthrow
by the strong hand of armed resistance to its
authority. What did the Democracy say?
These men who now prate about "the Consti-
tution '' told us then that it was a violation of
the Constitution to defend the flag of our coun-
try. I challenge this Democratic party to show
by a single record where, as a party, they ever
sustained the Government in its efforts to put
down this infamous Democratic rebellion dur-
ing the entire progress of the war. When the
Government found it, necessary to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus what was then the cry ?
They said, "This is an infringement of our
rights; it denies to us the privilege of free
speech and a free press." Yes, when we de-
clared that a man should not receive the protec-
tion of this Government and at the same time
preach treason against his country, the Dem-
ocracy claimed that it violated their rights under
the Constitution. During the entire war the
Democratic party of the great North had no
sympathy with the struggling thousands of our
brave soldiers who went out to defend the flag
of the country.
I now come to speak of the period when the
Chicago convention was held. The remnants
of this great body, who claim to be the polit-
ical descendants of Jefferson, met in solemn
convention upon the borders of that great lake
that forms the northwestern boundary of my
noble State. What did that convention declare?
They declared that they were for peace ; they
declared that the war had been a failure; and
I charge to-day that that resolution, passed by
that peace convention, was a slander and a
libel upon the brave soldiers of the North who
had reconquered three-fourths of the rebel ter-
ritory, and were then j'; -1 about to take that
great march with Sherman to the sea—a mili-
tary expedition exceeding in glory the proud-
est exploits of Napoleon. And m that con-
vention the'gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] not now in his seat made a prayer on
behalf of the Democratic party. Tt is aston-
ishing to me that the Democracy should ever
pray; bat my astonishment diminishes when I
discover that Jeff'. Davis prayed for the triumph
of his rebel government. Let me read the lan-
guage used on that occasion by the gentleman
from X ew York:
" Now, my friend*. I counsel peace. [Cheers.1 i
counsel peace in the democratic paity tilat wo may
r^tore old r;slits to this di-tracted land. We must
have a anion of the party thai wc may have a Union
of the States. [Oncers.' ourselves firmly
upon a peace platform, [' that's right,' and cheers,!
witlx a candidate pledged to lecture yeaue ana h&v-
iH'>uv, [oheersi *o:ae rieat oi-hearted .Democrat,
ttie Union shall and wilt be restored. [ Bully tor
you.' and loud cheers,] Now, my friends, we navo
had war. we have ha I aaLmni--tration, desomtnm.
ei'iar, i\ : "on. and d..lunation* ; ->aoud and eohtimu i
ehe-ns.f .\:ai mo"- wo propose to appiy the reni-.uy
—to .1 tmnn.-ter too unlidotey-^caeo. G.<d or our
lal"ih i'-, r: ''■■■', [Ameno peaC'c in our heai .s,
1 "id at t'':ne altar; peaco on our red ait irs ami on
! 9iu- bliglited shores; peace for beleaguered <nUe« and
