3650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly 1,
Some of the money has to be refunded in two
cases where llie condemnation by the district
court has not been sustained. The sale took
place, but the condemnation is not sustained
in two cases in the Supreme Court, and there
has to be a restitution. The residue of the
money will be paid to the captors under the
provisions of this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ALEXANDER J. AXOCHA.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 488.
Mr. HOWE. I really thought the Commit-
tee on Claims was going to have some chance
this evening.
Mr. STEWART. This bill will take but a
minute or two. It is a private bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 488) to amend an act entitled " An act for
the relief of Alexander J. Atocha," approved
February 14, 1805, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes Alexander J. Atocha, in the pros-
ecution of his claim referred to the Court of
Claims by the act of February 14, 1805, to use
such portions of the evidence taken in pursu-
ance of the rules and regulations of the com-
mission established under the fifteenth section of
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo and laid
before the commission as consists: first, of
the evidence of persons since deceased ; sec-
ond, of the evidence of persons whose testi-
mony cannot with due diligence be obtained;
and also the official letters of the authorities of
Mexico on the subject of this claim. And such
evidence is to be received by the court, and
the court is to give it such weight as in their
judgment under all the circumstances it ought
to have.
Mr. STEWART. If any explanation is
desired I can give it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
Senator from Nevada tell us what this case is,
and upon what principles of law or justice it
proceeds. I remember the investigation that
was had about it in the Judiciary Committee,
and in which it was my misfortune to differ in
opinion from the Senator from Nevada, and, I
believe, from the majority of the committee, as
to the propriety of entering upon this species
of legislation, to declare that evidence which
is not legal evidence shall be used in trying to
assert a very old claim growing out of the
Mexican wa>-, that has been passed upon fre-
quently by the Senate, or once at least, and
adversely again by the Court of Claims; and
I should be glad to have the Senator from
Nevada tell us a little about the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to occupy
much time; but the Senate will understand
this case in a few moments. This bill proposes
to amend an act passed February 14, 1865.
In order that Senators may understand what
that act is, as it is very short I will read it:
_ ''That the Court of Claims be, and the said court
is hereby, directed to examine into the claims of
Alexander J. Atocha against the Government of
Mexico lor losses sustained by him by reason of his
expulsion liom that lepublio in 1845; and if tliey
shall he ot opim<m that tho said claim was a just one
against Mexico, when the treaty of 1848 was ratified,
and was embraced by said treaty, they shall then fix-
ami doterm.no tho amount of the same; and that
the loss or damage so sustained being adjudicated
and determined by said court, the same shall bo paid
to the said Alexander J. Atocha out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, however. That the amount so to be paid shall in
no ev out exceed tho balance of tho $.3,230,000 provided
by the fifteenth article of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo for the pajment of claims of citizens of the
United States against the Government of Mexico,
which still remains unapplied to that object."
This act was passed after a very careful con-
sideration and a report by Mr. Foster, which
explains the whole case. I will not go into
the merits of that case, or review the action
of the Senate in passing this act m 1805. If
that should become necessary I shall have to
call for the reading of the report made by Mr.
Foster, which is a very able and thorough one,
reviewing tho whole case on its merits. This
amendatory act simply provides for using cer-
tain evidence before the Court of Claims. The
case has not yet been tried before the Court of
Claims ; and on examination it is ascertained
that a large number of the witnesses have died
since their testimony was taken before the
Mexican commission.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to ask what the
claim consists of. What is the claim?
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Atocha was a citizen
of the United States, and the Mexican Govern-
ment expelled him from that country, whereby
he lost his property, and in making the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo the Government of the
United States provided that they would reserve
$3,250,000 for the payment of claims that
American citizens had against Mexico.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator from
Nevada be good enough to read that clause of
the treaty ?
Mr. S L'EWART. I do not understand that
the United States agreed to indemnify beyond
a certain amount.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator will allow
me to say this : the Committee on the Judiciary
did not go back to the merits of that. The
committee simply stood upon the law of 1865,
which said Mr. Atocha might prosecute his
case in the Court of Claims. Now, in support
of that case, the committee say that he may use
the evidence which has accumulated before
the commission.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that any reason for
not reading the treaty? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. The United States, to the
extent of $3,250,000, agreed to indemnify those
of its citizens who had been injured by Mexico,
driven out of that country.
Mr. POMEROY. How does the account
stand now ? Is there any of that money left?
Mr. STEWART. Yes; there is a balancc
remaining. The law provides that the amount
allowed in the settlement of this claim shall
not exceed the amount that was thus provided,
the amount of tho guarantee in that treaty.
This matter was thoroughly investigated at the
time of the passage of the bill in 1865. The
additional relief now proposed is only to enable
fhe case to be tried at all. Several of the wit-
nesses have since died ; some of them are be-
yond the jurisdiction of the court; and the
evidence proposed to be used was taken in
pursuance of the rules and regulations of the
Department providing for the commission.
The evidence was taken with great particular-
ity.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much is claimed?
Mr. STEWART. The law provides that
the amount allowed shall not exceed a certain
sum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much is claimed by
the claimant?
Mr. STEWART. I do not know. I did
not investigate that. I do not know anything
about the amount of the claim. I understand
it is much larger than the amount that can pos-
sibly be paid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Precisely; you are right
about that.
Mr. STEWART. But I do not propose to
interfere with that. Congress has already
passed on that question. The only question
now is whether the testimony of witnesses
since deceased and those who cannot be pro-
cured shall be used to carry out the objects of
the act of 18G5.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I feel it
to be my duty, as one of the minority of the
Judiciary Committee, although I believe there
is a lady or two in the case, and I trust the
Senator from West Virginia will therefore sym-
pathize with me 
Mr. WILLBY. I have no sympathy with
you now—none at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. To state what this case
is. This gentleman, Mr. Atocha, I believe, was
a naturalized American citizen. He chose to
cast his lot in Mexico. During the internal j
troubles in Mexico preceding the Mexican way
of 1846-47 he chose to enlist his fortunes on
the side of Santa Anna and his faction. The
Government in possession of the eountry ex-
pelled Santa Anna and his adherents for resist-
ance to law, as they claimed, and as in point
of fact it was. They were the Government de
facto. They expelled them as belligerents,
insurrectionists, disturbers of the peace; for
what we should call, if we were not a little tender
now-a-days, treason. Thisgentleman, undoubt-
edly, in the course of that expulsion suffered
injury. Most people who fail in treasonable
attempts do. fie was expelled.
Then came on the Mexican war with the
United States, which resulted in a victory to
our arms, as I hope all other wars will. In
the treaty of peace we received a certain strip
of Mexican territory, and agreed to pay to
Mexico a certain sum of money that we did
pay. We also agreed that we would indemnify
Mexico against the just claims of citizens of
the United States existing prior to the conclu-
sion of this treaty of peace, with a proviso that
in no event should the amount we should be
obliged to pay to the citizeus of the United
States exceed a certain sum—seven or eight or
nine or ten millions; I do not remember the
amount. The treaty also provided that in
order to ascertain what citizens of the United
States had these just claims against Mexico
which we had thus assumed a commission
should be formed, a special tribunal, to hear,
try, and determine upon the merits of these
respective claims. That commission was
formed. Notice was given and the claimants
appeared. Among others appeared this gen-
tleman with his claim.
Mr. POMEROY. What do I understand
the Senator to say his name is ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Atocha. This same gen-
tleman.
Mr. POMEROY. He is no American,
judging from his name.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He claims to be a natural-
ized American. This gentleman appeared with
his claim. The commission decided, upon the
evidence that he presented, that he was not
one of the persons embraced within the provision
of the treaty or entitled to share in this guar-
anty payment that the United States had
assumed on account of the facts and the cir-
cumstances under which he rested in the course
of his operations in Mexico. They therefore
declined to go into an investigation of the
detail, the quantum, or the intrinsic merit of
his claim, because they decided against him
upon this preliminary and jurisdictional fact;
and so he went his ways.
He afterward appealed to Congress, his claim
being, as my friend from Nevada properly states,
to come out of the balance of the §3,250,000
that is left unexpended of this guarantee that
we gave. He appealed to Congress. Congress
sent him to the Court of Claims. The Court
of Claims, upon a hearing of his case, decided
it against him upon the ground that the decis-
ion of this tribunal, to whom the matter was
committed, was conclusive, and therefore the
Court of Claims declined again to enter into
the detailed merits in the abstract.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; the Court of
Claims has never decided against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I>ring on the decision and
let us see whether it has or not. The decision
ot the Court of Claims was read in committee
when we were considering the case.
Mr. STEWART. You are speaking of
another case, the Chorpenning case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all. I remem-
ber the matter distinctly, unless I am much
mistaken, in which the Court of Claims de-
clined 
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; you are entirely
mistaken.
Mr, EDMUNDS. We can settle that ques-
tion of fact to-morrow when I get the report,
in which the Court of Claims declined to
entertain his case upon the ground that it had
already been determined, and he claimed, there-
fore, thathe was injured by the Court of Claims
