2626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May'm
out "they are" and insert " the Secretary of
the Interiorso as to make the section read:
Sec. [4] 5. And be it further enacted, That the unex-
pended portion of the appropriation heretofore made
by tho act of July 25,1866, for the purpose of build-
ing a jail in said District of Columbia is hereby con-
tinued and renewed forsaid purpose, andin addition
thereto such sum as shall be necessary to make the
sum of $200,000 is hereby appropriated out of any
moneyin the United States Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to be drawn by the Socretary of the
Interior; and the contract price shail bo paid in
monthly installments, according to contract, as tho
work progresses, upon the certificate of tho super-
vising architect having direction ot the work, except
that twenty per cent, of all estimates shall be re-
tained as security until the completion of the entire
work. It shall be the duty of said board to insert in
the contract all such icahoiiablo and usual provis-
ions, conditions, and safeguards ns th^y shall doom
necessary for the protection of the United States,
without specifying the same in the advertisements
for proposals; and tho Secretary of tho Interior is
authorized, after the new jait is completed, to sell at
public snle, on reasonable notice thereof, the mate-
rials of tho old jail, now located on Judiciary square,
and to pay tho proceeds into the Treasury of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fifth section, in the following words:
Sec. 5. Amlbcit furth<renacted. That after tho con-
tract for said jail shall be let. tho said board shall
select one of their number to superintend and direct,
undei the control and supervision of said board, the
workofsaidjr.il; and tho expense of said superin-
tendent, and of plans and specifications, shall not
excccd the rates that are customary for similar work
when done for individuals; and the puce of the
plans and specifications .shall be paid, when they
shall be approved, and that of the superintendent,
as the v. oi k progresses, on the order ot said hoard, out
of any moneys m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
seventh section, in these words:
Skc.7. And he it further enacted, That each member
of the board of commissioners shall reeeivc, as full
compensation for his services under this act, $1,000;
ami the sum necessary to pay the said board and the
architect is hereby appropriated, to be paid, on tho
order of said board, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated. A majority of the
said board shall have power to do anything which is
required of said boaid in this law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President, it may be remembered that this
subject was committed to a joint sub-committee
from the two committees on the Districtof Co-
lumbia of the House of Representatives and of
the Senate for examination in the first part of
the session. While they were examining the
contract for the building of a jail, the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds in the House of Representatives intro-
duced a resolution, which was passed, which
. authorized that committee also to investigate
the same subject. Afterwe lmd completed tiie
work of investigation, I was called away to
New Hampshire, and was gone three weeks.
When I returned I found that the Committee
on Public Buildings and Giounds had intro-
duced a bill and a report in the House of Rep-'
resentatives upon this subject. The committee
of which I am a member—the Committee on
the District of Columbia—met and considered
that report and bill, and concluded that they
were perfectly satisfied with (lie biil which had
been reported by the chairman of the commit-
tee, the Senator from Maine, or would be with
a few amendments which they authorized me
to propose. I therefore move in the second
section, third line, after the word u grounds "
to insert the words ''and the District of Co-
lumbia^' so as to read "that the committees
of the Senate and House of Representatives
upon Public Buildings and Grounds and the
District of Columbia,'*' &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
invi. tn mihcfit'nfntnowrvrd k</->r.rv-> nin-ri
I
'•committee'' in line fifteen of section three;
and after the word ''grounds," in the same
line, to insert tho words " and District of Co-
lumbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Tn
the ninth line of the fourth section, after the
word " section," I move to insert " may con-
tract with William H. Allen, whose agreement
under the law of July 25, 18615, is hereby set
aside, to construct the jail as stipulated in this
act, provided he will abandon all claims under
the former contract except for materials fur-
nished and work actually done, and will bind
himself, as hereinafter set forth, to complete
said jail on such terms as the board may deem
advantageous to the Government, but failing
in this they."
I wish tosayjnst one word in relation to this
matter which I deem it my duty to say. In
the report which was made to the House of
Representatives by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds there
are some pretty severe and serious reflections
made in relation to certain parties who were
connected with this jail, and among others
Mr. Faxon, who was the architect. 1 feel it
my duty to say that the testimony as it was
given to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia will not justify, in my judgment, the
severity of the remarks made in regard to Mr.
Faxon in this report. The report says:
"One witness, Mr. Gibbon, testifies that Mr. Faxon
made corrupt proposals or suggestions to liim, in
connection with the jail, and talked to him of 'let
ups,' ,tc. It is true Mr. i'axon denies much of what
Mr. Gibbon iias testified to ; but apart from tho fact
that. Mr. Gibbon, who is at present engaged in con-
structing the agricultural college, is a man of admit-
ted good character, tho circumstances detailed by
him, as well as other facts in the investigation, go to
corroborate his testimony."
Now, sir, I wish to say that the testimony
given by Air. Gibbon 1 think ought not to
weigh very heavily against Mr. Faxon, inas-
much as in the testimony which he gave-jje
stated that he himself had offered $13,000 to ,^exceedingly injured, if not ruined, if he does
Mr. Jiwing of this city if he would secure to
him this same contract; and a man who himself
makes proposals to other parties for a corrupt
contract certainly is not the party to reflect
upon other persons. 1 will say, furthermore,
that when this gentleman came before the com-
mittee he on one occasion was so intoxicated
that he interrupted all business in the commit-
tee, and we found it necessary to say to him
that lie must either keep order or leave the
committee-room. This is the gentleman who
reflects on Mr. Faxon's character as an archi-
tect and upon his moral character as a man!
Mr. Faxon is dead, and it seems to me it is
nothing more than justice to the dead that I
should say that this report is not borne out by
the testimony which was presented to our com-
mittee.
1 stated, sir, eaily in the session, when I
introduced a resolution asking that the work
upon the jail might be suspended for forty days,
that an individual had been before the com-
mittee stating that evidence would be placed
before the committee of corruption on the part
of certain Government officers, and that lie
intimated pretty strongly that the Secretary
of tlie interior was mixed up with this matter.
Now, sir, J feel that I ought to say that the
testimony, ulicn it was given before the com-
mittee, did not bear out that statement of this
gentleman. There was no evidence whatever
that the Secretary of the Interior practiced any
corruption or any dishonesty ij> letting the eon-
tract to Mr. Allen. The only point on which
the committee could reflect upon the Secretary
of the Interior, or even upon Mr. Faxon, was
that they threw out the five lowest bids on the
ground that they were irregular; and the ground
of irregularity was that the parties who made
the bids did not state the material of which
they would build the jail. In the specification
it was provided that the jail should be built
either of marble or of granite or of Seneca
stone, a kind of red sand stone; and in the
contract with Mr. Allen it was stipulated that
the jail should be built of Seneca stone, the
cheapest of the three kinds of stone. The par-
ties who made those original bids could have
been held to either of the kinds of stone if they
did not stipulate which they would build the
jail of in their bids : so that the committee did
not see that their bids were irregular. It was
recommended to the Secretary of the Interior
by Mr. Faxon, who was the architect of the
jail, that these bids should be thrown out,
because they were irregular; he acquiesced in
that recommendation of Mr. Faxon, and that
is the extent of his offending.
There was no evidence before the committee
that Mr. Allen was in any way derelict in the
securing of this contract, that he did anything
wrong or was in any way censurable; and it
seems but just that he should not suffer on
account of the setting aside of this contract.
He will probably come in for damages if he
does not secure the contract for the jail which
is hereafter to be built, and it will ruin him if
lie does not receive pay for what he has ex-
pended thus far on the jail. It seems, there-
fore, but just that if the Government can employ
him without detriment he should be employed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
the amendment now proposed. I accede to the
force of the suggestions made by the Senator
from New Hampshire in relation to it. I am
not satisfied, having read the report, that Mr.
Allen is m any particular fault in reference to
his work so far as he has gone. I do not know
how that is. There was an irregularity un-
doubtedly in the letting originally, and it lias
become perfectly manifest that that contract,
whatever may be the consequences, must be
broken up; that it will not do to build a jail upon
the place selected and of the character which
the first act provided for. Still Mr. Allen has
made all his preparations and has been at some
expense. I understand that he isvery anxious
to secure the contract now for the jail as we
propose to build it, for the reason stated by the
Senator from New Hampshire, that he will be
not secure the contract on account of the ex-
pense he has been at in his preparations, &c.
In addition to that, so far as we are concerned,
as we undertake from reasons of necessity to
vacate that contract entirely, it is very ques-
tionable in my mind whether Mr. Allen might
not have a pretty severe claim for damages
against the Government for breaking up the
contract. Therefore, if a new contract can be
made according to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from New Hampshire with Mr.
Allen on the terms stated—and I understand
that Mr. Allen is perfectly willing to give up all
claimsfor damages if he can have the contract—
if it can be made with him upon satisfactory
and proper terms, it is evidently very much for
the advantage of the Government that it should
be made with him, there being no dispute about
the fact that he is a competent person ; and it
should be borne in mind also that the jail is to
be built under the direction of a very compe-
tent man, Mr. Clark, the architect of the Cap-
itol extension, who will see that it is properly
executed. I think, therefore, it is no more
than right and proper that this clause should
be introduced ; that if the gentlemen whom we
appoint commissioners for the purpose can
make a proper contract with Mr. Allen they
shall do so ; if not, that they shall put out bids
for the completion of the work.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. Who are the commis-
sioners?
Mr. FESSENDEN". I will state. The bill
originally proposed the erection of a jail capa-
ble ot containing three hundred people for the
sum ot §200.000. That was the limit. It
became perfectly manifest to the committee
that it was impossible to erect a jail of that
size for that amount. It cannot be done. It
will cost not less probably than $300,000 or
$350,000. But a jail which is large enough to
accommodate two hundred people can be built
for the original sum of 5200,000. We there-
tore thought it better, and we agreed upon
that, and the chairman of the House committee
agreed to it also, that it was better to erect a
jail large enough to accommodate two hun-
dred people for §200,000, on apian that would
admit of extension hereafter, if it should be
i found necessary to extend it, without impair-
j ing the plan and proportions of the whole
building. We therefore made that alteration
I in the House bill.
