1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
to be paid, he may then, if he is uyured by
the quartermaster, go to the Court ot Claims
or come to Congress. It seems to me these
three tribunals are enough; but I do not mean
to argue the question now. I should really like
if there is anything doubtful about the law to
have it settled; anu if this matter is to go to the
Committee on Finance I will take occasion to
say now that in reference to the^ claim pend-
ing before the Committee on Claims no action
will be had until the law is settled*
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not propose to
go into this matter any further. 1 will only
say that if the idea of my friend from Wis-
consin U to prevail it will be* reversal of the
action of the Government for the tost fifty
years in reference to accounts, and will intro-
duce an entirely new Bystem. This is a sim-
ple question. All these accounts go by law—
there is do dispute abont that—to the Auditor
and the Comptroller. They must be examined
by those officers before the money is paid out,
for the reason that they examine the law par-
ticularly to see whether the amonnt is legally
due. The question is simply whether there is
a revising power or a mere power of refusal to
pay in the other Departments because they are
in "possession of the money or are to make the
requisition. That is the question to be con-
sidered. I ask leave now to send to the Chair
some papers to accompany the resolution, and
I move the reference of the resolution and
papers to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 78) authorizing and
directing the Second Auditor of the Treasury
to allow certain credits in the adjustment and
settlement of the accounts of a mustering and
disbursing officer therein named ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims. v
* Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. '208) to remit the duties upon certain
goods, wares, and merchandise destroyed by
tire; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
Mr. PATTERSON," of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 200) to incor-
porate the Evening Star Newspaper Company:
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
repobt8 or committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to report back certain
petitions of persons living ji the southern
States, praying for compensation for services
rendered as assistant assessors in that region
of the country, who were not able to take the
oath required by law, and to ask that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petitions, and that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia to
report back the bill'introduced yesterday by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] being a bill
(S. No. 201) to amend an act entitled "An act
to amend the several acts heretofore passed to
provide for the enrolling and calling out of the
national forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3, 1865. The committee think
it belongs to the Committee on Pensions
rather than to the Military Committee, and
therefore ask to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 213) to suspend further reduction of the
currency, reported it'jvith an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
same committee to report back the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 71) to suspend the opera-
tion of so much of the act approved Apru 12,
1866, as provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury may retire and cancel of United
States notes $4,000,000 per month, the sub-
stance of which is embodied in the amendment
to the preceding bill, and to move that it lie
on the table. !
The motion was agreed to. I
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee 1
on Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. !
No. 183) for the relief of William H. Harman, j
reported it without amendment. I
nmotira of public debt.
Mr, SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to submit a report, ac-
companied by a bill, which I desire to have
read twice at this time.
The bill (S. No. 207) for fundingthe national
debt and for a conversion of the notes of the
United States was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. The subject has been
under consideration by the Committee on Fi-
nance for some time, and while they are unani-
mously agreed in the main idea of the bill, the
funding of the public debt, there is more or
less difference of opinion in the committee with
regard to the details of the bill. While every
provision of the bill is supported by a majority
of the committee, it is due to the members of
the committee to state that upon various details
there is more or less difference of opinion,
which no doubt will manifest itself in'the Sen-
ate when the subject comes up. I do not pro-
pose to call it up until after the holidays; but
I present the bill now, accompanied by a scime-,
what lengthy report, for the purpose of enabling
Senators to study the matter, in order that we
may get the light of all the experience and in-
formation possible, both in the country and
from Senators, so that after the holidays we
may take up the subject and considerit maturely.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that the bill will
be read. It is not very long, I suppose.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not very long; but
it will be printed, as a matter of course.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw the call for
the reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the report
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that five
thousand extra copies of the report and bill
be printed for the use of the Senate, and that
motion, as a matter of course, will go to the'
Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred, under the rule.
greathouse and kellt.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of
Henry Greathouse and Samuel Kelly, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and I ask that it be now taken up for
consideration. This bill was passed by the
Senate by a unanimous vote after discussion
dnring the last Congress, dad was overslaughed
in the other House. It simply refers to the
Postmaster General to audit the accounts of
the claimants, which are well supported by the
evidence, and the proviso introduced when the
claim was before the Senate on a former occa-
sion, limiting the amount to be paid to about
one half of that demanded, is inserted. I trust
there will be no objection to the consideration
of the bill.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It is a
direction to the Postmaster General to adjust
and settle the claim of Henry Greathouse and
Samuel Kelly for canning the mails on route
16001, from Placerville to Idaho City, and on
route 16002, from Payettaville to Placerville,
in Idaho Territory, from July 1, 1864, to July
.1, 1865, and to award and pay such sum as
may be due in accordance with the principles
of equity and justice, but the amount allowed
is not to exceed $12,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee (jji tte
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
joint"resolution (H. R. No. 126) changing the
time of holding the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, have had the same under consideration,
and instruct me to report it back with an amend-
ment, and in consideration of the importance
, of thS subject to ask for present action by the
Senate.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to change the time of holding
the annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company for the choice
of directors from the first-Wednesday in Octo-
ber to the first. Wednesday following the 4th
day of March: and the stockholders are to
determine the place at which such annual meet-
ing shall be held at the last annual meeting of
the stockholders immediately preceding; but
it is to be held at either of the cities of New
York. Washington, Boston, Baltimore, Phil-
adelphia, Cincinnati, Chicago, or St. Louis,
j The amendment was to add:
And provided further, That on the election of
; directors herein provided for to take place In March,
A. 1). 1868, the terms of office of all persons then act-
ing or claiming the right to act aa directors of said
company shall cease and determine.
| The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the resolution to be read a third time; the
resolution was read the third time, and passed.
pbocebds op confiscated property.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the following
resolution, reported it without amendment, and
it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is requested to cause to be communicated a copy of
such instructions as may hare been issued for the
seizure of real estate, property, money, stocks, cred-
its, and effects of any persons by virtue of the act
of July 17,1862, entitled "An act to suppress insur-
rection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize
and confiscateHhe property of rebels, and for other
purposes;" and also a statement of all moneys re-
ceived into the Treasury on account of any such
property seized as aforesaid and condemned and con-
fiscated under the said act, inclading the title of each
case, the name of the original owner, of the purchaser
under decree of sale, and of the marshal, clerk, or
other officer by whom respectively the proceeds of
sale in each case may have been paid into the Treas-
ury, and the amount of money actually paid in each
and every case into the Treasury of the United States.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it Was
Ordered, That Etham Bay Clarke and Samuel
Ward Clarke have leave to withdraw their petitions
and papers from the files of the Senate.
freedmen's expenses.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer a resolution asking for
information, and I desire to have it considered
now.
Retolved, That the President be requested to fur-
nish the Senate with an aggregated statement of the
cost to the United States of the freedmen (excluding
the cost of any while in the military or naval service)
since the 30th of June, 1865, stating in separate aggre-
gate amounts the cost of the Freedmen's Bureau and
of the measures for the reconstruction of the States
lately in rebellion.
By unanimous consert the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to sub-
mit to the Senator from Kentucky whether he
will not enlarge his resolution by including the
refugees as well as freedmen.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the
Senator's modification if the will make that a
separate item. I do not "want the two subjects
mingled.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As this resolution
contemplates a statement of the entire expense
