1*868.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Williams,
Ho. of Reps.
spired by that message of liberty he writes that
immortal proclamation which shall go down to
posterity side by side with the farewell address
of the father of his country. Then the man-
acles fell from the limbs of four million human
beings, and the shout of jubilee went up to God,
and they went forth clothed with all the rights
of humanity.
But gentlemen on the other side tell us that
if we persist in this policy of forcing upon the
South the reconstruction measures it will sup-
plant the party now in power by the Demo-
cratic party, which will rise up and take pos-
session of the Government. Sir, I have no
fear on that score. They may by the cry of
high taxes and hard times attempt to make_ an
impression upon the people, but I have no fear
of this Government being placed in the hands
of the party that rose in arms to tear down the
citadel of liberty. It may be that in the city
of New York, that modern Sodom, and other
sinks of iniquity and gambling hells of pande-
monium, the arguments of the gentlemen will
take effect; but when you come among the
rural districts, where churches and school-
houses are found, you will find a moral, vir-
tuous, and intelligent people, who havestood by
the Government, and who are going to stand
by the great party that saved it when the proud
ship of state was swaying upon the waves of
treason, and when Democrats, with the drawn
stiletto in hand,sought to stab the Goddess of
Liberty in the back in her onward march of
advanced civilization. Sir, it makes no differ-
ence what parties may say. I believe that the
empire of our fathers must live coextensive
with time itself. God has planted this Gov-
ernment here as the great central orb whose
light shall radiate out to the despotic Govern-
ments of the Old World, and its oppressed mil-
lions will behold the scintillations of its light,
and, inspired by its shining glory, will rise in
their majesty and proclaim to trembling des-
pots that the day of their dissolution is near at
hand.
The gentleman from Now York, speaks for
himself. Hear him:
"Tho gentleman from Massachusetts [Miv Bout-
well] tried to alarm tho country by foretelling that
the Democracy, if reinstated in power, would undo
what tho Republicans have been doing; but I think
hewiit give joy to the country rather than alarmby
assuring them of that, lie instanced, to increase
that alarm, what the Democracy had been doing in
Ohio and in New Jorsey ; as to them he might havo
added New York. Sir, Ohio and New Jersey arc but
the beginning of the end. We intend to undo almost
everything that has been done for the last three years
by this and the preceding Congress. \V c intend to
change the present majority here, and to repeal all
the destructive acts which you now have in course
of reconstruction."
He tells us what his party will do when they
obtain control of the Government. He tells
us that they are going to wipe out all these
measures of reconstruction which have been
passed during the last three years. Sir, he
need not lay the flattering unction to his sonl
that they are eve'r going to got the control of
this Government. The loyal people of this
land have sworn a great oath and registered it
in heaven that none but loyal men shall rule
the country. But 1 suppose the gentleman
proposes, then, to repeal the law that gives
pensions to the widows of our soldiers. He
proposes to repeal the law to give bounties to
the brave defenders of our flag. He proposes
all that, and what else? Let me tell you. He
and his party will propose, if by any accident
they should ever get control of the Govern
ment, either to repudiate our national debt or
fasten upon this people for this generation the
payment of pensions and bounties to rebel
soldiers.
Let us seewhatthe Democracy say. I quote
the language of a Democratic candidate for
Congress in Virginia in 1865, under Andrew
Johnson's government there. He said:
"I am opposed to the southern States being taxed
at all lor the redemption of this debt, either directly
or indirectly, and if elected to Congress I will oppose
all suoh measures, and I will vote to repeal all laws
that have heretofore been passed for that purpose,
and in so doing I do not consider that I violate any
obligation to which the South was aparty. Wo never
plighted our faith for the redemption of the war
debt. The people will be borne down with taxes for
years to come, even if the war debt is repudiated. It
will bo the duty of the Government to support _the
maimed and disabled soldiers, and if the United
States Government requires the South to be taxed
for tho support of Union soldiers we should insist
that all disabled soldiers should bo maintained by
tho United States Government, without regard to the
side they had taken in the war."
That was the doctrine of the leading Demo-
crat in Virginia, and I say that it is to-day the
doctrine of the Democratic party of the conn-
try. If they and the rebels can get the control
of this Government they will surrender it into
the hands of its enemies, and pension the rebel
soldiers and their widows at the expense of the
great North.
Another distinguished Democrat, Colonel
Crocket, of Memphis, Tennessee, says:
"If tho Democratic party will sustain the policy
of President Johnson, within five years wo shall tfet
nil under the Government that wo fought for outside
during tho war."
That, sir, is the language of Democrats, and
I say it is the key-note to their party cam-
paign. That is what we may expect if they
shouldget into office under this Government. I
askyou, sir, will the great loyal people of tho
North, who sacrificed the lives of five hundred
thousand of the very jewels of their households,
and who are saddled to-day with the mighty
incubus of a public debt of $2,500,000,000,
consent to place tho ark of the covenant of onr
fathers in the hands of this party, whoseliamls
arc stained with treason, and who, if they
come into power, will lay this burden uponthe
people of this country, to bind them and their
children for a generation to come.
ill-. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I cannot be
interrupted at present.
Mr. MUNGEN. Cannot he? I guess not.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. There are
one or two other points to which I desire to
refer. The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Hiibbaiid] made a very remarkable speech the
other day, and I was glad to know that lie is
very frank. He declared in his speech, which
seemed to bo very highly appreciated by his
party friends, that if he had known that this
kind of legislation was to he the result of the
war, and that these acts of Congress would bo
passed, he would have shouldered his knapsack
and gone over to the other side. I infer from
that, Mr. Chairman, that if another rebellion
were to come upon the country now, growing
out of our endeavors to reconstruct this Gov-
ernment upon a loyal basis, he would be a
rebel. Have I a right to infer that? _ I _think
I havo from what the gentleman said iu his
speech. And I will say to him that while I
have no doubt that he is a brave man, and
during the war was, as he says, a loyal man,
a large majority of his party were on tho other
side. Thov were the first men who fired upon
the national flag. They were Democrats who
hauled down the national flag in disgrace from
tho towering battlements of Sumter and raised
up in its stead hell's hissing emblem, the ser-
pent. It was the Democracy which swore with
a great oath that they would pull down this
Government, builded by our fathers, and erect
another upon its ruins, the corner-stone of
which should be slavery. And further than
that—while the southern Democrats were in
rebellion, armed and bravely meeting the
loyal champions of freedom in the North in
the conflict of battle and clash of arms, where
was the great Democratic party? On which
side of the war were they? I propose to read
an extract to show where they stood. There
never was a victory won by the great Union
Army during the war that was eulogized by the
Democratic press. There was never a great bat-
tle imminent when the prayer of the Democratic
party went up for tho succcss of our arms.
Mr. GETZ. The gentleman is certainly in
error in making that statement. I know some-
thing about the spirit of the Democratic press
during the war.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I must de-
cline to yield to any interruptions. I propose
to show that during the war three hundred
thousand members of the Democratic party,
who were too cowardly to go on the other side
and fight, and too much opposed to the liber-
ties of this country to shoulder their muskets
and fight on the loyal side, organized a great
conspiracy to overthrow this Government. I
have the record of the military commission in
the Milliken ease, in which it is shown by Demo-
cratic testimony that three hundred thousand
Democrats took the oath of the "Knights of
the Golden Circle." The candidate, having his
hand on the Bible, is asked: " Do you believe
this to be the word of God, and do you believe
the present war now being waged against us to
be unconstitutional ?" Both being answered
in the affirmative, the candidate takes the fol-
lowing oath:
" I promise and swear that I will do all in, my
power to bring all loyal Democrats into this circlo
of hosts; and I furtherpromiae and swear that I will
do all in my power against tho present Yankee dis-
union Administration; so help me God."
There is the oath taken by three hundred
thousand Democrats of the great States of the
northwest, saying that they will seek to intro-
duce into their treasonable organization all the
Democrats they could. They went farther than
that and plotted to seize the arsenals at Camp
Douglas, Camp Chase, and Camp Morton, and
let loose twenty-five thousand rebels who bad
been captured by our troops in the field, and to
placc in the hands of those rebels the arms
thus stolen, iu order that they might pillage,
burn, murder, and destroy the property and
people of tho great Northwest. And yet this
party now tell us that they were all for the war.
i admit that a great many Democrats went into
the war, thousands of them, and that they
fought nobly. But that loyal element of the
Democratic party stands to-day with the great
Union party for the preservation of our liber-
ties and the perpetuation of the Constitution.
Some few, perhaps, after having won glory and
renown in the war for the Union, have gone
back and grasped hands with those men so
stained with treason, and who denounced them
during tho war as Lincoln hirelings and Lin-
coln hounds. Yet it is but another illustration
of the old proverb that '' The dog has returned
to liis vomit and the swine that was washed to
her wallowing in the mire."
Mr. MUNGEN. "Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I decline to
yield.
Mr. MUNGEN. Then I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. MUNGEN. My point of order is this:
The gentleman was looking in this direction.
[Laughter.] I went into the war, and I think
I did as much for the Government as he did.
Now, I want to ask him this question : [Cries
of "Order," "Order."] Does lie say that
because I now vote the Democratic ticket I am
a dog ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
tho point of order of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. MrxoEN".] The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Williams] will proceed.
Mr. MUNGEN. That is very nice. -
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. Of course I
make no personal reference to any gentleman
on the floor of this House ; I am speaking
generally. I was going on to remanc that
I; while these Democrats of the North to the
i! number of three hundred thousand met m dark
II and secret places to conspire against liberty,
ij there was another portion of them who were
li not in the war. There was a very large party
11 of them who, when the draft came, shouldered
