1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
The House bill provided for a commission
of three persons, consisting of Mr. Bowen, Mr.
Edmunds, our postmaster, andagentlemanwho
is a subordinate officer in the office of the archi •
tect of the Treasury Department, to select a
site and to make contracts and to do the work,
and to^ pay them a salary of $1,000 cach for
doing it. We thought that that was entirely
unnecessary. In the first place, we knew that
there would be great difficulty as to the selec-
tion of a site, and we thought the only way we
could settle that matter, without a quarrel all
around, was to have it selected by Congress.
We therefore thought that the Committees on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the two
Houses, to whom the subject lias been referred,
would be the proper persons to make the selec-
tion, and to them have been added, on motion,
the Committees on the District of Columbia.
I think they are large enough, and any site
they agree upon will, no doubt, be approved.
If we can agree upon a site on any of the pub-
lic grounds it will be such as Congress will
concur in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who, then, lets the con-
tract?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we provide that
the persons to prepare a plan and submit it to
the committees shall be the architect of the
Capitol extension, (Mr. Clark,) the architect
of the Treasury Department—both gentlemen
of high reputation and unquestioned integrity,
with whom we have had connection—and
General Michler, or whoever may have charge
of the public buildings and grounds. These
three gentlemen are to have the direction.
After the plan has been made by them and
approved by the committees, then the jail is to
be built by the Secretary of the Interior, under
the superintendence of the architect of the
Capitol extension, Mr. Clark.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Secretary of
the Interior let the contract?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; this commission
are to let the contract. It is provided that the
gentleman who is to oversee the building, the
architect of the Capitol extension, shall pre-
pare the working plans, but shall receive no
additional pay. I took pains to inquire of Mr.
Clark, and he said lie could do it as well as not.
He is already receiving a salary. He will have
time enough to attend to it and oversee and
direct the erection of the building. Thus we
save the expense of the salaries proposed to
be paid by the House bill, and we have plans
prepared under men of ascertained ability and
the building erected under a gentleman in
whom we all have confidence.
These are the alterations we have made in
the bill. As I said before, I talked with the
chairman of the committee on the part of the
House and told him what we proposed to do,
and he said he thought it was an improvement
of the bill. Whether the House of Represent-
atives will approve of this provision in regard
to Mr. Allen I do not know, but I think it only
just and proper. If agreed to, it may save the
Government a considerable claim for damages.
I understand that there is another case where
a contract was set aside because it was not
supposed to be let according to law, and dam-
ages to the amount of about forty thousand
dollars have been recovered in the Court of
Claims against us. I think the honorable Sena-
tor from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] knows something
about it; it was in regard to the Library. We
wish to avoid that, if possible ; but if we cannot
avoid it we must meet it. It is evident that
the plan hitherto agreed upon and the contract
made cannot be carried out.
Mr. HOV\E; Let me ask the Senator a
question. I wish to know who is to determine
whether a proper contract can be let with Mr.
Allen or not?
Mr. FESSENDEN. These commissioners.
Mr. HOWE. The architects?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The architects and
General Michler.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to be subject to
the approval of the committees.
Mr. HOWE. Have they discretionary au
thority to make such a contract with him as
they please ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have discretion
ary authority to make a contract with him not
exceeding the amount that is appropriated,
of course. If they cannot make one that is
satisfactory to themselves then they mustadver-
tise for proposals.
Mr. IiOWE. There is no restriction upon
their authority to contract with Mr. Allen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. None at all.
Mr. HOWE. But if they cannot contract
with him then they must let it to the lowest
bidder.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then tliey must let it
to the lowest bidder. We thought there was
no danger about that, because Mr. Allen will
know that if he does not submit proposals such
as are satisfactory and reasonable he cannot
get it and it will be let to others. For myself,
I have such entire confidence in the capacity
of these men to judge of what the building
ought to cost, and in their integrity also, from
my knowledge of them, that I suppose it would
be perfectly useless to have anybody to review
their decision. I think their decision is more
likely to be satisfactory than that of anybody
else. They are public officers receiving salary,
and their own reputation would be at stake, and
I think it is perfectly safe to leave it to them.
I do not know to whom an appeal could be
made from them with any prospect of doing
better^
Mr. CORBETT. As I was a member of the
committee of investigation on the subject of
this jail, I should like to make a brief state-
ment. As I understood it the evidence pre-
sented to our committee was that there were
thrown out from the bids as informal a bid of
D. M. Martin & Co. for $143,000; one from
C. H. Merrill for $150,000; one from Samuel
Wright for $154,000; one from H. Lamar &
Co. for $106,000; one from J. W. Parish &
Co. for $178,000; one from Francis A. Gib-
bon for $103,000, and one from Nicholas
Acker, for $195,000, all coming within the
limitation of $200,000 prescribed by Congress.
The Secretary of the Interior decided to let the
work out in detail, while the act of Congress
contemplated letting it out in an entire con-
tract to come within $200,000, and in that it
would appear that the Secretary of the Interior
did not act according to the contemplation of
the act.
The fact is, and I think it should be stated
in justice to Mr. Gibbon, although perhaps it
does not modify the statement of my friend
from New Hampshire, that Mr. Gibbon putin
his bid for $193,801, and after he ascertained
that the contract was to be let iu detail he
went to some lawyers whom he understood
had influence, and whom some others parties
had employed to obtain this contract, and
offered, provided he could get the contract lor
his bid of $193,000, to pay them $3,000. That
offer was made after he had put in his bid for
the work, and not previously. I thought it
due to Mr. Gibbon to state this fact.
Mr. JOHNSON. When this subject was
before the Senate several weeks since, seeing
by the report which was then before us that
reflections were cast upon the contractor, Mr.
Allen, I thought it proper to state, from my
knowledge of him after an acquaintance of
some ten or fifteen or twenty years, that 1 was
satisfied injustice had been done him; and I
am glad to hear that the examination which
has been made since by the committee, of which
the honorable member from New Hampshire
was chairman, has brought him, at least, if not
all of the committee, to the same conclusion.
The policy of this particular amendment
would seem to me to be obvious. As the cass
now stands, no one pretends that Mr. Allen
was to blame. The motive, and almost the
exclusive motive for abandoning the contract,
if I understand it, is because of the site which
was selected by the Secretary. There is no
reflection now upon the honesty of the con-
tractor. With the selection of that site he had
nothing to do; and if we now, as this bill
does, put an end to the contract after he lias
expended a, good deal of money iu preparing
to execute it, and has done a good deal of the
work, and has lost what—but for his engaging
in this work -he could have had, other employ-
ment in the erection of other buildings, he will
have, I think, a claim upon the Government,
and that claim undoubtedly he will attempt to
enforce, and the chances are, if the law is with
him, that very heavy damages may be the result
of a suit. 1 concur, therefore, with the hon-
orable member from Maine, as well as the hon-
orable member from New Hampshire, that
looking at it as a mere matter of policy, look-
ing at the interest of the Government, it is
very desirable that this amendment should be
adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not rise to object to
this amendment, iu fact I shall vote for it; but
to say that, from the testimony taken by the
Couimittee?on the District, of Columbia, I am
able to verify the statements that have hereto-
fore been made in relation to Mr. Allen. I
have not examined the testimony that may be
supposed to bear on other gentlemen whose
names have been mentioned, butl have exam-
ined that part of the testimony to some extent,
and I am satisfied that nothing appears that
disparages him as a gentleman and as a capable
builder.
The matter referred to by the Senator from
Maine is a little overstated by him. A con-
tract for constructing the library had been
made and was rescinded, and a new contract
let for a considerable sum of money less than
the original contract—I think some twenty-five
or twenty-six thousand dollars less than the
old contract—but I have learned incidentally
from the solicitor of the Court of Claims, that
the old contractor brought a suit in that court
and recovered about the amount of money
that was supposed to have been saved on the
new contract, about twenty-six thousand dol-
lars, I think; though the solicitor has taken an
appeal to the Supreme Court—the question is
not finally settled—and I am not of the opinion
that the contractor will recover, ultimately,
anything, though he may.
I do believe, however, that this contractor,
Mr. Allen, would be entitled to just compen-
sation for any losses that he may have sustained
on account of the change of the location of
this jail. I mentioned this when the subject
was up before, and I sustained the motion for
the inquiry and now sustain this bill, not. on
account of anything that appears in relation to ^
the contract or the manner of its execution,
hut purely because I think the location is not
a suitable one. It is too near the Capitol, and
I am quite sure that every Senator and member
would regret to see a jail erected on those
grounds. I therefore sustain this bill and the
amendment as proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
bo r in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concuned in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time ; it
was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAG1J KI'.OM Tiri; HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr, McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. It. No. 418) to change the name
of the ship Golconda;
A bill (II. It. No. 538) to extend the bound-
aries of the collection district of Philadelphia,
so as to include the whole consolidated city of
Philadelphia ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 278) to supply
books and public documents to the national
asylum for disabled volunteer soldiers.
"withdrawal or l'ai'ers.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the heira
