1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3651
not reaching its merits. Then he applied to
Congress again; and, as my friend from Nevada
states, the then Senator from Connecticut, Mr.
Foster, reported a bill which directed the Court*
of Claims to proceed to consider the case upon
its merits, to retry that which the commission
had once tried, waiving this question of juris-
diction for the time being, or rather waiving
this -estoppel from th-e previous decision, and
to retry ir upon its merits; to again consider
the question as to his relations to the reigning
powers in Mexico, and if it turned out that he
was one of the persons embraced within the
provifsions of the treaty upon this retrial to
proceed to administer to him that equity which
the merits of his case might entitle him to, not
exceeding the balance of the $3,250,000. I
am not mistaken about the fact, I venture to
assert with a good deal of confidence.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 think it is Meade'scase.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; itis not Meade's
case. [To Mr. Stewart.] Have you got Mr.
Foster's report?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me see it, if you please.
{Alter an examination of the report.] itdoes
not appear from this report whether the case
has been submitted to the Court of Claims or
not; but this does appear:
"After the board of commissioners had closed their
labors, many citizens of the United States whose
claims had been rejected petitioned Congress to re-
view the decision of thut board, and the Senate of
the United States appointed a special committee to
sit during the recess of Congress, with the power to
send Joi peisons and papeis, aud with instiuctions to
examine each case and report such as, in their judg-
ment, were entitled to relief.
"That committee. in discharge of the duty as^gned
tileiu, did investigate every claim which had been
piesenu-J to tsie Senate for relief, and in every case,
except tais of Mi. Atocha, reported definitively. In
his case no rcpoi l was made because of an equal divis-
ion of that committee upon title to relief, so that
th ia is the only case which has not received the super-
vision oi the Senate, and it thei eforc appeal's to your
committee t hat tor rhis reason, also, tho memorialist
is entitled to have his claim now investigated and
affirmatively decided upon by the Government."
This report does not show; but as I said
before, 1 shall turn out, in my own estimation,
to be very much mistaken if I cannot produce
to-morrow, or whenever this claim comes up
again, if it is not disposed of now, a decision
o? the Court of Claims on this question in which
they have decided what I need not repeat. But
it is immaterial to my present purpose to con-
sider whether that is correct or not, because if
the Court of Claims decided upon it, it was
merely upon the ground that the case having
once been decided by the commission they did
no*, feel uuihorized to reopen it.
When the act passed upon which my friend
rests this case it was supposed by Congress,
1 take it, that they had passed all the relief to
which the claimant was entitled; that is to say,
they permitted him upon the same principle
that they permit other suitors against the Gov-
ernment to appeal to the Court of Claims, and
try his case upon the same rules of law, upon
the same rules of evidence as to what should
be admissible and what not, that other claim-
ants against the Government are required to
conform to. Now, it turns out. two years or
three, whatever the length of time may be, after
this case has been sent to the Court of Claims,
that the claimant comes back here for further
and additional legislation which is not implied
in, or which does not follow as a consequence
fi otn that which the Senate did three years ago.
They only decided then that he had a sufficient
case to entitle him upon the ordinary principles
of proof, to try his cause in the ordinary way
in the Court of Claims. Now he asks us to
provide that the Court of Claims shall decide
it upon a new and different principle of evi-
dence, upon different proofs from those which
oi her claimants are obliged to produce; and
what is the fact upon which he claims that equity
over and above everybody else V He says some
of his witnesses are dead. That is a misfor-
tune of the claimant. Who knows but what
some of the witnesses on the other side are
dead ? The course of nature, 1 take it, operates
upoa all witnesses alilae ; and if some of the
claimant's witnesses have died, there is a fair
presumption thatsome oft'nose witnesses whose
testimony would countervail that of the claim-
antaredead, too. Others, it is said, are absent.
So may "be some of the witnesses on the other
side.
Now, itis proposed to supply witnesses to this
claimant in order to aid hmi take $8,250,000
out of the Treasury, and that upon proof which
the bill says may have been filed with this com-
mission. What is the nature of that proof?
Who are the witnesses? Who knews their
character and credibility now ? Who attended
to their cross-examination? Who produced
them before the commission in order that they
might be cross-examined and reexamined in
the furtherance of truth ? We know not; we are
in the dark about all that. It does seem to me,
Mr. President, that when this is a question of
$3,250,000in these timesitis worth while to bea
little careful how we go out of the ordinary and
universal rules of evidence and undertake to
supply the absence of proof to a claimant upon
the ground that we had before provided that
he might go to the Courtof Claims, and there-
fore upon the ground, as liis abettors say, that
we had agreed to furnish him with all the evi-
dence that would enable him to carry his case
through. That does not follow.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I regret
that the Senator from Vermont should find it
necessary in opposing this bill to make these
wild statements, to tell the Senate that there
are $3,2-50,000 involved in it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what you read.
Mr. STEWART. Three and a quarter mil-
lions involved in it 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. You say that is the sum
left.
Mr. STEWART. No; I do not say anything
of the kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood you to read
it so.
Mr. STEWART. I read the act of 1805,
the proviso to which is :
•" Provided, however. That the amount so to be
paid shall not exceed the balance of tho $3,250,000
provided by the Jiiteenth article of the treaty," &c.
I understand there is only about two hun-
dred thousand dollars, or a little less, left.
Three million two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars was the whole amount. This claim
never has been passed upon by the Court of
Claims I have investigated this claim and
know something about it. There is no such
sum as §3,250,000 involved in it. The Con-
gress of the United States gave this matter a
very thorough consideration three years ago,
and after ^ie speech of the Senator from Ver-
mont I do not know but it might be well to
have the former report read. I call for the
reading of the report that was made by Mr.
Foster, as this is reallyan important matter.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The report
will be read.
Mr. STEWART. After that is read I shall
have some other testimony to present. I think
1 am abundantly able to show that this is a
very meritorious case. Mr. Atocha is now
old and poor and helpless.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has that to do with
tins case V
Mr. STEWART. The fact that he has been
hardly treated by the Government of the United
States has something to do with this case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The fact that he is help-
less, if he is, does not help it.
Mr. STEWART. X call for the reading of
the report.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Foster on the^l9th of May,
1804, from the Committee on Foreign llela-
tioas:
The Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred tlie memorial of Alexander J. Atocha, pray-
ing that his claims a, ainst Mexico, disallowed by the
comnussioneis under the treaty of Guadalupe hi-
dalgo, may bo investigated, and, if l'ound just, paid
by the United States, have considered the subject,
and now report:
That said claim has been pending before this body
for some ten years past, and has always been regarded
; with favor by the committees who have acted upon
it. Your committee consider the claim to havesub-
stantial merits, and they adopt as their own, with
slight alterations, the report of a former committee
ot this body.
The memorialist was a citizen of the United States
residing in Mexico. On the 2 Ah of February,
he recoived from that government an order "toieave
the oily of Mexico within the period of eight days
for Vera Cruz, iu order to depart from the republic."
It appears that the memorialist at the time pro-
tected, through Mr. Shamum, the American minis-
ter, against tins order as a vie tat ion ot the treaty of
April 5, 18 1, between tUe United states and Mexico,
and notiiying the latter Government that he would
hold it responsible lor the losses he might siut&iu by
reason thereof.
Forced by this order to retire from the Mexican
territory within the poriod ot eight days, the memo-
rialist allego-t that he sustained great pecuniary loss;
and that he filed his claim specifying such loss. with
the vouchers sustaining the same, before the board
of commissioners appointed under the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, which he alleges was unjustly
rejected by that board, and ho therefore petitions
Congress for redress.
Believing that it would be dangerous to go behind
the decision of the commissioners, unless it should
appear that tbey had erred in tho law applied to the
case, your committee have examined with care th©
grounds assigned for an adverse decision m fbis-case,
and are satisfied that tho commissioners erred in the
law upon winch they predicated their decision.
The commissioners assume, in their opinion, that
the loss ol the memorialist, by reason ot his expul-
sion from Mexico, is established by the proofs tiled,
by him, and decide against tho validity of his claim
exclusively upon the assumption that the order of
expulsion was legal and pioper, because, as they
assume, of the complicity of the memorialist with
Santa Anna m his resistance to the Government de
facto in their efforts to depose him as the president
of tho ropublio.
The commissioners assume that the conncction of
the memorialist WJththepolit icalmovcmentsof Santa
Anna is established—first, by the fact that he re-
mained therewith Santa Anna until he wns Jorced
to abandon the Government and leave tho Mexican
territory; and secondly, because Mr. Shannon, the
American minister, md not reply to a communica-
tion of the secretary tor foreign affairs of Mexico, ia
which that olhoer, in acknowledging the rcccipt of
tho protest of the memorialist against the order of
expulsion, says that Mr. Atocha "was one of the
principal agents who wrought against tho Govern-
ment, as is notorious, and as liis excellency, Mr. Shan-
non himself, well knows."
The error of the first of these assumptions of fact
by the commissioncis is now established by the cer-
tificate of the officer having charge ot the archives
ot the Mexican Government, which states that Mr.
Atocha does not appear to have had any connection
with the movements ot Santa Anna: and by the let-
ter of Santa Anna himself, who, on the part of Mex-
ico, made the treaty of Guadalupe hidalgo, stating
emphatically that Mr. Atocha never had any polit-
ical connection witii him, and that he remained with
him by his invitation, because "in those times of
disorder and insubordination, ho could not separate
himself from imn without imminent risk."
The erior of tho second assumption of fact by the
commissioners is established by tho letter of our
minister, Mr. Shannon, in which he expresses the
conviction that tho memorialist was notm any man-
ner connected with the political movements oi Santa
Anna, and that he did not reply to the communica-
tion oi the Mexican minister lor foreign atlairs, not
because he knew the coirectness of his charge against
Mr. Atocha, but because tho memoiiahst hud left the
country beioretbe recciptof that communication, &Q.
hut, for the purpose of the argument, assume, con-
trary to tiie fact, rhut the commissioners were right
in saying that Mr. Atocha was connected wiih the
political mo vt mentsof Santa Anna, will it follow that
tho Government of Mox.co was authorized to issue
theoiderof expulsion against Atocha? The solution
ot this questiou will depend upon the construction
of the treaty oi 1831 between tne United States aud
Mexico.
The twenty-sixth article of that treaty was intended
to provide for the protection ot the citizens of the
two nations in the evont ot war between them, and
tho stipulation is: "'lhat if war should break oat
between the two contracting parties there should be
allowed the term ot six months to the merchants
residing on the coast, and one year to those lesidinjf
in the interior ol the States and Territories ot each
other, respectively, to arrange then busmen,dispose
of their effects, or transport tiiem wheresoever they
may please, giving them a sate conduct to protect
them to the port they may designate. Thoseeiuzens
who may be e&tabhauod in the State-* and territories
aforesaid, exercising nny other occupation or trade,
shall be pcimitted to remain in the uninterrupted
enjoyment of their liberty and property so long as
they conduct themselves peaceably, and do not com-
mit any oifense against tho laws; and their goods and
effects, ol whatever class and condition they may be,
shall not bo subject to any embaigo or sequestration
whatever, nor to any charge nor tax otn or Uian may
be established upon similar goods and effects belong-
ing to the citizens of the State in Wtnch they icsiue,
respectively ; nor shall tho debts between inuiviu-
uais, nor muueys in the public funds, or in public or
private banks, nor shares in companies beoontiscateu,
embargoed, or detained." _ , ..  
huring the late war with Mexico many citizens oi
the United States, wno were residing as merchants
in the tcrritoiy ot that republic at tue time war was
deciarcd to exist between the two countries, were
summarily expelled in disregard of this stipulation
of tho treaty of 1831, andmostof theclauns presented
