3652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July I,
to and allowed by the board of commissioners, ap-
pointed under tho treaty of 1848, were for damages
consequent upon such violation of the treaty of 1831.
The fourteenth article of the treaty of 1831 was
designed to secure to the citizens of the two repub-
lics, respectively, protection to their persons and
property in time of peace; and, after stipulating for
8WJh protection, the iwo Governments contract and
agree " that the citizens of -either party shall enjoy,
in every respect, the same rights and privileges,
either in prosecuting or defending their rights of
person or of property, as the citizens of the country
where the cause of action may be tried."
At the date of the order of expulsion of Mr. Atoeha,
Mexico and the United States were at peace with
each other, and it necessarily follows, in the opinion
of your committee, that for any offense with which
he may have been charged. Mr. Atocha was entitled,
under this article of the treaty, to be tried, and to
have afforded to him all the means of a fair trial
which are provided for in that article.
It seems to your committee to be also very clear
that the Mexican Government, under this treaty
stipulation, possessed no other or greater power to
Sunish a citizen of the United States domiciled within
er territory than she possessed to punish one of her
own citizens for a similar offense; and they are
advised that the Mexican Government did not pos-
sess, under the constitution and laws of that republic,
the power to expel a Mexican citizen without trial
for any offense. Indeed, the minister for foreign
affairs who issued the order of expulsion against Mr.
Atocha, in response to the letter of the American
minister which had inclosed the protest of Mr. Atocha
against the legality of the order, and his notice of
intention to claim damages for the losses which it
Would occasion him, says, " that his Government is
authorized by the laws and constitution of the repub-
lic to expel from its limitsnon-naturalizedforcigners
pernicious to the country."
For the reasons assigned, your committee are of
opinion that the expulsion of Mr. Atocha from the
Mexican territory was u violation of the stipulations
of the fourteenth article of the treaty of 18IU, and
consequently that he should have been awarded by
the board ot the commissioners organized under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo such damages as he
could show were sustained by him in consequence
of that expulsion.
Your committee are advised that of the $250,000
stipulated by tho fifteenth article of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo to be appropriated to tho pay-
ment of claims of citizens of the United States against
Mexico, the sum of about a quarter of a million dol-
lars still remains in tho Treasury, and consequently
to that extent the fund set apart for that purpose
still exists to indemnify Mr. Atocha, if ho can estab-
lish his claim by satisfactory proof.
Your committee have not deemed it their duty to
investigate the quantum of indemnity to which Mr.
Atoeha may bo entitled. And it being conceded that
he was and is a citizen of tho United States, they
have confined themselves to the inquiry whether
his claim was intended to be piovided for by the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and the affirmative of
this .question is, in their opinion, clearly demon-
strated by the papers and proofs in tho case.
Among the papers filed by Mr. Atocha your com-
mittee find the instructions of Santa Anna, then the
president of the republic of Mexico, to tho minister
of his Government, charged with the negotiation of
the treaty, directing him to have the name of Mr.
Atocha inserted in the treaty as one whose claim was
to be paid under its provisions, and they find other
and repeated recognitions of its justice as against
Mexico, from tho obligations of which that Govern-
ment claims to be released, solely because of the
release by the United States, in that treaty, of all
claims of its citizens against Mexico. We find that
Mr. Almonte, the accredited minister of that repub-
lic to this Government, was instructed to see that
this claim, 44 the most just of any which had been
presented," should be paid from the fund which
Mexico had provided by the sale of a part of her
territory for tho liquidation of claims of citizens of
the United States against her.
With the presentation of another view of this sub-
ject, your committee will close this report.
After tho board of commissioners had closed their
labors, many citizens of the United States whose
claims had been rejected petitioned Congress to re-
view the decision of that board, and the Senate of
the Unitod States appointed a special committee to
sit during the recess of Congress, with the power to
send forepersons and papers, and with instructions
to examine each case and report such as, in their
judgment, were entitled to relief.
That committee, in discharge of tho duty assigned
them, did investigate every claim which had been
presented to the Senate for relief, and in evory ease,
except this of Mr. Atocha, reported definitively. In
his case no report was made bccause of an equal divis-
ion of that committee upon his title to relief, so that
this is theonlycase which hasnotreeeivedthesuper-
vision of the Senate, and it therefore appears to your
committee that for this reason, also, the memorialist
is entitled to have his claim now investigated, and
affirmatively decidcd upon by the Government.
Youi committee, in accordance with these views,
have prepared, and submit herewith, a bill for the
relief of the memorialist, which directs that his claim
shall be investigated by the Court of Claims, and pro-
viding for tho payment of such amount as shall bo
found due him, provided that the amount so paid
shall not exceed the balance of the land provided
by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo which remains
unapplied to the objects of that treaty.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to have the
printed letters which I send to the desk read.
I have the originals here.
Mr. HOWE. I appeal to the Senator to
allow this case to go over.
Mr. STEWART. Let us hear something
about the case first.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I will not give way to an
adjournment until those letters are read. I ask
to have them read as a part of my speech.
Mr. HOWE. I really supposed that this
evening session was voted for the purpose of
passing upon some claims from the Committee
on Claims, and my table is covered with them;
cases which will lead to no debate and afford
a great deal of relief; but this case will evi-
dently occupy the evening, and not be settled
then. I wish the Senator would allow it to go
over.
Mr. STEWART. Let us have a few min-
utes longer. Let us have those letters read.
I ask Senators to listen to them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The paper
will be read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk. This paper is headed :
"Connection of Mr. A. J. Atochawith tho treaty of
Guada'upe Hidalgo, by which California and New
Mexico were acquired. Letters of Hon. Thomas II.
Benton, James Buchanan, and Robert J. Walker"—
Several Senators. We do not want those
letters read.
Mr. STEWART. If we can have a vote on
tbe bill I do not wish to debate it any farther.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have something to say
upon it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to propose an
amendment. I move to strike out the second
division. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all of the bill after the word " deceased,"
in line ten, in the following words :
Second. Of the evidence of persons whose testimony
cannot with due diligence be obtained, and also the
official letters of the authorities of Mexico on tho
subject of this claim. And such evidence shall be
received by the court, a.nd the court shall give it such
weight as in their judgment, under all the circum-
stances, it ought to have.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What I desire is to so
amend the bill as to permit the use of this evi-
dence where the witnesses are dead, and in the
next place to permit the official documents
before that commission to be used ; but as to
living witnesses I would not break down the
rules of evidence, and in this case I think there
is a particular reason. I do not know how the
fact may be, but I suspect that those papers
were ex parte; they were mere affidavits not
taken with cross-examination ; no representa-
tive of the Government of the United States or
of the Government of Mexico being there.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, they were. They
were taken under the rules which I jiold in my
hand, which requires the American consul to
act for the United States, and they were to be
taken before him, and he was to require evidence
of the character and standing of the parties.
They were taken in pursuance of the rules of
the Department.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not know how that
fact may be. They may have been taken before
the American consul, and yet there may have
been no cross-examination, no legal examina-
tion of witnesses; but, at all events, in a claim
of such magnitude as this I think we ought to
require the claimant, where witnesses are not
living, to examine them as all other parties in
courts of justice are required to examine wit-
nesses, whether in our own or foreign countries.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania whether, after all, when this
evidence is submitted, the court is not the
proper judge of its proper weight? I do not
understand this bill as authorizing it to be evi-
dence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly it does.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If you remove all the
rules of evidence and allow the court to admit
the parties to go before them and make theirown
statements, they might judge what they were
worth.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. I understand the
scope of this bill to be very different.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This bill is to relax the
laws of evidence.
Mr. NYE. I do not so understand.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire by my amend-
ment to relax them only in eases of witnesses who
are now dead and who cannot be called, and in
ease of official documents having sanction by
having been before that commission; bnt I
think it is a shocking proposition to allow a
party to read papers informally taken before
a consul or before any other authority where
the witnesses are now living.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I want to strike out- the
second clause, and ending before the reference
to the public documents.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have i«
reported, so that I can understand what the
amendment is.
The Chief Ci.erk. It is proposed to amend
the hill by striking out the word "first" in
line nine, and also by striking out in lines ten
and eleven the words "second, of the evi-
dence of persons whose testimony cannot, with
due diligence, be obtained so that the bill
will read:
That Alexander J. Atocha shall be, and is hereby,
authorized, in the prosecution of his claim referred
to the Court ot Claims by the act to which this is aa
amendment, to use such portions of the evidence
taken in pursuance of the rules and regulations of
the commission established under tbe fifteenth sec-
tion of tlfe treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo and laid
before said commission as consists of the evidence of
persona since deceased, and al3o the official letters
of the authorities of Mexico on tbe sstbiect of this
claim, &a.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend further
by inserting after the word " Mexico," in the
twelfth line, the words " which shall have been
obtained pursuant to the said treaty and the
rules and regulations of said commission so
that it will read:
And also the official letters of the authorities of
Mexico which shall have been obtained pursuant to
the said treaty and the rules and regulations of said
commission on the subject of this claim.
The treaty provides that application may be
made to the Mexican Government for these
official documents first. Then comesa proviso:
"Provided, That no such application shall be made
by or at the instanceof any claimantunless the facts
which it is expected to prove by such books, records,
or documents shall have been stated under oath or
affirmation."
The object of that was, as the Senate will at
once perceive, to enable the commission and
the authorities of the United States who had
got to pay this money to know the class of
documentary evidence that was to be obtained,
so that they could send out and get correspond-
ing documentary evidence which might rebut
it, or explain it, and so have notice of the
nature of the evidence that was to be obtained.
Now, then, if this man has obtained any offi-
cial letters from Santa Anna, who made this
very treaty, you understand, and was his friend
-—he was expelled with Santa Anna—which
were not obtained upon notice such as the
treaty provided, he ought not to be permitted
to use them; bnt if he wants them now he
should give notice in some way, so that the
solicitor of the United States could send out
and see that a full copy was obtained, and
copies of any other documents which would
throw light on it. I am sure my friend from
Nevada will not object to that.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know about that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it go.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I wish to say a
word or two more on the subject of the merits
of this case. I want to ask Senators to reflect
for a moment upon this, whether they believe
that if what is contained in this present bill
had been attached to the bill that was reported
in 186s it would have passed then. It ap-
peared that previous committees of the Senate
had been divided about it; and the ground
upon which the bill of 1865 passed at all was
that the very tribunal that all parties had
agreed upon to try this cause had merely made
