186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an error oflaw,and had decided the cause wrong,
because the law was different from what they
supposed it to be. Would the Senate, if the
language of this bill had been used, have
revived this cause twenty years after the com-
missioners, fairly selected, having no interest,
hearing this party upon his own proof, ex parte
papers and arguments, had decided that he did
not come withm the treaty? I wish to ask this
Senate if they would have passed this bill of
1865 with such an amendment as this, or de-
claring that he might try that question over
again and every other question, and that they
would permit him to use such testimony as he
had taken ex parte before that commission
who had decided against him, when no such
privilege was extended to the United States?
I understand my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] to agree with me that in his judg-
ment the decision of the commission, under
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and that the
committee of 1865 were wrong in deciding
that that commission made a mistake ; but he
holds himself bound by the act of 18G5 as
foreclosing that question, so that by the law
of 1865 it is to be taken that the decision of
that commission was wrong. The act of 1865
does not declare that the decision of that com-
mission was wrong by any means. It merely
sends the case to the Court of Claims, after
twenty years, to try it over again. Evidently,
the act of 1865 passed as strong as it could be
made for the benefit of this claimant consist-
ent with the sense of Congress; and the same
facts existed two years ago that exist now.
Having therefore got this relief, so to speak,
piecemeal, having got Congress to consent
that upon the regular provision of proof he
might go to the Court of Claims, he then turns
around two years afterward, after that is partly
forgotten, and says, "Now permit me to use
the proof that the law does not permit any
claimant in any court in the world to use,"
upon a claim, I beg Senators to understand
that in the judgment of my friend from Indi-
ana, and with proper modesty I may say my
own, and I do not know but all the members
of the committee agreed as to that 
Mr. STEWART. No i
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the judgment of my
honorable friend from Indiana and of myself,
the decision made twenty years ago was rightly
made. If we are to review all the decisions
which have been made against claimants by
commissions that the Government has ap-
pointed to decide their cases, after twenty
years, upon the ground that you can get a
majority one day upon a hasty argument m the
evening to decide that they had made a mis-
take in law, when the same persons might the
next day decide otherwise, and then, in addi-
tion to that, declare that evidence which no
court in the world receives shall be sufficient
proof for him, it seems to me it is making a
raid upon the Treasury that is a little too
strong.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Ver-
mont asks whether the Senate would have
passed the bill iu the form now suggested at
the time they passed the original bill. I sup-
pose the Senate intended at that time that the
case should be heard before the court. I sup-
pose they expected that this claimant would be
heard; and if they had known that there was
a technical obstacle in the way to prevent the
ease being heard I suppose they would have
removed it at that time.
The Senator talks about legal proof. The
testimony proposed to be admitted was taken
according to the rules of the commission and
with great particularity. The American con-
sul in Mexico appeared for the United States.
The parties were required to furnish evidence
of their character and standing before him;
but the testimony was not taken in a litigated
case. If it had been taken iu a litigated case
under the rules of evidence, if the parties have
since deceased, the evidence might be used.
It has been taken in this case by depositions,
and where the parties have died it might be
used. It has been taken with about equal
particularity. It is following the principle by
which you use the testimony of witnesses since
deceased in legal proceedings in many instances
where you would not use it if they were living.
It is following the well-known analogies of the
law, and it is carrying out the idea of the act
of 1865. That act is worth nothing without
this. Several of the important witnesses, whose
depositions have been carefully taken, are dead;
and I think, as the bill is now amended, the
chances are ninety-nine in a hundred that it
will be impossible, in the revolutionsin Mexico,
to find the other witnesses who are living in
order to obtain their testimony. Mr. Atocha
is a cripple. lie is sick and poor, and very
likely it will be out of his power at this time to
get the testimony of the witnesses whose testi-
mony has been once taken. The amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania has prob-
ably placed it out of his power, if the bill
passes; but certainly allowing the testimony
of witnesses since deceased to be used is fol-
lowing nothing but the analogies of the law.
It is perfectly in harmony with the spirit of
the act of 1865 when it was passed.
Mr. DRAKE. So far as the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Vermont would influ-
ence the mind of the Senate, when he declares
that this evidence which it is sought to be
allowed to be used is such as no court would
allow to be used, perfectly ex parte in its char-
acter, I beg leave very respectfully to correct
him. The law of the United States as it has
stood on the statute-book, I think ever since
1789, authorizes depositions in evei-y civil case
pending in any United States court to be taken
without notice to the opposite party where the
place at which the depositions are to be taken
is more than one hundred miles distant from
the place where he resides.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this evidence is admis-
sible now, what is the use of this bill ?
Mr. DRAKE. The simple ground of its
inadmissibility is, that it was not taken in the
pending case. But, sir, in a United States
court to-day, if the United States sues an indi-
vidual, that individual may go to the furthest
end of the nation and take the deposition of
a witness there, without giving notice to the
United States at all, and have that deposition,
taken ex parte, and having no higher character
than a mere affidavit, read on the trial of the
case in virtue of the law of the United States
regulating the matter; and that is just the
character of the testimony which it is sought
to give this man the benefit of in the case of •
witnesses who have died or whose testimony
cannot now be procured ; and yet the honor-
able Senator from Vermont says that that is to
let in testimony in this case such as no court
in the land would let in in any case. I beg
leave to state that the Senator is mistaken in
his facts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Missouri
confesses that this testimony would not be
admissible in any court. He admits that; and
yet he turns with the air of Paul to one of the
youngest of the disciples, and tells me that I
am mistaken in saying that no court in the
world would admit this testimony. It is the
very fact that no court in the world will admit
it that makes it necessary for this claimant not
only to carry a law through that gives this
court jurisdiction, but to require it to decide
without evidence, or upon such evidence as
the claimant pleases to produce. That is the
fact about it; while it does not give any such
privilege to the United States. The United
States is to find its evidence the best way it
can. If the United States has taken any testi-
mony that is on file anywhere, the Judiciary
Committee, in its supreme wisdom, inasmuch
as this man is a cripple, 1 suppose, as it is
said, concluded it was best to debar the United
States from having the same privilege that the
claimant had. They only provided that this
'' new wrinkle'' of law that my friend from
Missouri is so fond of should be used for the
benefit of theclaimantand nobody else. If that
is the kin d of 1 egislation to pay away the people's
monej', then I am opposed to it; that is all.
My friend from Nevada says that this gen-
tleman is poor. I do not know but that heis;
I take it for granted. He says he is a cripple.
I dare say he is. There are many poor men
and many cripples in the country, Mr. Presi-
dent, who have to pay taxes, and whose hard-
earned dollars have got to pay just such claims as
this. I am in favor of leaving the money, until
a case is made out on the ordinary proofs, in
the hands of the poor men whose sweat has to
produce it, rather than to have them pay it
out for the benefit of this claim.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On investigation of
this case before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary I agreed with the Senator from Vermont
that the report of the committee in 1805 did
not establish a case. I was not satis ed that
there was a claim due this man Atocha; but I
think that question was settled by Congress in
18C5, that it was such a claim as ought to be
heard in the Court of Claims.
The only question now presented to Con-
gress is, whether we will allow some evidence
already produced to be read which cannot be
read under the existing law. This evidence,
as it is now guarded in the bill, it seems to me
will not endanger the interests and rights of
the Government. I am willing to vote for the
bill as it is now framed, although I think, as
the case now stands, the Court of Claims will
decide against the claim unless a different case
is made out from that which was made before
the committee when Senator Foster made his
report.
I do not exactly feel as the Senator from
Vermont does on this subject. I do not feel
that this is paying money out by the Government
of the United States. We agreed with Mexico
in the treaty for the payment of certain moneys
and reserved three million dollars and more
to pay the claims of citizens of the United
States against the Government of Mexico. We
retained the money in our own hands. The
question is whether we will pay this claim, if
the Court of Claims should so find, not out of
money due the United States exactly, but out
of moneys retained by the Government accord-
ing to the terms of the treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you contend that if
we do not pay this to the claimant we shall
have to pay it to Mexico?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a question that
need not be settled now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend for his
opinion, because we considered that in the
committee, I remember, in connection with
the treaty.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It stands just thus:
the Government of the United States agreed
to pay Mexico $10,000,000, as I now recollect,
for certain considerations; but in the treaty
the Government of the United States retained
$3,250,000, and became herself the paymaster
to her own citizens of claims against the Gov-
ernment of Mexico. The moueyshe retained
was not her own, but money that she had agreed
in other provisions of the treaty to pay to Mex-
ico. She was the trustee to both Governments
for the payment of the claimants who were
citizens of the United States against the Gov-
ernment of Mexico. Suppose there had been
no claims presented against the Government
of Mexico at all, and no portion of that
$3,250,000 had been paid out by the United
States upon claims against Mexico, I ask the
Senator from Vermont would we have retained
that ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; we should have
retained it, clearly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not sure that we
ought.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me read the treaty,
and you will agree with me.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In a moment. I do
not care much if Atocha gets something out
of that money. I think it is really a question
between him and Mexico, whether _we, as
trustee under that treaty, shall pay this claim
to Atocha for a wrong which he claims the Gov-
ernment of Mexico did him, he being a citize*
of the United States. I do not care it the
