1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Contraction of the Currency—Mr. Sprague.
Senate.
the last in October, contraction to that extent
continues, less, perhaps, $20,000,000 three per
cents. heretofore authorized yet unsold, pro-
vided Government can make sales of them,
but which, in the present condition of trade and
finance, I doubt its ability to do. I wish the
Senate realized as I do the exact condition of
the disturbed condition of the people's inter-
ests. It is no flimsy or temporary difficulty, that
without congressional action will speedily pass
away; and the important question, what is
the real difficulty and what is its cure, must
now be answered. In the wise disposal of the
currency much will depend of our measure of
prosperity or adversity. Matters of taxation
and expenditure must be adjusted to the lowest
sum compatible with our obligations, and the
strictest economical administration of public
affairs. The power to increase the currency
up to the requirements of the Government and
the demands of business is indispensable. By
it we may yet save our remaining resources,
and through it arrive at a more speedy resump-
tion of specie payments. You cannot, how-
ever, expand your currency through increased
issues of Treasury notes. These notes to-day
are, as I will show, the great enemy of resump-
tion.
Contraction of Treasury notes reduces the
means of general speculation. The evil of
contraction here is that it is capital that is
reduced, when it costs so much to procure it.
Treasury notes of themselves have no life, and
must be forced to be active. There must be
an attraction to the source of issue for cur-
rency to benefit trade or industry; for no issue
can arrive at this condition unless by the instru-
mentality of the people, and then ouly through
their industries. One dollar of active currency
is better than five dollars or even any larger
sum that, from its nature or otherwise, is inac-
tive^ An active currency spreads throughout
and is beneiicial to whole communities. An
inactive currency benefits the one only who
uses it as an operating power ; and not that
one unless his use of it bring profit to himself.
One has constant life-giving properties, the
other exhausts itself after the first operation.
The real object of currency is to represent
capital, and to promote movement among
material things. The capital represented is not
gold exclusively, but gold if you have it, and
houses, barns, factories, public improvements,
or national possessions. It is peculiarly an
American necessity when we consider that we
have more property and less money. That is,
capital in the form of property and not in the
form of money. By means of currency, or
capital represented by paper, we are to bring
our capital in property equal to other peoples'
capital in money. By means so simple aud
sate we are to secure a representative of our
capital, which is the presence of capital itself,
and by which we will be able to build more
houses and factories, clear more farms, and
thus continue to give employment to labor. If,
like greenbacks, with no return power and no
life, and tending to centralization, it has no
value as a currency or a representative of capi-
tal. It is capital itself, the same as houses and
lands are capital. We try to create a distinc-
tion between Treasury notes and five-twenty,
ten-forty, and other interest-paying securities,
by classing the first as currency, the other as
property. There is no such distinction, in
fact; all are property; and the difference is,
one pays no income to the holder, while the
others do. In my judgment you may issue a
million Treasury notes to-day, and sell them
in our market without Government or people
deriving but a temporary relief. In fact, the
issue becoming property a surplus and ail
overstock would reduce its value, and through
it the value of every other public or private
security; besides, it is the poorest kind of
property. You caniiotgetanincomefrom.it
so long as you hold it; hence you are tempted
constantly to speculation to obtain that which
you cannot obtain without. Like chaff in a
bed, every stir up sets it floating in the air, to
settle again lifeless and. useless. Not so a cur-
rency performing its legitimate office of an
active and distributive circulation. This I can-
not easily place my hands on ; the other I can
Buy. I then operate with it as rapidly as pos-
sible, otherwise, and as long as I hold it, I lose
interest on my money. The seller feels as I do.
He also makes an effort to relieve himself
of them, and everybody avoids holding Treas-
ury notes.
Concentration takes place when they are again
brought into operation, where the chances
favor profitable returns. Pay off, if you will,
your national debt in greenbacks. Let the
present holders of your securities take your
issues. He will hold them so long and no
longer than to turn them into interest-bearing
securities or property. Whose securities or
property ? The people's property, of course—
yours and mine; because it is only here in
this country that the issues would pass at all.
Here, then, we have a measure that is advo-
cated in the interest of the people that first
takes their property, through which a living was
procured, and leaves with them a property that
pays nothing.
Ilow long, I ask, would a property retain its
value, or any value, that pays no income and
which nobody wants? If such a,measure was
proposed1 by a tyrant the outrage would ap-
pear plain to all, as it is advocated in the
interest of the people, and though their prop-
erty is to be the sacrifice the deceitfulness of
the proposition is not discovered.
Here, again, the people are true to them-
selves; fhej' seek relief from impending servi-
tude ; lliey accept the defense that appears best,
seek the same object through a cheaper and
safer method, more honorable aud certain of
success.
The people, through their industries, is the
only power that can promote general distribu-
tion of capital or its representative currency.
When, from the prostration of those industries,
the power ceases to act, concentration of capi-
tal prevails, then speculation begins. This is
the condition of your monetary affairs to-day.
When there is insufficient capital, or when it is
scattered as ours is, money if generally dis-
tributed becomes cheap. When general distri-
bution prevails, outside calls for capital become
of course less aud less ficyueut. In pioportion
to this decrease more and more favorable prop-
ositions are made from those who command
capital to those who employ it. '1 his comes in
form of lower rates of interest and less valuable
securities. This, for the time being, gives
money to a whole country at a lower rate of
interest on the principle of the action of a tiller.
Its slightest motion changes the course of the
largest vessel. How important, therefore, for
the whole country, to wisely ami fi rmly control
in the people's interest this sensitive and con-
trolling point.
The absence among the people of this distri-
butive machinery and the neglect of Govern-
ment to concentrate its scattered resources and
to operate them in its own defense, is one of
the real causes of our present difficulties. The
banker, the broker, and the operator will not
give tins counsel, for if such should prevail his
occupation is gone. Hence, from the begin-
ning until now, he has given the opposite and
false direction to your monetary affairs. The
absence of distribution, which is the character
of the greenbacks, renders resumption of specie
payment through their agency clearly impos-
sible. Your determination to resume it at a
stated time would bring the whole issue upon
you for gold payment, because it is a com-
modity waiting purchase and in any sums.
Here, at just this point the Treasury policy has
rested all its hopes of resumption to be utterly
and irretrievably blasted, and carrying down
with those fond hopes most of the people's
industries.
The circulation that has been most useful to
this or any country, in my judgment, is that
which rests on property. It is steadier and
less liable to fluctuation than coin. If coin,
you are liable to lose it in the process of trade,
and again it accumulates. The accepted opin-
ion favors coin. The currency as well as the
capital that has built up and sustained the in-
dustries of my State has had no coin as a basis
for its solvency. The currency .came from
banks having for capital the obligation of the
people, property-owners, in form of notes, ac-
ceptances, drafts, and the like. These banks
were but. departments of the industries of the
State, tributary to, dependent on, and useful
only as they promoted those interests. Few
of those interests would have had being except
through the agency of these institutions. There
never was more than one to two per cent, of coin
in their vaults. I have come to this conclusion:
that gold, as a basis of currency, is as the mid-
dleman to the trade of a country, exacts trib-
ute, increases cost to the consumer, but adds
no value or safety for the cost. While it is
idle interest is lost, and that is the people's
loss. Besides, you employ two representative
mediums. This is false economy. The gold
may be stolen. It certainly fluctuates. Prop-
erty—or its paper representative, in the form of
notes, &e., of the people—is not so easy to take
to itself wings and to fly away.
Currency is to capital in banks what banks
are to property, the industrial interests and the
trade of a people—the motive power; aud, like
all those powers—steam or water for instance—
when acting under direction and control, is
performing wonders unknown andunthought of
in past ages; but when that direction and con-
trol are lost there is a common ruin for all. Let
financiers pause here and consider. The asser-
tion that the bank issues of Great Britain are
all based on coin is an error. The Bank of
England alone issues one hundred million of
our values on property other than coin, and so,
also, is the case with her other banks. Besides,
and in addition, every deposit of coin calls for
a corresponding issue in paper. I would not
speak of this point as a defect did I imagine my
words would influence a change. I hope through
this very defect my country will one day com-
mand the money market of the world, as you
will presently see how unsafe and crude it is to
place your reliance on gold.
W hen, through the process of trade, the drain
of gold is into England these issues commence
and continue as the drain continues, produc-
ing an increasing ease on the market when the
market is, perhaps, perfectly easy.- On the
other hand, the drain is out, the issues are at
once called in, no matter bow occupied, and
a scarcity calls for still greater scarcity. If
the dr^iin continues long enough every pound
goes out and every issue is canccled, and the
public must break, unless through the action of
Government additional issues are authorized
and gold purchased. As an illustration, a few
months since a condition of things existed as
T have stated. The people of England were on
the eve of general bankruptcy. New issues
were authorized and gold was purchased by the
bank of the Treasury of the United States at
thirty per cent. Thus England was saved by
t the gold in our Treasury, as the suddenness of
! the difficulty gave no time to purchase else-
where ; and as a reward for our magnanimity
she forced gold up on us to fifty per cent, not
a week after. Who, I ask, counseled this blun-
der? We, saving from failure our greatest
rival, and the depreciation of our securities,
and at a cost of twenty per cent, in gold. Bear
in mind just here that I condemn our policy
with but one view, and that is to inaugurate
a new policy that will save our people, so they
may have heart to continue the great woib
God has called them to perform.
