1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
articles reported against him by the committee ;
and, if so, is lie guilty in manner and form as
specified in the articles?
The first article exhibited against him in
substa,nce charges him with a violation of the
Constitution and laws of the United States in
the issuance of an order for the removal of
Edwin M. Stanton from the office of Secretary
of War for the Department of War, he having
been duly appointedand commissioned, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, as
such Secretary, the Senate of the United
States being at the time in session when the
order was issued. The Constitution declares
that "the President shall have power to fill up
all vacancies that may happen during the re-
cess of the Senate, by granting commissions
which shall expire at the end of their next
session." Can it be pretended that this clause
of the Constitution gives to the President
power to remove a high officer of the Govern-
ment for the purpose of making a vacancy
while the Senate of the United States is in ses-
sion and ready to act upon any nomination
which he might choose to send them for the
position held by the Secretary of War or any
other official position?
The President exercised his constitutional
ami legal right during the summer when he
suspended the Secretary of War, and accord-
ing to law, when the Senate convened, he
notified them of his action, with his reasons
therefor. But when the Senate had said to
him, as they had the legal right to do, that his
reasons for suspension were not sufficient, and
the .Secretary had taken his place again accord-
ing to law, while the Senate remains in ses-
sion it is a clear violation of law and the
Constitution for the President to resort to any
other mode to get rid of Mr. Stanton from the
War Office than by the nomination of some
other man and the confirmation of the nomi-
nee by the Senate. ITis action in the at-
tempted removal of the Secretary of War was
a violation of the Constitution, and such a vio-
lation as cannot be excised upon any pretext
whatever.
But, sir, this does not rest alone upon the
Constitution. In March, 18G7, Congress passed-
the act known as the act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices. That act declares that—
"The Secretaries of State, Treasury, War, Navy,
and Interior, the Postmaster General, and Attorney
General shall continue in office during the term of
the President by whom they are appointed, and for
0110 monl h thereafter, subject to removal by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate."
"By and with the advice and consent of the
Senate." What does this mean ? It means that
the President shall not have the legal right to
remove either of the named officers, except in
the mode of suspension, in the absence of the
Senate, marked out by the law, and by nomi-
nating other men for the positions when the
Senate is in session, leaving the question of a
change of men in the positions with the judg
ment of the Senate.
But, says the President, the law does not
apply to this case ; Mr. Stanton is not my ap-
pointee. How is this? The language of the
[aw is that these men are to continue in office
"during the term of the President by whom
they are appointed, and for one month there-
after." The present President has no presi-
dential term of his own, and I trust in God, for
the good of the country, he never will. He is
serving out the term of the late President. Lin-
coln, and that term does not expire until the
4th of March, 1869, and in one month after that
the then President, whoever he may be, will
have the right to appoint a new Secretary of
War.
Sir, the President is justly charged in the first
article reported by the committee with a viola-
tion of the Constitution and also of the law,
and the article should be sustained by the
House. .
The second article charges, m substance, that
the President violated the Constitution and the
law in appointing Lorenzo Thomas to be Sec-
retary of War ad interim, the Senate of the
United States thenbeing in session. As I have
before said, there is no warrant in the Consti-
tution authorizing the President to make such
appointments while the Senate is in session..
In the presence of the Senate he had no power to
do anything in the premises other than to nom-
inate another man for the office, which he after-
wards did, by sending the name of Bwing to the
Senate. The second article, in my judgment,
correctly charges him with a violation of both
the Constitution and tenure-of-otfice law.
The third article charges him with a viola-
tion of the Constitution and law, he having
appointed Lorenzo Thomas to be Secretary of
War ad interim, the Senate being iu session,
the appointment being made without the advice
and consent of the Senate, and there being no
vacancy existing in the office of Secretary of
War.
The fourth article charges him with a viola-
tion of the Constitution and laws and with
bemg guilty of a high crime in office, iu that he
did unlawfully conspire with Lorenzo Thomas
and other persons, by intimidation and threats,
to hinder and prevent the Secretary of War
from holding his office.
What is the law which the President violated
as charged above? The act of Congress, called
the " conspiracy act," which became a law dur-
ing the summer of 1801, provides as follows:
" That if two or more persons within any State or
Territory of the United States shall conspn e together
to overthiow or to put down ui to destroy b*y force
the Government of the United States, or to levy war
against the United States, or to oppose by force the
authority of tho Government of the United States,
or by force to prevent, hinder, or dehiy the execution
of any law of the United States, or by force to seize,
take, or possess any property of the United States
against the will or contrary to the.authority of the
United States, or by force or intimidation or ttireat
to prevent anypcrson from accepting or holding any
office or trust or place of confidence under tho Uni-
ted States, each and every person so offonding shall
be guilty of a high crime."
What are the facts ? The President, on the
21st day of February, 1868, by writing, author-
izes and empowers Lorenzo Thomas to act as
Secretary of War ad interim, and to lake pos-
session of the records, books, papers, and
other property then in the custody of Mr.
Stanton, the iegal Secretary of War. What
was the object? It was, sir, by force to get
possession of the Department, believing, as
the Senate had not sustained him in his sus-
pension, it was the only mode by which he
could oust the Secretary from his position.
If the President had not entertained such a
purpose he would have relied upon the usual
mode and left it with the Senate to determine.
'The facts show, in my judgment, conclusively
that he determined to make one bold move-
ment, in disregard of the Constitution, the law
of 18(31, and the law of 1807, believing that by
so doing he would drive the Secretary of War
from Ills post of duty, get his man whom he
was using to accomplish liis unlawful and rev-
olutionary designs into the office and in pos-
session of the archives and property of the
Government, and then place himself upon the
defensive and take his chances on the question
of impeachment.
Sir, it was a bold movement. The violation
of the law and Constitution was too flagrant;
the man whom he expected to scare and drive
away he did not scare. As in the perilous days
of the rebellion, when the stars and bars could
be seen upon the hills of the Potomac, and
when the rebel cannon could be heard as they
belched forth destruction upon the battle-fields j
near by, hestood firm by his post, in obedience '
to the Constitution and the statute laws of the
country.
The fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth articles
charge him with a conspiracy with Loienzo
Thomas to get possession of the office of Sec-
retary of War and the pioperty of the United
States with the intent to violate the law of the
LTnited States regulating the tenure of civil
offices. I have not time to refer to them as
particularly as I would like. They all rest
upon the same state of facts, and, in my judg-
ment, should be sustained by the House.
The ninth article charges him with a viola-
tion, of the Constitution and laws, in that he
appointed Lorenzo Thomas Secretary of War
ad interim, while the Senate was in session with-
out their advice and consent, there being no
vacancy in said office, and with intent unlawr
fully to get possession and control of the dis-
bursements of the money appropriated for tho
military service and for the War Department,.
Mr. Chairman, I am not advised by the actual
testimony as to whether this charge can be sus-
tained or not. But, sir, I am informed that
the President attempted at once, upon the is-
suance of the order to Thomas to take posses-
sion of the Department, to control all, or some,
at least, of the other Cabinet officers, in pro-
curing a recognition of the bantling which he
tried to nestle in the office of Secretary of War.
He failed in that, however, and to-day there is
no man in the nation, so far as I know, except
Andrew Johnson, who, by any sort of sophistry,
can reason himself into the belief that Thomas
is Secretary of War in law or fact, or that Ed-
win M. Stanton is not the Secretary of War,
or that he has not the legal right so to continue
to be.
Mr. Chairman, we now come to the last and
tenth article reported by the committee—what
of it? That article charges Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, with having,
on the 22d day of February, 1868, committed
a high misdemeanor in office, in that he did
on that day advise and instruct William H.
Emory, a general in the Army of the United
States, and actually in command of the de-
partment of Washington and of the military
forces thereof, that a part of the law of the
United States, passed March 2, 1807, was un-
constitutional and in contravention of his com-
mission, and not binding upon said Emory, with
the intent to induce said Emory to violate its
provisions. The testimony is furnished us of
that gallant officer sustaining the article as
reported by the committee.
The President, not content with a violation
of law on his own part, calls in a general whom
he supposes he eould control, in his determin-
ation to tramp under his feet the statutes of
the country, and instructs him that a law passed
according to the solemn forms of the Consti-
tution is not constitutional, thereby supposing
that he could induce the general to violate the
law and serve him in his wicked and revolu-
tionary designs.
The law which the President desired the
general to violate provides that—
" Alt orders and instructions relating to military
operations issued by the President or Secretary of
"W ar shall be issued through the General of the Army,
and, in case of his ina.bility, through the next of rank.
The President had just failed to use the Gen-
eral of the Army, that man who stands peerless
as a military chieftain and first in the hearts
of his countrymen to-day, and whom the Amer-
ican people will soon elevate to the high place
now so 'unworthily occupied. He had failed
to draw the gallant Sherman into the network
of his foul conspiracy by tendering brevets
and a new command with his headquarters at
the capital of the nation. He had been told
by that old hero of Tennessee, George H.
Thomas, that he, Thomas, had been made a
major general for his success in the battle of
Nashville, and he did not think he had earned
further promotion since, and that he hoped the
Senate would not concur with the President
in conferring it upon him. And now, after
he had resorted to all these means to accom-
plish a secret design which the country be-
lieves was to get possession of the Government
in spite of law and in spite of Congress and ia
spite of the Constitution, nothing daunted, he
sends for the quiet general in command of the
department and tolls him that the law govern-
ing his action upon the subject of orders from
the President is unconstitutional.
Sir, is Andrew Johnson impeachable? Has
a ease been made against him? The House
of Representatives may, perhaps, be considered
as a sort of grand jury, and be justified in pre-
senting articles of impeachment, even though
the proof of the guilt of the party accuscd
might not be clear, unmistakable, and absolute.
