3654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Court of Claims shall take a liberal view of
the case. If Santa Anna, in the exercise of
powers as a dictator, banished Atocha from
the City of Mexico upon charges not tried by
any court, but heard by himself, and thus
destroyed his estate and his interests, I do tiot
care if Atoclia does get some advantage, so far
as the law will give it to liim, and does get
some portion of this money. I do not think
the United States are so much interested in it.
lie was banished ; banished without the decis-
ion of a court; banished under the command
of a dictator. He was a citizen of the United
States when he was banished. He said he had
done no wrong. Still, I do not think that the
report of the committee made out a ease under
the treaty. It did not at the time i investi-
gated it.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Indiana
give way for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, no ; my speech is
not of that. sort.
Mr. COLli. We cannot get through with
this bill to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am just through.
Mr. CORBET f. I should like to know how
long was this man a citizen of the United
States?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not care if he was
only a citizen for tive minutes and a quarter.
He was as much a citizen as it was possible
for him to be.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to know
whether there is any evidence to substantiate
that he was a citizen of the United States, and
whether after he left the United States he did
not become a citizen of Mexico?
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 understand that all
the evidence the Committee on the Judiciary
had on the subject was the report made by Mr.
Foster to the Senate in 1865, which goes upon
the ground that Atocha being a citizen of the
United States, but transacting commercial
business in the city of Mexico, according to
the comity between the two countries and ac-
cording to treaty stipulations, he was banished
by the decree of the dictator and his estates
destroyed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, shall I read the
treaty?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will read that part of
the treaty just to show whether this $3,250,000
is money retained which otherwise wuuld be
due to Mexico, or whether it is money of the
Uiiitud States:
" Art. XII. In consideration of tho extension ac-
quired by the boimdnues of tho United States, as
delnied in the fiilh iirtielo of tho present treaty, tile
Government, ot tho United States ei K;ises to pay to
that ot the Mexican republic the sum of $15,000,000."
"Art. XIV. The UnitedStatesdofurth* ■rmore dis-
charge the Mexican republic from all chums of citi-
zens of the United States not heretofore decided
against tho Mexican Government which may huve
arisen previously to tho duto of the signaturo of this
treaty: which discharge shall beiinal andperpotu.il,
whether tho &aid claims be rejected or be allowed by
tho board of commissioners provided for in tiie fol-
lowing article, and whatever shall be the total
amount ot_ those allowed.
# "Art. XV. The United States, exonerating Mex-
ico trorn all demands on account of tho claims of
their citizens mentioned in the preceding article,
and considering them cntnely and iorever canceled,
whatever their amount may be, undertake to make
satishuvioii tor the same, to an amount not exceed-
ing 5o,250.u00. To ascertain the vaijditynnd amount
ot tho e chnms a board of commissioners shall bo
established by the Government of the United States,
whose awards shall be final and conclusive."
Then it goes on further as to what principles
the board shall be guided by.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 think there is some
other provision of the treaty which bears on
this subject, which Idonotatpresent recollect?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; here is the
treaty.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We held this
money for that purpose.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Indiana allow me a word?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, my friend
from Indiana was rather quicker in getting the
floor after the close of the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Vermont than I was, and, by his
courtesy, I am permitted to say a few words in
reply to the remarks of the Senator from Ver-
mont. The Senator from Vermont seemed to
think that he had settled that matter very con-
clusively; but I take leave to differ from him
on that point. Itseemsthatthe United States
is here a mere trustee, and when the evidence
was taken before that commission the United
States was represented, and the depositions
were taken there with a representative of the
United States present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the evidenoe of
that?
Mr. DRAKE. You stated it, or the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You misunderstood him.
Mr. DRAKE. I understood that the consul
there represented the Government of the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; he was the magis-
trate before whom depositions were to be
taken.
Mr. STEWART. By the rules established
by the United States, the United State required
the evidence to be taken before its consul.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well. Now the mat-
ter stands just in this way : under this treaty
the evidence was taken in the manner stated.
The presentation of that claim before that
commission was in effect a suit against this
trust fund in the bands of the United States.
Mr. EDM UNDS. It was no trust fund.
Mr. DRAKE. If it was not a trust fund, I
think it was a suit against the United States
for claims against Mexico.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is it.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, sir, what is the claim
of Atocha in the Court of Claims but just a
reproduction of that same suit against the
United States in the Court of Claims after it
had been before another forum? So that it is
in effect just exactly what the Senator from
Vermont specified as if it were in this suit,
for it is about the same subject-matter, though
it is in a different forum and the parties are
different. It is Atocha against the United
States. In the other it was Atocha against
this money that the Mexican Government put
there to have paid to citizens of the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish he would toll the
Senate what he thinks of that clause of the
treaty under which this man filed his claim
which declares that the decision of that tribunal
shall be final and conclusive upon him.
Mr. DRAKE. That is a totally different
question from that upon which I am at issue
with the Senator from Virmont. I am not
going into the merits of the case. The Sen-
ator from Vermont affirmed before the Senate
squarely that we were going to let in by this
bill such evidence as no court in the country
would let in. I take issue with him. I say
that it is a litigation here about the same sub-
ject-matter concerning which the depositions
were taken before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then what is the use of
this bill ?
Mr. DRAKE. Because, under the rules of
evidence that they have, it cannot be admitted
without legislation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then by law it is not
admissible-
Mr. DRAKE. By the present, law it is not
admissible ; but we want to make a law by
which it shall be admissible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Jf it is not admissible by
law, vyould a court admit it; and if a court
would not admit it, is not my assertion cor-
rect ?
Mr, DRAKE. It is an extremely ingenious
resort which the Senator from Vermont makes.
My position is that the evidence was taken
about the subject-matter, and in a case in
effect, not in form, against the same parties ;
aud that being the case, why should we not let
the man have the benefit of the evidence to
has taken in the former phase of the case, when
the witnesses are now dead and their testimony
cannot bp obtained ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why rrot let the United
States have the same privilege?
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, by the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo the United States ac-
quired a vast mineral country from Mexico'.
It has resulted in almost nntold millions of dol-
lars to our conntry. A part of the considera-
tion, indeed most, of the consideration of that
vast purchase, was $15,000,000. Citizens of
the United States had claims against the Gov-
ernment of Mexico, and it was stipulated hi
one of the articles of the treaty that of that
$15,000,000, $3,250,000 should be reserved in
the hands of the United States to satisfy the
claims which the citizens of the United State's
had against Mexico. Those claims might, have
amounted to five or ten millions, or any sum
above $.1,250,000; but the effect of that treaty
was that those claims, whatever they amounted
to, should be satisfied by $3,250,000. Many
of the claims had been presented against the
Mexican Government and liquidated and paid.
It has left a balance yet unappropriated of
about five hundred thousand dollars. It is
said that this claim of Atocha amounts to two
or three million dollars. If it should am'onnt
to the whole of that sum, $-3,000,000, by the
terms of the treaty, he cannot receive more
than the residue of the $3,250,000 that is now
in the possession of the Government of the
United States for the satisfaction ufsuch claims.
The Government of the United States pre-
sents itself in this position to its own citizens
and to Mexico: whatever be the amount of
the valid claims which the people of the United
States have against Mexico they are to be
satisfied, so far as Mexico is bound ta pay
them, by $3,250,000. This claim, it is said,
amounts to two or three millions. If it does
amount to that, the uttermost cent that Atocha
can have of claim against the Treasury of the
United States or Mexico is the residue of that
fund of $3,250,000, afterdeducting the amount
that has been paid to other claimants; and
that is slated to be about $600,000.
I was on the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, three or four years ago, when this sub-
ject was considered. 1 examined the claim
twice, and I came deliberately to the conclusion
that it was a claim founded m justice. Mr.
Atocha was a Spaniard by birth. He came to
the United States and resided a while in New
Orleans, and was there naturalized. He then
went to Mexico for the purposes of trade and
commerce. While he was there he was charged
with bei'ig complicated with some faction, and
was banished by the ruling authorities of Mex-
ico summarily and immediately from the terri-
tory of Mexico. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, of which Mr. Foster was then a
member, examined the subject, and 1 exam-
ined the ease twice afterward as carefully as
I could, and concurred with him in all of his
conclusions in the report that he made as to
the facts and the law. The eommittee became
thoroughly satisfied that Mr. Atocha had not
been complicated in the political intrigues for
which he was banished, but was entirely inno-
cent of such a charge. The committee also
examined the treaty of 1831 between Mexico
and the United States, which stipulated mutu-
ally that the citizens of the respective coun-
tries should not be banished from the other
until they were allowed six months for the pur-
pose of prosecuting and winding up their busi-
ness and leaving the country without loss. I
am satisfied that this claim is oneof merit, that
Atocha, a citizen of the United States, whom
1 saw here repeatedly for three or four years,
was not implicated in any political intrigue in
Mexico, and that the pretext upon which he
was banished was assumed and had no found-
ation in fact. 1 am perfectly satisfied, as was
Mr. Foster, who was one of'the most accurate
lawyers and one of the most eareful committee-
men that I ever served with in this body, that
he was- banished by the ruling authorities of
