1-00
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBR
[January 15,
Senate.
Contraction of the Currency—-Mr. Sprague.
40th Cong.... 2d Sess.
So long, therefore, as oar intimate monetary-
relations exist with Great Britain we shall be
controlled by their ruinous gold system, and
suffer when they suffer. Every interest through-
out the world is unsettled through its shifting
character. We are still asked to rest our cur-
rency on coin where it never has been done and
never can be done. Do not forget that cur-
rency has but a representative value and a
motive power, and that it cannot represent a
security at par when that security is below par.
The financiers' clamor for payment of all our
securities in gold at par is a paramount cause of
our present prostration, because it prevents a
safe and easy method of creating capital, the
collecting of our resources, and issuing thereon
a representative, which otherwise is lost to us as
capital. We shall begin to learn something
when we can understand that a nation, like an
individual, must fail if without capital it attempts
to compete with one that has an abundance.
Unless, therefore, you act upon the idea of
resorting to the power to create and collect, and
the will to employ your capital in protecting
your own and the people's interests, the busi-
ness prostration of 1887, 1847, 1857, and 1SG1
will have no parallel in that which is before us.
Perhaps it is my fortune to understand more
directly from those who now suffer or from
those who know of sufferings in the country
than thoJe about mo. I am not myself influ-
enced by panics. J feel calmer always when
the disaster is upon us than in its anticipation ;
but, as I have contemplated this question, I am
astonished that business has held up as long as
it has. Now, if there are any who read my
words let them pause in their operations and
await a change, for if that change does not take
place the longer you go on the more difficult
it will be to extricate yourself in the end. We
may not have a violent and sharp prostration,
but, like the sinking of a foundering ship, none
the less certain or disastrous. Its violence may
pass away to-day, but you cannot escape the
effect of the exhausting proccss, through the
constant drain of your securities, public aud
private, that meets you at every turn.
I do not contemplate the question of finance
from any one interest point of view. No one
here can charge me with this ; my wish is that
the manufacturer shall have such facilities and
profits only as will enable him to devote his
whole time and ability to the perfection of his
production. I ask for him nothing that will
tempt him into other channels of occupation.
So of commerce, agriculture, trade, and the
professions. Such, sir, in times gone by has
not been the condition of our industrial in-
terests. These have failed in consequence of
the skill that should have been devoted to
the perfection of production being forced into,
and almost exclusively devoted to procuring
capital fojr those operations, leaving to unskilled
hands and unlettered heads the perfection of
the interest itself; we thus bore failure on the
face of all our efforts.
Does Government succeed in the object of
its establishment when it fails to afford to the
people reasonable protection to their indus-
tries? No, sir, I want no more quackery to
procure a healthy restoration of our finances,
either through financiers, manufacturers,
traders, demagogues, and the like. 1 want a
skillful physician who will carefully consider
the disease, and, in lieu of remedies applied
to the irritated and diseased parts, which at best
but adds irritation to irritation, will furnish
soothing remedies and careful nursing, then
strengthen the healthy parts, to enable nature
to work on and itself expel the parts diseased,
or an abandonment once and for all time of
the false practice of forced resumption, and
give life and strength to all your industries—
absolute abandonment of the curative processes
that kill your patient. In other words, I want
a statesman who will cut off the hacks who
have given counsel to our injury and to their
own increase; and, while looking for commis-
sions and exchanges, pray God to save the
country and the cause, when they know, or
ought to know, that they are its real impedi-
ments.
The two great objects is to place our debt
at home among our own people, and to place
it at a low rate of interest amid unusual plenty
of money, notwithstanding your Treasury
and your c'ommittee have other views. The
rates of interest and taxes for your business
operations following those established for Gov-
ernment, will thus enable me to carry every
American product into the markets of the world
and to compete successfully. With the present
extraordinary rates I must at no distant clay
abandon even the home market, notwithstand-
ing your tariff. The law of force has been
entirely overlooked in our management of
finances.
When attacked by hostile Powers wc organ-
ize armies and oppose force to force, or sur-
render. At this moment from every quarter
comes up hostile attack against your finances
to procure your securities at the least possible
cost. To meet this force you have first scat-
tered your own, then permitted yourself to be
besieged in your main works, leaving your
scattered bands to be cut up in detail, and your
country laid open to his ravages and plunder-
ing expeditions. In other words, you have
withheld your means, which otherwise would
have enabled your people to have held on to
their own property, to have defended the
Treasury, and kept the national debt at home.
Yon established no point on which the people
could rally, either to assist you or protect
themselves. You studiously and angrily with-
held every assistance, and when you surren-
dered you prostrated and humiliated them.
These charges are severe. Contradict them he
who can. What would be thought of any other
Government that acted thus toward its people?
Again, to my mind your present position may
be likened to a lion caught in a net and the
time for the approach of the hunters drawing
near. A mouse can release him. Who has
the courage to approach and extend that relief
in our ease. Our securities arc buffeted about
by the poorest and the meanest, among us, as
well as the richost and most honorable, who
possess or can borrow, beg, or steal a dollar
with which to operate upon them. No one has
yet seen a well-directed blow given in defense
either of Government or people's securities,
but all have witnessed their utter abandon-
ment.
When England in 1G94 established her bank
(Bank of England) her debt was owned
abroad, selling fifty per cent, below par, with
interest at from fifteen to twenty per cent., the
Government and people of course growing
poorer every day. Bankers, brokers, financiers,
merchants, and all who represented fixed inter-
est, including the Tory, the then opposition
parly, exhibited the bitterest hostility, sar-
casm, ridicule, and venom in opposing its
establishment. The necessities of the people
demanded its existence, and it has existed from
that day to this. How similar is our position
regarding our finance, and as to our attempt
to establish a similar system. Who but those
just named would be in the Opposition? Now,
as to the result. In less than sixty years Eng-
land's debt was at par, bearing but three per
cent, interest, and all held by her people. All
this took place during years of exhausting war
and civil commotion. Then a second or third
rate Power, having but insignificant resources,
limited population, large debt, appreciating the
resources of the people and exhibiting the
ability to organize them, did establish and
maintain a mammoth system of industrial in-
terests, enormous Government enterprises, and
succeeded also in commanding the money and
the markets of the world. How long, in face
of these facts, will our people pay fifteen per
cent, interest and be content with a thirty per
cent, depreciation, and increasing in that direc-
tion daily?
It is interesting to observe the political effect
by the'bank's operation. Through the creation
of varied industries a wealthy and an intelli-
gent middle class, laborers of numerous grades,
and their employers, has sprung up from out
of the poor and depressed tenantry, and who
are now about to assume control of England's
future destiny. Thus aristocratic privileges of
a thousand years' standing will give way be-
fore the resources of the people when organ-
ized in the people's interest. The absence of
this controlling and directing influence has
given rise in this country to your Vanderbilts,
Astors, Cooks, Jeromes, and Stewarts, who,
possessing the monopoly of capital, compel
every interest to pay them tribute. The people
of England checkmated their aristocracy and
will subdue it in thus creating a power superior
to it. I would perform at this time a like ser-
vice for the people of this country.
The Secretary of the Treasury holds power
given him by our acts, which if granted under
the recommendation of an English king, and
if used as our Secretary has used his, would
cost the king his crown, the Cabinet their port-
folios, and Parliament their seats. What sense
is there in our reluctance to confer power to
organize the means of our people while ^ we
continue an enormous trust in irresponsible
hands without a restriction or reservation?
We cannot control or remove the Secretary.
What reason for any complaints against him
when he but executes our acts. I am not here
to point out the features even of the measures
I would ingraft on your financial system. It
is not my business, except to present the case
to you exactly as it is. It is the business of
your committee to act. It is for every Senator
to become familiar with its general features.
But that which is in greater demand than any
other thing is for a statesman to have the cour-
age to advocatc any new plan. Timid men may
hesitate. The opposing elements are big with
hostile power, and Senators about me look at
innovations with suspicion. I know the great
humiliation that awaits on a change of your
policy; but are not the people deserving oven
of our humiliation? Remember a suffering
country, ready to take the character of an in-
dignant people, awaits our action. Again,
the absence of an organized system to control
and direct our resources has this year cost
$100,000,000 on the cotton crop alone. Eng-
land's organization depressed our money mar-
ket and compelled us to part with our crop for
half its value. She has operated thus many
times in my remembrance. Shall we continue
to scatter our resources so as to always fall an
easy prey to her and her capitalist opera-
tions? It is estimated the people of this coun-
try have lost otherwise §1,500,000,000 from the
operations of capital on our weak condition,
brought on by our own neglect of the simplest
principle of self-preservation. Why not have
financial protection as protection to home in-
dustry? On the same grounds I advocate pro-
tection to one as the oiher, and capitalist in
England can appreciate all that this means.
In iact, protection to our finances is primary
to home industries, as without a favorable
and healthy state of the first the other lan-
guishes and dies.
Our national debt is sacred to every loyal
heart. What a feeling response comes up from
every holder, foreign and domestic! It has.
indeed, performed a sacred work. We are
mindful of the means that obtained such ends.
Yon that hold it now did not furnish us the
means in our great extremities. The loyal
people did that work. You have so depressed
our market, reduced the value of our property,
that wo have been compelled to part with the
debt we held for one half its value. I suppose
your king or queen looks upon a debt creatcd
