1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8655
Mexico in flagrant violation of the express
articles of the treaty of 1831.
The committee did not pretend to ascertain
the amount of his claim. They referred the
ascertainment of its amount to the Treasury
officers. They merely decided, in each case,
that he had a just claim for some amount
against Mexico, which the United States, under
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and by the
reservation of $3,250,000, was responsible to
pay to the extent of that $3,250,000 so far as
it had not been appropriated; and they merely
reported a bill to have it settled upon proper
principles, and I think with the guards thrown
about the present biii it ought unquestionably
to pass.
Mr. CONKLING. Trusting in the sense
of justice of the Senate, I move that we now
adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had not yielded the
floor, and I want to make a single remark
before I do. The Senator from Missouri asked
me to yield to him for a moment, and I did so,
and then I yielded to the Senator from Ken-
tucky. I wish merely to say 
Mr. CONKLING. I think a Senator who
becomes so prodigal with the floor, and squan-
ders it as the Senator from Indianahas, should
not be allowed to retain it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot resist an
appeal of that sort.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that when a Senator yields the
floor he yields it for good.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At this time of night
that is a good rule; but I want to make a per-
sonal remark before the Senator from New
York submits his motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ^.ated in response to
the Senator from Vermont that I thought this
$3,250,000 was reserved, under the terms of the
treaty, from the ten or fifteen millions that were
to be paid. I think I was mistaken in that. I
must have had my memory impressed with the
reading of some other treaty. I find that this
obligation of the Government of the United
Stares to our own citizens to the extent of
$3,250,000 was in addition to the $15,000,000.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, the
Senator having apologized for his position in
this matter, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 1, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
On motion of Mr. ORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, the reading of yesterday's Journal was
dispensed with.
clerks' extra compensation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I present
the petition of fifteen hundred and fifty-six
clerks for extra compensation for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1868.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Cannot that be re-
ferred under the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Then let it take that
course.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will refer
it under the rules.
funding bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be directed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing, without unnecessary del ay, a funding bill provid-
ing for the consolidation of all the bonded indebted-
ness of the United States into five per cent, bonds,
payable at the option of the Government after ten
years; or four and a half per cent., payable at the
option of the Government after thirty years; or into
four per cent, bonds, in the form of interminable an-
nuities, the holders of outstanding bonds to have
their choice of these three forms of securities.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
representative from florida.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am directed by the
Committee of Elections to report the following
resolution;
Resolved, That Charles M. Hamilton is entitled to
a seat m this House as a Representative from the
State of Florida.
The committee finds his credentials are in
due form, and we have a certificate that the
State has adopted the fourteenth constitutional
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has there been any ques-
tion of his personal fitness and qualification?
Mr. SCOFIELD. None. It is all right.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
protection of government officers, etc.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the consideration of House bill No.
1131, regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases, for the protection of officers and agents
of the Government, and for the better defense
of the Treasury against unlawful claims, re-
ported back yesterday from the Committee on
the Judiciary by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutweli.] with amendments.
First amendment of the committee :
Add to the second scction the following proviso:
Provided, That this section shall not be construed
so as to deprive aliens who arecitizens or subjects of
any Governmentwhich accords to citizens ofthe Uni-
ted States the right to prosecute claims against such
Government in its courts, of the privilege of prose-
cuting claims against the United States in the Court
of Claims as now provided by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second and third amendments :
Insert after the word " allegation," in sectionstwo
and three, the words " if the fact be sustained by
the proof."
The amendments were severally agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOUT WELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. ORTH, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported adversely on the fol-
lowing cases, and the same were laid on the
table :
The memorial of Thomas H. Dowling ;
The claim of heirs of Philip Revantho;
The petition of the New York Central Col-
lege to have a certain tract of land confirmed
to it for the education of colored youths ;
A bill (H. R. No. 399) for the relief of
David A Miller; and
A bill (H. R. No. 433) for the relief of the
heirs of Simeon Castro and their assignees.
land in burlington, iowa.
Mr. ORTH, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 469) confirming the
title to a tract of land in Burlington, Iowa,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that the title of the United
States to a certain tract of land in the city of
Burlington, Iowa, which was reserved from sale
by the United States and dedicated to public
burial purposes, be confirmed and vested in
the independent school district of said city, to
be forever dedicated and used for public school
purposes, and for no other use or purpose
whatever.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pueblo of santa anna.
Mr. ORTH, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 1343) to confirm |he
title to certain land to the pueblo of Santa
Anna, in the Territory of New Mexico; whicn
was read a first and second time.
The bill confirms the title of certain lands
lying upon the Jernez or Santa Anna rivers,
not exceeding four square leagues in extent,
provided that the confirmation shall only be
construed as a relinquishment on the part of
the United States, and shall not affect any
adverse right, should any sueli exist.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ORTH, the report of the
committee accompanying the above bill was
ordered to be printed.
swearing in of a member.
Charles M. Hamilton, a member-elect
from the State of Florida, appeared and was
duly qualified as a member of the House of
Representatives by taking the oath prescribed
by law.
land claims IN new mexico.
Mr. ORTH, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1344) to confirm
certain private land claims in the Territory of
New Mexico j which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill confirms the claim to certain private
lands, numbered 41, 42, 44, 4G, and 47, in the
Territory of New Mexico, provided that such
confirmation shall only be construed as a quit-
claim or relinquishment of all title or claim on
the part of the United States to the same, and
shall not affeet the adverse rights of any per-
son or persons to the same, or any part or
parcel thereof. Sections two and three pro-
vide for the survey of the lands and the issue
of patents therefor.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chakles may.
Mr. BAILEY, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1109) for
the relief of Charles May, of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, accompanied by the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to whom was referred House bill No. 1109,
for the relief of Charles May, and the memorial
accompanying the same, may defer their report
thereon until the next session of this Congress, and
in the mean time that the said bill and memorial be,
and the same is hereby, referred to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, with directions to
ascertain the facts upon which the claim of said May
is based, and any other facts properly connected
therewith, and that he report the same at the next
session of said Congress.
The resolution was adopted.
The bill was then recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
land claim in missouri.
Mr. BAILEY, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 166) for the relief
of the owners of the land within United Slates
survey No. 3217, in the State of Missouri.
The bill was read. By its terms the United
States release, grant, relinquish, convey, and
confirm in fee-simple and in full property to
the legal representatives of Ann O. Camp and
Antoine Reihle all the right, title, and interest
of the United States in and to all of the land
within United States survey No. 3217, in town-
ships forty-faur and forty-five, north of the
base line in ranges six and seven, east of the
principal meridian line in the State of Mis-
