1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<223
jt below $350,000,000. If they shall be
350,000,000 and we must have that amount
of revenue, it has got to come from some quar-
ter ; it has got to be paid by somebody; and if
no portion of it is to be paid by six or seven
cotton States—for all they have to pay is on
cotton—then of course it must all come off the
rest. That is neither right nor just, nor is it
expedient, in my judgment. u .
Mr. President, the distress is in the present.
If we could now relieve the producers of a
considerable portion of this tax, say two thirds
or three fifths of the present tax, I should be
in favor oPit; but the amendment offered by
the Senator from Oregon, ia my opinion, will
fail of its purpose. I presume there is very
little of this year'8 crop of cotton that has not
been sold or contracted to be sold. When we
come to talk about the good old customs of
the South, I believe their former eustom was
to contract the year before and mortgage the
crop and draw upon the proceeds. 1 do not
know whether they are doing that now or not.
I hope not; but if their condition down there
is what it is described, unquestionably nearly
the whole of the crop is already sold, and if
we now take the tax off the crop of 1867 the
benefit will accrue to the purchasers, to the
speculators, and not to the men who produced
the cotton. These men bought the cotton
with the tax on it; they bought it with their
eyes open. If they shall fail to make money
out of it It is the common lot of the specu- :
lator. If we shall pot two and a half cents a
pound into their pockets they will be sure to
make money, ana the great class of persons
whom it is intended to relieve—the producers—
will get but little benefit from it. If there
could be any way devised by which we conld
relieve the producers of 1867 I should be in
favor of it, but I am not now for -legislating
this tax off into the pockets of speculators. .
I desire again to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that .this depression in the
price of eotton calling so clamorously -for a
reduction of the tax is at the present time,
and there can be no reason shown? at least
there has been none, that will make it neces-
sary tor the fall and winter of 1868. As to our
being frightened about the production of cot-
ton in India, and the idea that we must hedge
against that, I do not believe in it. We can
produce better cotton, we can produce it more
cheaply, than any other country in the world,
and we shall have the monopoly of it. Just
at this time the market is disordered. Cotton
has been accumulated in large quantities. The
men who sold cotton for sixty cents and ninety
cents and $1 and $1. 25 thought cotton was
very low when it came down to half a dollar
on the pound, and when it came down to forty
cents and thirty cents they thought it was most
ruinously lowr and they would not sell, and
men held cotton from sixty cents clear dt>wn
to eighteen and fifteen in' the city of New
York, and were unwilling to sell then; but
finally they were compelled to do it, and im-
mense quantities have at last been thrown on
the market from the causes I have mentioned.
This bill from the Honse furnishes no relief in
the present, but proposes for 1868 to exonerate
the cotton crop from all taxation, to relieve a
very considerable part of this country from the
payment of any tax fgr the support of the Gov-
ernment. It is neither just nor equitable nor
expedient.
Mr. COKBETT. I shall occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate for but a short time to say
a very few words on points that have not yet,
perhaps, been fully touched upon.
The export of cotton from the United States
in 1866 was $199,500,000 in value. The duties
on imports to that amount, for which the ex-
portation of that cotton paid, would amount
to about eighty million dollars. This $199,-
500,000 of cotton was exported instead of gold
or its equivalent; and in order to meet this
vast amount of the balance of trade against us
as a nation we mast produce something to send
out of the country, or otherwise we must stop
importations. As the South in 1866 exported
$199,500,000 worth of cotton, which they
shipped to the North in the first place, and for
which they received our goods in exchange,
and which caused our manufactures in the
North to flourish, and enabled our people in
return to import foreign goods which yielded
to the Government duties amounting to $80,-
000,000, I claim that they contributed just that
much to the support of the Government. It
is necessary for us to have duties on imports
to pay the interest on our public debt as well
as to have direct taxes laid on the manufac-
turer and the producer. In 1867 we exported
of cotton $143,900,000 in value, and the duties
on the imported goods which that exportation
enabled us to receive would, at the average
rate, amount to $56,000,000. This also, I
claim, was paid by the South to some extent,
as they received in exchange for that cotton
which they sent to northern ports, from which
a great portion of it was shipped, products
from the North and foreign goods which were
imported by the North, and which this export-
ation enabled us to pay for. _
At the commencement of our rebellion; when
England had an opportunity to levy a duty npon
the production of Cotton in India, did she do it?
; No, sir ; instead of levying an internal duty
• she offered a very large, premium for its produc-
j tion. She stimulated the production of cotton
j in every way in her power, seeing as she did
that it would strike a severe blow at the pro-
ductive interests of the southern States and of
1 America generally. Daring our rebellion she
took this occasion to strike us that blow, as well
as she did to fit oat the Alabama to strike a
blow at our commerce. By stimulating: the
production of cotton in India she has brought
it in competition with our own. To a great
extent it is used as a substitute for it, or is mixed
with our own cotton for manufacturing pur-
poses. Now I wish to drive her cotton Out of the
market, and I claim that anything We can do
.to assist the southern States in producing this
article at a cheap rate will strike a blow at the
production of cotton in India. If we can pro-
duce a superior article for the same price that
they can produce an inferior article in India We
shall probably drive the India cotton out of the
English market. If cotton is king in this coun-
try it also has a throne in India and in England,
and to dethrone it from that market we must
do everything we can to cheapen the article
and throw it npon their market at the lowest
possible rate. Once drive the India cotton
from the English market, drive them into the
production of other articles for their subsistence,
and you strike a blow at the production of cot-
ton there, and as soon as this depression in the
southern States comes to an end, if relief be
granted, you may in the future, When you again
have the control of the markets of the world, as
yon once had, be enabled to levy a small tax
upon cotton. But at this tame, with cotton at
fifteen cents a pound in currency, which, Redact-
ing the premium on gold, would bring it down
to ten cents in gold, yoa may imagine what the
.planters receive for it at their homes. For the
increased cost of living in those States, as well
as in the northern States, they must receive a
corresponding increase of price, and as the cost
of wheat and other commodities has increased
one hundred per cent, they certainly ought to
increase npon the cost of cotton, and yet we
have cotton at this* time selling at about ten
cents in gold, though previous to the war it used
to bring ten and a half, eleven, and twelve cents
in gold.
Mr. President, I believe that this measure
of relief ia necessary to the southern States.
It is necessary to the relief of oar Treasury
to induce the exportation of cotton in place
of gold, that we may return to specie pay-
ments. If we do not produce the cotton to
export we certainly cannot return to specie
payments in two years, as my friend from Ver-
mont proposes. I ajn certain that that time
will be put off mnch longer than 1869 if we
cripple the production or cotton, the export
of which has been more than of any of the
other products of the country for the past two
years. ,1 take it that at twelve and a half
cents a pound the export would probably
amount to $90,000,000 the coming year. It
will be very much reduced, but upon that a
duty of forty per cent, would yield $36,000,000,
which will be the income to the Treasury of
the United States from imports to meet that
export if it is made. But if you cripple this
interest in the coming year you are going to
cripple the income from the duties on imports,
ana we shall find ourselves in financial distress
as much from the decreased duties on imports
as from the decreased taxes from the southern
States,
As a financial measure, I urge that this tax
be taken off. I feel the importance of pro-
viding for an early return to specie payments,
and I feel in connection with that that the
production and exportation of this article are
inseparably connected with our financial sys-
tem and the proposition to return to specie
payments. I shall therefore urge the relief
asked for from the southern States.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, there is a very
-great difference between the interest of poh"
tieians and the interest of the masses of the
people, especially the working portion of the
people. They want wise legislation, and if
they cannot get wise legislation they want
timely and permanent legislation. The two
Senators from Oregon, in my judgment, have
expressed sound views, and have given more
information in relation to the siibject now under
consideration before the Senate than we have
received from any other source.
The planters wish to make their arrange-
ments at least on the 1st of January for the
ensuing crop. Their arrangements consist in
purchasing mules, agricultttral implements,
subsistence, and especially meats for. their
hands. To do this with judgment and' good
economy they must know what they are to
rely upon for the coming year. It is a matter,
then, of the very first importance to every
man engaged in cotton planting that he should
know now, as soon as practicable, whether he
is to be relieved from this tax the coming year
or not. The phases of politics may fluctuate,
and as one party or one man comfes up others
go down; but it is not so with the mass of pro-
ducers and consumers of the country; they
share a common fate. What is wise and whole-
some legislation for a portion of them, where
the system of legislation is general, results to
the benefit of the whole; where it is fluctuat-
ing and capricious and unstable it unsettles
the industry and the business of the whole
country, and produoeS not only a common but
a universal loss. ' _
Mr. President, we have heard it said here
that the produce of cotton lands has increased
very much since the war. That is a mistake.
- The planter computes that a good hand will
cultivate ten acres. The product of the ten
acres is according to the season. A bale to the
acre is a high crop. It is oftener.tinder that
than over it. As the Senatot frtfm Oregon
who last spoke [Mr. Corbet*] Says, the cost
of the subsistence of hands has greatly in-
creased by reason of the increased prices of the
cereals and of subsistence generally. In addi-
tion to that, the cost of labor has greatly
increased. The planter heretofore owned the
labor, and the cost of labor was only the taxes,
the eost of clothing, subsistence, andphysicians'
bills; but now he has to pay from one hundred
and fifty to two hundred and fiftv dollars a year
for a good hand. There is another drawback :
the women do not go into the fields now as they
did when slavery existed. Many women use
the hoe with as much effect as the mfen, and
ia the business of picking cotton an active
young oman was equivalent to the best male
hand.
The effect of the competition from the West
Indies and Brazil and Egypt coming into
.collision with our planting interest has been
adverted to. It was said by the honorable
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Moriuu,] that the
cost of labor in the East Indies had doubled in
the period since the commencement of the war.
