1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
became the representatives of two separate and
distinct ideas: Andrew Johnson, the represent-
ative of the idea that there is no penalty for
the crime of treason ; Edwin M. Stanton, the
representative of the idea that the loyal men
of this country, who had saved the life of the
nation, should rule.
The next act of the President was in corrupt-
ing men by means of the offices of the country.
No sooner had he become corrupted himself,
than he undertook by the distribution of the
offices placed at his disposal to corrupt men
throughout all portions of the country. The
offices were given to those who would be-
tray their principles and adopt the policy of
Andrew Johnson ; and thistenure-of-office act
was enacted by Congress for the very purpose
of preventing this wholesale system of debauch-
ing the public morals, which emanated from
the highest place in the Government. And I
may add that it is a matter for which we may
well be thankful that it was the Secretary of
War instead of one of the other Secretaries
that remained true to the Union party. It is
manifest that we need the Army for the purpose
of holding in subjection the late rebels, and if
Andrew Johnson would have had the power to
control the Army through a Secretary as faith-
less as himself the whole scheme of congres-
sional reconstruction would have fallen to the
ground, and not only would he have been en-
abled to carry out his policy, but perhaps to
use violence to make himself that which his
Secretary of War wished him to be when, in
"swinging around the circle," he said, " Will
you have Andrew Johnson as President or
king?"
We thus find him before the passage of this
law removing faithful officers and giving ap-
pointments to others to induce them to indorse
his policy, evincing a determination to resist
the action and laws of Congress. But as evi-
dence of guilty intent on the part of the Pres-
ident to violate this law 1 aver that he must
have done so purposely, because he had pre-
viously recognized the binding force of the law.
He knew that although it had been vetoed by
him, yet having received a two-thirds vote of
both Houses of Congress it became a law
under the Constitution and was binding upon
the whole people of the country, upon him as
President as well as upon the humblest indi-
vidual in the land. When in August, 18t>7, he
suspended Mr. Stanton, ho did so under the
second section of that law, and in accordance
with its provisions notified the Senate of his
action, in the act of suspension and notice
thereof to the Senate he conformed to the law,
and when the Senate refused to concur in said
suspension, then Mr. Stanton was by the pro-
visions of the law entitled "forthwith to re-
sume the functions of his office." The at-
tempted removal thereafter was, in the light of
his own previous conduct, a willful violation
of the law. But I ask, where does he find his
authority to appoint a Secretary of War ad
interim, the Senate being in session, even if
Mr. Stanton's appointment was not within the
provisions of the act of March 2, 1867? There
is no such power given him under the law or
Constitution. Because he might, by sending
in the names of persons obnoxious to the Sen-
ate, and by and with whose advice and consent
alone appointments can be made, and upon
their rejection of said persons be permitted to
make an appointment ad interim that would
last as long as he remained in office. I regard
this action of the President in attempting to
oust Mr. Stanton, and iill the office with one
of his own creatures, as not only in violation
of the act of March 2, 1867, but, of all law.
All these acts, therefore, taken together, his
acts before this attempt, and at the time of its
commission, indicate clearly on his part a
settled purpose to violate the law, and from
them I gather that guilty intent which is an
essential ingredient of the offense, and which
makes him amenable to the law. Believing
this, I consider it the duty of the House to send
these articles of impeachment to the Senate,
where he can have a fair trial and upon the
proof there adduccd, his guilt or innocence can
be established. When a law of Congress has
been violated by the President, whose sworn
duty it is under the Constitution to see that
"the laws are faithfully executed," under the
circumstances that the President has acted in
this case, then, in my judgment, such guilty
intent has been shown as warrants us in send-
ing it to that tribunal which under the Consti-
tution is the sole power to try.
I have, then, shown conclusively, Mr. Chair-
man, that this proceeding is not only within
the provisions of the Constitution, but that the
circumstances attendant upon the President's
course, prior to and at the time of his-attempted
removal of Mr. Stanton, evince a determina-
tion to willfully violate the law; and I now
wish to say, in conclusion, to gentlemen on
the other side of this House who insist that
the people "never, never will stand the im-
peachment of Andrew Johnson," that those
fears are not well founded. This nation has
stood against greater shocks. It remained firm
in the midst of a civil war unequaled in his-
tory. Its peace and stability were undisturbed
at the murder of its honored Chief Magistrate,
an event which in other nations would have
produced revolution, bloodshed, and anarchy ;
and if its people could bear without tumult
and violence the assassination of an honored
and faithful Executive, I ask can they not
bear the removal, under the forms of law, of
a dishonored and faithless one ? All that we
demand is that the laws of the country be faith-
fully executed; and if the highest officer in
the Government has willfully violated any of
them and subjected himself to removal from
odice a law-abiding and intelligent people will
acquiesce in the verdict.
Mr. PERIIAM addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. HAlTjr. Mr. Chairman, in common
with every member on this floor 1 recognize
the question now under discussion as one in
which the whole country feels a deep and abid-
ing interest, a question too, sir, which merits
our earnest consideration, and which requires
that each individual member of this House
divest himself of all mere partisan prejudice,
to enable him to so deal with this great ques-
tion in the light of the history of the past, with
the view of making an unblemished record for
the future. Waiving the fact that Andrew John-
son has, without justification or excuse, broken
faith with the great patriotic party which placed
him in power, and by this act of perfidy has
rendered liis name a by-word while he shall be
remembered among men, we must deal with
him with reference to his official conduct in
administering his high office of President.
When the trusted Representatives of the
people met in December, 18(55, it was soon dis-
covered that an irreconcilable difference of
opinion existed between the President and the
majorities of both Houses of Congress in ref-
erence to the reconstruction of the southern
States, and then, sir, commenced the great
game which has been in progress in this coun-
try for the past two years, upon the hazard of
which is staked the destinies of the people of
this Republic. Upon the one hand was" mar-
shaled the loyal people of the United States,
with their Representatives in Congress, strug-
gling to reconstruct the Slates lately torn by
civil war upon principles of freedom and jus-
tice. Upon the other hand was arrayed an un-
scrupulous President, with all his partisans and
parasites, seeking, through the exercise of the
powers of' his great office, to place this nation
in the hands of the rebels of the South and
their allies and sympathizers of the North.
The important legislation of the first session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress was directed to
the subject of reorganizing the southern States.
All their laws and proceedings were submitted
to the consideration of the people in the mem-
orable contest of 1800 ; and no man can gain-
say the statement that the action of Congress
was fully indorsed by the people. But, sir, the
President failed to derive profit from the bit-
ter experiences of "his defeat in 1866, for, in-
stead of acquiescing in the expressed will of
the people, to whom he appealed, lie has con-
tinued the conflict with the legislative bfaneb
of the Government, and has brought into it all
the asperity and malignity usually manifested
• by those who apostatise from the principles of
persons whom they oppose, until at last he has
come to be governed by his worst passions and
is ready to perpetrate any act of violence to
accomplish bis ends.
During the past two years the Congress of
the United States, as far as the President was
concerned, has had but one end in view—that
of having him administer bis office according
to the will of the people. And, sir, I appeal
to the sober judgment of this House and of the
country to bear witness when I say that at no
time during this eventful struggle have the peo-
ple of this country or their Representatives in
Congress demanded of Andrew Johnson aught
save that he exercise the powers of his office
according to the letter and spirit of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, and this
they had a right to demand of him. . And, sir,
upon that issue has this great and momentous
question turned. Choosing his course, thePres-
ident, rather than administer his office conform-
ably to the laws of the land and in- harmony
with both Houses of Congress, has deliberately
planned and executed a palpable violation of
law. And the question conies home to us to-
day, what shall we do in this emergency? Had
Andrew Johnson inadvertently and without the
intention of setting the laws at defiance done
the act with which he stands accused, a gener-
ous public would be willing to excuse him ; but,
sir, this is but one of a long series of offenses
of which, in my judgment, he is guilty.
If you draw a picture of the official conduct
of Andrew Johnson in his office of President,
the back-ground would disclose a long line of
usurpations and violations of law, all tending to
thwart the public will, with this last act of his
standing out in bold relief as a palpable and
flagrant violation of law.
But, we are told that the President had the
right to remove Edwin M. Stanton from the office
of Secretary of War without the consent of the
Senate, and that he had the right to appoint
Lorenzo 'Thomas Secretary of War ad interim
without the consent of the Senate.
_ Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me a moment, that I may recur to an
historical illustration of the point he is now
making and of the change of position of the
Democratic party thereon. I will occupy but
a moment.
Mr. RAUM. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 want to call attention to
the fact that on the 29th of December, 1800,
that eminent Democratic leader, John B.
Floyd, resigned the office of Secretary of
War and hastened to
"Take his stand
And live or die in Dixie's land."
On the 1st of January, Hon. Joseph Holt
was authorized to perform the duties of Secre-
tary of War ''until a successor should be ap-
pointed or the vacancy filled:" and on the
9th of the following month a Democratic Sen-
ator, Slidell, of Louisiana, introduced a res-
olution calling upon the President to state
whether Floyd had resigned, and, if so. who
filled the office, and by what tenure, and why
his appointment had not b^en communicated
to the Senate, ihe resolution was us follows:
thcPresulent bo requested to m-
iormthe ben.ito whether John 13. Floyd, whose ap-
iY8 '^rotary Ot War was coniirmcd by the
benate on Ihe 6th ot March, 1S57, still continues to
hold said office; and, if not, when and how said office
occaino vacant; and, iurlher, to inform the Senate
how and by whom the duties of said otfiee are now
aiacharsred; and if an appointment of an acting or
provisional Secretary ot War has been made, how,
SifJVi <lv authority it was so made, and
wiij tne tact or said appointment has not been coin-
mumcated to tile Senate."
-This resolution, implying a doubt of the con-
stitutionality of such an appointment, even ill
the case of a notorious vacancy, was adopted
by the vote of every Democratic Senator on
