3656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
souri. being the same land that was surveyed
by the United States for Madame Camp and
Antoine Reible's representatives, containing
t#o thousands nine hundred and five arpents,
fifcy-six perches and forty feet, which is equal
to two thousand four hundred and seventy-one
acres and seventy-six hundredths of an acre;
provided that nothing in the bill shall abridge,
divest, impair, injure, or prejudice any adverse
right, title, or interest of any person or persons
in or to any portion or part of the land.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BAILEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A>,N I). DutlDLNU.
Mr. LOUGHKIDCtK, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. Ii. No. 010)
for the relief of the stanlees of Ann D. Durding.
'Die bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly lead the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
laxd claims rx new mexico.
Mr. LOUG1IIUDGE, from tlie same com-
mittee, reported a bill (II. II. No. 1348) to
confirm certain private land claims in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the hill was passed ; and also
moved that themotionto reconsider bo laid on
the table,
The latter motion was agreed to.
wrixiam a. dunn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. li. No. 1346)
for the relief of William A. Dunn, of Virginia ;
which was read a first and second lime, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
i.uotn'da panglk.
Mr. BU FLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
tor the relief of Lueinda Pangle; which
was read a firsl and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
colonel s. k. n. patton.
Mr. BUI LER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1348) for the relief of S. Iv. N. Patton, late
colonel of the eighth Tennessee cavalry ; which
"was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
gabriel ckrrk and sophia bolaye,
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, from the Committee
on I rivate Land Claims, reported back, with a
recommendation that the same do pass, House
bill No. 1201, to confirm certain private land
claims in the State of Missouri.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
claims of the le^al representatives of Gabriel
Cerre and Sophia Boiaye, falling within the
exterior boundaiies of the commons of Caron-
delet, the former entered as No. 60 for four
hundred arpents, and the latter as No. 279 for
one hundred and fifty arpents, in the first class
of decisions of the board of land commission-
ers under the acts of Congress of 9th July
1832, and 2d March, 1833, for the adjustment
of private land claims in Missouri, which claims
were confirmed by act, of Congress J uly 4, 1836,
subject to location elsewhere than in" place in
case of conflict, are hereby confirmed in place
subject to any \.d.d ^J-'erje lights, if such
July 1,
exist, and patents for said claims shall be
issued accordingly.
Mr. NEWCOMB. This bill involves the
title to land in the State of Missouri to the value
of several hundred thousand dollars. It was
introduced and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims without my knowledge,
and I was not aware that any such bill was
before the House until the committee was pre-
pared to report upon it. I am not prepared to
say, however, that the passage of this bill would
work any wrong or injury to any party. But
inasmuch as this land lies in my district and is
very valuable, and the title is in dispute and
has been for a great many years, I would ask
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until the first Tuesday in December
next, after the morning hour, so that we may
have an opportunity to examine the facts in
the case and be able to act more intelligently
than wo can now.
Mr. PILE. I desire to state only that this
bill was brought to me by General Bent during
the morning hour call for bills and joint reso-
lutions. Not seeing in his seat my colleague
who represents that district, [Mr. Newcomb,]
I introduced the bill and had it referred. I have
no _ knowledge of the facts in the case. I
omitted, aa I ought not to have done, to inform
my colleague of the nature of the bill. I hope
it will be postponed at his request until it can
be examined.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. The Committee on
Private Land Claims examined this bill very
carefully, and were satisfied that it was correct;
but if the gentleman who introduced it here
desires it to be postponed, of course the com-
mittee will not object.
Mr. NEWCOMB. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until the
first Tuesday in December next, after the
morning hour.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFOKNIA.
Mr. STONE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, with a substitute,
House bill No. 120G, to restore to certain par-
ties their rights under the laws and treaties of
the United States.
The substitute, which was read, provides that
each and every person claiming land in Cali-
fornia by virtue of any rightor title derived from
the Spanish or Mexican authorities, and whose
claim has not been adjudicated by the commis-
sion created by act of Congress approved
March 3, 1851, and record evidence of which
claim is found in the Spanish or Mexican ar-
chives now in the custodvof tho United States
surveyor general for the" State of California,
shall within one year after the date of this act
present his petition in writing for the same to
the United States district court for the district
in which the land claimed is situated, with such
documentary evidence and testimony of wit-
nesses as the said claimant relies upon in sup-
port of such claim ; and thereupon the same
proceedings shall be had in said district court,
in relation to the hearing and decision of said
claim in all respects, as though it had been
presented to and decided adversely to said claim
by the commission created by the act of March
3, 1851, except that no transcript of the report
or proceedings of said commission shall be
presented to the said district court, and the
survey of any grant which may be confirmed
under this act shall be subject to the provisions
of the act of June 14,1860; provided, however,
that from the decision therein, both on the title
and on the survey and location, appeal may be
taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States within six months after such decision has
been rendered, and that the same proceedings
for the hearing and decision thereof shall be
had, and the judgmentof the district court shall
have the same affect as is provided by the act
hereinbefore referred to ; and provided further :
that such confirmation shall not affect the rights !l
/  parties, bat shall establish simply the li
Vr ■< 1 o , e!am;ant as between him and the L
L mttfu btatus. fl
Mr. STONE. I ask that the report accom-
panying the bill be read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
Your committee, to whom was referred House hill
No. 3206, have had the same under consideration, and
find the facts to be these:
That the United States solemnly promised by their
treaty with Mexico to protect the rights of private
Eroperfy; that no man's land should he taken-from
im if he had a title which tho Mexican laws held to
be good.
This provision of the treaty merely embodied in
the form of an express stipulation what had always
been recognized as international law.
In 1851, a commission was created by act of Con-
gress to investigate these Mexican land titles, with
power to confirm the genuine and reject the spurious
claims, and reserving both to the claimant and to the
Government the right to appeal, first to the district
court, and thence to the Supreme Court of the United
States. All claims were to be presented within two
years after tho date of the act; and by subsequent
acts this time was extended two years mo-e.
This law operated with some severity upon the
owners of sound and honest titks, but it. was rrfnde
nccessnry by the enormous number of false and
fraudulent claims which were set up to tho most
valuable lands in California.
When the commission began their labors the rec-
ords of the former Government wore not known to
exist in any completeness, had not been collected or
examined, and were not resorted to or relied upon
as evidence. Whoever could produce a title-paper,
and proveits proper execution by parole vidence,
had his claim confirmed. Record evidence was not
required.
_ This rule opened wide tho door to forgery and per-
jury, Title-papers were antedated or forged, and
men found to swear them genuine,
At length the Attorney General, alarmed at the
number ot alleged frauds, caused the archives of
the former Government to be collected and carefully
examined, and. to the surprise of everybody, these
were found to be entire and reliable. The means of
testing the validity of any claim wasnow at hand. and
from that day to this the courts have subjected all
claims coming before them to this test.
As late as 1864 the Supreme Court said: "It has
been held by this court, in a long and unbroken line
of adjudications, that where there is no archive evi-
dence, and its absence is unaccounted for, and there
has been no suoh possession as raises an equity in
behalfof theparty" * * * * "theclaim
must be rejected. We feel no disposition to relax the
rule."
Such is now the law. But all this was settled after
the time had gone by when claims could be presented
or hoard, and after meritorious and just claims h-td
been rejected or withdrawn on accountoftheenforco-
meut ot tho title-paper rule.
The limitation clause of the statute cut the^eclaim-
antson and denied them a hearing under the new
and true rule of evidence established by the Supreme
Court consequent upon the discovery of the archives.
Thisbill extends tholimitation-clause of the statute
one year, and gives claimants who have archive evi-
dence of title a hearing; and it is all that it gives
them. This they ask: and it is all thev ask.
The facts in a single case will make this whole mat-
ter plain.
In 1837, Juan Miranda, a Mexican soldier, accepted
a provisional grant of a then outlying ranch in Cali-
fornia, and on this ranch lived with his large family
until 1845, when he died. The year before his death
he perfected his title to the ranch, and all the p,tpers
were duly rocorded in the archives of the Mexican
Government, ana there they are to-day. Histitlc ro
the land was as good as the laws of that country
could give to any man.
His family continued to live upon the ranch till
alter theconqucst of the country. Meanwhile Mi-
randa s title-paper was lost.
A certain Ortega, son-in-law of Miranda, aware of
this loss, procured title-papers to this same r^nch in
his own name, and dated them back to 1840.
The heirs of Miranda sold their titleto Valentine •
Ortega sold his to White: and the purchasers pre-
sented their respective claims to the land commis-
sion ior confirmation.
The Ortega title was confirmed, for it bad the title-
Pftper, while the other had none.
In fact, so complete was the fraud that the adverse
claimant himself was deceived, and withdr< w hi*
claim. The d strict court was also deceived, uid
c<^nJ\rra decreeot the land commission in favor
ot U-t ga.
J^eftu?<hiiIei?,.ew facfi came t0 Hsht, through the
efforts of the Attorney General, and thecase was ear-
ned up to the Supreme Court.
*rj£ro .br?*^y challenged as a cheat and .
forgery. The judgment of the court below s  r
aside, and the rceord remitted for further proceed-
ings in the district, court.
Judge Hoffman tookup theoase ah initio, patien'h
examined all the facts, and, in an opinion ol gr^.tf
amury exposed the utter iraud of the Oitega title.
J*A . , case came again to the Supreme Com \
JU(*&ment of the district court was affirm d
J. bus, alter twelve years of hot litigation, was this
spurious title swept away.
The United States never pretended to have any
title to ranch. The Supreme Court distinctly
said: It is clear from the evidence in this case
t&at, as against .the Uni ted States, either Onegi or
Miranda has a just elaim to a confirmation of his
tide to the tract m depute. But whwhor O* egi
was landlord and M r nda his f<mnt, or which .,i
the claimants has attempted to ov- rreach th • Th >•
are questions in which the G  veroment has no in-
terest* Aauj again, in the me opinion the court
