224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Suppose it be so, what was the cost of^ labor in
the East Indies? Two cents per day. What
was the cost of subsistence? The laborer sub-
sisted upon rice, and a very small quantity of
it. The cost of a negro man working upon a
cotton plantation in the South in subsistence
would be five or six times as much as that of
an East Indian in the cultivation of cotton.
He would eat in substance five or six times as
much.
The honorable Senator from Vermont says
that this matter of producing cotton and the
amount of the crop is self-regulating to some
extent; that a half crop will produce as much
money as & full whole crop frequently. The
same argument would lead us to the conclusion
that when the production of the crop was only
a quarter a quarter would bring as much
money to the planter as the full crop, which
would be three fourths as much more in quan-
tity. That, in my judgment, is a very restricted
viciv of the case. It is not for the planter
alone that I wish this legislation. It is in part
for him, I admit; but 1 want it more for the
benefit of the consumer than the planter.
Who are the consumers of cotton? Who is
there among all our population that does not
consume cotton? If the production of the crop
is one fourth, I ask the honorable Senator if the
prices of the manufactured article to the con-
sumer would not be most materially affected?
It is for the consumer's interest mainly that I
desire a large crop and cheap prices. In the
year 18G0 the production of the cotton crop
exceeded five million bales, whereas last year,
according to the best estimates, it was only
about a million and a half; and this year
it will not exceed two millions, if it reaches
that quantum—a, most material difference in
the product of the cotton crop to the interest
of the great mass of the consumers of cotton
fabrics.
Mr. President, my experience and reflection
teach me this truth: that the greatest pros-
perity of the country and of the people con-
sists in the greatest prosperity of the various
branches of labor and production. It is pro-
ductive industry that constitutes the wealth
and the power of the nation. It is the great
agricultural-producing interest of the country
that is the 'basis, not only of individual but
of national prosperity. The wisest and most
effective policy is that which most successfully
encourages and expands this industry in its
E reduction. But, instead of this policy, what
as been done in relation to cotton? You
have taxed enormously a single great agricul-
tural product of a section. That agricultural
product is, so far as it is exported, equivalent
to gold. It settles the balance of trade between
our country and the rest of the world essen-
tially. If that interest and that production be
destroyed to that extent you create an abso-
lute necessity that the balance of trade with
different countries shall be settled by gold
instead of cotton—the product of the land and
of the industry of our people.
Everybody admits now that the cotton-pro-
ducing interest is languishing. It is no more
a proper and legitimate subject of legislation
constitutionally or in a wise statesmanship than
would be corn, or wheat, or hogs, or hay, or
any other mediate or immediate production of
the soil. The honorable Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Henderson] opposed this tax when
it was before Congress originally on the pas-
sage of the tax bill containing the provision.
He did it in a speech of great research and
great ability, in which he demonstrated beyond
all successful contradiction that the tax was
unconstitutional because of two objections.
In.the first place it is a tax upon exports,
which is positively prohibited in the Constitu-
tion : and, secondly, it violates the clause of
the Constitution in relation to the imposition
of direct taxes.
Our sagacious and ever-vigilant friends from
the East did not permit themselves to be vie- ;
timized by the measure. How did they man- ; '
age it? When the bill regulating the duties '
upon importations came up they provided that ■
the manufacturer should have the benefit of a
drawback equal to the amount of tax upon the
exported article of cotton fabric. If those gen-
tlemen intended to act justly toward the whole
people and all the great interests of the coun-
try why did they not provide that the producer
when he exported his cotton to a foreign coun-
try should also have the benefit of the draw-
back?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Kentucky allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont Was not the
same provision in relation to tobacco incor-
porated in the revenue laws?
Mr. DAVIS. Allow m'e to ask the honor-
able Senator whether, because one wrong and
outrage is perpetrated, that is any reason why
other wrongs and outrages should be perpe-
trated?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only de-
sired to repel the idea that it was simply an
eastern measure.
Mr. DAVIS. It was supported by all the
East, at any rate, and I suppose the honorable
Senator himself knows it, for he was a mem-
ber of the other House at the time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state, for
the information of my friend from Kentucky,
that there is in the present law, as I under-
stand it, no drawback paid on manufactured
tobacco exported from this country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
changed the law, and now allow it to be
bonded without the payment of the tax, and
it is suffered to go out of the bonded ware-
houses for export without the roundabout pro-
cess of first paying the tax and then having it
refunded; but it comes to the same result pre-
cisely.
Mr. DAVIS. I will proceed with my re-
marks; I do not mean to detain the Senate
long. I do not conceive, sir, how any just and
fair-minded man can come to any other con-
clusion in relation to this cotton tax than that !
it is a duty upon exports. If so, it is expressly
forbidden by the Constitution. But the honor-
able Senator from Missouri went much deeper
into the subject. He ascertained the signifi-
cance of the term "direct tax" at the time
the Constitution was adopted, and what the
framers of the Constitution, who introduced this
phrase into thot instrument, meant by it; and
lie adverted to the legislation of England and
to the writings of publicists of England, and
he proved beyond all controversy that a tax
on the issues of land was regarded as a part
and parcel of the land tax.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Kentucky a question. This tax
is not confined to that cotton which is exported,
but is levied upon all of it. Now, the tax being
levied upon all the cotton raised, is it after-
ward made unconstitutional because some por-
tion of that cotton is subsequently exported ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; but the Senator from
Indiana certainly can conceive this principle :
that an article produced either by agricultural
or manufacturing industry and skill in this
country if consumed here may constitution-
ally have a tax levied upon it, but if it is
exported the levying of a tax comes within the
express prohibition of the Constitution. That
is a provision of the Constitution upon which
there was very great difficulty in the Conven-
tion, but it was finally settled as a principle
and incorporated in a prohibitory clause that
there should be no duty levied on export; and
I say that that principle of the Constitution is
flagrantly violated by the cotton tax.
But, sir, I was adverting to the other ground
upon which the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri so ably and conclusively assailed this
cotton tax. He proved from all the legislation
of England and from every enlightened com-
mentary on the subject in that country and in
this just before the adoption of our Constitu-
tion, that land and its products were taxed
together under the denomination of a direct
tax, and that the separation of any direct prod- i
uct of the land from the land and making that
a distinct subject of taxation was always dis-
allowed and denied by British legislation and
British statesmen. It was in that sense, in rela-
tion to the exclusion and omission of products
of agriculture, that the members of the Con-
vention understood the language when they
said that direct taxes should be imposed by
Congress in proportion to population. Accord-
ing to the understanding of the men who
framed the Constitution and of all antecedent
British legislation upon the subject, the issues
of the land were considered inseparably in con-
nection with the land itself when it became the
subject of taxation, and they were never allowed
to be separated from it. The honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri argued and proved conclu-
sively that to tax cotton, or tobacco, or wheat,
or corn, or any other direct issue of our lands,
would be against that provision of the Consti-
tution, because it considered them in insepa-
rable connection with the land itself, and when
land is made the subject of direct taxation it
necessarily, by implication, exempts its imme-
diate products from taxation.
But, Mr. President, there is another objec-
tion that I make to this tax which has not been
adverted to. The magnanimous Senator from
Vermont, who feels himself so capable of
taking care of the interests of the South and
of the whole of our country, and I think of the
universe too, makes no sort of reference what-
ever to it. That is this: the people who make
the cotton know more about it than even the
honorable Senator from Vermont and all the
world besides. It is their business, their .
industry, their pursuit. They have from their
infancy been bred to a knowledge and to a
superintendence of this business. It is their
, business. It is a great portion of their stake
I in our common country. It is a great propor-
j tion of their share and of their vigilance in the
Government of the United States and in the
administration of that Government. There are
ten States that produce cotton. Where are
their representatives in the Senate and in the
House of Representatives to inform the two
bodies in relation to these great interests and
the appropriate legislation in regard to them?
They are absent. By whose will, by whose
misconduct, by whose oppression are they
absent? By that of the honorable Senator
from Vermont and his associates. They ha ve
a right to be here, and the intelligence of this
nation knows it and concedes it, and the judicial
power of our country will ere long so decide.
Sir, men act here without a thought of the
interests of those whose business it is, whose
wealth—no not whose wealth, but whose means
of subsistence—it is from day to day and of rais-
ing and educating their families and putting
them in a better position in the world. The
men whose interests in these aspects are
involved and mingled up in this affair are
never thought of by the imperial legislators of
the American Congress.-
Sir, the honorable Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] has been a most ardent advo-
cate of this tax. I remember when there was
a proposition to tax the products of the mines.
If mining had been taxed to the extent that
cotton is now taxed it would have produced a
rebellion among the miners, and he knows it.
It is an easy matter for one set of men and one
power to legislate the rate of taxation and the
amounts that shall be paid when they are to be
collected from another, but when they come to
apply this rule to themselves and their own busi-
ness the matter is most materially changed. Let
the honorable Senators from the West and the
Northwest go into their own States and tax the
wheat and the corn and the hogs and the other
stock produced there as they have taxed cotton,
and what would their constituents say? They
would raise a rebellion—peaceful, true, it would
be that would sweep them from the seats which
they hold.
The honorable Senator from Oregon who
spoke yesterday and this morning [Mr. Wil-
liams] says truly that there is but a small
portion of the crop of the present year that has
