2632
THE OQJNTGlilSSSION'AL GLOlf.
of the war the question of suffrage was a mat-
ter of State control, placed there by the Con-
stitution and held-.there, without controversy
forthree quarters of a century. Never was the
contrary doctrine asserted until negro suffrage
beeamenecessary to sustain Radical supremacy.
To secure ten States in the interest of Radical-
ism it was essential to franchise all the blacks
and to disfranchise a large proportion of the
wh ite population. This re volution in our social
and political system has been intrusted to a
dictator at Washington, who is making rapid
progress through the instrumentality of his
subalterns in the southern States. Military
boards and not civil officers are enrolling and
registering the voters, deciding all points touch-
ing their qualifications. The dictator doubt-
less has the troops at his disposal to enforce the
arbitrary judgments of his subordinates ; but
we are not discussing a question of force, but
a question of right.
From what provision of the Constitution does
this military board derive its existence or its
extraordinary powers? What right has that
board or any other military tribunal to bestow
suffrage or to withhold suffrage from any man?
Have the people become weary of attending to
their own affairs and desirous of transferring
their best interests to the safe keeping of a
dictator? The theory of our governments,
State and Federal, has been that the military
should be subordinate to the civil; but a Radical
Congress, composed of the representatives of
a single section, and a standing army of sixty
thousandmen, have reversed the rule. Thewell
settled usages of the country and the authority
of four presidential proclamations, each of
which was a pledge of the national faith, have
been disregarded. Every man embraced by
the terms of these proclamations is in law as
completely restored to his rights as though he
had never committed an offense, and nothing
but a conviction of crime can deprive him of
such rights. If the people of Kentucky are
more unanimous in any one sentiment than any
other, it is in the wish that the animosities and
hostilities of the war may be buried and for-
gotten, and that a proclamation of general
pardon and amnesty may be issued without
delay restoring rights to all the citizens and
peace to the whole country.
If I have been correctly understood, my
position is: that the proclamations of Lincoln
and Johnson placed the southern people not
excluded by the exceptions in precisely the same
attitude with respect to franchises and immuni-
ties that they occupied before the war; and
while they do not recognize slavery they leave
all other rights of property untouched and
unimpaired. This is the fair construction and
the legal operation of the papers themselves.
Pains, penalties, disqualifications, and disfran-
chisements are wholly removed by pardon and
amnesty. Transgressions red as scarlet are
cleansed of their guilt, and the robe of inno-
cence obliterates them from the memory.
My own attainments in the law are too slight
and too superficial to claim any weight for my
opinions, hov^erer thorough my convictions
may bo of their justice. But there are Sena-
tors in this body who have devoted their lives
and their energies to legal pursuits, and honors
and eminence have been the rewards of their
toils and perseverance. They are the high
priests of the profession, who have gone within
the vail, and made their sacrifices in the holy
of holies. Let these oracles declare the law,
and say if my positions are not fairly deducible
from the precepts engraven upon the Ark of the
Covenant. If pardon and amnesty may be fol-
lowed by pains, penalties, and disqualifications,
let them so declare.
If I am wrong, I have the satisfaction of
knowing that some of the ablest and truest
men of the country concur in the opinions
expressed; and that, while I have not adopted
the language of the Supreme Court, I have at
least presented an outline of their views. If
I am right, pardon and amnesty restored the
people of the southern States to the enjoyment
of every civil right possessed by them anterior
to the war. If they were entitled to trial by
jury before the war, they are entitled to trial
by jury now ; if they could vote then, they can
vote now; if they had the right of represent:
ation then, they have it now; and if, in fine,
they lived in a sovereign State at that time they
live in a sovereign State to-day ; and no depart-
ment of this Government can legitimately treat
them otherwise than as the equals of the other
citizens of the Republic. If Congress can hold
the rights of the people of ten States in sus-
pense may it not by war or by legislation
increase the number until all the powers of
Government are centralized in a single State or
district, which may sit, like Rome, the arbitrary
mistress of a hemisphere, with prsetors and
proconsuls governing and plundering the sub-
ject provinces?
It is difficult to conccive anything more un-
just, unconstitutional, and impolitic than the
exclusion of a State or a part of a State from
its rights of representation. Such a power, in
Congress or elsewhere, is subversive of every
principle of representative republican govern-
ment, and must precipitate the overthrow of
our system. If you exclude now, does it not
become a precedent for your own exclusion
hereafter? Will sot every repetition of the out-
rage produce alienation, dissension, anarchy,
and strife, and hasten the day when laws
shall issue from camps, and when grape and
canister shall expound and enforce them?
Men change their political views, and, for
reasons satisfactory to themselves, denounce
and condemn the very measures which have
met their sanction and approval. The Radical
party, which was omnipotent a few years ago,
is rapidly losing its strength, and in a short
time will find itself in a hopeless minority.
Neither the ingenuity of demagogues, nor the
craft of wire-workers can prevent this inevit-
able result. Their doom is fixed, and military
prestige cannot even grant them a respite.
They may franchise the blacks and disfranchise
the whites, they may strike down the Supreme
Court, that great bulwark which was erected
as a sure defense against usurpation ; they may
consolidate all the powers of Government,
State and Federal, in a single department, or
in the hands of a single person ; they may
maintain the present military establishment of
sixty thousand men, with no enemy to encoun-
ter, to intimidate the people and compel their
acquiescence. But all these contrivances, and
twice as many more, are only calculated to swell
the sum of their enormities and hasten the
hour of their final overthrow.
In the brief space of time which is yet allotted
to them let them employ themselves sedu-
lously and prayerfully in efforts to restore the
Constitution, to lessen the burdens and to build
up the prosperity of the people, under the pieus
hope that retributive justice may fall less heavily
upon themselves. If they continue to perse-
cute others they may expect one day to become
the subjects of persecution; if they inflict pains
and penalties without authority of law, pains
and penalties may be visited upon them; if
they sow the wind, a voice from above declares
that they will reap the whirlwind.
In view of the mutations and changes con-
stantly transpiring in the country, it is morally
impossible for any party long to retain the reins
of power. Let those who now hold them
reflect seriously upon these things and act as
though there was at least a possibility that soon
or late other hands may direct the helm of
state. The worst fate that could befall the
country would be that parties should become
so intensified in their hostility that the true
interests of the people would be overlooked until
retribution and revenge should glut their insa-
tiate appetites. At every change proscription
would be rendered more ruthless and bloody,
until force and fraud would usurp the manage-
ment of our affairs and the control of our des-
tinies. It is the province of patriotism to inter-
pose its good offices at this crisis, to remove all
cause or occasion for crimination and recrim-
ination, and to establish peace and confidence
in the place of distrust and discord. If the
attainment of these objects is worthy of effort)
let oblivion rest upon the past, and let a
restored Constitution recognize and enforce
that equality of right and of privilege which is
the common inheritance of the freemen of this
land.
Why are the people of ten States debarred
from their rights under the Constitution ? Is
this ostracism in the interests of the Radical
party, or is it designed to promote the welfare
of the country? In abundant charity, let us
admit that apprehended danger is the true
ground of exclusion. But is it not a fact thai
three fourths of the alarms which convulse
society are purely fanciful? The mind of the
Know-nothing was kept in continual agitation
by his fears of the Pope. At night the dread
specter invaded his -chamber, driving sleep
from his pillow, and filling his heated imagin-
ation with phantoms of danger and despair.
At early morning he sallied forth, appealing to
the people to come to the rescue, and exhort-
ing them to make a dying struggle to save the
country from Papal machinations. In order
to do this we were assured that it was neces-
sary to disfranchise a large number of our
citizens. Whenever an outrageous wrong is
to be perpetrated, military necessity or the
perils of the hour afford a convenient plea in
justification.
Now, I never was afraid of the Pope, for I
never believed that he had any designs against
our institutions; and I am not afraid to admit
the southern States to their constitutional right
of representation. I will never consent to
admit them under the conditions and limit-
ations of reconstruction acts, but will always
contend that they have the same rights upou
this floor that belong to the other States of
this Union.
If any man will seriously contend that our
institutions would be imperiled by the admis-
sion of their representatives, that they are stiii
plotting the destruction of the Government, I
would refer him to the civil pursuits of the
leaders of the rebellion and to the destitute
and ruined condition of the country. Jefferson
Davis, after being indicted by a grand jury,
chained and imprisoned for months, is now at
large upon 3 bond signed by northern and by
southern men, undertaking that he will abide
by and perform the judgment of the coart.
Stephens lives quietly and peaceably at his
home in Georgia, Breckinridge wanders a vol-
untary exile in foreign lands, Lee has charge
of a college, Hill of a newspaper, Johnston of
a railroad, and a plain marble slab at Lexing-
ton, Virginia, with no inscription but his name,
marks the resting-place of Stonewall Jackson.
Such is the situation of the men who led the
councilsand the armies of therebellious States.
If there is asingle circumstance connected with
the conduct of one of them which indicates
even a disposition to raise further disturbances
I have neither seen it nor heard it. Besides,
they are men of sense, and fully comprehend
the hopeless character of an enterprise under-
taken with no resources to support it, when it
is assailed by the wealth and power of the
United States. Without men, without money,
without the means of subsistence, with their
recent experience before their eyes, no honest
man can charge them with the folly and the
madness of attempting another revolution.
If they have been guilty of crime and have not
been pardoned, prosecute them before the
courts, convict and punish them: but in the
name of justice and mercy, do not yourselves
become the law-makers, the judges, and the
executioners. There are three departments in
the Government: let not the legislative usurp
all tho powers of the other two.
The facts connected with the formation and
submission of the Arkansas constitution have
been so ably presented in speeches and reports
at the other end of the Capitol, and the fraud
and injustice of the measure so thoroughly-
exposed by the honorable member from the
Ashland district and by others, that a repeti-
tion by myself would be almostentirely useless.
There is a condition-precedent and a coa-
