10ft
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBj^
[January 25,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction and the Supreme Court—Mr. Stone.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction and the Supreme Court.
SPEECH OF HON. F. STONE,
oe maryland,
In the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1868.
Tho House being in the Committee of the Whole, on
the state of the Union oil the President's annual mes-
sage—
Mr. STONE said:
Mr. Chairman: Nothing but an impera-
tive sense of the duty I owe to my constituents
causes me to trouble the House to-day. The
extraordinary character of the legislation of the
past ten days makes it, in my opinion, the duty
of every Representative of the people on this
floor to express, both to the House and to the
country, his views upon the recent action of
this body. I propose, therefore, to express
some views upon the two recent acts that have
passed this branch of Congress, namely, the
bill in relation to the Supreme Court and the
reconstruction bill.
The first of these is a measure not designed
to be temporary in its operation. It is to
operate not for a few months, nor even a few
years, but is designed to be the law of this coun-
try for all time. No such excuse as is held up
to the country for passing the reconstruction
act applies to this. It professes to be a measure
that shall operate as long as this Government
shall last, or at least as long as that august tri-
bunal at which it is aimed shall exist. Although
I cannot hope to influence one single man of
the majority of this House, yet I feel it my duty
in behalf of those I represent to' enter their
most solemn protest against both these meas-
ures, so destructive of all the cardinal principles
of our Government, and so cruelly oppressive
of the people who have no voice in these Halls.
There has been introduced into this House
in the shape of an amendment to a Senate
bill—introduced after the hour of noon and
passed by this House before the set of sun—a
bill which may be properly named and charac-
terized as a bill to destroy the powers of the
Supreme Court, given to it by the Constitution,
and which vests this House with all tho powers
that the framers of that instrument had given
to that august tribunal. Two hours only were
deemed sufficient to destroy what it took the
Convention of 1789 months of anxious delibera-
tion to perfect—the judiciary of the United
States. If this bill becomes the law of the
land it at once destroys a coordinate branch
of this Government, and renders the Supreme
Court of the United States as powerless as if
they sat there statues clothed in their judicial
robes, instead of living and breathing men.
What does that bill propose ? It declares
that a question of the validity of an act of Con-
gress snail not be decided adversely to such
validity except by the judgments of two thirds
of the court. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment, is created by the Constitution, which says
" the judicial power of the United States shall
be vested in one Supreme Court," &c. By the
Constitution the Supreme Court, then, was made
a coordinate branch of this Government of
equal dignity with the legislative and executive
branches. What did the framers of the Con-
stitution mean by the words " Supreme Court?"
W hen we know the meaning attached to them
in 1789, has the legislative department of this
Government now a right to change that plain
meaning of the words used in the Constitution
of the United States? Have they a right thus
practically to abolish that instrument by declar-
ing that words which its framers well knew the
meaning of, and the meaning of which had been
known for centuries, shall now have a differ-
ent meaning? If they have there is an end to
tho Constitution, and Congress is the supreme
power of the Government—it is legislative,
executive, and judicial, and there is no hope of
national liberty regulated by law in this great
Republic. What, then, is the meaning of and
the powers- necessarily included in the words
" Supreme Court?" For seven hundred years,
in the courts of Westminster Hall and wher-
ever the English language—the language in
which our Constitution is written—has been
spoken or written the word "court" has con-
cluded and meant the power of decision by a
majority of the bench.
When the Convention said there should be
a "Supreme Court" did they not mean and
include all the powers that had been so uni-
versally included in the word court? I chal-
lenge the gentlemen upon the other side who
supported this bill reported from tho J udiciary
Committee to show me where, not in England
only, but upon the whole continent of Europe,
that word in any nation has ever been used to
express a different moaning from that, a body
of men the majority of whom have a right to
decide. Thus the framers of our Constitution
used it, and thus it has over been used. And
now, at this time, the Congress of the United
States claims the right to take away from the
majority of that court a right to decide upon
the life, liberty, and property of the citizen, and
in some cases to give it to the minority. If
this Congress can say that the Supreme Court
shall not give a judgment unless two thirds
agree, have they not equal power to say that
one third shall be suflicient? Do they not in
fact say by this bill that in a certain class of
cases a minority of that tribunal shall decide ?
It is but one step more for Congress to say how
the court shall decide every question. If they
say that two thirds shall be necessary to decide
against the validity of acts of Congress, they
say in effect that a minority of the court shall
have a right to decidc in favor of such acts ; as
this bill requires two to one of the judges to
declare an act void on constitutional grounds,
the conclusion is irresistible that Congress con-
siders its own acts just twice as binding as the
Constitution, and they, having come to that con-
clusion, wish the judiciary also to adopt that
view.
But, supposing the bill to he ever so consti-
tutional, it presents a strange anomaly. 'The
Supreme Court now consists of eight; and by
an act of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, in the
course of time, will consist only of seven
judges. Of those seven judges it will require
five to declare an act of Congress invalid ; three
of the seven may declare it to be valid, and
however clcar, however plain the law may be
against both the spirit and the letter of the Con-
stitution, three out of the seven judges can give
it validity under this bill. And when that con-
tingency occurs a man who goes into that court
claiming his rights under the Constitution,
signed by George Washington, willlose his case,
although he may have four of the seven judges
in his favor ; while the man who goes into that
court with a claim under an act of Congress,
signed by the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House, will gain his cause if he
has in his favor only three out of the seven
judges.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will tho gentleman
yield to me for a question?
Mr. STONE. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. I agree that my ques-
tion is rather for tho other side of the House
than for the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Stone.] I desire, however, to ask him this
question, in this connection, in the ease which
he supposes of four judges who are of the
opinion that an act of Congress is un constitu-
tional: if they direct their clerk, who is but
the creature of the majority of the judges, to
enter that judgment on their record, I want to
know where there is any power to review or
amend that decision ?
Mr. STONE. Nowhere, sir. I am thank-
ful to the gentleman for the interruption.
There is no such power anywhere, so long, at
least, as the Ccsistituinon exists which was
signed by George Washington. There exists
nowhere in this Government any such power;
and from that decision there rests no appeal
on this earth ; and I am glad there is no such
appeal. Thank God, that court, in the past,
and I hope in the future, mindful of its high
duty, stands between the people and their
oppressors, between national liberty regulated
by law and absolute, uncontrolled despotism.
Nowhere does there exist the power of appeal.
I have referred to this to show how uncon-
stitutional, how void, how idle it is for_ this
House, assembled, as it is, under and by virtue
of the Constitution, claiming and exercising
powers by virtue of the Constitution, to pre-
tend to say that they can by their breath east
down in the dust a coordinate branch of the
Government established by the people, upheld
by the people, and which has stood by the
people and the people's rights.
Sir, you may pass this law. We have each
and all of us sworn to support the Constitu-
tion. The judges of that august tribunal have
done the same. And there is no power in this
House or in the Executive to declare of that
court, as long as the court exists, that the
powers it derives from that Constitution can
be overridden and utterly destroyed by this
House.
But that bill is not the only one which with-
in the last ten days has been aimed at the
independence and the efficiency of the judi-
cial department of the United States. A bill,
I think, miscalled "the reconstruction bill,"
has been introduced into and passed by this
House, declaring that the existence of certain
States of this Union shall not be recognized
by the judicial power and authority of the
United States. Sir, this is the first time in the
whole history of this Government that the
legislative branch of the Government has ever
attempted to say in advance what shall be the
decision of the judicial department of the
Government. This is the first time that the
Congress of the United States has ever said,
through a solemn legislative enactment, to the
Supreme Court of the United States, "Close
your ears to every appeal made to you by a
citizen of the United States; we say to you
that you shall not hear any such appeal: we, a
coordinate branch of the Government, say to
you that you shall hear no crv for relief that
comes up from any of the millions of people
in ten States of this Union." The very first
section of that bill says that the existence of
those States shall not be recognized by the
executive or judicial departments of this Gov-
ernment.
Since the time that the great charter, which
for ten centuries has been the boast and the
pride of every man who speaks the English
language, was extorted from King dohn,where
is there to be found any example of such legis-
lation? The Congress says, "Be deaf: close
your ears; we are not content with exercising
all the vast powers which the Constitution
gives us to enact laws, but we step beyond that
and say to the whole nine million people in
these ten States that the Supreme Court shall
not hear their cry. Your lives, jour lil.ei'.ies.
your property may be in danger and in jeop-
ardy; but you must address your prajers to
God, for man shall not hear you."
Is not this so? I have heard again and again
much declamation in regard to " equal rights,"
human rights," and "eternal principle? of
justice;'' but I have never heard one argu-
ment to show why it was declared in that bill
that men over whom this free and great Gov-
ernment, claims jurisdiction, for whom it claims
to legislate, should not be heard when appeal-
ing to a great coordinate branch of this Gov-
ernment. If the bill was right, if it was founded
I] upon constitutional power, if it was founded
L upon tho "eternal principles" of which gen-
ii tlemen on the other side are perpetually talk-
' ing, then, in the name of the great God who
11 rules us all, why close the doors of the Supremo
