1868.
rm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m%
dition-subsequent to the admission of the
southern States. The first requires the per-
formance of an act concerning which the other
States have been left to their own discretion,
and the second ordains the omission of an act
which the other States may omit or not at will.
The condition-precedent requires the southern
States before admission to adoptthefourteenth
amendment to the Constitution; and in case
of their failure or refusal to do so their exclu-
sion would be certain. They are not left to
deliberate upon the propriety and expediency
of the measure, and to adopt or reject it as
their judgments may approve or condemn;
but Congress, by the exercise of power wholly
unauthorized by the Constitution, has estab-
lished this new test of admission to the Union.
The condition-subsequent is incorporatsd
into the act to admit the State of Arkansas to
representation in Congress; and provides that
the constitution shall never be so amended or
changed as to deprive any citizen or class of
citizens of the United States of the right to
vote who are entitled to vote by the'^onstitu-
tion herein recognized except as a punishment
for crime.
This last condition was inserted to perpet-
uate negro suffrage and Radical rule, and is
probably the most flagrant example of uncon-
stitutional and partisan legislation to be found
upon our records. A negro cannot be deprived
of the right of suffrage unless he is convicted
of a crime which is a felony at common law;
and yet there are thousands of white men who
are stripped of this privilege who have never
been convicted of any offense whatever. Those
who favor impartial suffrage cannot support
this bill.
Negro suffrage is an experiment, and there
is a great diversity of opinion as to the pro-
priety of conferring such a privilege upon a
large class who have been unaccustomed to and
who arc deemed unfit for its exercise. Many
of the northern States in their recent elections
have refused to accord this right to the negroes
in their own borders, but still they do not hes-
itate to place the southern States under their
control. If experience shall demonstrate the
fact that the negro is unworthy of the trust
reposed in him by this constitution; if the
white people are to pay an annual tax of twenty
millions to su pport him in idleness; if, instead
of progress, ignorance and superstition should
cast their dark shadows over his feeble under-
standing; if, spurning ourreligion and our laws,
he should erect the standard of revolt and
inaugurate another rebellion, still you could
not deprive him of his right of suffrage under
the " fundamental condition " of this bill until
you had convicted him of a crime which
amounts to a felony at common law.
Though your Constitution, your laws, and
your liberties should perish in the storm, negro
suffrage must be saved from the wreck. The
other articles of the Arkansas constitution
may be amended as time and experience may
demonstrate the propriety or necessity; but
negro suffrage, being the highest achievement
of Radical philosophy, must stand pure,
unchanged, and immaculate. Our ancestors,
who were at least as wise as ourselves, chose
to withhold suffrage from the negro; and if
you shall change their practice and bestow it,
upon what principle will you fasten your judg-
ment upon posterity in the shape of an irre-
pealable law ?
Congress may admit new States, but I deny
any authority to readmit the old States into the
Union, especially when, by a fair computation,
as in this instance, it appears that a decided
majority of the people voted against the con-
stitution.
A reference to the report of the officer
appointed to investigate the frauds clearly
shows that the election was conducted in viola-
tion of the express orders of the general com-
manding the district and in conflict with the
registration law of Congress.
The majority for the constitution was 1,316
votes. In Pulaski county the vote exceeds the
registration by 1,195. In this county few oaths
were administered and no questions were asked
concerning the residence of the voters. The
negroes seem to have voted as often as they
desired in the same or in different precincts.
In Jefferson county seven hundred and thirty
persons were allowed to vote who were regis-
tered elsewhere, and the election was conducted
on the same liberal principles as in Pulaski,
and even more so, as voting by proxy was per-
mitted. A negro woman, whose husband was
in jail, cast a vote for the constitution. The
registrar neglected to forward the polls and
carried them to Little Rock, where he spent
several days in a state of intoxication ; and it
may have been that during that period the vote
of his county swelled to such enormous pro-
portions. The revision of the registration was
continued until the close of the polls, which
enabled the judges to make and unmake votes
as the necessities of the case might require.
The general commanding the district, to secure
a fair and impartial expression of public sen-
timent, ordered that no registrar should bo a
candidate for office ; but a subaltern reversed
the order, and the registrars were generally
candidates in their respective counties.
In Spadra precinct, in Johnson county, one
hundred and fifty registered voters made oath
that they individually voted against the consti-
tution, while by the official returns only ninety-
nine votes were east against the constitution.
This discrepancy, however, was explained by
the testimony of two witnesses, that the votes
were changed in the ballot-box during the
night between the two days of election. If
votes were surreptitiously taken out on one
side, a very slight suspicion might arise that
others were jiut in at the same time. One of
the judges of election voted twice, but stated,
when jthe spurious vote was afterward with-
drawn from the ballot-box by his associate, that
he was in fun. How far the sportive disposi-
tion of the judge may have been imitated by
his friends and admirers does not appear.
These are only a few of the most prominent
facts elicited by the investigation which lasted
only four days, when it should have been, at
least, twice as many weeks, if the whole truth
were at all desirable, Respectable men pledged
themselves to establish frauds in every county
in the State, and, considering the amount of
evidence arrayed in four days, it is difficult to
conceive what the proof would have been if
time had-been allowed. From the evidence
adduced grave doubts are justly entertained
as to the justice, the fairness, and the impar-
tiality of the election. I hope that Senators,
under the circumstances, will feel disposed to
afford ample opportunity for taking proof in
order that our action may be based upon a
knowledge of all the facts. A constitution
framed and adopted as this was, by congres-
sional dictation and under military orders and
in disregard of law, can hardly be said to re-
flect the wishes or to protect the true interests
of the people of Arkansas.
If the new constitution of Arkansas is repub-
lican in form, it is republican in nothing else.
The first principles of republicanism have been
violated in its formation and submission, and
truth itself has been put to shame by the pre-
tense of its adoption. It is neither the child
nor the adopted child of Arkansas. She spurns
it from her presence and appeals to the Gov-
ernment and the world to save her character
from the stigma of having given birth to such
a monster. She is willing to submit to any
rule, to bow to any despotism, to suffer any
humiliation that malice can invent or that
tyranny can inflict; but in the wreck of all
else she desires to guard the sanctuary of her
innocence ; and if she must fall, like the Roman
matron, she is resolved that nothing short of a
combination of treachery and violence shall
accomplish her ruin.
The people of Arkansas are innocent of this
constitution. They have had little, if any,
agency in its formation. Those who framed
and fashioned it were born and educated be-
yond the borders of that State. The conditions
and qualifications were imposed by men whose
homes were remote and whose feelings were
unfriendly to the most cultivated and intelli-
gent classes of southern society. It was the
deliberate purpose of those who had charge
of the business to place the whites under the
domination and control of the blacks. But
with all the aid of partisan legislation and fraud-
ulent registration, supported by the strong
arm of the military, this contrivance against
the peace and happiness of a prostrate and
powerless people, frauds deducted, has been
frustrated and defeated by the action of the
very agents who had been chosen and selected
to ratify and confirm it. Condemned by the
tribunal to which it was referred, literally
slaughtered in the house of its friends, an act
of Congress is invoked to give it vitality, and
the General of oar armies, at the head ef his
troops, sword in hand, is to enforce it. The
present and past condition of Arkansas will
not be materially changed by the Government
sought to be established under this constitu-
tion. Chained to the chariot wheels of the
victor, a captive and a slave, she swells his
triumph, but speaks, moves, and breathes only
by his permission.
Will some member of the Senate -be kind
enough to point his finger to some clause in
the Constitution which authorizes the over-
throw of ten State governments, the registra-
tion of their votes by military officers, and the
transfer of all their powers to the despotic
will Of asingleman? Will he be good enough
to indicate some provision which gives sanc-
tion, or even the semblance of sanction, to the
extraordinary pretensions of General Grant,
who governs without any civil restraint eight
millions of our people ? It may be asserted with-
out fear of contradiction that a more absolute
monarch never despoiled a nation of its liber-
ties. He is the Warwick of America, and
kings, satraps, and military governors rise and
fall at his bidding.
message from tub iiouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolutions; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. B. No. 788) to regulate the ap-
praisement and inspection of imports in certain
cases, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 215) relative
to the Louisville Bridge Company ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 279) in rela-
tion to the breakwater at Portland, Maine.
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I more that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after two
hours spent in executive session, the doora
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 28,18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botnton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
pension laws.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1122) to construe cer-
tain laws relating to pensions ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
BOUNTIES.
Mr. PAINE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. P . No. 1123) to construe
the law granting additional bounties; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
REMOYAL Of SUITS.
Mr. POLSLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1124) to provide
for the removal of certain suits from the State
