1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
40th Cong. ... 2d Sbss.
Reconstruction and the Supreme Court—Mr. Stone.
Ho. op Reps.
Court against the presentation of such a ques-
tion? Why say that the court should never
tear the cause ?
To those gentlemen on the other side who
seem to think an act of Congress more sacred
than our Constitution, I beg leave to refer to
the language of Alexander Hamilton, speak-
ing of the judicial power of the United States
in the seventy-eighth number of the Fede-
ralist :
'/There is no position which depends on clearer
principles than that ovcry act of a delegated author-
ity contrary to the tenor of the commission under
which it is exercised is void. No legislative act,
therefore, contrary to the Constitution, can bo valid.
To deny this would be to affirm that tho deputy is
greater than his principal; that the servant is above
Ins master; that the Representatives of the people
are superiorto the people themselves; thatmen act-
ing by virtue of powers may do not only wljat their
powers do not authorize but what they forbid."
Within the brief period to which I have
alluded another measure has also been passed
by this House. It is a bill declaring, among
other things, that ten States of this Union have
not governments republican in form. Sir, the
Constitution of the United States at the time
of its adoption left to the people of the States
the right to fix the elective franchise. Noth-
ing on earth, I presume, is clearer than this
proposition. The States at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution had prescribed
different rules with regard to the exercise of
the elective frauehise. Some of them had a
properly qualification, some had not. The
Constitution wisely left it to the States them-
selves to say what should be the qualifications
of electors. The question was at that time
thoroughly discussed. The danger of leaving
it to Congress to determine by a legislative
enactment the qualifications for the exercise of
the elective franchise was clearly foreseen.
Every liepresentative ill this House at this
hour holds his seat by virtue of that clause of
the Constitution leaving it to the various States
to prescribe each for itself the qualifications of
electors. This Congress now declares in sub-
stance, and for the first time in our history as
a nation, that republican government necessa-
rily implies negro suffrage; that unless a State
gives to the negroes within its limits the right
of suffrage the government of that State is not
republican in form and Congress has a right
to change it.
Sir, if we admit, contrary to the direct letter
as well as the spirit of the Constitution, that
Congress has the right to prescribe for the
States the qualifications necessary for the exer-
cise of the elective franchise, the same power
that to-day declares negro suffrage all-essential
in the South may to-morrow declare that women
suffrage or children suffrage is necessary to con-
stitute a republican government in the North ;
and what is the fate of Virginia to-day may be the
fate of Maryland and Kentucky to-morrow, and
of Pennsylvania and New York the day after.
Once depart from the authority of Congress as
defined and limited in the Constitution, and
the power of Congress is unlimited. Once
depart from the provision giving the States the
exclusive right to regulate suffrage and it will,
in the language of the Federalist, depend upon
the changing humors of Congress to declare
what may or may not be a republican govern-
ment.
But, sir, this bill goes further. It not only
asserts by necessary implication the right of
Congress to declare that republican government
shall mean negro suffrage ; in the extreme
haste to attain that snd it violates every con-
stitutional provision designed for the security
of individual rights. The bill recently passed
by this House does not repeal the act of March
2, 18(37, except in certain particulars. It does
not repeal the third section of that act which
gives to district commanders tho power '"to
protect ail persons in their rights of person
and property, to suppress insurrection, disor-
der, and violence, and to punish or cause to be
punished all disturbers of the public peace and
criminals." That provision will still remain
in force.
But, sir, I beg leave to state that there is
this great difference between the act of March
2, 1867, and the act passed this session. By
the former act it was left to the discretion of
the district commanders to allow the civil
courts to take cognizance of and protect the
rights of individuals in their persons and in
their property, and to punish criminals and
suppress disorder. This bill in one lino abol-
ishes all government in these ten States, and
with the government falls every court in that
magnificent territory, three times, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] said, the
territorial area of France. This bill abolishes
all government, executive, legislative, and ju-
dicial, and deprives the district commander of
the discretion which he had under the former
act. In one line of your bill, at one stroke of
your pen, you have done what no other legis-
islative body ever did since the world was cre-
ated, and I defy gentlemen to point me to an
instance to the contrary. You have abolished
all law over nine million people and substituted
in its place the arbitrary, unrestrained will of
a colonel of infantry or cavalry to decide what
is disorder, what is disturbance of the public
peace, what is insurrection, and what crimes
require punishment.
Sir, the question that was asked by a distin-
guished Representative from the State of Ohio
[Mr. Cam] is unanswered, unanswerable. Who
can punish a distiict commander or the General
of the Army when he seizes an innocent man and
consigns him either to a felon's cell or to an
ignominious death? Where is the power to
hold him amenable? When arraigned in a civil
court, if ever he should be, he can turn with
triumph to this act and say that the judiciary
of tho United States cannot take cognizance of
his acts. If an appeal is made to his superior
officer to court-martial him he can walk into
the court with a printed copy of this law in
hand and say, " I hung that man because tho
law said I should repress disorder and punish
criminals; and he was a criminal. Tell me
who can say that he was not?"
And yet, gentlemen with the Constitution
upon their lips, with liberty, fraternity, and
equality eternally resounding in this Hall, with
professions of love for republican government
and for rational freedom regulated by law,
consign one third of this country to the tender
mercies of colonels in the Army, without appeal
from their decisions, and with no hope of
redress from either the legislative or the judi-
cial power of this country!
Sir, that question has never yet been an-
swered. The gentleman to whom it was
addressed [Mr. Bingiiam] says there is a fine
and imprisonment. Imposed upon whom?
Not upon the man who carries out this provis-
ion, but upon the man who opposes it. The
fine is for the Executive of the United States
if he opposes tho law; it is for the judiciary,
if they decide against it; but not for the colo-
nels of the Army or for the General of the
Army.
Sir, if you have the right, which the gentle-
men of the majority in this House claim, to
seize these States and give them a republican
form of government, have you a right in doing
so to violate every principle of that Constitu-
tion which was intended to guard individual
rights? Have you a right in guarantying to
the States a republican form of government to
violate the other provisions of the Constitu-
tion ? Have you a right in order to carry out
one provision of the Constitution to violate the
other ninety and nine? Have you a right to
seize upon an innocent citizen of the United
States, be he loyal or be he rebel, and hang
him in order to secure to other persons a re-
publican form of government? Is not that the
whole theory upon which this bill is based, that
you have a right, in order to carry out one pro-
vision of the Constitution, to violate ninety-
nine others which are more important and
which the great men of 1789 believed they had
made unchangeable?
Mr. Chairman, I believe it is labor lost, but
I cannot forbear reading to the committee a
part of the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States, in 4 Wallace, page 120:
"The historyof the world had taught them that
what was done in the past might be attempted in the
future. The Constitution of the United States is a
law for rulers and people equally in war and in
peace, and covers with the shield of its protection
all classes of men, at all times, and under all circum-
stances. No doctrine involving more pernicious con-
sequences was ever invented by the wit of man than
that any of its provisions can be suspended during
any of the jrreat exigencies of the Government.
Such a doctrine leads directly to anarchy or despot-
ism. But the theory of necessity upon which it is
based is false; for the Government within the Con-
stitution has all the powers granted to it which are
necessary to preserve its existence."
When gentlemen say that for the sake of that
one article they can violate all the others I beg
leave not only to refer them to the plain written
language of that instrument but to that decis-
ion reaffirming it. That decision declared that
a citizen of the United States, although in the
midst of war, could not be seized and tried by
a military tribunal. And yet, before the ink is
dry on the paper upon which that decision was
written this branch of the Legislature declares
by the fourth section of the reconstruction bill
that you can try any man by a military tribunal
whether he be a civilian or not; and the power
is conferred upon subordinate officers of the
Army to try civilians.
But that is not all. The third section gives
the power to the district commanders to estab-
lish martial law. Now, whatdoestheSupreme
Court say in regard to that?
" Martial law established on such a basis destroys
every guarantee of the Constitution, and effectually
renders the military independent of and superior to
tho civil power. _ Tho attempt to do which by tho
kingof Great Britain was deemed by our fathers such
an offense that they assigned it to the world as ono
of tho causes which impelled them to declare their
independence. Civil liberty and this kind of martial
law cannot endure together. Tho antagonism is
irroconcilable, and in the conflict ono or the other
must perish."
Sir, not only does this bill encroach upon
the judicial power of the United States but
upon the executive power. It gives the Gen-
eral of the Army exclusive command over the
Army in the South. It takes away from the
President the command of a part of the Army.
It is said on the other side of the House that
the President of the United States is to see
that the laws are faithfully executed—that he
must carry out the laws of Congress. Tell me,
sir, what was the use of placing in the instru-
ment the article giving him the command of
the Army and Navy if Congress can take it
away from him ? What does that power amount
to if the General of the Army can assign to tho
command of a military district his subordinates
A, B, and C ? Is not the power of the President
gone? If the General of the Army has the
power to command over the territory of the
South by act of Congress he may have equal
power conferred upon him to command over
the North. The command of the Army of the
United States necessarily involves the direc-
tion of the troops. If the President chooses
to assign an officer who has been assigned by
the General of tho Army to the command of a
military district on the Pacific coast he would
have an unquestionable right to do so. Other-
wise he has no command of the Army of the
United States.
Although this clause of the Constitution
seems to me sufficiently plain I beg leave to
refer to the opinion, not of the court itself, but
of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court on
this subject, to be found in 4 Wallace, page
! 139 :
| '"This power necessarily extends to all legislation
! essential to the pro.#eution; with vigor ami
Chief.''
