226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
December 17,
and their former slaves. This was about to
be done ; and but for the movements of dema-
gogues who have been aspiring to the Presi-
dency and the legislation of Congress this
would have been done before now, and the
pacification of the country would have been
completed. Many of those who use the cant
phrase "good faith" do not understand its
meaning, and have not brains and sense enough
to comprehend it.
I say the plan of which I have spoken would
have brought peace. It is the plan of the
Constitution; it is not the President's plan.
It is a plan that has been recognized by the
Supreme Court. It is a plan that the Consti-
tution and the men who framed it themselves
prepared, and the reception of which would
have been hailed by the whole country, and
would, two years before this debt assumed
anything like half its present proportions, have
pacified the country, have brought the rebel-
lion to a close, have reestablished the Union
and the Constitution in all their power, and
have brought fraternity, peace, and prosperity
to the whole people of the United States,
North and South. You, gentlemen of the
majority, are the authors of the maladminis-
tration of the Government that defeated this
glorious termination of the wicked rebellion,
and prevented the re'establishment of the Gov-
ernment in all its power and in all its peaceful
and just protection to the people.
Sir, if the honorable Senator from Vermont
wishes to restore prosperity and peace, let him
set himself to work to heal the bleeding wounds
of the nation, not to make more, not to cruelly
lacerate those which have already been made.
Let him give up the vagary of negro suffrage
by Federal authority, which the States of the
Union will never concede—the States North as
well as South, and the States North last of all.
It was once a great principle of the State of
Massachusetts that the people of each State
have the exclusive and paramount right to
manage their own internal and local govern-
ment and attend to their own local affairs.
They have a right to say, and they will say,
and they will never be worthy of a written con-
stitution and of free government unless they
continue to say, that the right of suffrage is a
local matter which belongs to the States, over
which the Government of the United States
never was intended to have power by those
who framed the Constitution, and they will say
that it never shall have power over that sub-
ject. The intelligent, reasoning, and able Sen-
ator from Vermont has read carefully the de-
bates on the Constitution. I commend to his
further reading the recent publication of the
Madison papers. I never could fully conceive
the propriety of that lofty tribute which was
paid to Mr. Madison in denominating him "the
father of the Constitution" until I read those
writings. He knew more(X)f the wants of the
country, of the defects of the old system of con-
federation, and the provisions by which those
defects were to be remedied and still preserve
State rights and popular liberty, than all the
men who ever lived, in my judgment. If the
honorable Senator has read, as I have no
doubt he has, those papers, he cannot doubt
that if a proposition had been made in that
Convention over which Washington presided,
where Franklin and his associate sages and
statesmen were met to transmit the inherit-
ance of constitutional government and popular
liberty to oilr country—if the proposition had
been asserted that the United States Govern-
ment, by any possible amendment of the Con-
stitution in the future, could ever assume the
power to regulate the matter of suffrage in the
States, it would have scattered the Conven-
tion like an earthquake does the summit of a
mountain.
Sir, there are certain great ideas of State
rights in subordination to a restricted general
power in the United States Government, great
constitutional guarantees, restrictions, regula-
tions, limitations upon the Government, that
Cpnnot long be transcended by any party in
America. The present party in power has
been utterly disregardful of these rights, re-
strictions, constitutional principles, and prin-
ciples of liberty which are ingrafted upon the
Constitution, and which the hopes of our
fathers led them to think would be perpetuated
to their posterity. They have been disregarded
and endangered, but the people are coming,
and they will come to the rescue, and they will
redeem that great heritage of Government
and of liberty, that rich legacy of our fathers,
a Constitution combining limited powers in
the General Government with the reserved
rights and powers of the States ; they will re-
deem it from that destruction and final ruin
with which until the last year it seemed for
some timepast to be threatened.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I believe [
the pending question is yet on the cotton tax
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is, and
the pending motion is to postpone.
Mr. SHERMAN. I went out of the Cham-
ber a few moments ago,'and I did not know but
that in the meanwhile the Senate had acted on
the motion to postpone and had got up some
other bill. I trust the Senate will now without
further debate express its opinion as to the
necessity or propriety of passing this bill before
the holidays by voting upon the motion to post-
pone. It is a question which does not address
itself to the feeling of any Senator, and it is 1
proper that we should have it settled. I do not ,
desire to press it unduly against the will of the
Senate ; but I should like to have the question
of postponement settled this evening. Every
Senator can judge for himself whether we ought
to act upon this bill at this time, or whether we
should postpone it until we come to general
legislation on the subject of internal revenue.
I trust, therefore, that without any further
debate we may have a vote on the question of
postponement.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am certainly ignorant of what I have
said that should seem to provoke the ire of the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the honorable Senator
will not mistake my earnestness for ire. I
have not a particle of that in my mind.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will not
retort, Mr. President, by saying that the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is fully competent to be
the scold of this body and of the entire Con-
gress and of the universe, because that is not
to my taste. I have noticed in the short time
I have been in public life that epithets and
names applied to public men are of no conse-
quence unless they are sufficiently just to stick.
I merely referred to Kentucky on yesterday
in complimentary terms, and desired that the
southern States should be like unto her. Was
there anything in that to which the Senator
should take exception? To be sure, in a
playful manner I did relate a simple story that
might be called of the mother-goose sort in
relation to the position of the Senator's State on
the subject of slavery; but having paid so high
a compliment to Kentucky as I did, I thougnt
perhaps it was necessary to do away with some
of its effect. I was somewhat like the gentle-
man who was besieged by a sturdy beggar in
the streets, and having given him half a dol-
lar immediately gave the beggar a kick. His
companion by his side wanted to know how he
could be so cruel after having given the poor
fellow a half dollar. "Why," said he, "the
poor rascal would have been under obligation
to me forever if I had not done something to
do away with it." [Laughter.] That was the
only purpose for which I related the story.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Vermont has no doubt succeeded admirably in
his own estimation and conceit.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I have
felt at a k>ss to know how much is involved in
this question. According to the Senator from
. Kentucky, it appears to involve a very wide
j range of issues, but I am not willing to indorse
| that view. If you listen to his argument, and
I take it for granted that the argument had ref-
erence to the subject, it seems that in voting
for this bill we admit, first, that we were
wrong in making the war; second, that we
have violated our pledges which we gave when
we said that the war was prosecuted for the
preservation of the Union ; third, that we
acted in bad faith toward McClellan ; fourth,
that we have kept the Union unreconstructed;
fifth, that we have violated the Constitution
under any and all circumstances and at all
times for wicked and malicious purposes; and
sixth, that now, the country having spoken, it
is time for us to take the back track and do
justice to these people.
When this bill was presented I had supposed
that it was not quite as wide in its range as the
argument seems to indicate, but on reflection,
during the progress of the discussion, I am
inclined to think that it is somewhat more im-
portant in its consequences and has more im-
portant relations to other subjects than I at
first supposed.
I am charged by the Senator from Kentucky
with having been a warm advocate of the
im] isition of the tax on cotton. That is not
tru' I voted last year to reduce the tax. I
believe I have voted on each occasion when
the question has been presented for the least
amount of tax, on each occasion following the
Committee on Finance. I had no part in it.
The Finance Committee had a system which
they presented for our consideration. They
relied upon the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury. I think we have all gone a little
wrong; we have raised too much revenue. I
think it was a financial mistake to pay any part
of the national debt in the last three years. I
do not blame anybody; but the estimates have
been too large. The desire to keep up the
national credit having perhaps influenced more
or less the Secretary of the Treasury, his esti-
mates have been too large, and the result is
that we have raised more money than was
necessary. Last year the revenue was reduced
somewhat, but not sufficiently. In doing this
we have depressed man}' branches of industry.
Experience now teaches us that it is possible for
us to relieve many of the branches of industry
that are oppressed by taxation. Pretty much
all branches of industry in the country are op-
pressed. They would endure it if it was neces-
sary to keep up the credit and maintain the faith
of the Government. Everybody is resolved that
the credit of the Government shall be kept up
and maintained ; but I believe there is a firm
conviction, and it is generally admitted, that
the present generation ought not to be loaded
with the payment of the national debt, partic-
ularly at the present time, until commerce can
revive, until trade can again become active,
until industry generally throughout the coun-
try can be very much improved. It is univer-
sally conceded, then, that we can and will
reduce taxation. That is an admitted propo-
sition.
It is complained that this tax has always
been very unjust, and that we have been very
unjust toward the South, and have discrimi-
nated against the South in this taxation. That
matter was thoroughly discussed at the last
session. I was then satisfied that the Finance
Committee had arranged the system of taxa-
tion so as to make it fall as equally as they
could. I was satisfied that it was not done in
any spirit of oppression to any section. But
now this bill comes in, standing alone, liberat-
ing and exonerating the South almost entirely
from taxation. Perhaps that ought to be done.
Perhaps they can show that it ought to be
done. I, however, have not yet seen such a
showing to my own satisfaction. I am not pre-
pared to say that the tax ought not to be taken
oft entirely; but I have no doubt that on exam-
ination you will find that there are many arti-
cles in the northern States that are equally
depressed, that there are many branches of
industry which have been almost destroyed,
and which must be relieved, and in regard to
which the urgency for immediate action is
equally great. I hear of them every day.
Business is depressed; every month is sena 
