2634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
courts to the circuiteourtof the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
JAMBS M. WABRBK.
Mr. RAUM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1125) to authorize
James M. Warren to transfer or locate a cer-
tain military land warrant therein named ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
DOCUMENTS FOR NATIONAL ASYLUMS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offered a resolution yes-
terday, which was adopted, to supply public
documents to the national asylum for disabled
soldiers. The resolution was drawn in the
Clerk's office, and I find that it was not made
a joint resolution, as it should have been. I
ask leave to offer a joint resolution in substance
the same as the resoulution adopted.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read; alter which the Chair will ask for
objections.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that there shall be placed under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, in
addition to the number of public documents
now distributed by him, to be sent to the na-
tional asylum for disabled volunteer soldiers at
Dayton, Ohio, and the two branches at Augusta,
Maine, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin, each, one
copy each of the following documents, namely:
the Journals of each House of Congress at each
and every session, all laws of Congress, the
annual messages of the President, with accom-
panying documents, and all other documents
or books which may be printed or bound by
order of either House of Congress, including
the Congressional Globe.
The question was upon granting leave to
introduce tlie joint resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have just learned that
the Clerk's office has again made a mistake ;
the second mistake of the Clerk's office; that
these documents should be placed under the
control of the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House, instead of the Secretary
of the Interior. I will, therefore, modify the
joint resolution accordingly.
Mr. UPSON'. Is the Congressional Globe
to be supplied from its commencement?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no.
Mr. UPSON. I think as the joint resolution
now reads it covers the whole of them.
Mr. ALLISON. As I understand the effect
of this joint resolution it provides for furnish-
ing to each of these three asylums one copy of
each public document that has been printed
by order of Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. If these documents are to
be spared, [ think they should be sent. But the
joint resolution is not so drawn.
Mr. ALLISON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To save
all question, let it apply to those to be published
hereafter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would suggest that it go
back to the commencement of the war.
Mr. UPSON. Say beginning of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I will modify
the resolution so as to cover the documents
published since the commencement of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress. These books are for
men who would take a special interest in read-
ing every document, published by Congress
since the commencement of the war.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 278) to supply books and pub-
lic documents to the national asylums for dis-
abled soldiers was received and read afirstand
second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. COBURN. We have a soldiers' home
in the State of Indiana, with one hundred and
twenty inmates, erected at large expense, and
now just finished. I would like to have this
resolution amended so as to include the sol-
diers' home in Indiana.
Mr. UPSON. That is unnecessary. The
members from that State can supply all the
documents needed there.
Mr. SCHENCK. These soldiers' homes
have been established itn a number of States.
I have confined this joint resolution to the
national asylum and its branches chartered by
Congress. I hope no gentleman will attempt
to introduce these State local asylums or homes,
for there is a large number of them. Now I
call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohenck] that,
as he is informed} some of these documents
can be procured only at the book stores at a
high price, having been all distributed by
members.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will modify it so
as to apply only to such documents as can be
procured otherwise than by purchase, and now
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS Olf GL'CHtOIi FISHER.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1120) for the re-
lief of the heirs and legal representatives of
George Fisher, deceased; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to l'eeonsider the
various votes by which bills have been referred
to committees this morning; and I also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and the first business in order is
the presentation of reports from the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
BREAKWATER AT TORTLAND, MAINE.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 27!)) in relation to the
breakwater at Portland, Maine; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that so much of the unexpended balance
of the appropriation for the breakwater in
Portland harbor, Maine, as the chief engineer
shall deem proper, may be expended under
his direction in excavating the1' middle ground"
near said breakwater and in otherwise protect-
ing the channel from injury by filling and
improving the same.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER ON 1'IUDAY.
Mr. BROMWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Jtetolvcd, That Saturday, the OOfch instant, being
the dav set apart for dccoratinpr the graves of U nion
soldiers in the national cemeteries, this House, when
it adjourns on Friday next, will adjourn until Mon-
day following at twelve o'clock m.
The SPEAKER. To adopt this resolution
now would require unanimous consent, as it
proposes to fix the order of business fora future
day.
Several members objected.
COLLECTION DISTRICT Ok' PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. O'NEILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 588)
to extend the boundaries of the_ collection
district of Philadelphia, so as to include the
whole consolidated city of Philadelphia.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
collection district of Philadelphia be so ex-
tended as to include within its boundaries the
whole consolidated city of Philadelphia.
The bill, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third. reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was/£greed to.
SHIP &0LCONDA.
Mr. O'NEILL, &wn the Committee on Com-
merce, reported/tiack adversely a bill (H. R.
Np. 448) to clutnge the name of the ship Gol-
co%(3a ; whicH was laid on the table.
PPiyiSEMBKT, ETC., OP IMPORTS.
Mr. SjiOGLESTON, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported back, with amend-
ments, a bill (H. li. No. 788) to regulate the
appraisement and inspection of imports in cer-
tain cases, and for other purposes.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that whenever any merchandise
shall be imported into any port of entry of the
United States, and it shall appear by the in-
voice and bill of lading, or either of them, and
the manifest that such merchandise is con-
signed to and destined for another port of
entry, it shall be lawful for the collector at the
port of arrival to permit the owner, agent, or
consignee of such merchandise to make entry
for warehouse and transportation, and on the
execution of a bond, as in case of withdrawal
for transportation, in a sum equal to double
the amount of the invoice value of such mer-
chandise, the same is to be delivered to the
owner or consignee to be transported to the
port of its destination, and such merchandise
is not to be subject to appraisement at the port
in which it was landed; but the same exam-
ination and appraisement is to be required and
had at the port of destination as if such mer-
chandise had been entered for consumption,
and the duties paid at the port in which it
first arrived and was landed.
The_ second section provides that such mer-
chandise shall only be forwarded by established
transporting companies who shall become re-
sponsible to the United States as common car-
riers for the delivery of such merchandise to
the collector at the port of its destination, and
any person who shall interfere to prevent or
delay the delivery of such merchandise or any
part thereof shall be liable to a fine equivalent
to double the value of such merchandise, and
imprisonment at hard labor for not less than
one year or more than five years.
The third section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
instructed to make such rules and regulations
as may be necessary (not inconsistent with
law) to carry into effect this act.
The fourth section provides that the State
of Missouri shall be one collection district, to
be called the district of Missouri, of which the
city of St. Louis shall be the sole port of entry,
and a collector shall be appointed to reside at
said port of entry.
The fifth section provides that all that por-
tion of the. State of Ohio bordering on the
waters and shores of the Ohio river shall be
one collection district, to be called the district
of Ohio, of which the city of Cincinnati shall
be the sole port of entry, and a collector shall
be appointed to reside at said port of entry.
The sixth section provides that an appraiser
of imported merchandise shall be appointed, to
reside at each of said ports of St. Louis and
Cincinnati,who shall be paid a salary of S2,000
per annum.
The seventh section provides that the salary
of each of the collectors for the ports aforesaid
shall be §2,000 per annum, .and fees and com-
missions not exceeding ia all a maximum
