110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
Senate.
Reconstruction-1-Mr. Morrill.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Also, on page 1415
*' "What we have already said sufficiently indicates
our opinion that there is no law for the government
of the citizens, the Army, or the iSavy ot the United
States within American jurisdiction which is not
contained in or derived from the Constitution; and
wherever our Army or Navy may go beyond our
territorial limits, neither can go beyond the authority
of the President or the legislation of Congress.
How does that agree with the theory of some
distinguished gentlemen of this House that the
southern States are outside of the shield and
protection of the Constitution? The Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court, who is in polit-
ical accord with the majority here, declares
that the Army of the United States cannot go
beyond the control of the Constitution of the
United States, but wherever they may be,
whether in the North or in the South, the
East or the West, whether within or beyond
the territorial limits of the country, the Con-
stitution accompanics them, and neither Con-
gress nor the President has any power over them
except what is derived from that instrument.
And if, as gentlemen say, these ten States of
this Union are beyoitd and outside of the Con-
stitution, certainly the Chief Justice of the
United States says that the Army there and
the Navy there are not outside of its jurisdic-
tion, and that it is equally the law for them
there as here or wherever else they may be.
Mr. Chairman, my time has nearly expired,
but in behalf of the people I represent I mean
to say and declare that we hold that instrument
signed by Washington as the rule of our action.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. LOT M. MORRILL,
OF MAINE,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 5, 1868.
The Senate having under consideration tho bill
(H. E. No. 430) additional and supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," passed March 2,
1867, and the aete supplementary thereto—
Mr. MORRILL. of Maine, said:
Mr. President: I cannot but confess for
myself that I come to the discussion of this
question at a time when 1 tear it must be any-
thing bat pleasant to the Senate to attend to
any further consideration of this subject—that
I am to glean in a field where the reapers have
been many, and although the harvest has been
abundant it has been gathered. On a motion
collateral to the measure, and only related to
it in part, a debate has been precipitated by
the opponents of congressional reconstruction
which has opened to the Senate and to the
country that great subject in all its amplitude
and in all its relations ; so that Senators upon
the one side and the other have felt obliged to
traverse the whole field of the war, the powers
of the Government, the relations of the States,
and the respective authority of the President
and of the Congress of the United States in the
exercise of their functions for the restoration
of the relations of the States to the Union.
Congress, by those who precipitated this
debate, has been arraigned, and, I may say,
presented to the country, for the part it lias
taken in this great work of reconstruction. It
has been arraigned now on this question of
reconstruction, as it was arraigned during the
war on the question of war. Congress, in the
contemplation of the Constitution, being the
great war power of the Government, necessarily
taking upon itself that function, in giving direc-
tion to the conduct of the policy of the war, at
once brought down upon its head the. denun-
ciation of the bold, bad men who were in re-
bellion, the fierce and bitter criticism of all
parties who hesitated or doubted about war as
a remedy for the nation : and, in fact, all per-
sons and all factions here and everywhere who
questioned the authority of Congress to deal
with the rebellion on the war side of the Gov-
ernment.
And now the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Doot.itti.e] precipitates tho ques-
tion from which arise the same issues against
the exercise of the powers of Congress in the
consideration of the policy of reconstruction
and restoration of these States to their rela-
tions with the Federal Union ; and I beg to be
allowed-to say that the same spirit which char-
acterized the denunciations of Congress during
the war is repeated here to-day. Passionate
invective, fierce and bitter denunciation of the
purposes and the measures of Congress, char-
acterize this debate by its opponents. Con-
gress is denounced now, as then, as usurping
the "rights of the States." Congress is de-
nounced now, as then, as establishing arbi-
trary military authority in these States. Con-
gress is denounced now, as then, of a purpose
to outlaw the white race in its " blind zeal,"
in the language of one honorable Senator, "to
exalt the black race." We are charged spe-
cifically with "disrobing the white race to
enrobe the black race." We are charged spe-
cifically with violating the Constitution of the
United States "in order to give power and
dominion over the white to the black."
These, then, sir, are the charges and tho
specification of charges in the arraignment of
Congress on its reconstruction policy. Out-
lawry of the white race! Naturally enough
one asks himself who is the white race hero
referred to of which Senators on this floor
aspire to be the champions? Who are they
in the history of this country ? When the
white race is referred to here as having been
legislated against by Congress, who is meant?
The class of white men who have dominated
in the South for the last thirty years—they,
and nobody else; the white men who are in
power under the sham States set up by ex-
ecutive usurpation, and exercising that power
exclusively to the oppression of the rest of the
population of the South. They, and they alone,
are the white race referred to ; and who are
they? Men whoso hands are freshly imbrued
in the blood of our children ; men who for
thirty years have cherished tho malignant pas-
sion of hatred to this Government which event-
uated in civil war and blood ; men, moreover,
tvlio for a generation, nay, for two hundred
years, have cherished a hellish lust for domin-
ion over their fellow-man, in defiance of the
law of God, the principles of our holy religion,
and the laws of every civilized nation on earth.
This is the party in court; this is the white
race between which and Congress the Senators
who have precipitated this debate, and who have
made it incumbent upon Congress to consider
it, volunteer their arguments and their sym-
pathy to defend.
Mr. President, to these charges and specifi-
cations of charges, to this alleged usurpation
of the rights of the States—this supposed out-
lawry of the whites, this establishing of mili-
tary despotisms by Congress to the overthrow
of teu States of this Union—is there any
answer ? It has been answered ; first, by my
honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Moit-
ton,] fully, eloquently, logically, conclusively
answered—answered many times by those who
have followed him in debate ; so that abso-
lutely now there is nothing left for me save
only to add my feeble voice in testimony and
approbation of what has been said on this side
of the Chamber.
How does Congress meet this assumption of
usurpation, of the establishment of military
authority over ten States? I will road you the
answer: "An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," passed
March 2, 1867. Let me refer you to its pro-
visions :
"Whereas no legal State government or adeauate
protection for life or property now exists in the rebel
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida'
■Lexus, and Arkansas5 and whereas it is nccGSsary
that peace and good order.should be enforced m said
States until loyal and republican State governments
can bo legally established: Tbeiefore,
" it em toted bn the Senate and llouaeof iiepresenta-
the.no/the Unitedijtatea of America in Congress assein-
bled, That said rebel States shall be divided into
military disti icts and made subject to the military
authority of tho United States, as hereinafter pre-
scribed."
Then the third section provides:
" That it shall bo the duty of each officer assigned
as aforesaid to protect all persons in their rights of
person and property, to suppress insurrection, dis-
order nnd violence, and to punish or cause to bo
punished, all disturbers of the public peace and
criminals."
Further, in section five, it is provided: _
"That when the people of any one of said rebel
States shall have formed a constitution of govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution ot the
United States in all respects, framed by aeonvenUon
of delegated," &c.—
they may be admitted again to their relations
with the General Government.
Now, sir, to the opponents of congressional
reconstruction I have to say, in answer to your
specific charge that we have established mili-
tary despotism in these States, that finding
anarchy, misrule, despotism, and disorder in
these States, as the result of the rebellion, in-
surrection, and civil war waged by them, Con-
gress by law, under its authority as the great
war power of tho nation, and bound to regard
the results of the rebellion, has interposed its
military authority as a police power to pre-
serve order and protect life and liberty in these
these States.
Does it go any further than that? Has any
Senator on the other side attributed to it any
other power than that? No, sir. Itspurpose,
then, wasto protect persons and property. Was
it necessary? I do not stand hero at this late
day to argue that, ofeouise. Allow me to refer
Senators who doubt that to the current events
of history, to that general information open to
all the citizens, by which it appears that, at
the time when this act was passed, it had come
to bo the common sentiment, the common
opinion, and common judgment of the nation
that there was no protection for life or prop-
erly in these States. The courts were notopen
to the citizens of the United States ; they were
closed to a class, as they had been for two hun-
dred years. Here was the grand necessity for
the interposition of the military police author-
ity of the Constitution of the United States to
preserve order. That is the answer, the full
answer, explained in the preamble to the enact-
ment itself. The preamble declares that no
legal Slate governments exist in those States.
Is it pretended here that there are any legal
State governments existing in those States at
the present moment? The preamble further
asserts that at the time of its passage there was
no adequate protection for life or property in
the rebel States. Does anybody deny that?
This explains the motive and the purpose of the
law which is characterized by the Opposition in
the Senate as having established a military des-
potism over ten of the States of the American
Union.
When Senators talk of usurping the rights
of ten of the States of the Ameiican Union, to
what States do they refer? Do they refer to
the "slave States' that existed antoiior to the
rebellion in 1800: do they refer to tiie " rebel
States that existed during the war of the rebel-
lion ? Do they refer to the "belligerent States"
of that period? Or do they refer to the "in-
surrectionary States,'■ so denominated by the
acts of Congress ?
Mr. President, the argument about the in-
terference of Congress with the rights of the
States is of course upon the assumption that
the rights ot these States have an existence.
If the rights of these States disappeared dur-
ing the events and by the progress of the
war, then, of course, the charge falls to the
; ground. Now, upon what theory is the no-
h tion of'the "abiding rights" of these States
1 j based ? It is based upon the theory that, ai'tet
j 1 all, it turns out that the nation has not -been
