1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
by political adversaries. Nay, he has done less,
far less, than his predecessors ; for whilethey, at
their own will and pleasure, and without a why
or a wherefore, swept out of office their confi-
dential officers, Andrew Johnson has done
nothing of the kind. He has not touched a hair
of this supposed Secretary's head, nor sus-
pended or disturbed the exercise of a single
one of his official functions. He has simply
and merely made a removal on paper, using no
effort to execute his order, but only putting
the civil-tenure act in that attitude of fact to-
ward the courts that it might command judi-
cial interpretation and construction.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Let me ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I cannot,
because I have not the time.
I submit, therefore, Mr. Chairman, the mis-
demeanor charged in these articles lias not
endangered, in any degree whatever, the pub
lie interest. That brings mo to the question
whether or not the acts charged involves moral
turpitude in the accused. Now, what has the
President done? 1 pray the House to put its
eye upon the single act here charged, challenge
it, scrutinize it, compare it, assail it with every
hostile criticism ingenuity can suggest, has it
a color, nay, a shadow or shade of moral wrong-
doing? Not a particle, not a substance, lie
has simply endeavored to dissociate from his
political household a functionary—not an ap-
pointee of his own—left over by Abraham
Lincoln as an incumbrance, who had been for
long months the secret spy in his Cabinet of
confidential advisers, and who turned out at
last to be, and now is, his bitter, violent, malig-
nant enemy, political and personal.
Now 1 put it to the House, whether, assuming
as my argument docs, that the President has
been guilty of a technical violation of law in
[lie premises, the offense set up in the articles
is one that should be visited with impeachment
and removal from office?
In this connection let me remind the House
that in 18G4 one of Abraham Lincoln's confi-
dential advisers fell into a friendly difference
with him in regard to a particular course of
policy—for then the President was allowed to
have a policy. Jn this juncture, honorable
Senators representing the Republican "party
sent a memorial to Mr. Lincoln setting up that
unity in the Cabinet was absolutely essential
to executive administration, and praying that
he would purge the Cabinet of that dissentient
member. I will ask the Clerk to lead an
extract from the memorial.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The theory of our Government, the early and
uniform practical const) uctiou thereof, is that the
President should be aided by a Cabinet council,
agreeing with lnm in political principle and general
policy, and that all important measures and ap-
pointments should be the result of their combined
wisdom and deliberation. The most obvious and
necessary condition of things, without which no Ad-
ministration can succeed, we and the public believe
does not exist, and therefore such selections and
changes in its members should be made as will se-
cure to the country unity ot purpose and action in
all material and es-ential respccts, more especially
in the present crisis of public affairs.
"The Cabinet should be exclusively composed of
statesmen who are the cordial, resolute, unwavering
supporters of the principles and purposes above-
mentioned."
CHARLES SUMNER, \ M,ll:1.aohuootts
HENRY WILSON, J Massachusetts.
BENJAMIN F. WADE, 1 n,,in
JOHN SHERMAN, /Oh10-
PRESTON KING, I York
IRA HARRIS, / iNow iork'
DAVID W1LM0T, 1 p<,IU,„viT.lni.l
EDGAR COWAN, }1 ennsylvania.
W.P. FE^ENDEN,} Mainc'
L^loSTER 1 Connecticut.
SOLOMON FOOT. 1 Vermont
JACOB COLLAlIETt.j * ermont-
DAVID R. CLARK, Hampshire
JOHN P. HALE. J A CW liamPSinre.
II. B. ANTHONY. Rhode, Island.
ZACHARIAH CHANDLER, Michigan.
0. II. BROWNING I m;™;*
LYMAN TRUMBULL, jJum01*-
JAMES IIAltLAN. 1 T„„,„
JAMES W. GRIMES, I iowa"
S. C. POMEKOY, Kansa i.
■J. II. DOOL1TTLE, I    
T. 0. 1I0W14, fWisconua.
That memorial was signed by Benjamin F.
Wade, who, if this scheme is successful, hopes
to be the successor of Andrew Johnson, and
by nearly every other Radical Senator now in
the other branch of Congress.
Now, sir, in view of these facts, I ask whether
or not it is worth while for this House to at-
tempt to hurl the Chief Executive from his seat
because he has simply attempted to do on
paper precisely what the Senate in 1804 ad-
vised Mr. Lincoln to do in fact. I take it upon
myself to say that the President's conduct in
this regard not only does not involve the slight-
est moral turpitude, but is consistent with the
dictates of the highest and most scrupulous
honor. I take it upon mo further to say, that
the first instincts of every man of honor simi-
larly situated would impel him to eject by force
and arms, with hot and hasty indignation, any
contemptible intruder who should presume,
with brazen and shameless impudence, to sneak
into his family of confidential advisers. Nay,
if, sir, the old hero of New Orleans were to-day
seated in the presidential chair, he would find
a sharp and speedy remedy for such a nuisance
in the toe of his boot, and not by the tardy
proccss of law.
Well, then, what remains of this supposed
offense? Why nothing, literally nothing, ex-
cept that it is in violation of the mere text,
the mere letter of the civil-tenure act. And
that brings me to ask what was the nature and
purpose of that act ? Was it enacted for the
purpose of general application? Not at all.
It was passed for the simple, single, special pur-
pose of hampering Andrew Johnson—of pes-
tering him, and hedging him out from the exer-
cise of his just constitutional prerogatives, so
that lie might finally be caught in the artfully
laid net of your legal technics. That, sir, was
the object of the act,; it was personal, it was
partial, it was exceptional, it was and is and
forever will be odious. You do not intend the
act shall remain on the statute-book for othert
Administrations. You intend to repeal it as
soon as you have brushed the present Execu
tive out of your way. The law therefore is, in
my judgment, one which is more honored in
the breach than in the observance. The offense
is not worthy of the dignity of impeachment.
I beg leave, finally, to suggest that the articles
reported by the committee ought not t.o be
adopted, because upon the charges therein con-
tained the Senate has morally incapacitated
itself to render a fair and impartial judgment.
Every man, high or low, rich or poor, is enti-
tled to a fair trial before an unprejudiced tri-
bunal. It is the common, ungrudged right of
every human being in any civilized community.
Any judicial tribunal that should announce its
judgment upon a controverted question of law
or fact before the case involving the law or the
facts has been presented would render itself
infamous the world over and through all gener-
ations.
Nay, more; if any tribunal, charged with a
judicial inquiry into any man's rights, should
have the effrontery to pronounce its judgment
beforehand, no honest or honorable prose-
cuting officer—and this House is now acting in
that capacity—would have the effrontery to
present even his worst enemy to a tribunal that
had thus shamelessly abused its powers and
disgraced itself.
Now, these are principles about which there
can be no difl'eieuce between any two honest
men on this floor. Let me now apply these
principles to the case in hand. On Friday, the
21st ultimo, the President ordered the removal
of Mr. Stanton, and designated General Thomas
as his successor pro tempore. On that same
day the Senate of the United States, in secret
session, by a \ote of twenty-nine members, re-
solved that these acts were a plain violation of
law and of the Constitution of the United
States, and immediately thereafter removed all
obligation of secresy and published their reso-
lution to the world.
Nay. more; adistinguished Senator, from the
secret Chamber of the executive session, dis-
patched a written communication to this sup-
posed Secretary of War, in which he summed
up his classical wisdom and dignified advice in
that energetic monosyllable, " Stick"—advice
which, as offered to a gentleman, I cannot
comprehend, but which offered to a certain
insect, has a peculiar and known significance.
Not only this, but honorable Senators put
themselves instantly in communication with
Stanton, and made themselves after the contro-
versy—what they had long been before—his
abettors, supporters, and confidential advisers.
The New York Tribune states that thirty-five
Senators were on the floor of this House when the
general resolution of impeachment was under
debate, encouraging and urging the adoption
of the resolution. I do not believe, sir, that
this last statement is true to its fullest extent.
But that it is partially true, we all saw and
know.
And now what is proposed ? Why, that this
House should present the President of the Uni-
ted States upon a cause which the Senate has
notoriously and shamefully prejudged, an*^ that
honorable Senators should be called upoH J>y
the managers of the House to go through the
farcical ceremony of resolving themselves into
a high court of impeachment and of adjudicat-j
ing and passing into a decree of eonvictioeffiS
judgment which they have already published
to the world before even the articles of accusa-
tion have been adopted by the House.
No more disgraceful farcc can be enacted,
no more monstrous injustice can be perpe-
trated. What would be said of the Supreme
Court of the United States if it were to com-
mit a similar indecency in respect to a case to
be presented to that tribunal? Every judge
upon the bench would be hurled from his seat.
I am, therefore, opposed to these articles,
because no case is presented which is worthy
of the character of the House and of the dig-
nity of the proceeding, and because, in the
second place, the constitutional tribunal for
the trial of the charges presented has by its
own misconduct incapacitated itself to pass a
fair, an honest, and just judgment in the
premises.
Let mo now say this, in conclusion, if you
shall succeed in consummating this outrage
which you have set on foot in such indecent
haste, i do not say that popular violence will
rise to vindicate the wrong; the people have
better remedies than that in the armory of the
ballot-box; but I do say that you will have set
an example that will hereafter blast and de-
stroy you. You will have made the presiden-
tial office the mere foot-ball of congressional
partisanship. You will have swallowed up
all the other departments of the Government
in the groat whirling maelstrom of a central
congressional despotism. But let me remind
yon your work here is not final. You will
find yourselves—you cannot help it—both the
prosecutors and the triers, impeached upon
higher articles than these; upon a higher
authority than this House: before a higher
tribunal than a partisan Senate; before that
supreme court of impeachment, t.he people of
the United States. In that court of natural
justice and equity you will find the accuser
taking the place of the accused, and the ac-
cused taking the place of the accuser, "for
with what measure ye mete shall it be meas-
ured to you again."
Mr. PRICE addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. A.SHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Chairman,
this subject of impeachment cannot be elabor-
ated in fifteen minutes, our limited time, and
I shall simply try to state succinctly some of
the more salient points which occur to my
mind in its connection. Political history
shows that always the antagonism of rulers,
of parlies, and of ideas more or less developed,
has kept the world in commotion, and well
it has, for only by agitation and discussion is
truth discovered, and only by strife against
the incubus of faulty systems, of established
j! wrongs, and of base doctrines do men triumph
[iu tile advocacy of right. Science has fought
li and still is fighting its way against the crude
