raw.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOHR.
inf parties into bankruptcy and preventing
them from the possibility of reviving again. It
is necessary for the merchants ana business
men to know,, before they .enter into the gen-
eral business of the next year throughout the
country, what they may expect. There is*
pressing demand for a system of taxation that
shall be certain and that shall relieve the more
necessary articles. Where this demand is moat
pressing I am not prepared to say until we
shall have had a report of the Finance Com-
mittee on the whole sutyact.
it seems to me that in acting thns hastily in
relieving taxation in the southern States at
this time, and in cutting off from our revenue
$24,000,000 at once, a hole may be left in our
receipts which will have the effect of prevent-
ing us front relieving anybody else in the pres-
ent depressed condition of trade. .1 say the
South should bear some portion of the burdens
of this Government; aad wherever they are
able, wherever they can, and wherever it is
legitimate, they should bear their share—noth-
ing more. It is fair that they should hear their
share- -
It is said, howevec, that they are not heard
here, and that it .is the fault of Congress that
they are not heard On these floors ia relation
to these matters. . It issaid that this is because
of our violation of the Constitution and our
disposition to oppress them. I deny it. It is
because they violated it, went into rebellion,
and destroyed every vestige of a State govern-
ment that existed itysach one of their .States.
It was their wickedpbnds that tore down these
fabrics, that rendered them incapable of being
represented by any loyal men. And when
Congress offered to then amnesty, pardon,
representation, everything, in the coastitui-
tional amendments we submitted last year, these
same people spurned them—these same people
in connection with the President of the United
States and the Democratic party, these same
-people who are. coming here, for relief and
charging us with a violation of the Constitution
—they are the men who spurned the most
liberal and generous proposition for recon-
struction ever offered to a conquered rebellion.
. Such magnanimity never was offered before.
No property wasto bh confiscated; no man
was to be deprived of suffrage. There was
no negro;suffrage in it; There was no objec-
tion to it that a Democrat on these floors can
justly maintain to-day. These same men
created th« necessity for the acta of last win-
ter, and their contumacy ia now loading this
Government with expenditures of money wrung
freui tbe toil of loyal hands to keep up a mili-
tary establishment in the South because thev,
will net submit to law. Wears loaded with
an expense of millions and millions to..carry
on a military government because these same
cotton-plauters refuse to accept the most gen-
erous propositions of a generous Government.
While they refuse reconstruction on any terms
but their own, while they declare that to rebels
belongs the prerogative of organizing govern-
ment, it comes itith an ill grace from therti to
say they are not heard here in a plea to exon-
erate them from all taxation.
Upon the question of the merits or demerits
of this tax, I am not at the present time pre-
pared to pass, because Ihave not before me
the effect that it is to produce upon other in-
dustries, the effect that it is to produce upon
the men and institutions who are bearing the
burdens of this Government ia consequence of
the contumacy of these very men. I have not
the whole subject before me. I have not a well-
digested report of the Committee on Finance
upon which I can act intelligently. I am in
favor of a postponement of this fnesdon, and
let the loyal and the disloyal be heard alike.
Prefer not one to the other. Let the manu-
facturer and the laborer of the North be heard
as to the tax upon the products which are the
results of his labor and industry. Let the miner
be heard at the same time. Allusion has been
made to the tax upon mines. We are taxed
to-day one half of one per cent, upon the gross
products of the mines; and that tax, small as
jeeti
knoT
it seems to be, has ruined many enterprises.
It has been the last straw .that broke the camel1 s
back; but it would come with ill grace from us
to charge Congress with bad faith, with oppres-
sion, with a disposition to violate the Consti-
tution, because thejr found it necessary, or sup-
posed they did, to derive" revenue from this
source. I think that tax ought to be removed;
and when the cotton tax comes up for discus-
sion regularly I want to discuss the principle
underlying the taxation of the products of the
earth—gold and silver as well as cotton.
I do not think1 these cotton-planter have
placed themselves before the Senate in such
a position as to require the special-interposi-
tion of loyal men. I do not think the advo-
cacy of my friend' from Kentucky baa added
anything to their claims upon the generosity
of this body, particularly as, in the way he puts
it, this measure involves a vote of censure upon
ourselves, involves an admission that we have
been actuated by bad motives and acting for
bad pueposes from beginning to end. I am in
fav r of postponing the i consideration of this
subject, an til we can have before us the whole
question, so that • we cdn relieve £urly and
equally the northern with the southern States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do not
rise fbr the purpose ctP answering the' political
argument which has been made by the Senator
from Nenrada, except;just to say this, that I
think the fact that he lashes himself into such
an excitement whenever he alludes to that sab-
t satisfies me that he knows just as well as I
>w that it would hare been for the good of
the country and the-prosperity of the people if
the southern States had been allowed admis-
sion into Congress by representatives at the
meeting of the Thirty-Ninth Congress ia their
then condition of obedienca to law. 'Bat, sir,
my purpose in rimng.is to smy that I am glad to
sea a growing sentiment in Congress in favor
of abandoning this tax, not for thexeason which
has been given by seine Senatorsthat the cot-
ton is raised by negroes, not For: the reason
whibh has been suggested that it is raised in
pirt by northern speculators who have gone
down there to try their fortunes, but for the
solid reason, in my judgment, that the produc-
tions of agriculture in the state they come from
the ground ought not. to be taxed, and that
every reason now unites in favor- of the propo-
sition of abandoning the tax.':
No industry, no interest, of the country, wiis
ever more depressed than the cotton-growing
interest. I* felt that last winterand in some
arguments that I presented to the Senate I
referred to the fact that their country was inun-
dated, the seed was not reliable fbr planting,
their labor was unreliable, apd that 1 thought
it was madness to tax a production so import-
ant in every respect. I do not care whether
eotton be called king or not ^ this much we do
know, that it is an article that commands the
market abroad as well as the market at home,
and if we encourage the production of this
staple it will help us to maintain our credit
abroad, it will go far to keep the balance of
trade in oar favor, and contribute Tery largely
to restore a specie basis to our currency.
Every large interest of the country, in my judg-
ment, will be promoted -by an encouragement
of this interest rather than a discouragement
of it.
In the West I think we hare a very large
interest in stimulatingthe production of cotton.
The sonthern States furnish the natural market
to the Northwest for their great productions.
Cheap transportation t6 that market is furnished
by the great rivers, and there is no competition
between the labor of the Southwest and of the
Northwest It is a most desirable market to
us, and every field that is cultivated successfully
in cotton on the borders of the Mississippi and
the shores of the Gnlf adds something to the
^demands for the productions of northwestern
labor. In that view, as a western man, lam in
favor of abandoning this tax.
Upon principle, 1 do not see how it can be
maintained. As well, in nay judgment, may
you tax the wheat that is raised in Indiana,
the corn that is produced in that State and ia
Kentucky, as to- tax cotton. And who would
suggest that? .Certainly it would be resisted
to the hitter end by us; yet it could bear a tax
no doubt. Furnish, us in the Northwest with a
desirable market and cheap transportation to
that market, and our labor has a profitable
return. Yet we wonld not snbmit to a taxa*
tion of the agricultural productions of the
Northwest, auaifthe Senators representing
agricultural States now yield the point that one
of the productions of the earth may be taxed
in its raw state*U.seemd to me we yield the
whole line. I am not willing to do it. With-
out taxing our productions, the Northwest con-
tributes her full proportion to the support of
the -Government, and11 think that the south-
ern States will more contribute to the public
credit and to the support of the public burdens
incidentally if their' industry be encouraged
than by a taxnpon that, industry in the form
that has been maiatainedin the laws for soma
years. ■ < i o •••.
■ I shall vote with the:Senator from Ohtowho
has charge of 'this bill against tbepostpaas 
ment. If it is the pleasure of the Senatey ah
it seems to have been olf the House of Repre-
sentatives by a large vote, to abandon this tax,
the reason suggested by the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. WiLLiAM4)>is a very strong otte
with me in'favor of immediate action upon the
bill. We understand the subject quite aaweil
now,' it seeftiato me, as we shall in February.
The proposition to postpone ia not made bya
friend of this bin; it is made by one who thinks
this tax ought not to be abandoned, who oonr-
siders a tax upon • cotton as - a part of the per-
manent policy of the Government, .who assures
Tib of that fact because of the knowledge which
he acquired as <a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means'-in the other: House, Hfs
proposition to postpone is not % friendly prop-
osition to the ineasnre. ' r > -
Mr. CONKLINGv By permissio* of the
Senator, I wjsh to say that I do m®t kuorw by
what authority he assigns to me the position
that he does. I did say that this tax was origia-
ally included in the revenue law, believing
that it was right as a permanent tax. I did
not say that I was in favor now:of retaining it,
but, on the contrary, I said'that at a proper
time, and pomingmp in a proper wayj I expected
to vote for some relief, either temporary or
final.! ' -
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I list-
ened to thi Senator's argument with agrt#t
deal of interest because it was a very forcible
one andr very gr*t%fcwg to my taste because
of its elegaaeey and the iniprtfssKm made apoh
me by the speech was that the Senator was
opposed to the measure before the Senate. I
cannot refer to ®ny particular sentence' that
fastens that upon him; but if the question ih
my own mind ;hq£ been "Shall I go for or
against it," and I had been influenced at all
by the speech, it would certainly have been
altogether againBt the measure. That certainly
was the force of the speeeh, and, therefore, !
assigned the Senator the position of hostility
to this bill. But, whether or not, he does not
profess to bo a friend of the bill. Now, ought
we to postpone upon his suggestion, not that
we may get additional information on the sub*
ject, abd if we incorporate the amendment of
the Senator from Oregon, which I a# inclined
to vote for, it ought to be done at once beforu
any mote of the present crop shall pass from
the hands of the producers. Every reason,
then, in my judgment, is in favor of the pas-
sage of this bill, and most of the feasons con-
cur in favor of its immediate passage;
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, thift is a sub-
ject which I have1 not thoroughly investigated,
but so far as I know there is a feeling through-
out the country, and especially in the West,
that this tax should not be coritinued. If I
had stated my reasons when I first tried to
obtain the floor th£y would have been sub-
stantially those which have been offered just
now by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Heit-
dricks.] I rely mainly on the great princ<)>I«
