1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Morrill.
Senate.
at war in a legal sense. It is upon the theory
of the honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson,] argued here daring the rebellion,
argued many times since, and, of course, always
argued ably and well, that we have had no war
in the sense of war; that we have only been
engaged in an effort on the part of the Gov-
ernment to put down ail insurrection; that
what we have seen and witnessed in the last six
years is only the exorcise of the police power
of the nation in dealing with insurrection, and
in no sense war. That 1 understand to be the
position of the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, of Senators in the Opposition, and is the
necessary logic of all opposition to reconstruc-
tion either by Congress or the President; the
Senator from Maryland sees very clearly that
if we have been at war certain war rights have
been acquired by the Government; thai if the
Government waged war on rebellion certain
grand results would follow; the nation would be
victor ; the nation would be triumphant; some-
body would be defeated ; rights would be ac-
quired or lost according to the success or the
defeat of the respective parties to the war.
So the honorable Senator early concurred in
the ground taken by Mr. Buchanan and by those
who held that we had no remedy against the
rebel States by war; and that the only exercise
of authority by Congress, or the President, or
the nation at large, was the exercise of tiie
police power of the Government to put down
insurrection ; and that we bad, under the Con-
stitution, no authority whatever for war; that
war was destruction of the Union, and there-
fore could not be exercised.
In the apprehension of the nation I do not
think this was correct. As a legal point I am
sure it was ingeniously taken; but it has lost
its power for good or ill; it was overruled by the
judgment of the nation ; it was overruled by
Congress ; it was overruled by the Executive ;
and, unfortunately for the argument, it was
overruled by the Supreme Court of the United
States. Still, those who oppose congressional
"reconstruction" as against " restoration"
fall back always, ever, and continually upon
the abstract doctrine that the nation had no
power to make war, and of course, therefore,
the nation gets no rights of war, aud conse-
quently the rebel States were not involved in
the disabilities, pains, penalties, and forfeit-
ures of the war. That is the logic, the legal
and constitutional argument of the Opposition
to congressional reconstruction.
On this theory we have learned to miscall
things altogether. On this theory the grand
Army of the Republic, three million men,
were only a posse enmitotus', not to enact war,
but to preserve order and arrest traitors. Lieu-
tenant General Grant, at the head of all the
forces of the United Stales, was only the grand
high constable of the nation ; was in no sense
a military ohiel'tain ; he was not prosecuting
war; he was trying to keep order; and his
grand march from the Itapidan to Ilichmond
was not a campaign in the sense of war, by
which rights were to be enforced or lost, but
it was simply a movement of the high consta-
ble with a posse comiialus to Richmond to
force that city to keep the peace ; not for its
capture ; not to destroy it, if need be. In the
light of this interpretation of the Constitution,
all your battles—Antietam, Chancellorsville,
Gettysburg, Williamsburg, the Five Porks, and
the surrender—are all nothing, so far as affect-
ing the rights of the parties is concerned ; the
Government having prosecuted this war for
four bloody years at an expense of blood aud
treasure, unparalleled in history, came out
where they went in, settling nothing by this
11 last resort," an appeal to arms.
On this showing the question of secession is
an open question. On this showing the eman-
cipation proclamation, which was but an ex-
pression and an act of the war power of the
Government, is a nullity necessarily, and all
that you havo done changing the institutions,
constitutions, or laws of the rebel States is
null and void, inoperative, and,not binding on
anybody. On this showing nothing has been
settled by this war. It was simply the exer-
cise of a police power ; it was to keep order,
and it was not the exercise of that war power
of the nation which alone could change results
and which was omnipotent over constitutions
and laws, institutions and interests; and what-
ever was determined by it was settled forever.
Now, sir, on this theory I understand to be
based all the arguments of the Opposition to
the power and authority of Congress to recon-
struct these States. They all proceed on the
theory that no rights were lost by the war;
that it worked no subversion of State govern-
ments, no change of State constitutions or State
laws, and therefore no reconstruction was at all
necessary or expedient. The argument of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] of
course, is based on this theory. He affirms as
his belief that the State constitutions and State
governments came through the war. The States
went ill with constitutions and governments, and
they came out with constitutions and govern-
ments, with all their rights, privileges, and
immunities unimpaired. Upon what theory
can he assert this ? Simply upon'that to which
I have referred, that we have not been at war,
that vre have been engaged in a great struggle
to preserve order, and that during that strug-
gle we were bound not to do damage. Nay,
we have had it quoted upon us liere often that
in 18G1 we resolved that we would not do dam-
age, that we were prosecuting the war, as we
then called it, inaptly enough to be sure, it
would seem, we were prosecuting the enter-
prise, if you please, or carrying on the struggle,
not with a view of subverting institutions, State
governments, or anything of the sort, but that
at the end all these institutions, governments,
States,andinterests should bcrestored. Strange
delusion of the times! But, sir, in the provi-
dence of God it was not to be so.
But, Mr. President, I do not propose to detain
the Senate by elaborating that point. What I
mean say, to return to the point for a moment,
is that the nation was at war with all the rights
of a nation at war is not an open question.
The effect, of this war upon State governments
and State institutions is not an open question.
The Congress of the United States, the supreme
legislative war power of the Government, set-
tled it in 1861 by the act declaring non-inter-
course with these States. It settled it again in
1SG2 by the act declaring them public enemies
and awarding against them confiscation of es-
tates and freedom of their slaves and civil and
political disabilities to those engaged in rebel-
lion—both the exercise of the supreme power of
war on the principle of public law, and adequate,
if prosecuted to extremes, to work an entire
revolution in the governments of those States.
It was settled also by the supreme executive
authority of the Government of the United
States in the execution of these laws, the issu-
ing of the proclamation of non-intercourse
under the act of 1861 and the enforcement of
the act of 1862, and by the march of its armies
within the limits and jurisdiction oftliese States,
the destruction of their cities and their towns,
the overthrow of their institutions, liberation
of slaves, the destruction of life and property
wherever the Army made its way, leaving des-
olation and destruction in its track. Was that
war or the exercise of the police functions of
the Government? Sir, it was war in its most
terrible reality. It was so adjudged, moreover,
finally, by the supreme judicial tribunal of the
Government, that the war waged by the Gov-
ernment of the United States against the "in-
surrectionary States" was in fact and in law,
under the Constitution and by the principles
of public law, war, and that it gave to the Gov-
ernment of the United States all the powers
and authority aud rights of war which any one
nation could properly have against another
nation.
Now, sir, is that an open question? I un-
derstand the theories and the speculations of
the-loarned Senator from Maryland, for whose
opinions no man here or elsewhere can have a
more profound respect than I have. I am not
arguing the question with him, but I am simply
stating the facts of history; I am stating sim-
ply the current events of the war, which over-
rule hisopinions; and which, sound or unsound,
show they are no longer of the slightest prac-
tical importance to anybody but himself. The
contest was a war; and the nation had all the
right of a nation at war; and the results of the
war involved the enemy, the domestic enemy,
in all the pains and penalties and forfeitures
and disabilities of a nation at war. That is the
verdict of all the departments of this Govern-
ment, legislative, executive and judicial, and
it is conclusive. It is conclusive with the pres-
ent, it is conclusive with the past, and it will
be conclusive with the future. All institutions,
constitutions, interests, courts of law, general
or State, must and will conform to this great,
historical fact of war, war on the part of the
nation rightfully and properly waged, with all
the rights of a nation at war, and with all the
results of a victorious and conquering nation.
This is the record on which Congress stands ;
but it is not all. I am now speaking, of course,
of the effect of war on the organization of these
States. My argument is, that the results of
the war were attended with annihilation of
State governments and " State rights." Who,
sir, as a lawyer, will stand here, after this gen-
eral judgment of the concurring aud coordinate
departments of the Government of the United
States, and argue for State rights " in the
insurrectionary States?" State rights, in the
extreme sense always a political fallacv, has by
war become an absurdity, a legal and consti-
tutional paradox. As a serious proposition, as
a basis of legislative action here, it is an arro-
gant and impudent assumption in contradiction
to the whole history of the war.
But, sir, there is another method of reach-
ing the effect of this rebellion on these States
and their governments. The overthrow of these
Stale governments results from the action of
the States themselves. I am not speaking
now of ordinances of secession; I am not
speaking of nullification ; I am not speaking of
changes of constitution and laws during the
rebellion by which these States were made to
conform to the "confederate States." I pass
that all by. I agree with the honorable Senator
from Maryland that they are all null, inoper-
ative, and void; I attach not the slightest
importance to their effect. If they effected
nothing, did rebellion effect nothing? If the
ordinances of secession, as a legal and technical
proposition, were null and void, does it follow
that the taking up of arms was null and void?
Does it follow that when ten States broke into
rebellion and armed for war and made war
practically and marched armies against the
national forces, sacked our cities, and belea-
gured the national capital, that is not a fact
of some significance as bearing upon the rights
of these States?
What is a State government? It consists of
constitution, in the first place, which is the
the organic law. That constitution upon the
American plan provides for three departments
of government, which are the expression of the
constitution. Then it is a complex machinery,
consisting of, first, the organic law, and sec-
ond, the departments. Either one may be
called the State, but both together properly
constitute the government of the State. How
was this organism of the State affected by this
war? Let us see. In oider to have a State
government, organized through the several _de-
I partments, executive, legislative, and judicial,
| certain things are necessary to be done. In
| the first place there must be officers, the per-
sons who are to execute the functions of the
|| State as provided in the organic law. How
II are they to be qualified? When may they
