3660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
day., and that at no distant period, control Eng-
land's Asiatic possessions. When that hap-
pens, as a natural consequence the United
States will take possession of the Bahamas
and all the British West India islands; and
Canada will fall into our lap like a ripe apple.
In this connection it may not be improper to
conjecture that Spain, and its present as well
as former possessions on this continent, must
be ours; and the two great Powers on earth
will be Russia and the United States. Napo-
leon Bonaparte said that the world must all be
republican or Cossack ; and there may a time
come when the bear and the eagle may have
a conflict. I hope not soon, however.
In conclusion, let me say that the proposal
to purchase the fee-simple of Alaska for
$10,000,000 in gold is not a joke. Some of
the wealthiest men in the United States stand
ready to make good my proposition. Thank-
ing the honorable gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Price] for courtesy in yielding a portion of
his time to me I now take my seat, hoping that
this Congress will not fail to carry out in good
faith the terms of this treaty.
, Mr. PIUC13 next addressed the committee.
[See Appendix.]
At the conclusion of his remarks,
Mr. PRICE said : I will yield ten minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Donnelly,] and the remainder of my time
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shella-
barger.j
Mr. BANKS. I desire to state that after the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly]
has concluded his remarks I will ask that the
committee rise, in order to extend this after-
noon session to five o'clock. I understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
desires to speak this afternoon.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Chairman, if we
consider this question in a limited and narrow
sense there will be found no little force in the
objections made against this bill.
There was not, at the time the purchase of
Alaska was made, nor is there now, any press-
ing necessity for it. The time was not ripe for
the acquisition of the territory in question, nor
was the financial condition of the country such
as to justify the expenditure of any consider-
able sum of money for that purpose. For
one, I should not have initiated any such pro-
ceeding.
Tbe question now, however, is of a different
character. It is not, " Shall we seek this
purchase?" but, "Shall we reject it, having
been sought and now brought before us for
acceptance?"
I give no attention to the question already
discussed here at considerable length as to the
control possessed by this House over the treaty-
making power of the President and the Senate.
Practically, it is of little consequence. It is
very evident that where a treaty is made involv-
ing the payment of any sum of money by the
United States an appropriation will be neces-
sary to draw that money from the Treasury;
and that appropriation can only be made by the
vote of this House concurring with the vote of
the Senate and the approval of the President.
The vote of this House must be determined by
the individual judgment of its members, and
there is no treaty-making power that can con-
trol or coerce that judgment. We are for our-
selves the ultimate judges of the propriety of
such an appropriation. Practically, therefore,
the power to give or refuse is in our hands.
This result was no doubt contemplated by
the framers of the Constitution. While it was
known that the action of the President and
Senate would necessarily have great moral
weight and influence with the House, it was
foreseen that a corrupt President and Senate
might plunge the nation into enormous debt,
under color of the treaty-making power, and
that in such a contingency nothing could save
the nation but the negative possessed by the
House of Representatives.
I have said that in a narrow and limited
sense the objections against this bill have con-
siderable force. But there is a broader light
in which the question should be viewed, and
in that light I propose briefly to consider it.-
I shall vote for this bill, Mr. Chairman,
because I consider, it one of the necessary
steps in the expansion of our institutions and
nationality over the entire domain of the North
American continent. From both North and
South the territory and the peoples of the con-
tinent gravitate inevitably toward us, drawn
by our steadily increasing greatness, the benig-
nity of our institutions, and the individual
prosperity manifest everywhere through all our
broad expanse.
Our form of government is adapted to civil-
ized man everywhere. It rests upon principles
of justice and humanity as broad as our race,
and which receive everywhere the sanction of
the human heart. We have found the vitality
of our institutions powerful enough to main-
tain itself undiminished amid the heat of the
tropics, and through all the rigors of our north-
ern winters. There is no reason why those
institutions should not extend on the one hand
to that thread of land which ties together the
northern and the southern continents ; and on
the other hand to the extremest limits of human
habitation under the frozen constellations of
the North.
By itself this acquisition will be compara-
tively not of the highest advantage to us. It is
true that, the influence of the gulf stream of the
Pacific extends far up the western coast, mod-
ifying the climate in the same manner that the
climate of a similar region upon the western
coast of Europe is modified by the gulf stream
of the Atlantic; and there is no reason why,
in course of time, a population may not exist
along the shores and among the islands of
Alaska as hardy, as enterprising, as civilized,
and as progressive as that which now inhabits
Scotland, Norway, or Sweden.
But the great significance this purchase pos-
sesses is found in the fact that it points the way
to the acquisition by the United States of that
great and most valuable region, Western Brit-
ish America, which maybe fairly esteemed the
largest and finest region of agricultural lands
now left unsettled on the continent. The valley
of the Saskatchewan will yet sustain a popula-
tion as dense as thatof northern Germany. With
our great nation on the south of this region,
and our new acquisition of Alaska resting upon
its northern boundary, British dominion will
be inevitably pressed out of western British
America. It will disappear between the upper
and the nether mill-stones. These jaws of the
nation will swallow it up.
When the traces of the great rebellion shall
have passed away; when the debt incurred in
its suppression shall have been extinguished,
or shall have been dwarfed into insignificance
compared with the vastness of our population
and the magnitude of our wealth; when our
institutions shall have been purified from every
taint of the old and cruel past, and shall be
sublimated and refined into the very perfection
of human justice and Christian benevolence,
and when our nationality shall have expanded
until it fades out beneath the fire of the tropics
on the one hand, or disappears along the mar-
gin of the eternal snows on the other, we shall
present to the world the aspect of a nation
greater, mightier, wiser, and happier than any
ever known to man in the whole tide of time;
a nation that by the mere power of its moral
influence shall compel justice and destroy
injustice in all the lands of the earth.
We need "ample room and verge enough "
for this majestic development. Nothing less
than a continent can suffice as the basis and
foundation for that nation in whose destiny
is involved the destiny of mankind. Let us
build broad and wide those foundations; let
them abut only on the everlasting seas.
I cannot but believe, as nothing exists at
random in this world, and everything is con-
trolled by the all-fashioning hand of trod, that
this continent was foredoomed from the crea-
tion of the earth for this mighty nation. We
hare shaken oft' the sole obstacle to our per-
petuity, the institution of slavery, and it is
difficult for the mind of man to conceive any
reason why our Government should not endure
for uncounted ages. With universal educa-
tion, universal suffrage, amnesty, that shall
follow swift upon the footsteps of repentance,
and prosperity coequal with the justice and
benevolence of our institutions, we can look
forward to a future which the mind can eon-
template with the highest delight.
Great as we are, we are yet in the day of
small things. Our forty million people will in
two years, by the construction of the Pacific
railroad, be brought face to face with the four
hundred millions of the Chinese empire and
with the other vast populations of India and
Japan. Our own ratio of growth is moving
forward with accelerated rapidity. Bach day
adds new enlightenment to the people of our
own country and of Europe. In our own land
the result is increased energy, industry, and
enterprise ; in Europe the result is increased
agitation, increased demand for popular rights,
and increased migration to our own shores.^
Let us, then, not put aside this acquisi-
tion. Our flag now floats over it. That flag
should never recede. Let us take this terri-
tory for its present worth—its soil, its harbors,
its fisheries, its forests; not overrating them
and yet not underrating them; and remem-
bering always that the natural tendency of the
mind is to undervalue all unknown lands, and
to view them, as did the poet, as—
" Antres yast or deserts idle,
Rough quarries, rocks, or hills whose tops touch
heaven."
But, beyond all the present importance of
this region, let its future consequence be recog-
nized. The entire Pacific coast of the North
American continent fronting Japan, China,
and India should belong to the nation whose
capital is here, whose commercial centers wiE
be found at New York and San Francisco,
and whose destiny it is to grasp the commerce
of all the seas and sway the sceptre of the
world.
Let us, then, while perfecting our institu-
tions, not refuse to expand our boundaries.
The Committee of the Whole rose inform-
ally.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker has taken
the chair informally, knowing the desire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
to have the afternoon session extended so as
to allow the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shel-
labarger] and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevejts] time to submit some
remarks upon this subject.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent that
the a'fternoon session be extended till five
o'clock.
There was no objection.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. SHELLABARGER addressed the com-
mittee. [See Appendix.]
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floorand said:
I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I shall
not attempt to make a speech on this subject,
for the learned gentleman from Massachusetts
has as completely exhausted the subject as if
he had had it under a moral exhausted receiver.
The inquiry generally is, What is the use of
this purchase, large as it is? We do not want
it for the production of grain or grasses. I
will say a single word as to its valuable utility.
At the early stages of our country the At-
lantic coast, from the Gulf of Mexico to the
Gulf of tbe St. Lawrence, swarmed with all
kinds of fish and living things that inhabit the
ocean, from the whale to the herring. They
furnished the food and the wealth of the hardy
and adventurous people of that region. A
very large proportion of all these animals have
either become extinct or gone for refuge to
safer seas. The whale has betaken himself to
the high latitudes of the Pacific ocean between
Puget's sound and Behring straits and the
mouth of Amour river, and his captors must
follow in order to pursue their accustomed
