112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
Senate.
Reconstruction —Mr. Morrill.
40th Coxa....2d Bass.
begin to exercise any of those functions to put
themselves in harmony with the Government
of the United States? As the Constitution of
the United States provides, when they have
taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, and not before. The oath
proscribed by the Constitution of the United
States is the ligament which binds these States
to the Union; it is as the soul in the body that
animates the State; it is the very breath of
life, without which there is no State vitality
and no possibility of State organization. Is
not that true? Will anybody deny that propo-
sition ? When the oath is gone, what becomes
of the organization? It goes with it, of course ;
the ligament is broken, the breath of life de-
parts. the vitality is gone. Now, did not these
people renounce the oath ? Did they not abjure
the jurisdiction of the United States? Did
they not defy it, deny its authority, and so ab-
dicate power ? Everybody must concede that.
Then the organization of the State was gone,
and it was gone by renunciation, abjuration,
abdication ; so that, taking South Carolina for
illustration, as she led the way to armed rebel-
lion, there was not, in lt>G2, any officer iu the
whole State under oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States. All had abjured,
all had renounced, and the effect was disorgan-
ization of its government, absolute and entire.
That condition of things remained until the
close of the rebellion, so that at the close of
the rebellion there was no officer and of course
no function in that State. The State organiza-
tion was dead; it had broken away from its alle-
giance, if had become foresworn, and it could
perform no act of State authority whatever.
At the close of the war what was the condi-
tion of the State? Disorganized; disorganized
by its own act; disorganized by the abjuration
of every officer who could perform a function.
How could it be reanimated? On the theory
of my argument they had lost all their rights;
they had been engaged in war, and had been
overthrown; they had been treated as a pub-
lic enemy, and had been conquered, and had
lost all civil and political rights, and were iu
a state of absolute disability. There was not
gnonly no officer in South Carolina to perform
the functions of office, but there were no per-
sons in South Carolina who were eligible to
office. How, then, was government to be
revived? The people, just defeated as a pub-
lic enemy, could not do it; they were under
the disabilities of a public enemy—in a state of
total political and civil disability. Some sov-
ereign power, some power outside of them-
selves, must relieve them from this disability,
and give them permission to reorganize those
governments. But, sir, I have not yet come
to that part of the argument; I am simply
showing, attempting to show, the disorganiza-
tion of these State governments.
But one step further: while these Stale
organizations were thus disorganized and lost,
their institutions and laws were overthrown,
so that South Carolina, which went into the
rebellion in 1800 a "slave State," came out a
free State. How ? By the change in her funda-
mental law; and how was that effected ? Not
by her own act directly, but by the incidents
and events of war. By her act of war on the
Government she had given the Government
of the United States the authority to wage
war, and making war the Government found
it necessary to change her constitution and
to emancipate her slaves. Nay, further, it
found it necessary by an amendment in the
Constitution of the United States, to provide
for a total inhibition of slavery in any of the
States. Then, sir, during the war, by the
action of the Government of the United States,
the constitution of South Carolina became sub-
verted altogether ; her slave code and the great
body of her laws were subverted, overthrown
by the supreme power of the Government in
the exercise of its groat war functions during
the exigencies of civil war.
In this view what becomes of ail this talk
about these Slates having '' brought their State
governments'' through the blood and carnage
of the war? According to the argument of
the Senator from Indiana everything else
seeins to have perished; there was general
desolation throughout the South; cities were
sacked and burnt; hundreds of thousands of
the southern people perished; poverty, mis-
ery, distress, general anarchy and disorder
everywhere prevailed ; nothing remained per-
fect and undisturbed but the myth of State
constitutions; "the rights and the privileges,
the immunities and the dignity" of the rebel
States triumphed over all, and came out of the
greatordeal ofbattleunscathedanduntouehed!
And honorable Senators bow reverently and
obsequiously before the shade of departed
slavery as if it were a real entity, had a bodily
existence, and wo were legislating in its pres-
ence and in deference to its supposed king-
ship.
State rights, sir, were annihilated by the
march of the armies of the United States, which
conquered and subdued everywhere, and also
by the infatuation and madness of their people
in making war 011 a Government the most be-
neficent on earth, against which they had
never made any well-grounded or just com-
plaint. During the war they were public ene-
mies, and at the surrender were in a state of
total civil disability and could exercise no func-
tion of Government whatever; their constitu-
tions and institutions were subverted and revo-
lutionized. and they must be touched by a power
outside of them and which lay only in the sov-
ereignty of the Government of the UnitedStates,
before they could be reorganized or vitalized,
or put in harmonious relations with the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
These notions of the effects of the war on
these States are not novel. 1 am saying noth-
ing new, and surely nothing unusual in the
Senate. Those who took the ground that the
nation had a remedy in war knew in the begin-
ning that these would be its results. They
knew that it would be attended with the utter
overthrow of State governments, the utter anni-
hilation of slavery and all its interests. They
anticipated that, contemplated it, and, so far as
its introduction into this Chamber is con-
cerned, it was not original with this side of
the House ; it originated with the Opposition.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] far-seeing, far-reaching, indefatigable,
philosophic iu his speculations upon history
and upon current events, saw it the first ten
days after he eutered this Chamber in 1861, and
proposed to provide for it. He saw that the war
cloud which was then overhanging th« nation
and threatening to involve every part of it in
war—fearful, fratricidal, general war—would be
attended with the results of war ; that it would
give the nation rights of war: that it would
inflict upon the enemy forfeitures and disabil-
ities of war; and he would provide for that
state of things, and I proclaim him here and
now to the nation as the great originator and
inventor of the whole theory of the results which
we are providing for in our policy of recon-
struction. He was the great inventor of the
term, now become historic, " Reconstruction."
He saw at aglance on entering these Chambers
how this thing must be dealt with; that the
people of the rebellious States must be treated
as enemies; that we must hold against them
the rights of a public enemy; that we must
deal with them as enemies, and we must insist
that the results of victory should be the entire
overthrow both of their institutions and their
constitutions, and that the remedy of the nation
would be in the end the right to " leconstruct,"
the right to readjust the parts to the nation.
When the war was over and institutions were
subverted, and constitutions subverted, and
the governments no more, then the honorable
Senator from Kentucky foresaw that it would
be the function and the duty and the necessity
of the Government of the United States to
reorganize and reconstruct. To show that I am
right let me refer to the record ill verification.
I hold in my hand a bill introduced by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky on the 30th
of December, 1801, entitled "A bill declaring
certain persons to be alien enemies, forfeiting
their property to the United States, creating a
lien on said property in favor of loyal persons
to indemnify them for such damages as they
may have sustained by the existing war of
rebellion." I need not read it in detail. It
will be found that it contemplated the exercise
of authority and power far beyond any exercised
by the Congress of the United States since. It
covered the whole question. It assumed the
absolute supremacy of the nation. It was
based on the theory that the nation was at
war; that it had public enemies; that our
former fellow-citizens were these enemies;
that the contest was to be prosecuted as a war
and with the results of war. By thi8 bill the
honorable Senator, in advance, declared the
rebels to be " alien enemies." Not a few of
the leaders; but the provision was sweeping—
every person who should participate at all,
directly or indirectly, in this war was to be
regarded as an "alien enemy." What was to
be the consequence of this declaration? For-
feiture of all rights, civil aud political. That
was sagacious—that was profound even, be-
cause it met the exigency, stated the theory
and the policy of coming events. It took most
of us a long time to reach that conclusion; but
the honorable Senator saw it in advance and
would provide for it.
But that is not all. Here are resolutions
introduced by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky about the same time. The bill was in-
troduced on the 30th of December, 1861. On
the 13th of February following the honorable
Senator introduced a series of resolutions, in
which he undertook to embody the principles
of the war, the principles which underlay it,
the power of the Government, and the liabil-
ities of those who opposed it.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to make a suggestion?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator to do me the justice and the courtesy to
have those resolutions read by the Clerk.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. At the present
time?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly; I
shall be glad to oblige the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no objection to the bill
being read, too.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not care
about having the bill read now. It is pretty
long, but I send the resolutions to the desk,
and ask that they be read.
The Secretary read the following resolu-
tions, submitted by Mr. Davis on the 13th of
February, 1862:
"1. Jlmnlrnl, That the Constitution of the United
States is the lundamentat law of the Uotennnent.
anil the powers established and granted, aud a?
parted out and vested by it, the limitations and
restrictions which it imposes ;,;■,the ]esi=lative,
executive, and judicial depaitment-, aud the States,
aud the rights, privilege*, and iibeities wlit'di it
assures to the people oi the United Slates and the
otates respectively, are fixed, pentianeiiE. and im-
mutable through nil the phases of pence and war,
until changed by the power and in the mode pre-
scribed by the Constitution itself: and tluv cannot
be abrogated, restricted, enlarged, or differently
apportioned or vested by any other power,or in any
other mode.
,, devolved. That betwoon the Government and
the citizen the obligation of protection and obedience
lorm mutual rights and obh^atioa^; and io enable
every citizen to perform hi-* obligations of obedience
ana loyalty to the Government it s=tioulrl give him
reasonable protection and security in .such perform-
ance; and when the Gov eminent fails in that respect,
tor it to hold the edr/cn to be criminal m nut per-
iorrmng his duties of loyalty and obedience would be
unjust, inhuman, and an outrage upon uiU age of
Christian civilization.
" 3. lUxohed, That if any powers of the Constitution
or Crovemment of the United State?, or of the States,
or any rights, privileges, immunities, and liberties
