2636
THE CONGRESS-IOJfAB-G^OBS.
Mm :3%
league from the third district [Mr. Myers]
introduced a bill on the subject. Immediately
after that the Board of Trade of Boston teok
action on it, and recommended the passage
of a bill to secure the facilities needed; fol-
lowing in the wake of Philadelphia and Bos-
ton the boards of trade of other cities took
up the question and asked for legislation in
which the principles running through the pro-
posed- measure might be adopted. There is
scarcely any detail in the bill, excepting for
the protection of the revenue to the Govern-
ment ; but hereafter we hope to perfect a sys-
tem which we are confident will work to the
benefit of the customs aad the great interests
of commerce. The only object now sought to
be accomplished is-a more rapid passage of
merchandise from the port of entry to the
warehouses of our merchants, and while we
have had many memorials from commercial
organizations and business people, both inland
and sea-board, no remonstrance against the
passage of so j ust a proposition has ever reached
us, although the subject has been before Con-
gress several sessions, and ample opportunity
given in all our business communities for dis-
cussion and objection. Importations, as is
well known, are made to comparatively few
of our ports, and the custom-houses of some
of them are so overcrowded with goods that
the importer at a distance must wait months
before he can get them to his storehouse.
This bill provides, under certain regulations,
and with proper security to the Government,
for their immediate transmission to the local-
ity of the merchant to whom they belong,
whose losses, under existing laws, have been
heavy and ruinous. The Committee on Com-
merce has examined the subject thoroughly,
and with the favorable opinion of the ollicers
of the Treasury Department interested in the
collection of the customs urge the House to
pass the bill. I hope it will pass.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoox^er.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
that the general principle embraced in this bill
may be a very good one. But I see that in the
details, while provision is made for facilities to
the merchant to get possession of his goods,
the precautions for the security of the revenue
have been entirely disregarded. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Eggleston] will
permit this bill to be referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, postponing action
upon it at the present time.
There is one point to which I would partic-
ularly call attention. Perhaps the gentleman
in charge of this bill will allow an amendment
which would remove one objection to the bill
as it now stands. In the early part of this
session we found it necessary, in consequence
of the monstrous frauds on the revenue, to put
a stop to the transportation of distilled spirits
of domestic manufacture. This bill now opens
the whole subject for the transportation in bond
of distilled spirits of foreign manufacture, and
allows the transportation in any direction. I
think that at least distilled spirits and wines
should be excepted, by inserting after the word
"merchandise" the words "other than dis-
tilled spirits or wines."
Another great objection I have to the bill is,
that on the arrival of goods at a port of entry
in the United States they are ts be delivered
to the person claiming to be the owner or con-
signee for transportation by him without any
examination of the packages or verification
of the invoices. There is no provision to ver-
ify the contents of packages or the correctness
of the invoice, nothing by which the goods can
be afterward identified, nothing to prevent
other packages from beingsubstituted. Under
the present law all goods, on arrival, are subject
to inspection and appraisement.^
Mr. PILE. Does not this bill provide for
the same examination on the arrival of goods
at St. Louis, Cincinnati, and Chicago that
there is now at the place of entry? Are not
the officers as competent and as honest to
approve and assess this duty at those ports as
at the city of New York or New Orleans?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My ob-
jection is that this examination does not take
place on the arrival of the goods at the port
of entry.
Mr. PILE. I think it does.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Not on
their arrival at the port of entry, but after
being transported to their place of delivery;
whereas under the present system everything
on arrival is examined at the custom-house.'
Mr. PILE. What is the peril under this
bill?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
there is a great deal of peril to the customs
revenues. There is one other amendment
which I think should be made. In the last
section it is provided that the compensation of
the officers shall be deducted before payment
into the Treasury. That is entirely opposed
to our present system, which requires all duties
collected to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States, and the compensation of the
officers to be withdrawn from the Treasury by
an appropriation made by Congress.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYERS. I believe I first introduced a
bill embodying the principles contained in the
one before the House. The mercantile inter-
ests all over the country demand the passage
of such a bill. Boards of trade and chambers
of commerce in many of the States have peti-
tioned for the relief which it proposes, and
merchants all over the country have asked for
it. The Philadelphia Board of Trade first
presented petitions for this purpose, and in
pursuance of its suggestion I proposed the
measure after a full examination of its merits.
I think the principle involved commends
itself at once to the common sense of the
House. What is the object of the bill? Sim-
ply this: that when goods arrive at a port of
entry they shall be torwarded to the port of
destination as rapidly as possible. The chief
objection to the present plan is this: when
goods arrive at a port not that of destination,
and are detained there, as happens constantly,
through the immense amount of importations,
very frequently the whole business season is
lost to the importer, besides the expenses of
cartage and loss by breakage for want of care,
before the merchant can get his goods. The
proposed law, however, is not only for the
interest of those who are to receive the goods
at a different port, but of those residing at or
near the port of entry, because their goods,
also, are detained there by reason of the great
amount of merchandise collected there pre-
venting prompt delivery in any case. It is for
the accommodation of those who are import-
ing or receiving imported goods in New York,
Philadelphia, Cincinnati, New Orleans, and
elsewhere. And the reasons for this bill have
been stated so plainly that no words of mine
can add any force to them.
There may be objection to the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] excepting the transport-
ation of distilled spirits, yet I hope the gen-
tleman from Cincinnati [Mr. Eggleston] will
consent to it. This bill is to facilitate the de-
livery of goods arriving from abroad and aid
the purposes of commerce. Wc do not wish
to interfere with the internal revenue laws in
relation to distilled spirits: and I do not think
there is any fear of such a result even if this
bill should pass as reported; but, as delays are
not so likely to create loss in this particular,
I would rather accept the amendment than
endanger the passage of the bill.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Mr. Speaker, I am
very sorry that the article of distilled spirits
has entered into the discussion of this bill. I
will say to my distinguished friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who has been upon
the Committee of Ways and Means ever since
I have been in Congress, that if this bill is to
have no more success than the legislation of
jlis committee has had with regard to distilled
spirits it will come out v.ery badly before we
get through. If I thought there were the least
chance that the Government would be de-
frauded by the passage of this bill I would not
advocate it; but when a. committee, which
ought to stand at least half as well as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, has thoroughly
investigated the subject; when we have received
memorials and letters from boards of trade and
business men generally urging the passage of
such a measure as this; when the entire western
country demands some such legislation, I can-
not understand why gentlemen should under-
take to oppose the measure by lagging in the
article of ardent spirits. Why, sir, as matters
stand at present, the people of the West have
to pay an expert at the city of New York three
per cent, to get their goods passed through the
custom-house there. More than that, they
have to pay in gold or its equivalent the entire
invoice of the goods before they can remove
one package. The object of this bill is that on
the giving of a proper transportation bond the
goods may be sent to any point in the western
country for which they may be destined. When
they arrive there, the merchant can pay the
duty on his sample package, and when lie finds
a purchaser he can pay the duty upon the whole
invoice. Thus he will be placed on an equal
footing with merchants in the city of New Y ork.
Wc find the city of Philadelphia pleading for
the passage of this bill; we find Buffalo, we
find every city in the West anxious that a bill
of this kind should pass.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me that I may ask him two or three
questions ?
Mr. EGGLESTON. Certainly.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. If this is a good bill
for Cincinnati, Chicago, and St. Louis, why not
extend it to every port of entry around the
lakes and all along the Mississippi river?
Mr. EGGLESTON, The provisions of this
bill extend to every port in the United States.
Certain cities are named because they are am ong
the larger cities, and the salaries of the rev-
enue officers there will have to be somewhat
increased.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then comes the
next question: when the provisions of this bill
have been extended to every port in the United
States, how much will the salaries of our rev-
enue officers be increased ? It will be necessary
to have at all these smaller ports all the differ-
ent grades of officers employed in New York
or Boston. Appraisers, storekeepers, weighers,
measurers, examiners, &c., will be required at
every one of these small ports just as though
it were a first-class seaport. The salaries of
the collectors will have to be increased, because
they will have more duties to perform. When
all these increased expenses are incurred, what
will be the additional outlay from the Treasury?
Mr. EGGLESTON. Iamsorry,Mr,Speaker,
that so much ignorance on this subject should
be displayed by my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth.] Living, as he does, in the
neighborhood of the great city of Chicago, let
him make inquiry of the Chamber of Com-
merce of that city. Let him go to the city of
Milwaukee and make the same inquiry which
he has put to me this morning.
In answer to the geutleman's question, I will
say that just as we increase the force in the
West we diminish the force required in New
York city. Under the system proposed in this
bill we shall get rid of hundreds of men who
now make their living in New York by exacting
bribes of experts for passing through the custom-
house goods destined for the West. Besides, it
is in only such cities as are ports of delivery or
entry that any officer is appointed ; and these
officers are paid in proportion to the business
done—the Secretary of the Treasury regulating
such matters.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether this bill does not give
permission to transport foreign spirits through
the country in bond; and whether the legisla-
tion we have been inaugurating this session
