THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
ica cannot fail to produce. Thus Florida was
acquired by treaty from Spain, and Texas, its
nominal exchange, came to us inevitably. Thus
France bade adieu to our continent in ceding
Louisiana, nor could the armed legions of the
third Napoleon prevail over the sentiment of
North American nationality, which ended in the
■warning fate of Maximilian. But two Euro-
pean States now share with us the continent,
for the Central American governments are to
the manner born and republican. England
lias above us a vast domain from Labrador to
west of the Rocky mountains, from the Arctic
ocean to the foot of Canada; Russia, which,
thanks to Peter the Great, discovered that Asia
and America were less than fifty miles apart,
holds the Northwestern Pacific slope to the
Northern sea, and Behring straits, the key to
the Eastern empire.
We are offered this northwestern continent
for $7,200,000 in gold. Much more than the
sum named has lain idle and without interest in
the Treasury for years, and will no doubt for
years yet to come, while such an outlay would
return it to us with increase. Shall we refuse
to appropriate the amount? What then? Why,
I think t hear our opponents say, Russia will
resume its sway and matters stand as hereto-
fore. Perhaps so. for a little time, but more
probably not. The Czar consented to this
sale at our own request. Our fishing trade with
these Russian possessions was so valuable that
the Legislature of Washington Territory, in
January, 18<36, petitioned our Government to
obtain from Russia the privilege " to visit the
ports and harbors of Us possessions to the end
that fuel, water, and provisions may be easily
obtained, together with the privilege of curing
fish and repairing vessels " there, stating that
"abundance of codfish, halibut, and salmon,
of excellent quality, have been found along
the shores ot'the Russian possessions." More
than this, the charter was about to expire i
June, 1867, by which Russia had ceded its
rights over the territory to a Russian-American
company, which had in turn ceded them to the
Hudson's Bay Company. The latter was
endeavoring to get a twenty-five years' renewal
of the charter. But at this appropriate time
our California Senators endeavored to secure
this exclusive privilege for an American fur^
trading company. Our Pacific coast had
already known the value of Alaska, its furs,
fisheries, and game; its ice supplied the Cali-
fornia market and its timber was needed for
our vessels. How naturally the purchase came
about. Russia had enough contiguous land
and had always intrusted the government of
this to others, while we wanted what to us is
almost contiguous.
The learned gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sheixaisakoek] says " that country is strong
which is compact," and intimates that as
British Columbia, with a frontage of five de-
grees on the ocean, intervenes between us and
Alaska it would conflict with the American
doctrine to hold the latter. Just the reverse,
sir. We do wish to be compact. The Ameri-
can sentiment is that we should have had
British Columbia and Vancouver's Island.
In this we failed. But next to that we hold
that by no act of ours shall a foreign State
have its compactness and strength increased
on our continent. The gentleman will not tell
me it is more difficult to sail three hundred
miles from our northern boundary to Alaska
than from New York to San Francisco. You
need not. cross British domain in the former
case nor Mexicau in the latter. Reject Alaska
and there is scarcely a doubt that Russia, hav-
ing once determined to part with it, would sell
to England, and still less doubt that England
to morrow would seize the chance of takiug it
off our hands.
Mr. Chairman, I wonder what the American
people would say to such a result ! If such
must come I will not be responsible for it.
The British empire, covering us on the north
from ocean to ocean, would develop a for-
midable rival on the Pacific to that commerce
and trade which now can be ours alone. The
British North American possessions, now
almost land-locked on the west, hold out little
promise to their settlers and Anglo-Saxon en-
terprise finds no incentive to exertion. Give
it this new outlet and you buildup a permanent,
because prosperous, rival, which holding half
the continent can never be dislodged. The
people of the United States are in no haste,
but they look forward surely to the day when
the starry flag, which they have followed alike
in storm and in sunshine, shall cover the con-
tinent. That day will come in its own good
time. Let us not retard it as we did in settling
the Oregon boundary. No consolidation of
foreign empire must be allowed between these
seas. The possessions of Russia here would
have continued an equipoise to England. She
has now determined to confine her dominion
beyond the Pacific. England never volunta-
rily contracted her possessions. Rest assured
Alaska, if not ours, will be transferred to
Great Britain. The nation which struggled so
hard for Vancouver and her present Pacific
boundary, and which still insists on having the
little island of San Juan, will never let such
an opportunity slip. Canada, as matters now
stand, might become ours some day, could her
people learn to be American ; but never in
such an event.
Ah, says my colleague, on the Foreign
Affairs Committee, from Wisconsin, [General
Washburn,] "the place is worthless." He
does not wish it at any price. The climate is
frightful, the furs few, and the mineral deposits
are not proved to his satisfaction. Well, my
friend is not original—and he knows I do not
use the word offensively—in the rule of a
croaker. We had them every time new terri-
tory was added to our domain; and the files
of the Congressional Globe are very ugly
reminders of the fact. When we acquired
Louisiana by the treaty of Paris, a croaker of
that day called it "a dreary and barren wild-
erness. " Yet this fertile province was divided
into rich States of the Union, and its noble
stream which, with the tributaries, forms an
outlet for the productions of the mighty West,
has a value world-wide, for the possession of
which the armies ot' freedom and slavery red-
dened its very water now forever dedicated to
liberty.
California was called an ill-starred purchase
and bad bargain; yet this same California,
laden with wealth, its cereals and fruits unsur-
passed, its vines bidding fair to rival those of
France and Italy, came to us in less than three
years a free young State, forming the first
barrier on the southwest against the extension
of slavery which led us to its conquest. The
$2,000,000,000 m gold it has added to the
wealth of the world sinks into insignificance
be«ide its geographical advantages and their
development, of which no doubt the pursuit of
that wealth was the instrument.
But, says my friend, Alaska is in a bleak
and northern region. Perhaps there is no com-
moner error than that latitude is the control-
ling element of temperature. I do not pretend
to be a climatologist; but it is well known that
the southwest equatorial winds and thermal
currents of the ocean produce on land what
are known as isothermal lines; and the great
hot currents which, lessened in intensity, flow
against the shores of Britain and Norway, are
but different directions of those which lave
the coast of Alaska. Western Europe, like
western America, is milder in the same lati-
tudes than on the cast. If this be not so, I hope
my friend will explain why London, nearly
eleven degrees latitude north of New York, is
eight degrees warmer. Let me illustrate by
the eastern hemisphere: Pekin, on the west-
ern border of Asia, at forty degrees north
latitude, has winters very nearly as severe as
at St. Petersburg, m sixty degrees. My doubt-
ing colleague says facts are worth a thou-
sand theories. So be it. It is a geographical
fact that in many cold climates, like Canada,
severe winters refresh the earth; and when the
snow is removed the fertility of the soil is so
great that vegetation is luxuriant and rapid,
making their brief summersyield richer abund-
ance than in more tropical climates.
If, however, the argument of latitude is to
prevail, did it ever enter the gentleman's
mind to wonder what England wanted with the
barren, bleak, dismal soil of her possessions
east of Alaska, or why she tried during the
Crimean War to capture Sitka. Has he ever
been to the beautiful city of Quebec—strange
it should have been built in so inhospitable
a region—eleven degrees south of Sitka, it
is true, but, twenty degrees colder. What bar-
barians to be sure 1
Then go to the fashionable and elegant me-
tropolis of Russia itselt, one degree fifty-six
minutes north of the parallel of Sitka, and fif-
teen degrees colder. Certainly one must die
there of frost! And then, sir, remember that
in 1845 the United States were convulsed with
an insane desire. We wero actually going to
war with England to obtain the strip of ground
between forty-nine and fifty-four degrees forty
minutes. Yes. "fifty-four forty or fight" was
the cry; and what for? Simply to adjoin this
terrible land from which my colleague shrinks
with a coldness beyond that of the climate he
depicts—a territory for whic-h we had under
Van Buren and Polk twice offered five millions
and been refused.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
my colleague furnish the proof and evidence
of that statement? I would be glad to see the
evidence of it.
Mr. MYERS. The Congressional Library
is as open to my colleague as it is to me, and
if the information is not there the archives of
the State Department are as open to him as to
me. If the gentleman looks to the files of the
State Department be will find the evidence.
Mr. BANKS. What is th$ fact that is
denied ?
Mr. MYERS. The former offers of this
Government for Alaska. But whether it be so
or not the gentleman will not deny that this
nation were about to go to war with Great
Britain to obtain the country adjoining Alaska
up to 54° 40'.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow nie, I will say that this
Government has three times contemplated the
purchase of Russian-America from the Russian
Government; and twice it has made the offer
of $5,000,000, which has each time been re-
fused.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Has the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions [Mr. Banks] furnished to the House and
the country any evidence to this effect?
Mr. BANKS. I have not. But 1 understand
that to be the fact, and I make the statement
ou my responsibility. Once during Mr. Polk's
administration the matter was discussed, but
terminated without any formal offer or refusal.
The offer, however, was made twice, ouce in
Mr. Van Bureu's administration, and ouce in
Mr. Buchanan's administration.
Mr. FERRISS. I suppose the committee
rely upon the authority furnished by the execu-
tive department. In Executive Document No.
177, a document furnishing the evidence in
answer to a resolution of the House upon this
subject, it is stated that Russia had twice offered
this territory to the United States. But there
is not one particle of evidence in that docu-
ment that I can find that the Government of
the United States ever applied to the Govern-
ment ot Russia for this territory.
Mr. MYERS. This is a matter which has
very little to do with my argument. If my good
friend from New York [Mr. Fbbbiss] will only
be persuaded by the lest of the evidence that
is contained in that document I will drop this
point, for it is of very little importance. 1 only
referred to what 1 believed to be a fact. It will
not do to quote the document for one purpose
and then throw it aside. Let him take it as
evidence in regard to the riches of the country,
its timber, minerals, and fisheries, and i am
content.
It is a fact that Britain, Norway, Sweden,
Siberia, and all the Russias produce gold, even
