2638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
May M
traveling expenses and the other incidental
expenses mentioned here aro great.
1 do not know but that the committee may
have some information within their own reach
that can enlighten us on the question why the
expenses should be reduced $2,500. I iind by
looking at the close of the bill that the whol&
amount appropriated in it is $2,214,283 01,
and I think that nearly or quite two millions
of that is appropriated by these treaties which
the member who has charge of this bill has,
in my estimation, so justly denounced. 1 fully
agree with him that the amount fastened on
the country by our treaty system is an outrage
upon it. But, sir, with relation to California,
the matter is entirely within the grasp of the
Government, and every dollar that is expended
can be known. It is subject to the closest
investigation, and we find that only the small
amount of $64,000, I believe, is appropriated
by this bill for the Pacific coast, and especially
for the State of California, with some four or five
thousand Indians that are under the jurisdiction
of the Government upon these reservations.
Now, I say that the estimate of last year
was made by as pure a man as ever lived, and
that was Charles Maltby, and $7,500 was only
considered sufficient for this purpose. I wish
to understand whether the committee have any
information within their knowledge which in-
duces them to reduce the amount, or is it cut
down on the,jgeneral economical system on
which the committee have entered?
Mr. BUTLER. The original estimate, I
grant, was $7,500. I do not mean to say any-
thing, nor am I instructed to say anything,
against the purity or the propriety of conduct
of the superintendent of Indian affairs in Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. IIIGBY. I do not mean the present
superintendent, but the one who made the
estimate for last year, not this year.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir; and I wish to
assure him that we mean no imputation upon
his friend, if he is so, by reducing his estimates.
But what was controlling upon the minds of
the committee was this: in examining what was
to be done after the salaries were paid, and
seeing what was necessary for incidental ex-
penses, we came to the conclusion that $5,000
was enough; and we made like reductions all
through the bill in these incidental expenses.
For instance, in the general Indian depart-
ment there was a call by estimates for $30,000.
Upon examination we cut it down to $20,000.
In various other divisions of this service we
have cut down the incidental expenses. And
from what examination we could make we
concluded that the Indian service in California
could get along with $5,000 for traveling ex-
penses and rent for the superintendent. He
lias an extra clerk more than others have, and
lie has a large salary.
Mr. IIIGBY. Not very large.
Mr, BUTLER. In comparison with others.
Mr. IIIGBY. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. We thought that $5, OOOfor
traveling expenses and office rent quite as
much as the country could afford, and we can
try the experiment for one year at least with
$5,000.
Mr. ITIGBY. I will say to the member
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] that I am
not so strenuous upon this point as I shall be
upon some other points that are more vital.
But I wanted to know why this reduction was
made.
Mr. BUTLER. I have stated the reasons.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Higisy, and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following pragrapli:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service inMontanaTerritory.preseritsof goods,agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes and
sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, $15,000.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move, to amend the
paragraphjustread by strikingout "$15,000"
and inserting " $20,000." 1 find by reference
to the bill that for Colorado Territory there
is an appropriation of $20,000; for Dakota,
$15,000; for Idaho, $15,000; for Nevada,
$20,000. Now, there are three times as many
Indians in Montana Territory as there aro in
any other Territory in the United States; at
least three tunes as many as yjere are in Col-
orado. I have lived in both Territories, and
know that of which I am speaking. I do not
think there ought to be any discrimination
made between these Territories; but there is.
I do not charge that the discrimination is for
party purposes. But I find that for the Repub-
lican State of Nevada and for the Republican
Territory of Colorado the sum of $20,000 is
appropriated ; while for the Democratic Terri-
tories of Dakota, Idaho, and Montana only
$15,000 is appropriated. Now, I would sav,
with all respect to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts and to other gentlemen who represent
eastern and middle States, that they cannot
know as much about these Indians as the two
Representatives from Minnesota, the Repre-
sentative from Colorado, and the Representa-
tive from Utah, men who have lived among
these Indians for the last ten or fifteen years.
Now, I sincerely wish that the Indian policy
of the Government at the present day was
entirely abolished, was taken entirely from the
civil service, taken out of politics, and placed
where it legitimately belongs, in charge of the
War Department.
I hope the gentleman who has charge of this
bill will consent to my amendment; I think it
is but right and proper. We have in Montana
the largest Indian population of any Territory
in the United States ; and yet this bill proposes
to give that Territory less than isgiven to Col-
orado or Nevada.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman from Mon-
tana [Mr. Cayanatjgii] has so well and properly
put his case that he almost persuades me to eon-
sent to his amendment. But the only ground
I can see for consenting to the amendment is
the very proper and able manner in which it
has been presented ; its merits I cannot see.
The gentleman claims for Montana Territory a
larger Indian population than any other Terri-
tory. I have the statistics here, showing that
in Montana there are 13,633 Indians ; in New
Mexico, 19,979; in Utah, 17,600; and in Dakota,
24,440 Indians. These figures come from the
report of the Indian Bureau made last year,
and unless the Indians in Montana Territory
have been exceedingly fruitful within the last
year, I do not think that Territory can have
as many Indians as these other Territories.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Ignorance prevails in
all the Departments relative to the far West;
and I take it the Indian department is not an
exception. Now, I know that there are more
Indians in Montana than in any other Territory,
the official statements of the Indian depart-
ment to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. BUTLER. It is claimed that in Dakota
Territory alone there are 24,440 Indians ; yet
only $15,000 is appropriated for that Territory,
the same that is given to Montana Territory.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. How many Indians
are there in Colorado ?
Mr. BUTLER. I am informed by one gen-
tleman that there are24,000 Indians there ; the
official report says there are only 7,000. That
shows how difficult itisto get anything from an
official report. In the estimates of the Interior
Departmentis anotethat$25,000isnottoomuch
to take care of the Indians in Colorado. The
ground upon which that large sum is put for
Colorado is that the mining interests there are
very much scattered, and this is necessary for
their protection. It will be observed that all
this is for presents and civilization. I think it
would be better for them to have fewer pres-
ents and lesscivilization. True, I cannot know
as much about this matter, I do not pretend to
know as much about it, as gentlemen who live
out there ; but I ask the gentleman from Mon-
tana [Mr. Cavanacgii] himself whetherhedoes
not think that this whole Indian system, out-
side of the Territory of Montana, (for I will
not ask him to say a word about his own Ter-
ritory,) is a system of corruption and wrong?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. If the gentleman will
give me five minutes I will answer him.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no time to give.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the amendment.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the amount $25,000.
Now, sir, I will answer the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
although I did not expect this discussion to
come up. I will say frankly that, in my judg-
ment, the entire Indian policy of the country
is wrong from its very inception. In the first
place, you offer a premium for rascality by
paying a beggarly pittance to your Indian
agents. The gentleman from Massachusetts
mav denounce the sentiment as atrocious, but
I will say that I like an Indian better dead than
living. I have never in my life seen a good
Indian (and I have seen thousands) except
when I have seen a dead Indian. I believe in
the Indian policy pursued by New England in
years long gone. I believe in the Indian pol-
icy which was taught by the great ehieltain of
Massachusetts, Miles Stan dish. I believe in
the policy that exterminates the Indians, drives
them outside the boundaries of civilization,
because you cannot civilize them. Gentlemen
may call this very harsh language; but perhaps
they would not think so if they had had my
experience in Minnesota and Colorado. In
Minnesota the almost living babe has been torn
from its mother's womb; and I have seen the
child, with its young heart palpitating, nailed
to the window-sill. I have seen women who
were scalped, disfigured, outraged. In Den-
ver, Colorado Territory, I have seen women
and children brought in scalped. Scalped
why? Simply because the Indian was " upon
the war-path," to satisfy his devilish and bar-
barous propensities. You have made your
treaties with the Indians, but they have not
been observed. General Sherman went out a
year ago to Colorado Territory. He made a
treaty ; and in less than twenty-four hours
after the treaty was made the Indians were
again "upon the war-path." The Indian will
make a treaty in the fall, and in the spring he
is again "upon the war-path." The torch,
the scalping-knife, plunder, and desolation
follow wherever the Indian goes.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will answer the gen-
tleman's question more directly. My friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has never
passed the barrier of the frontier. All he knows
about Indians (the gentleman will pardon me
for saying it) may have been gathered, I pre-
sume, from the brilliant pages of the author
of "The Last of the Mohicans," or from the
lines of the poet Longfellow in " Hiawatha."
The gentleman has never yet seen the Indian
upon the war-path. He has never been chased,
as I have been, by these red devils—who seem
to be the pets of eastern philanthropists.
Mr. Chairman, I regret that I have not pre-
pared myself with statistics as to Indian atro-
cities. I desire to answer the gentleman from
Massachusetts fairly. 1 repeat that the Indian
policy of the Government from beginning to
end is wrong. If the management of the
Indians is to continue as a part of the civil
service, then there ought to be a bureau of
Indian affairs, under the charge of a Cabinet
officer, who should be responsible for all mat-
ters connected with the management of the
Indians.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Cavanaugh was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
California:
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, to-
gether with elothiuK and food, teams, and farming
tools for Indians in California, $30,000.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend by striking
out in the clause just read " $30,000" and
inserting " $75,000," so as to make the appro-
priation $75,000.
Mr. Chairman, I find that the amount appro-
