114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[February 5,
 
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Morrill.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
history as the most sublime, not only of this
war, but of all time, which is to make this
country illustrious among the civilized nations,
which gave us success in war at home and
honor and credit abroad, was the emancipa-
tion proclamation and the anti-slavery amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
On that question, i am happy to say, the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland was not only
on the side of Congress, but conspicuous. I
shall never cease to remember, with the ut-
most pleasure and delight, the speech, remark-
able for its eloquence and power and pathos
and dignity, of the Senator on that occasion.
1 had to thank him for it then, and I am not
less grateful now. So on the corner-stone of
reconstruction the honorable Senator from
Maryland stands with Congress and against
those who voted against the inhibition of sla-
very, the cause of rebellion in the American
States. This was the first step in reconstruc-
tion. Here Congress began to put the nation
in harmony with the changed state of affairs
brought about by the emancipation proclama-
tion of Mr. Lincoln, which had subverted State
governments, changed slave States into free
States, and necessitated radical reconstruc-
tion.
But that is not all. The honorable Senator
voted for the civil rights bill, the complement
of the anti-slavery amendment of the Constitu-
tion—a bill made necessary by the fact of
emancipation. He saw, as others did not, that
when the slave was emancipated, when the
shackles fell from his limbs, when he became
a "freedman," he must become a freeman.
The President of the United States, whose
vision was dim about those days, said he was a
"freedman," nothing more; he was of an un-
privileged class in our system; he was a serf; he
had ceased to be a slave to his old master to
become a slave to the State. The Senator from
Maryland, rising in his place here in the Senate,
maintained his citizenship; according to the
logic and the principles of the Constitution
there was only one class of persons in this coun-
try, the American people, and they were all
citizens now. The condition of servitude which
was the exception to the general American
principle had passed away, and now every
native-born person was a citizen, and, being a
citizen, he was entitled to all the privileges and
protection of a citizen of the United States;
and the Senator, leaving his associates, gave his
voice and vote to this great bill of rights for the
American citizen and against the objections
of the President of the United States.
But more ; the Senator from Maryland was
for suffrage, the crowning act of congressional
reconstruction. It did not seem to be so at
first, but in the end the, great necessity of
congressional reconstruction, without which
reconstruction in the southern States was im-
possible under the present state of things, was
the ballot. The ballot in the hands of the
negro became as much the necessity of recon-
struction of republican States and their res-
toration as the bayonet in his hands was the
necessity of the war. I do not mean to say
that the honorable Senator from Maryland
thought that was so in the beginning. I think
he did not. I do not mean to say that he thinks
it the most advisable thing possible to be done
now; bat sinking his constitutional doubts in
what he conceived to be the great emergency
of tiie_ Republic, to reconstruct, he yielded all
his opinions, all his constitutional doubts, and
gave not to_ faction, but to country, to liberty,
to human rights, and to the peace and restora-
tion of the country the doubts he might enter-
tain on that subject. For that I honor him.
The clear sense of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Bdckalew] enables him to see dis-
tinctly enough in this debate that the States lost
their governments; that the State constitutions
were subverted; thatthewarwasattendedwith
decisive results; that the nation was victorious,
was the conqueror, and had the rights of a con-
queror; that our enemies lost all; they went in
for the ruin of the nation and lost their rights,
many of them their lives. He sees that, and
so when I propounded the question to the hon-
orable Senator whether the guarantee of the
Constitution applies to the State governments
that antedated the rebellion his frank and char-
acteristic reply is, "of course not; they were
destroyed." X have no occasion to pursue the
honorable Senator's argument after that con-
cession. That brings him in principle on the
side of Congress; he stands for reconstruction.
If they were destroyed they must be recon-
structed. I know that the honorable Senator,
from those relations which are common to all
of us, feels a little delicacy in avowing it quite
as emphatically as I do; and perhaps he will
not thank me for doing it. But his principles
place him on our side. His opinions bring him
with us." He must be respectful to his party
relations, and so the honorable Senator says in
his speech that ho does not exactly approve of
what we have done; he rather prefers what Mr.
Johnson has done, although he does not under-
take to defend it on principle. To the question
whether he thought the constitutional guaran-
tee applied to the Johnson organized govern-
ments he declined to say that it did. He thought
that Mr. Johnson's policy was to be preferred
over that of Congress, because Mr. Johnson had
allowed the people of those States to organize
State governments, and for that reason he was
disposed to accept them. If I had the time and
lie and the Senate the patience to listen, I could
show that the premise on which lie puts his
adhesion to the Johnson policy is fallacious.
Mr. Johnson did not allow the States to form
these governments, lie dictated to these States.
He told these States on what conditions and on
what conditions alone they might form State
governments. He told them who might and
who should not exercise the elective franchise,
who should and who should not be electors of
the convention, and when they were in conven-
tion, what they should and what they should
not do. Remember that he said that as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army; remember he
had these communities in his power ; remem-
ber his military lieutenants were there, and he
had declared martial law to be the supreme law
of the States. He said to them, "Take these
terms and be reconstructed." More, sir, he
undertook to say that a portion of the rebels
should reorganize those governments, while a
majority of the people, the loyal people in some
of those States, were utterly excluded from all
participation in the government. If that com-
mends his policy to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, while he is with Congress in principle,
all I can say is that he must follow the Presi-
dent on a policy that ignores his principles.
I now turn to the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.] That Senator
agrees with Congress in principle that the
rebellion destroyed the States; that at the
close of the rebellion there were no State
governments in existence; that they needed
reconstruction, must be reconstructed; but he
contends that Congress is concluded from any
participation in it, because the President-of
the United States has assumed jurisdiction
and Congress is estopped. I do not propose
to argue this point, because it has been better
done by others than I could hope to do. The
Constitution, I believe, provides that if States
are to be reconstructed or guarantied, "the
United States" are to do it. By what logic
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin under-
stands that the President of the United States
is "the United States," when by the Consti-
tution he is only one coordinate branch of
three, he has not told the Senate in his late
speech, and I do not know that he ever has.
I pass to other considerations upon which
the honorable .Senator from Wisconsin tooli
his departure from the congressional policy
and joined himself to that of the President of
the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to inter-
rupt the Senator 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is no inter-
ruption.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But I wish simply to
state that, as regards the view which I enter-
tained in relation to the effect of the rebellion
upon the States of the South, I discussed that
question at considerable length in January,
1865, and stated my views on that subject. I
refer the honorable Senator to my speech at
that time. In my speech of the other day I
did not go into a discussion of the effect of the
rebellion ufion the States, their governments
or constitutions. I was discussing more the
question of the true policy of reconstruction
to be pursued by Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So I understood,
and therefore 1 do not address myself to that
part of the Senator's speech, but was about to
proceed to the question of policy to which he
objects.
On the question of emancipation the Senator
was sound. He went for the proclamation of
emancipation. On the question of the anti-
slavery amendment of the Constitution the
honorable Senator stood by Congress.and con-
gressional reconstruction. Here, I am sorry
to say, he stopped. He had freed the slave,
and, in the spirited language of the President
of the United States, he proposed to let him
take care of himself. Mr. Johnson had organ-
ized these States. He had put the old slave-
masters exclusively in power. They had
enacted vagrant laws to take possession of the
negro bodily. The courts of the slave States
were closed against the negro. There was no
course of administration of justice in all the
southern States for the negro. The Senator
knew that. He knew that under the laws of
the southern States there was no such thing as
protection to person or property or redress for
grievance for colored men, no courts in which
the negro could be permitted to tell the truth
in vindication of his own rights, and that the
heel of oppression was on the neck of the for-
mer slave. He was held to be a "freedman,"
belonged to a subordinate and-inferior race,
and that his status was a question exclusively
belonging to the States.
Under these circumstances, the Congress of
the United States introduced a bill to protect
him in his civil rights; a bill which assumed
that, having freed him, we are bound to protect
him; a bill which in equity and good con-
science I think the world approves. Not to
have done it would have been infamy in the
American Congress. To free him and leave
him to the domination and tyranny and oppres-
sion of the old master would have been a
cruelty. This is what that bill contemplated;
and when we came to that the honorable Sen-
ator voted no. What is the justification for
that? Has the honorable Senator ever ex-
plained it ? Is it explainable'? Is the denial
of protection to an American citizen explain-
able in law, in equity, or in good conscience?
Sir, it would have been a shame to the nation
and it would have become a by-word and a
hissing in the general judgment of the nations
of the^ earth if it had failed to vindicate its
authority and its sense of justice. Here the
honorable Senator breaks away from congres-
sional reconstruction and stands on the mes-
sage of the President of the United States, who
says it is 110 concern of Congress what becomes
of the negro; he is an inferior man, as if that
was an argument justifying oppression.
Mr. DOOLiriLE. As the honorable Sen-
No ; I
The honorable Senator
ator is not stating my position-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.
stating what the President said.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
referred to me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am stating
what the President said, and what the Senator
indorsed by his vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Seu-
