230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
at the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress be,
and the same is, renewed andcontinuedfor and during
the Fortieth Congress, with all and the same powers
and duties appertaining thereto in said Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and with powor to appoint a clerk, and with
power in its members to administer oaths; and that
any vacancies existing in said committee bo filled by
the Presiding Ofhcer of each House respectively," &c.
That resolution was concurred in by the
House. Now, sir, in addition to this Com-
mittee on Retrenchment and the committees
on the expenditures of the various Departmsnts,
we have a Committee on Public Expenditures,
from which some time ago the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hulburd] made an elaborate
report with regard to the employment of offi-
cials and the expenditures of the Treasury
Department. The duties of all these various
committees cover practically the same ground;
the committees have jurisdiction of the very
same subjects.
Here are three committees with the same
powers, and yet not one of them doing its duty,
the burden being thrown from one to the other.
Sir, let the standing committees on the expend-
itures in the State, Treasury, War, an"d other
Departments have these matters in charge, or
let them be abolished altogether, and let the
general Committee on Expenditures or the
Committee on Retrenchment take the control
of the whole subject. Do not let us have these
committees, with concurrent powers, looking
after the same thing and none of them doing
anything. I ask where in the history of any
of these committees any attempt has been
made toward retrenchment? The last I heard
of the Committee on Retrenchment was that
it had broken like a smashed planet into vari-
ous asteroids, traveling through unknown space,
swearing every man they met. [Laughter.]
The last I heard of the distinguished military
gentleman from New York on that committee
was that he had gone to Albany to see what
was the feeling of the New York constitutional
convention in regard to the impeachment of
the President. They are all traveling round,
and no one attending to their duty. The Com-
mittee on Retrenchment have rooms furnished
at the expense of the Government, and these
other committees have rooms. 1 move that
the vote by which these things were referred to
the Committee on Retrenchment be reconsid-
ered, and that they be referred to the several
appropriate standing committees.
Air. WARD. I suggest to the gentleman to
enter the motion to reconsider, and to defer
action until the gentleman to whom he has
referred [Mr. Van Wyck] is present.
Mr. ROBINSON. Can the gentleman say
where he has gone to ?
Mr. WARD. He is not now in the city.
The gentleman has made some very severe
reflections on the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Van Wyck.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I did not mean to make
and would not make any severe reflections on
him.. I merely repeated what was telegraphed
to the papers, among others I think the Chron-
icle in this city. But I will let the motion to
reconsider lie over for the present.
chinese claims.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform
this House, if not inconsistent with the public inter-
est, how much money has been received from the
Chinese Government, under the treaty of 1853, for the
payment of losses sustained by American citizens,
when and by whom such money was received, and
the number and amount of claims paid to American
citizens out of such nioney, the name of such claim-
ants and date of such payment, and whether any
such claims remain unadjusted and unpaid, and if so
the names of such claimants and the amount of their
lelatms; also, the balance of such money, if any, and
where and by whom the money is now held, and any
other information relating thereto in possession of
this Government or any of its Departments.
whisky meters.
Mr. KOONTZ, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution relative to furnish-
ing meters to certain distillers ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Hasthe
Committee on Reconstruction power, as at the
last session, to report at any time?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
that it may have that power.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to report the following bill:
Section 1. Be it enacted. That so much of the fifth
section of an act passed March 23, 1867, entitled
"An act supplementary to an act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States, passed
March 2, 1867, and to facilitate their restoration,"
as requires that a majority of all the registered votes
of the district shall be cast in favor of the ratifi-
cation of the constitution before it becomes valid
bo, and the same is hereby, so far modified that a
majority of the votes cast at the election for the
ratification or rejection of the .Constitution shall be
considered as valid and as affirming or rejecting said
constitution.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the several
States which may be reconstructed under tho act of
March 2,1867, and its supplements, may at the time
of voting upon the ratification of the constitution
vote also for members of Congress, who shall bo en-
titled to take their seats in the next session of Con-
gress after their several States shall have been admit-
ted into the Union; and until a new apportionment
the election for said members shall be according to
the districts as they existed in 1858 and 1859, except
when otherwiso provided for; and the same cleotive
officers who make the return of the votes cast on the
ratification or rejection of the constitution shall enu-
merate and certify the votes cast for the members of
Congress, and giro certificates of election to those
whom theymay deem entitled thereto.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That until a new
npportionment shall bo made of Representatives
South Carolina shall be entitled to six Representa-
tives, two ofwhom shall boelected by general ticket;
North Carolina eight Representatives, one ofwhom
shall be elected by general ticket; Georgia eight
Representatives, one of whom shall be elected by
general ticket; Florida shall have one Representa-
tive ; Alabama eight, two of whom shall be elected
by general tickefcf Mississippi six, ono of whom shall
be elected by general tickct; Louisiana six, one of
whom shall be elected by general tickot; Texas five,
one of whom shall be elected by general ticket; Ar-
kansas throe; and Virginia 
Mr. BOYER, Mr. MARSHALL, and others,
objected.
pay of cincinnati troops.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to pay certain troops of Cin-
cinnati who were engaged in putting down the
Kirby Smith raid in 1862 ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER, as the regular order of
business, resumed the call of committees for
reports.
reconstruction again.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
from the further consideration of several
memorials from persons asking restoration
to political privileges in the States lately in
insurrection; and the same were referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
internal revenue, etc.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
from the further consideration of bill of the
House No. Ill, relating to the jurisdiction
of the courts of the United StatSs, and bill
of the House'No. 103, to repeal a part of
section ten of an act entitled '1 An act to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue, and
for other purposes and the same were sev«
: erally referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
capture of jefferson davis.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
from the further consideration of sundry peti-
I tions asking for the payment of the award for
the capture of Jefferson Davis ; and the same
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
orphan asylum at charleston.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
from the farther consideration of bill of the
House No. 83, to appropriate $20,000 to re-
build the Orphan Asylum at Charleston, South
Carolina; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
collection of bounty.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of sundry citizens of African descent of the
State of Missouri that the claimants be allowed
to collect their bounty without the intervention
of the Freedmen's Bureau and certain resolu-
tions of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Union of
Washington city; and the same were severally
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
reconstruction again.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of John McClure, of Arkansas, asking an
amendment of the reconstruction laws; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
government of maryland.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be.
and is hereby, authorized to continue tho inquiries
heretofore ordered by the House concerning publio
affairs in Maryland with all the power and authority
given to the committee on that subject by orders and
resolutions of tho House.
Mr. PHELPS. Will my colleague allow me
to offer an amendment?
Mr. THOMAS. I will hear it read.
Mr. PHELPS. It is to add to the resolution
the following:
And that the. Representatives from Maryland be
privileged to attend at tho examination and cross-
examination of witnesses.
Mr. THOMAS. I shall not object to that
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire, with the permission
of my colleague, to say a tow words.
Mr. THOMAS. I would prefer that all the
testimony in this case should be in and before
Congress before we go into debate on the
subject. I would on that account rather desire
the House to act upon the resolution without
debate at this time.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say a few words
in explanation of my amendment.
Mr. THOMAS. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. PHELPS. I think it proper to call the
attention of the House and the country at this
time to the fact that an investigation has been
going on before a committee of this House for
the last twelve months involving the integrity
and independence of a State in full relation
with the Government of the United States,
from which investigation the Representatives
of that State have been .excluded up to the
present time. The proceeding is of the char-
acter of a formal impeachment of one of the
States of this Union ; it is more than that: it
is both impeachment and trial summarily con-
solidated in one and the same process, and
that process a confidential, secret, and ex parte
inquisition. That investigation commenced as
far back as December last in the shape of a
resolution referring to the Judiciary Commit-
tee the subject of the alleged sale of colored
persons in the State of Maryland as a punish-
ment for crime. Now, I wish to call the
attention of the House to the fact that within
sixty days from the time that subject was re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee the General
Assembly of tho State of Maryland, by a vote
almost unanimous in both houses, acting under
their own convictions of duty and not from
clamor or compulsion, repealed the ancient
provision of the code of that State under
which those sales had been made. Yet no
report was made to the House of that im-
portant fact, and the investigation was con-
tinued after its subject-matter by State legis-
lative enactment had wholly ceased to exist.
Other mattors relating to the political affairs
and internal condition of Maryland at a time
when that State stood almost alone in opposing
the dominant party were inquired into by that
