1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ted States, according to the provisions of said act,
and with the further intent thereby to enable him,
the said Andrew Johnson, to prevent the execution
of an act entitled "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," passed March 2, 1867, and to
unlawfully prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then being
Secretary for the Department of War, from holding
said office and discharging theduties thereof, whereby
said Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
did then arid there commit and was guilty of a high
misdemeanor in office.
And the House of Representatives, by protestation,
saving to themselves the liberty of exhibiting at any
time hereafter any further articles or other accusa-
s.uion or impeachment againsttho said Andrew J ohn-
son, President of the United States, and also of reply-
ing to his answers which he shall makeuntothe arti-
cles herein preferred against him, and of offering
proof to the same and every part thereof, and to all
and every other article, accusation, or impeachment
which shall be exhibited by them, as the caso shall
require, do demand that the said Andrew Johnson
may be put to answer the high crimes and misde-
meanors in office herein charged against him, and
that such proceedings, examinations, trials, and judg-
ments may be thereupon had and given as may be
agreeable to law and justice.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Dawes.) There
will be further opportunity for amendment
after this substitute is adopted. If there be no
objection the substitute will be considered as
adopted.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutvell.] it is charged in these arti-
cles that Andrew Johnson has violated his oath
of office, but it is nowhere alleged that he took
the oath of office.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Well, if he denies it,
we must prove the fact.
Mr. MILLER. I think it bad better be al-
leged in the articles. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] will yield to
me, I would like to offer an amendment to in-
sert in each article, after the words li oath of
office,1' the words "which he had taken." I
would like, also, to move the following addi-
tional articles:
Article X.
That the said Andrew Johnson, having been duly
elected Vice President of the United Slates, was on
the 4th day of March, in the year of our Lord 1865,
duly sworn in as such, and afterward, to wit: on
the 15fh day of April, in the year of our Lord 1865,
upon the death of Abraham Lincoln, the regularly
eleetcd and qualified President of the United States,
the powers and duties of the said otliee of President
of the United States devolved by tho Constitution
upon said Andrew Johnson, Vice President al'oie-
said, who was then and there duly sworn in as Pres-
ident by the Chief Justice of the United States and
took upon himself the powers and duties thereof,
and the said Andrew Johnson, as President of the
United States, afterward, to wit: on the 21stday of
February, in the year of our Lord 1868, at Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, to wit: within
theUnited States of America, unmindful of the high
duties of his office, of his oath of office, and in viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States, and
contrary to the provisions of an act entitled "An
act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2,1867, without the advice and consent
of the Senate of the United States, said Senate then
and there being in session, and without authority of
law, did appoint one Lorenzo Thomas to bo Secretary
of War ad interim, by issuing to said Lorenzo Thomas
a letter of authority, in substance as follows, that is
to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington', D. C., February 21, 1868.
Sib: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this
day removed from office {is Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and em-
powered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and
will immediately enter upon the discharge of the
duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
llespeetfully you,,. J0nHg0N-
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, D. 0.
whereby said Andrew Johnson, as President of the
United States, did then and there commit and was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article XI.
That the said Andrew Johnson, having been duly
elected Vice President of the United States, was, on
the 1th day of March, in the year of our Lord I860,
duly sworn in as such, and afterward, to wit; on the
15th day of April, in tho year of our Lord 1865, upon
the death of Abraham Lincoln, the regularly elected
and qualified President of the United States, the
powers and duties of said office of President of the
United Statesdevolved bytheConstitution upon said
Andrew Johnson, Vice President aforesaid, who was
t h on and there d uly sworn in as President by the Chief
Justice of theUnited States, and took upon himself
the poweisand duties thereof, and the said Andrew
Johnson, as President of theUnited States afterward,
to wit: on the 21st of February, in the year of our
Lord, 1868, at Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, to wit: within the United States of America, un-
mindful of thehigh duties of his office and of his oath
of office, in violation of the Constitution and Ia.wspt
the United States,on tho21stdayof February,in the
year of our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with one
Lorenzo Thomas, and with other persons to the
House of Representatives unknown, with intent, by
intimidation and throats, to hinder and prevent Ld-
win M. Stanton, then and there the Secretary lor
the Department of War, duly appointed uuder the
laws of the United States, from holding said office
of Secretary for the Department of War, contrary
to and in violation of tho Constitution of the United
States, and of the provisions of an act entitled " An
act to define and punish certain conspiracies," ap-
proved July 31,1861, whereby said Andrew Johnson,
as President of tho United States, did then and there
commit and was guilty of a high crime in office.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield for those
amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the substitute of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. BoutweliJ will be considered as
adopted.
There was 110 objection.
Mr, JENCKES. I move to amend by ad-
ding as a now article that which I send to the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Article X.
That Andrew Johnson, elected Vice President of
the United States* for tho term of four years from the
4th day of March. A. D. 1865. and since the dceeaso
of Abraham Lincoln, who was duly elected President
of the United States for the same term of four years,
and who was removed by death on tho 15th day of
April, A. D. 1865, tho person upon whom has devolved
the right to discharge the powers and duties of said
office of President of tho United States according to
theprovisionsof thoConstitution of theUniteclStates
for tho residue of the term for which said Abraham
Lincoln was elected President, to wit: until tho 4th
day of March, A. D. 1869, has heretofore, and within
the District of Columbia and elsewhere within the
United States, beingactuatedby tho unlawful intent
and design to assume and exercise the control and
command of the armies of tho United States without
being bound by the laws establishing rules for tho
government and regulation of the land and naval
forces of the United States, passed by the Congress
of the United States in pursuance of the powers
granted to Congress for said purpose by the Consti-
tution of the United States, and to exercise the func-
tions of Commander-in-Chief of said armies other-
wise than m accordance with the provisions of said
laws, and to prevent said armies and tho otlicers
thereof from being the instruments of the execution
of the laws of theUnited States, and especially of an
act entitled "An act for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States," passed March 2, A. D.
1867, and the additional acts supplementary thereto
and in amendment thereof, unlawfully an el willfully,
and unmindful of the duties of tho oflicoto which ho
has acceded under the provisions of the Constitution
in the place of the person duly elected thereto and
removed by death as aforesaid, and during the term
for which he is entitled to discharge the duties of said
office, and in violation of the Constitution and laws
of the United States and of his oath of office, and
especially of the acts of Congre*s prescribing rules
tor the government and regulation of the land and
naval forces of the United States, and of tho act,
being one of said acts, approved March 2. 1867, enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for tho support
of the Army for the year ending June 30, A. D. 1868,
and for other purposes," and also of the actapproved
July 31, A. D. 1861, entitled "An act to define and
punish certain conspiracies," and also of the act on-
titled "An act regulating the teniae of certain civil
offices," passed March 2, A. J"). 1867, and also of that
clause of the Constitution of tho United States which
declares that Congress shall have power "to estab-
lish rules lor the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces of the United States," and
also of that other clause of the Constitution of the
United States which declares that the Presiden t shall
have power to "nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint, em-
bassadors and other public ministers and consuls,
judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers
of the United States whose appointments arc not
herein." that is to say, in said Constitution, "other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by
law," and also of that other clausc of the Consti-
tution which requires the President to see that the
laws are faithfully executed, attempted to obtain
and exercise control and command of said armies of
the UnitedStatcs and of the officers thereof, and has
attempted to remove the chief officer in the War De-
partment, being the Secretary of the Department of
War and the head thereof, and has attempted to ap-
point another person to perform tho duties of Sec-
retary of War ad interim, "when no vacancy had
occurred in said office under the laws creating and
governing the same, and has also, acting under tho
willful and criminal intent and design n foresaid, at the
city of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
21st day of Febiuary, A. D. 1868, by writing, signing,
and delivering to the Secretary of War, Edwin M.
Stanton, a letter in substance as follows, to wit:
Executive Mansion.
Washington, I). C., February 21, 1868.
Sir: By virtue of tho power and authority vested
in me as President by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, you are hereby removed from
office as Secretary for the Department^ War, and
your functions as such "will terminate upon the receipt
of this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, wlho has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Sec-
retary of War ad interim, ail records, books, papers,
and other public property now in your custody and
ch ar&e
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton. Washington, D. C.
And also at said city of Washington, in said Dis-
trict of Columbia, on said 21stday of February, A.D.
1868, hv writing, signing, and delivering to one Lo-
renzo Thomas a letter purporting to be a letter of
authority, in substance as follows, to wit:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary for the Department
of War, you a-re hereby authorizedand empowered
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will im-
mediately enter upon the discharge of the duties per-
taining to that office.
Mr. Stanton lias been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, D. 6'.
Attempted to create a vacancy in the office of Sec-
retary of War without warrant therefor, either by the
Constitution or laws, and with the same willful and
criminal intent and design as aforesaid attempted to
till the supposed vacancy thus unlawfully sought to be
created by the actual appointment of the said Lorenzo
Thomas as Secretary of War ad interim, when no
vacancy had in law or in fact occurred within the true
meaning and intent of the Constitution and laws, and
theieupon did induce and persuade and undertake
to authorize the said Thomas, by the letter aforesaid,
and by other communications with him, the said
Thomas, to attempt to enter upon the performance
of the duties of the office of Secretary of AVar ad
interim, and did thereby cause him to undertake to
perform the duties of said office contrary to law, and
by force to prevent, hinder, and delay the execution
of the laws of theUnited States hereinbefore referred
to, and did cause him, the said Thomas, to attempt
by force to seize, take, and possess the property of
tho United States in and under the control of the
Department of War, against the will and contrary to
the authority of the United States, and did cause
him, the said Thomas, and in conspiracy with him
contrary to the statute aforesaid, did join with hiui
to prevent the said Edwin M. Stanton from holding
the office of Secretary of War as aforesaid, and did
thereby undertake to assume and exercise the func-
tions of Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the
United States, and to issue orders as such Com-
maiidor-in-Chief, and to conspire with the said Lo-
renzo Thomas and others to have such pretended
lotters of authority obeyed as lawful orders, not only
without warrant of law, but contrary to the provis-
ions of the Constitution and laws of the United States
as heiein set forth, and with the unlawful and crim-
inal intent on the part of said Andrew Johnson to
obstruct, delay, and hinder the execution of the laws
as aforesaid, and to assume a power and discretion
not authorized by tho Constitution and laws of the
United States, whereby he then and therein manner
aforesaid has been guilty of a high crime in office.
Mr. JENCIvES. The amendment suffi-
ciently explains itself. It sets forth the acts
and alleges the intent to violate the statute. I
ask that it be adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to oppose the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN, It is open to debate five
minutes for and five minutes against it.
Mr. JENCKES. Do I understand I am en-
titled to five minutes?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JENCKES. This amendment, Mr.
Chairman, alleges the commission of certain
acts by the President in connection with Lo-
renzo Thomas, and also alleges those acts have
been committed with certain criminal intent,
and that intent is to be found in messages,
speeches, and declarations made by the Pres-
ident of the United States on many occasions
throughout the last two years. It comes from
the idea which seems to have possessed him in
his capacity as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army that he can exercise untrammelled and
irresponsible power. Wherever this idea pos-
sesses the mind of the Chief Magistrate of any
country the liberties of the people of that coun-
try are in danger, and it proves he is an unsuit-
able person to administer a government of law.
Wherever that idea takes expression in per-
formance of acts that are in violation of posi-
tive statutes, it is the duty of those who exer-
cise the controlling power over the acts of
the Executive to arraign him and have him
removed from his high office. This is the pur-
port of my amendment.
