1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
231
committee. A resolution introduced by the '■
gentleman from New York, on my right, [Mr.
\\ u;i>.' infracted the Committee of Elections
to inq.iire into the recent elections in that
Slav of 1 <•>)i and to report whether there
had been tiny military interference under the
direction of the President or of General Grant.
1 raised the point at the time that that was not
a subject within the proper cognizance of the
Committee of Elections of the Thirty-Ninth
I'on  re<s, involving as it did the qualifications
and returns of members elected to the Fortieth
Cong:v<s. That point was overruled, and the
re>o.uiioo was referred to the Committee of
K'tvticns. But the Committee of Elections
it'ii promptly and properly reported it back,
w.ch a report stating that the subject-matter
iiot a proper one for the consideration of
that committee. The subject was then referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, who had
before it kiudred subjects connected with the
impeachment of the President of the Uuited
State*: and the only response yet made to the
resolution of inquiry submitted by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Ward] has been
the evidence laid upon the desks of members
of this House in connection with the impeach-
ment question. But no report has been made
from the Judiciary Committee respecting the
miliary interference of the President or Gen-
eral Grant in the elections in Maryland, nor
did the charge find a single echo in the sweep-
ing bill of indictment found by the majority of
that committee.
Not satisfied with these demonstrations upon
a State which took the liberty to give a major-
ity ::i opposition to the dominant party in the
election* in ISO'), a further attempt was made
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
by a re^dution instructing the Committee on
Naval Affairs to inquire and report whether
the general feeling of loyalty in Maryland was
="tr.i if nt to warrant the continued location of
a national institution for the education of mid-
shipman in a .city within her borders. The
committee made their report, the matter was
ta'i'.y discussed in the House, and by an over-
w .-lining vote the effort was defeated.
hat, followed, Mr. Speaker? Despera-
tion at the signal failure of these successive
attempts to control the politics of a State
which had dared to declare against the de-
structive policy of the majority in Congress
prompted a bolder venture. The mask was
dropped, direct congressional intervention was '
indicated, and the purpose foreshadowed to re- \
duce a State whose relations with the Govern-
ment had never been interrupted to an abject
colonial or territorial condition. This unpre-
cedented attempt was made by a resolution
of my colleague [Mr. Thomas] instructing the
Judv.-ary Committee of this House to inquire
wheth't the S'ate of Maryland has in fact a
repuij.ican form of government such as the
United States can continue to recognize. And
for what purpose, Mr. Speaker? Only to bring
the State betbre this Congress for the purpose
of subverting its legal government and substi-
tuting in in place a government of congres-
sional manufacture; which, interpreted in the
light of recent events, ia nothing more nor less
than an attempt to force upon that State, in
opposition to the will of ninety-nine hundredths
of her people, universal negro suffrage at the
point of the bayonet.
Sir, I characterize that now to be the object
of this proceeding; and I think it high time
that some member of this House who has the
interests of that State at heart should rise in
his place here and call the attention of the coun-
try to the fact that the attempt has been made
here, and persisted in for more than twelve
months, bya secretex parte inquisition, no voice
from that State being allowed to be heard in
her defense, not only to impeach a State of this :
Union in full relation to the General Govern-
ment, but to put that State upon trial for its
life, its independence, its sovereignty, its integ-
rity. It is time the country should know what
ias been passing in silence and secrecy through
the subterranean channels underneath this floor.
I have made the effort, by appearing before the
committee having in charge this investigation,
to secure for my State something liko a fair
hearing in the examination of witnesses. I had
always supposed that the constitution of aStato
of this Union was a document of such authen-
tic character that it proved itself. But it ap-
pears that in these days it is regarded as stand-
ing upon parole evidence; depending on matter
in pais, and established or overthrown by such
partisan testimony.as can be drummed up in
the interest of a defeated and disappointed
political faction. Siu-h testimony as this is
brought forward to prejudice the minds of those
who are already sufficiently hostile. Even
the very reasonable request which I made was
refused or indefinitely postponed.
Sir, the wisdom of the common law under
which we live and under which our forefathers
lived for generations has established the right
of cross-examination of witnesses in open court,
the parties interested being confronted with
them, as the chief sanction and the most effi-
cient agent in the elimination of truth and the
establishment of justice.
Mr. THOMAS. My colleague will allow
me to make this remark : the morniug hour
is, I suppose, very nearly exhausted; and I
desire that this resolution shall be acted on
this morning.
Mr. PIIELPS. I have no objection to the
resolution being acted on. I wish, however,
to call the attention of the House to certain
facts connected with this matter which have
not been heretofore presented.
Mr. THOMAS. I will inquire how much
of the morning hour remains.
The SPEAKER. Twenty minutes.
Mr. PHELPS. I shall not occupy more
than five minutes.
I was proceeding to say, Mr. Speaker, that
the right of cross-examination is the right
which, of all others, has been considered
indispensable in the eliciting of truth before
i any tribunal by which even the interests of
i person and property are to be determined.
' And, sir, experience in this country in the
: recent past has proved that of all investiga-
tions that can come.before any tribunal those
in which partisan feelings and political preju-
dices are involved are those above all others
in which the sacred right of cross-examina-
tion shonld be preserved without trammel and
1 without hinderance, still less without denial.
Yet, sir, in this proceeding, in which the sov-
ereignty, the independence, the right df self-
government of a State in full and loyal rela-
tions with the Union have been brought in
question in the form of a solemn trial, no wit-
ness on behalf of that State has yet been put
upon the stand: no voice in the interest of' ]
that State has yet been allowed to be heard.
The testimony has been taken in the absence
and without cross-examination on the part of
those who, knowing the character of the wit-
nesses and familiar with the' political history
of the State, could probe and sift the testi-
mony upon the spot, prune the extravagance
of willing witnesses, and thus aid materially
in eliciting truth.
It is for this reason that I have proposed the
amendment, which my colleague [Mr. Thomas]
has said he will accept, providing that in this
investigation hereafterthe Representatives from
the State of Maryland shall be permitted to
attend at the examination and'eross-examina-
tion of witnesses.
Mr. THOMAS. I hope my colleague will
not occupy the whole of the morning hour.
Mr. PIIELPS. I think my colleague will
do me the justice to admit that I have hereto-
fore occupied very little of the time of the
House upon this important question, and that
upon this occasion 
Mr. THOMAS. I must under the circum-
stances claim my right to the floor. I do not
propose to go into any debate on this subject.
I will simply remark that when the time for
the discussion of this grave question shall
arrive hard words will not have much effect
upon me in the action I shall take or upon
the House itself. At present, sir, until this in-
vestigation is completed, I desire no further
discussion of the subject in this House. In
the absence of the testimony it is a waste
of time, a waste of strength, a waste of the
temper and patience of tho House.
Iu this connection I will remark that before
this amendment of my colleague was moved
some time ago, at my instance, the Committee
ou the Judiciary threw open its doors and
authorized every member upon this floor from
the State of Maryland to read in confidence tho
testimony taken, so that they might prompt tho
committee with the names of such persons as
they might wish to have examined. With such
latitudinous authority given to my colleagues
ou this lloor I do not think there is any room
whatever for complaint.
I will not detain the House lest the hour
should expire in which the resolution should
be acted on ; but I will say this, however, that
, it is hardly necessary to remind the House the
Committee on the Judiciary have had under
consideration a matter of much graver import-
ance than this question touching the condition
of public affairs in Maryland. I refer to the
matter of the impeachment of the President,
and in that fact the committee have abundant
apology for any delay of this isolated question.
It will be found in and out of this House that
this investigation is not to be met by hard
words. I move the previous question, so as to
secure action on the resolution this morning.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman to
yield for -an instant.
Mr. THOMAS. For one moment.
Mr. PHELPS. I have not endeavored either
here or elsewhere to meet this investigation
with hard words. I have not to-day indulged
in hard words either against my colleague or
! the committee.
! Mr. THOMAS. In reference to the subject-
matter.
! Mr. PHELPS. I have done no more than
j give a very temperate expression to my opin-
j ions of the gentleman's proposition and of the
5 mode in which he has seen fit to conduct this
j extraordinary prosecution against his own
State, nine tenths of whose people regard it as
an indignity. It is true, as my colleague has
said, that the members from Maryland have
been allowed to read the evidence after it was
taken, but this privilege has only been accorded
within the last ten days.
Mr. THOMAS. I must resume the floor. I
shall not respond. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BURR demanded the yeas and nays on
the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURR. I understand, this investiga-
tion having been commenced, it is desired to
complete it} and I ask to withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
captain e. v. brookfield.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report ad-
versely on the memorial of Captain E. V.
Brookfield, of Ohio, asking remuneration for
losses sustained while he was a prisoner of war
in the hands of the rebels. As this is a fair
specimen of a large number of cases before the
committee, I ask the House to settle the prin-
ciple on which these claims should be settled.
This memorialist was a captain in the Union
Army, was taken prisoner, and while in the
hands of the rebel authorities had his pockets
rifled of" all his money. In many cases the
parties had their watches and other valuables
taken from them. These claimants ask us to
give them relief by general or spt^ial legisla-
tion. The committee have examined the sub-
ject with much care, and are satisfied that as a
general principle Congress cannot with safety
