1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115;
40th Cong...,2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Morrill.
Senate. '
ator will allow me, I simply desire to say in
relation to that matter, that I did not maintain
that no duty was imposed on this Government
under the constitutional amendment to secure
the freedom and the rights of the negro ; and
I introduced a bill on that subject myself into
the Senate, which I have no doubt was con-
stitutional. On the other hand, I have never
doubted that certain clauses in the civil rights
bill were unconstitutional, and therefore I
voted against it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course. The
point is known ; the honorable Senator voted
against it. That is my argument. • The civil
rights bill shows for itself. It was protection
to the freedmen. It was in the first place,
in its preamble the sublimest declaration in
legislation in this country or any other, as I
remember it. It commenced with a declara-
tion which I am happy to say found a response
in the argument of the Senator from Maryland,
"that every native-born person is an American
citizen." I say it is the sublimest declaration
in all history. Up to that hour such a declara-
ration by the American Congress were a legal
impossibility ; but old things had passed away
in the progress of the events of the war; it
had acquired the authority, and it embraced
the first opportunity to announce it.
But the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
has another difficulty about the reconstruction
policy. He is afraid of the effects of negro
suffrage on the "Caucasian." The Caucasian,
he says, is the superior of all human type.
The Caucasian is the historic man. He is lord
on this continent. He is the man or. horse-
back who has a right to dominate all other
classes. Sir, I doubt whether, in a nation that
gathers its population from all the tribes and
nations and kindreds and families of men this
doctrine will gain the popular favor. How
many "Caucasians" of pure blood are there
here? We have gathered our population from
all the nations of the earth—Celts, Moors,
Spaniards, &c.—and it is supposed there are
some Anglo-Saxons. I never saw one; but
there may be some of the pure blood. In such
a nation as this it is supposed that under our
principles of government somebody who is
whiter than another lias a right to rule all the
rest; and, in the instance of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, it is the Caucasian.
It has been suggested to me that if the Circas-
sian were here the Caucasian would have a
competitor and a rival. The Circassian thinks
he is the better man altogether. I tell the hon-
orable Senator if one of the finest specimens
of the Circassian were here he might find a
rival in beauty and form and grace which I am
afraid the ladies might prefer. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. President, this idea of race in the
Government of the United States is an absurd-
ity. There is no such thing. Is there any race
or color in the Declaration of Independence? Is
there any race or color in the Constitution of the
United States? Was there any race or color
in the American constitutions of the several
States whicli were formed during the revolu-
tionary era? One sublime doctrine underlay
the whole of them—equal rights to all, except
as to the condition of servitude, and all free-
men stood upon the platform of equality before
the law.
Then, Mr. President, I must notice, also,
that the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
has another—what with great respect to him I
must denominate—political infirmity. He has
an apprehension which controls his political
conduct, his policy as a statesman and Ameri-
can Senator; an apprehension of "the an-
tagonism of races." It is the burden of his
speech—a frightful antagonism of race to be
brought about by what? By putting the bal-
lot into the hands of the negro. What is he
going to do with it? Beat out the brains of
the Caucasian ? [Laughter.] Dominate over
him? Rule him, with all his intellectual and
numerical superiority ?' About half a million
of blacks will have the ballot, and that half
million are going to dominate the American
people, thirty-five million in number, and rule
them!
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin would
put the Senate of the United States in the bad
eminence of saying that we have overthrown
the Constitution of the United States in " or-
der" to inaugurate negro domination. Now,
I want to know if he believes that? Is not
that a vagary of an excited imagination? Is
that an American sentiment? Is it logic? Is
it sense? Is it history? Is it anything recog-
nized among sensible men anywhere as a basis
of legislation ? We are to legislate on an ap-
prehension, and the apprehension explained
is^that half a million of negroes, if they are
allowed to vote in a particular locality, will
dominate the land. This is really the position
of the Senator in his recent speech. It will
never be believed by posterity, of course; at
least I hope not; but it is in the speech; and
Congress is arraigned by that Senator and the
speech is published and sent out to the nation
to prove that we are overturning this Consti-
tution—that is our purpose, that is our intent,
that is what wo mean, and in this way—"to
put the negro in power."
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the bayonet.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes; by_ the
bayonet. I forgot that. We mean to do it by
the bayonet. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin is so frightened from all sense of
propriety that he rises in the Senate and says
he trembles for his country; the Caucasians
are to be subjugated. Now, sir, is there any
such antagonism anywhere in the races as the
Senator supposes? If there is, will the honor-
able Senator be good enough to tell me whether
it is an inherent principle in man J whether the
Almighty Maker of heaven and earth, the Pa-
rent of all of us, implanted in our innermost
being a principle of destruction so that it should
come to pass that whenever we came in contact
we would fall upon each other like beasts of
prey ?
The honorable Senator very properly, but
very frequently, appeals to his conscience and
to the principles of Christianity as inculcated
by Him " who spake as never man spake."
That is all well; but does this antagonism of
race harmonize with the doctrine of Christian-
ity ? If I remember anything about the doc-
trine of Christianity, that which underlies
the whole system, that which is itself the gos-
pel of good tidings to man, ignores the whole
of this, treats it as a mean, low prejudice, to
be put away, and proclaims "God has made
of one blood all the families of men to dwell
upon the face of the earth." Nay more; it
inculcates the brotherhood of the race. It
preaches the good tidings that men are broth-
ers; that the inherent tendencies of their
being is love and good will; that if they were
properly indoctrinated by the sublime doctrines
of the Gospel, they would fraternizS; that it
is only heathenism that hates; it is only the
narrow and mean prejudices of men. Talk
about the antagonism of the races!
Sir, I commend the honorable Senator to his
Bible, to his closet, to meditation, and to
prayer to be relieved from the unworthy preju-
dice of the antagonism of races, which does not
exist, which is rank infidelity. Legislate on an
apprehension and keep the negro in bondage!
Why ? Because if you let him at large, he will
fly in the face of the white race, and then conies
destruction! Who will get hurt ? He is afraid
the negro. The negro is willing to take his
chance. I confess to a willingness to see the
experiment tried—all parties having fair play.
[Laughter.]
But these notions of the honorable Senator
are disclosed in many ways. It is not new,
not peculiar to this ease. We had this ques-
tion in another shape early in 1862 oil the
emancipation of the slaves in the District of
Columbia. The Senator was exercised with
the same apprehension then; and it showed
itself in an amendment that these- negroes
must be deported if they were freed. Why?
"There would be murders in'the streets of,
Washington, vagrancy, disorder."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me to state that it was another Sen-
ator who moved the amendment to the bill that
those who were emancipated must be deported,.
and I moved an amendment to the amendment
that none should be deported unless they were
willing to go.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
voted for deportation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of those who were,
willing to go; not for their deportation unless
they were willing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator suppose his qualification changes the prin-
ciple of which I have been speaking? If he
cannot stay with safety he ought to go. Why
the necessity of his deportation? Because it is
not safe for him to be here. Then he ought to go,
whether he is willing or not. That is the ah-
jSwer to that argument. But I remember the
honorable Senator's argument on that occa-
sion very well. It was to show the inferiority of
the negro; that he could not live in the pres-
ence of the white man; that he was perishing,
dying out, and had better be carried out of the
country. The honorable Senator has many
times repeated it here since the war, that his
belief was that two million of them, I think—a
very large proportion of them, at any rate—had
perished during the war.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is true.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Nothing further
from the truth. The records of the Freed-
men's Bureau show that they have not de-
creased, and there is a very good reason for
it. They stayed at home out of danger, to a
very great extent, owing to the circumstances
under which the war was conducted. But that
is not to the purpose further than to show how
unfounded is this apprehension under which
the honorable Senator labors, which controls
his action and his votes here, and binds him
to the policy of the President of the United
States.
I have a few words of reply to the honorable
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.] He
very properly opposes congressional recon-
struction on the opinion he entertains. He
believes in the " abidingrights of the States."
He believes with that famous body of men
which convened at Philadelphia in 1866 to
enforce the policy of the President, and who
were touched even to tears, it is said, by the
thoughtthatthe day when all men were to be of
one mind politically and of their way of think-
ing, would become affectionate and kind to
each other, was fast dawning. They resolve^,
that the rights of the States were "abiding
rights;" that they existed in the beginning,
during the whole war, and at its conclusion.
Having thus resolved they proceeded, in a
qualified way, to indorse President Johnson,
whose policy was based upon exactly the re-
verse of that doctrine. 1 have always sup-
posed that if that convention had acted at all
consistent with their opinions they would hava
recommended the President to Congress for
impeachment; but neither they nor the Presi -
dent made a point of the principles of either.
The President, the late rebels, the anti-war
Democrats, had an issue of reconstruction of
rebel States with Congress and with the great
Union party of the war ; and being agreed in
the purpose of getting into power again in the
nation, what were principles?
The honorable Senator from Indiana stands
on the doctrine which he enunciates that the
State governments, through the war, lost_ no
rights; that they " brought all their constitu-
tions with them through the conflict. But
