1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2639
priated last year for this item is $55,000. As
I understand from the Indian department the
sum of $75,000 is asked to be appropriated
this year. In offering this amendment I do
not wish to be understood as approving the
present system of conducting Indian affairs;
and I may as well say that before the expira-
tion of the Fortieth Congress I will, unless
some other member should do so, bring in a
bill to revolutionize entirely our present Indian
system. I think we should have nothing to do
with the Indians except upon the stipulation
that they shall be placed upon reservations;
shall be no longer wild and roaming. When
put upon reservations and made in a great
measure dependent upon the Government they
become disarmed of the war power which they
otherwise possess; the tribes are broken up,
and the Indians become harmless. In Cali-
fornia, in 18G4, more than a million dollars
were expended in making prisoners of some
three hundred Indians. Those Indians are
now upon one of our reservations, and cost us
but a small annual appropriation. We had
better make these appropriations for fifty years
than have even a small band like that roaming
about and marauding upon the community.
The department has asked that there shall be
appropriated for this item $75,000. I do not
know but the committee may have some inform-
ation showing the propriety of some reduc-
tion of this amount; but I am sure that they
have no information justifying the cutting down
of the appropriation to $30,000, as is proposed
in the bill. It can only be done under the
system of the cleaver or the guillotine by which
every appropriation proposed, however neces-
sary or just it may be, must be cut down. That
is the only rule that can possibly justify such a
reduction. If the committee have any inform-
ation justifying a reduction below $>75,000, x
shall begiadto hearit; butlgivethe committee
warning that, unless the means be provided for
keeping the Indians upon those reservations,
tliey will break away and we shall be obliged
to exert the military power of the Government
to subdue them, involving, perhap's, an«expense
of one or two million dollars. When wild In-
dians are placed on those reservations they are
in process of time rendered peaceable aud in-
dustrious. The parsimony of the Government
in withholding twenty or thirty thousand dol-
lars necessary for these Indians on reservations
may involve us hereafter in an expenditure of
one or two millions.
Air. Chairman, I shall not stickle for an ap-
propriation for the full amount asked, $75,000 ;
but I shall insist that we ought to make a larger
appropriation than $30,000. The latter amount
will not, I am confident, meet the requirements
of the department. I yield the floor that we
may hear any information that the committee
may have upon this subject.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I want the
committee to observe exactly the object for
which this appropriation is made. It is "for
the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, to-
gether with clothing and food, teams and farm-
ing tools for Indians in California." How
many of these Digger Indians of California
ever had milk till the Government provided it
for them? That is a question I would like the
committee to think of for a moment. Then
these Indians have " farming tools." Let us
see what they do with the farming tools. I
hold in my hand the report made by a commis-
sioner sent out in 1866, now our clerk of the
Committee on Appropriations, and he says:
"It is true that the women of almost all of those
Indians do. at the proper season, dig the edible bulbs
and roots of which certain portions of the State are
so prolific. It is true, also, that the men hunt the
grizzly, the puma, the deer, elk, and antelope, and
that, until recently, with no other weapon than those
of their own manufacture, ash bows, the backs of
which are strengthened by a veneering made of the
the sinews of the deer, and arrows headed with
obsidian."
Now. then, sir, that is the description of the
general character of the Indians of California.
In addition we have beeu asked to appropriate
as follows:
For the purchase of cattle for boef and milk, to-
gether with clothing and food, teams and farming
tools for Indians in California, $75,000.
For pay of one physician, one blacksmith, one
assistant blacksmith, one farmer, one carpcnter, and
one_ teacher upon each of the four reservations in
California, and one herdsman, one miller, and one
clerk upon each of the Bound Valley and Iloopa
V alloy reservations, .$25,920.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to purchase a saw and grist mill for the
Round Valley reservation, $5,000.
For amount to pay the settlers of Hoopa Valley
lor their personal property, $4,367 25.
_ For amount nccessary for the purehaseof the Tule
river Indian farm, containing^ twelve hundred and
eighty acres of land, with all improvements, at the
rate of ten dollars per acrc, in United States gold coin,
$12,800.
We are asked to pay all this to the Indians
of California. Last year we found they got
along with $55,000 worth of milk and beef;
and they got along so well with $55,000 we
propose now to try $30,000. If that does
well we will then try $20,000 next year as an
experiment. We see nothing in what has been
stated to raise this to $75,000, but, on the con-
trary, it should be cut down to $25,000. It is
all voluntary, it is all a gift; and I want to say
here once for all that 1 do not understand why
it is that the Indian alone, of all the people on
the globe, should be exempted from the pen-
alty of the primeval curse of man to earn
his breacf by the sweat of his brow. We have
to tax our constituents to feed lazy Indians ;
and that would not be so bad, but we have to
feed still lazier Indian employes. Where we
have made treaties we cannot help it; but where
it is voluntary I am going to ask the comnfit-
tee how many gentlemen will put their hands
into the pockets of their constituents and take
out money for the purpose of supplying with
milk and beef the I)igger Indians of Califor-
nia. Thirty thousand dollars is as far as I am
willing to go.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend by insert-
ing $70,000, for I do not intend to let this go
on only a five-minutes debate.
Mr. Chairman, I have been on all these res-
ervations and seen these Indians, and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts need not bring any
such report as that he has read from, for I
know better. And, sir, I will say more, that
before I get through I will show a letter from
the gentleman of whom I have spoken, of whom
Abraham Lincoln said he was "one of the
purest men who lives," and it will show how
much it is in conflict with the report which the
gentleman from Massachusetts has read to the
committee. I know, sir, that they have to
have subsistence ; and, whether they get it or
not, I say it is within the power and reach of
Congress to know whether these appropria-
tions are carried out in good faith or not, while
there is a difficulty in reference to these very
treaties against which the gentleman so ably
aud so truthfully, in my judgment, has in-
veighed. I know that they have beef cattle.
I know that the Indians labor. I saw them
laboring on each one of these reservations.
The testimony was that they labored well and
faithfully, although they could not do the labor
of white men. I saw them laboring; and
when the gentleman from Massachusetts reads
a report that these Indians use bows and arrows
for the purpose of procuring their living, I
say that report falsilies what is the truth in
reference to the Indians in that State. I will
not allow this matter to go off with such an
imputation, standing, as I do here, as a Kepre-
sentativc of the State of California.
I was on the committee in 1865 for the pur-
pose of examining into the condition of these
reservations. I visited every one of them and
stayed several days on each and made critical
examinations there. I could ascertain near
the number of the Indians on each reservation,
for they were gathered that they might be seen.
I went to the fields where they were working.
I saw them harvesting and using the various
implements of husbandry. They do it upon
every one of these reservations. It is true,
they are simple and rude. They do not un-
derstand doing things like white men; if they
did they could be entirely self-supporting. In
time I think they can be made so, but it will
take a term of years to do it. I think it is the
only system upon which we can enter with
reference to the Indians. The policy of whole-
sale slaughter that the delegate from Montana
[Mr. Cavahatjgh] talks about is one which will
never do in this country.
Mr. RAUM. I desire to ask the gentleman
what obligation this Government is under to
appropriate money for the support of these
Indians ?
Mr. HIGBY. None; only they have been
taken on to these reservations with the under-
standing that the Government will do it, and
they stay there with that expectation, and when
the_ Government refuses they leave the reser-
vation and go out and prey upon the population,
and human slaughter is the consequence. That
is the condition of things now. In the northern
portion of the State they are now importuning
Congress on this subject. Those who suffered
in 1864 think that the Government should make
reparation to them for the depredation of In-
dians at the time the military had to be used at
an expense of more than a million dollars,
though there were only three hundred men
employed. The Indians are now on the reser-
vations submitting to that understanding. Ile-
fuse this appropriation, and I tell you you will
have millions to pay in consequence of their
depredations. As I said before, I do not pre-
tend to say that $75,000 is the exact sum
required, butl want some information from the
committee, more than has been given by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, for this reduc-
tion to $30,000. I shall name the amount
before I get through. I have moved to make
it $70,000, in order that I might have an oppor-
tunity to debate this question.
Again, the proposition to turn over the
Indians to the control of the War Department
is as great a mistake as the present system of
management.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I have only
to use such sources of information as I have.
I cannot say anything from my own knowledge,
therefore I give to the gentleman, in reply, the
evidence which came before the committee. I
by no means mean to impugn any gentleman
from California, either his authority or his
character or his judgment; but I desire to read
for a moment from the financial statement of
this report of 1866:
"In my letter of instructions the commissioner
says:
" 'It is the policy of this department to make the
Indians self-sustaining. Those in California have
reservations that are represented as being very fer-
tile and producing abundant crops, and it is thought
that with proper management and due economy the
expense to the Governmentof sustaining them would
not be considerable; that nothing but clothing and
agricultural implements need bo purchased.'
"After a pretty thorough investigation I must ac-
knowledge concurrence in the above opinion.
"All the improvements, repairs, fcncingr, and ma-
terials used on the reservation are mainly the pro-
duct theroof and the labor, that of the employes and
Indians, with the horses, mules, oxen, and teams of
the Government, so that very little expense would
seem to accrue on this head.
"The subsistence is in large excess. The property
returns from July 1,1866, to the close of the year show
the produce of wheat to be 1,605,156 pounds; this, at
three cents per pound, would be 848,154 65. About
the time of luy visit to the Tule river farm 100,000
pounds of wheat were sold to Mr. D. R. Douglas, a
merchant of Visalia, deliverable at the farm, for
$2,300. This wan a portion of the surplus products
of that farm from the last harvest."
Then, in speaking of the expenditures, he
says:
By this it would seem that the entire amount
available for the year's service is $100.01$ currency.
Of this is expended for salaries of superintendent
and clerk, agents and employes—omitting pay of
physicians whero none are employed—ex-
act $23,400 00
Fortho purcliasc of cattle tor beef and
milk, supposing a considerable natural
increase and considering the quantity o"
fish and other food, the apparently small
amount of beef killed and the few Indians
to eatit—estimated   10,000 00
For clothing, in view of the naked condi-
tion of t h e Indians generally and the cli ar-
acter of that worn by those who were tol-
erably dressed (cast-off white;—estimated 10,000 00
The amendment of Mr* Higby was then dis-
agreed to.
