232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 17,
undertake to restore property taken under such
circumstances. It would be almost impossible
to protect the Government in any general
statute from fraudulent claims.
In most cases we should be compelled to
depend almost solely upon the statements of
claimants for the merits of their claims; and
mistakes would be likely to be made or frauds
practiced in reference to the amount of money
lost. It would be highly dangerous to enact
such a general law, and it would change the
long-established custom of the Government
in reference to claims. I move that the peti-
tion be laid on the table, and that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consid-
eration.
The report was laid on the table.
casiiiered officers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
House bill No. 201, relating to officers cash-
iered or dismissed from the Army by sentence
of general court-martial, without amendment,
except in the title. In consequence of sugges-
tions made by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawks] the committee have
recommended an amendment to the title mak-
ing the bill only declaratory of the law. The
committee consider the objection of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] that the
bill would be considered as authorizing the
reappointment of parsons who have been cash-
iered, is not well taken, and the bill is reported
back without change, except in its title. The
President ha3 the pardoning power conferred
on him by the Constitution, and no limitation
on that power can be accomplished in the
manner suggested by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Logan.] As no one seems to
desire to debate the bill further I move the
previous question.
The bill was read. It provides that no offi-
cer of the Army of the United States who has
been, or who shall hereafter be, cashiered or
dismissed from the service by sentence of a
general court-martial, formally approved by
the proper reviewing authority, shall ever be
restored to the military service except by re-
appointment, confirmed by the Senate of the
United States.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
31, noes 69.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 11G, nays 34, not vot-
ing 38; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arncll,
Delos R. Ashley, James if. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Bcaman, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blaine, Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, But-
ler, Cary,Churchill, Reader \V. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Ooburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnswortb, Fer-
ries, Fields, Garfield, Harding, Hawkins, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Chester I>.
Hubbard,^ Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Judd, Kelley, Ketcham, ICoontz, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy,
McClurg, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mul-
lms, Myers, Newcomb, Nunii, O'Neill, Orth. Paine,
Perham Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsloy,
Price, Robertson, feawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye,
Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Aaron B. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas,
irimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Von Aernam, Burt
ufn' • Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader
U Washburn, EHhu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wiish-
burn, U illiam E. Wash burn, Wclkor, Thomas Wil-
1 liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnuin, Beck, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz, GIo.-^s-
brenncr, Go I lad ay, Grover, ilotchkiss, Richard i>.
Hubbard, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Alarshall,
McCormick, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps,
Prnyn, Randall, Robinson, ltoss, Tabor, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Wood, and Woodward—ll-t.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Benton, Blair, Boutwell,
Brooks, Cake, Cornell, Driggs, Eekley, Ela, Ferry,
Finney, Fox, Gravely, Griswold, Ilaight, liaise}-,
Hamilton, Hill, Holman, Humphrey, Julinn.Kelsey,
Kitchen, Logan, McCullough, JUiller, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Pomeroy, Rauin, Shellaharger, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stone, Talfe, Twichcll, Van Wyck, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—08.
So the bill was passed.
i Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
i moved to lay the motion to reconsidur on the
; table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
an amendment to the title of the bill so as to
make it read as follows:
A bill declaratory of tho law in regard to officers
ca«hiered or dismissed from the Army by tho sentenco
of a general court-martial.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired.
mefcsaoe from the senate.
[ A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed the bill of the House chang-
ing the time of holding the annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, with an amendment, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate liad passed a bill (S. No. 108) for
the relief of Henry Greathouse and Samuel
Kelly, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
THE HOUSE RESTAURANT.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on
the Rules to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That the subjeet of leasing thcrestaurant
and prescribing tho rules under which it shall be
kept is hereby committed to the Committee on Ro-
visal and Unfinished Business, with full power to
make suoh regulations as may to tliem seem expe-
dient. and all resolutions heretoforo passed relating
thereto are hereby repealed.
Mr. SPALDING. Who compose that com-
mittee?
Mr._ BLAINE. Messrs. Luke P. Poland
of Vermont, James F. Wilson of Iowa,
TnEODORE M. Pomerot of NewYork, Wil-
liam Windom of Minnesota, and Samuel S.
Marshall of Illinois.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no objection to
the reference to that committee.
Mr. BLAINE. I call the previous'qnestion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Blaine was
agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
proceed to tho consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
The motion vras agreed to.
congressional clerks, etc.
The first bnsiness on the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolution of the
Senate:
In Sexate op the United States,
December 11,1867.
• Resolved by the Senate, (tho House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That tho select committee of tho
two Houses to revise and equalise the pay of tho
employes of each House be authorized to report by
bill, joint resolution, or rule such provisions or reg-
ulations as may be necessary or proper for rear-
ranging and defining the duties of officers or persons
employed by each House or undertheir joint author-
ity, for reducing the number of sueh employes, and
generally for securing a reduction of the expenses
and the mors economical expenditure of the contin-
gent fund of each House.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the resolution
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
additional bounty.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill of
the House No. 127, in relation to additional
bounty.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
report of the postmaster general.
The next bnsiness on the Speaker's tablo
was the amendment of the Senate to the joint
resolution of the House No. 110, to authorize
the Postmaster General to print five hundred
extra copies of his report and accompanying
documents.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out all of the enacting clause and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That hereafter it shall be the duty of the Congres-
sional Printer to cause to bo printed and bound three
thousand copies of the report of tho Postmaster Gen-
eral instoad of twenty-livo hundred copies, as pro-
vided by the act approved July 27,1806; and that so
much of that act as conflicts with the above provision
be, and is hereby, repealed. And this resolution shall
apply to tho report of the present year.
Also to amend the title so that it will read
as follows:
Joint resolution in relation to the printing of the
report of the Postmaster General.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league, [Mr. Farnsworth,] the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, is not now in his seat. I would suggest
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Laf-
lin] that ho consent that this subject be laid
aside informally until my colleague is present.
Mr. LAFLIN. I have no objection to that.
The joint resolution and amendments were
passed over informally.
union pacific railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an amendment of the Senate to the joint
resolution of the House No. 126, changing the
time of holding the annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company.
The amendment of the Senate was to add to
the joint resolution the following:
And provided further. That on the election of di-
rectors herein provided for, to take place in March
A. I>. 1358, the terms of office of the persons then act-
ing, or claiming the right to act as directors of said
company, shall cease and determine.
Mr. DAWES. That amendment is merely
expressing what of course would be the legal
effect of the joint resolution without it. I
move that the amendment be concurred in j
and upon that motion I call for the previous
question.
Mr. BROOKS, Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] allow me a few
moments ? 
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS. I think this subject should
be referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. It seems we have already passed
this joint resolution through this House. But
it has not undergone any investigation or dis-
cussion here, and we know nothing definite in
regard to it. I protest against the passing of
this class of measures without even having
them printed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am totally uninterested
in this matter; no human being can have less
personal interest in it than I have. I take an
enlarged view, I think, in regard to this par-
ticular road. But behind the proposition now
presented is a private quarrel. It is full of
meaning: and the House will discover it to
be so. _ In view of such circumstances it is
not wise for us to pass a bill of this kind
without printing it and giving members an
opportunity to read it. To do so is most
haety and most dangerous legislation.
