2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chairman, I now
move to amend the same paragraph by striking
out $30,000 and inserting $60,000. I make
the proposition in good faith, hoping that the
House will agree to the amendment. I hold
in my hand the report of the superintendent
of the State of California to the Commissioner
:of Indian Affairs, in which he insists that an
■appropriation of $128,620 is absolutely neces-
sary to enable him to carry oil that depart-
ment. And he itemizes the sums required,
■showing where every dollar will go. In addi-
tion to that amount, which will be laid out in
absolutely necessary expenditures, he foots up
$17,000 for other appropriations which he says
.will be necessary, $4,000 of which is for the
purchase of farms in Hoopa Valley, which the
committee have recommended. Now, I under-
take to say that the Commissioner, in cutting
down this sum, was guided by strict economy
and put it as low as in his belief the service
could be rendered. In fact I have seen the
Commissioner, and he has informed me that in
his opinion the Indians of California could not
be taken care of upon these reservations for a
quarter of a dollar less than $75,000. That
report he has sent to the House, and it is the
evidence and the only evidence that the gen-
tlemen of the committee base their report upon.
Now, I say to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and I wish him to understand me, when
he speaks of the evidence upon which they
base their report, that their report to this House
is based upon the report of the superintendent
for California, recommending $120,000, and
report of the Commissioner recommending only
$75,000. If that justifies the committee in
saying that the appropriation shall be $30,000
then let the House so vote, but I do not think
that justifies the report.
Again, there is $20,000 absolutely neces-
sary, as the superintendent says, in addition to
the appropriation of last year, for the purpose
of enabling him to furnish materials, agricul-
tural implements, beef cattle, &c., at these
reservations. Now, it may be that we can get
along without that $20,000. That is the view
the Commissioner takes. And then there was
another item of $13,000 which the Commis-
sioner thought we could get along without. So
he leaves off both of these items, bringing the
sum down to $75,000. The balance of the
report of the superintendent he takes literally
and he reports to the committee, and upon
that they base their report to the House. He
reports that every one of these items is correct,
and that every one of these appropriations
must be made, and $30,000 would be of no
more account in carrying on this serviee than
thirty cents. The committee must evidently
know that. The offices are all established by
law and the salaries fixed, the provisions for
the support of these Indians are all provisions
of law. And how can this service be per-
formed without appropriations ? It cannot be
performed at all. And the committee might
as well ask the House to make no appropria-
tion for California as ask them to appropriate
$30,000. I hope the amendment will prevail.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 22, noes 33 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. H1GBY. I move to amend so as to
make the amount $55,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have placed the amount
now where it was last year. My object is to
have some opportunity to debate this question
before the committee, as there is no other oppor-
tunity to say anything in regard to it. 1 call
the attention of the committee who have charge
of this bill to another branch of the subject.
There are a great many Indians in the State of
California who were on the Catholic missions
in the southern portion of the State, There
are several thousands of them. They are
harmless Indians. I do not apprehend any
danger of hostilities from them as I do from
those that are now upon the reservations. They
have been considerably educated, but the lands
that they had when we first took possession of
the State they do not now possess. They are
a landless people, although they were accus-
tomed to agriculture when we became pos-
sessors of that country. Why, sir, in years
gone by, portions of this very amount here
specified have been used by the Indian depart-
ment to make some provision for these Indians.
I know there was distributed by Mr. Maltby,
the former superintendent, quite a" large
amount, I do not now remember how much ;
but I recollects receiving a letter from him in
which he said that he had then just returned
from the southern part of the State, and that
is a part of the incidental expenses of the
superintendent and his agents. We have
nearly one thousand miles of coast from San
Diego to Crescent City, and the duties of the
superintendent carry him not only upon these
reservations, but also among these Indians.
Either the General Government or the State
of California has to make some provision for
that class of Indians. They are not upon reser-
vations. They do not desire to go upon reser-
vations. I am inclined to the opinion that if
they could have a portion of lands given to
them for homesteads by the Government, as is
given to others, they would go upon those lands
and cultivate them and live in the manner of
civilized people. But they are in no such con-
dition. They are dependent in great measure,
more or less, upon the Government, and a
portion of this very sum that is asked to be
appropriated—how much I cannot say, but
rrfore or less of it—will be used in that way at
the discretion of the Indian department.
Now, sir, I am not to be driven from the
position which I take upon this question. I
say that it is the duty of this Government and
that it is economy to keep these Indians upon
reservations and even at what seem to be large
expenditures, but which are nothing in com-
parison with what we are expending every year
upon the wild Indians throughout the wilder-
ness portion of the country. I say it is policy,
I say it is economy, for this Government to
make these expenditures. I think that this
Committee of the Whole should place this
appropriation where it was last year, and that
is $20,000 less than what the department asks.
I have no doubt that the requisition for an
appropriation of $75,000 was made not only in
good faith, but in all honesty.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that he believes a requisition has
gone forward for this amount?
Mr. HIGBY. No, sir; I am only speaking
of what the department asks. 1 do not mean
to bo understood that that amount of money
has been called for from the Treasury.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 simply want to repeat
that we are under no treaty obligation, no legal
obligation, no obligation whatever, except our
own good-will and discretion, to appropriate
one dollar here. Now, to show how things
have changed, 1 will state that in 1864, in this
same Hoopa Valley, wheat was purchased cost-
ing four dollars in coin per bushel, or twelve
cents per pound, and the Indians were fed on
wheat at that price. But things have so changed
in California since 18G4 that California wheat
is now feeding the people of Genesee Valley,
from whence, thirty years ago, we got all our
flour for the Bast. With this immense fertility
it cannot cost as much to keep these Indians
iu California now as it did a few years ago.
Again, let me repeat that I can see no rea-
son why, if these Indians will work as well as
my friend says they will, they cannot and
should not earn their own living in a Slate
whore everything grows almost spontaneously
and where everybody else earns a living. Why
must we be taxed to take care of these Indians
after haviug stocked their farms, given them
physicians, blacksmiths, superintendents, and
everything else men need have?
Mr, HIGBY. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so as to make the sum appropriated
$50,000, The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr, ButlbuJ has cited a portion of a report
which, 1 think, is correct iu regard to the
amount paid for a certain quantity of wheat in
the Hoopa Valley in 1864. From an investi-
gation I made there I am inclined to the opin-
ion that it was worth that amount Any man
who will take the traveled route to that valley,
the only one by which one can get to that res-
ervation, and consider the time when the wheat
was sold and the expense of getting it there, I
think would be satisfied that the price paid for
the wheat at that time was not more than a
fair price for that locality. There are forty
miles of travel over two ranges of mountains
three thousand feet high, and I supposed that
was charged for. It is two days' travel on a
good animal to get over there; and you must
ride an animal, for you cannot go there with a
carriage. I know there was some question in
the department about that transaction; and I
gave it as my opinion that the wheat was prob-
ably worth that much at the time and under the
circumstances.
As to the Indians supporting themselves, 1
have this to say: the gentleman, with his brains,
which are of the highest order, may be able t®
get a good living anywhere; but I think he
knows very little about handiwork. What the
Indians can raise from the soil is not all they
want or all they must have. The gentleman
tells us that California is furnishing bread to
the Genessee valley. But to put that bread
on this reservation would cost more for trans-
portation across the mountains than it would
to bring the wheat from California to the Gen-
essee valley. If they raise an abundance of
wheat on the reservation, then they are secure
and safe; but if they do not, then it would cost
more to. transport it to them from the region in
California where it is raised than it would to
bring it around Cape Horn, sixteen thousand
miles by water, to the Genesee valley. 1 know
there is a report that the Hoopa Valley extends
for sixteen miles on each side of the Trinity
river. But the truth is that it does not extend
more than a rifle-shot's space, and in some
places not more than a good stone's throw.
All the good arable land of the Hoopa reser-
vation amounts to not more than twelve er
fifteen bended acres. Yet it is reported here
that the reservation expends for six or eight
miles along the Trinity river. I know better
from personal examination and observation. I
withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Higbt
there were—ayes 18, noes 34 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Higby
and Butler were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 37, noes 59.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the
pending paragraph, by striking out " thirty "
and inserting " lifty-four;" so as to make the
paragraph read as follows :
For tho purchase of cattle for beef and milk,
together with clothing and food, teams and farming
tools for Indians in California, £54,000.
Mr. Chairman, I am aware of the fact that
the United States has no treaty obligations to
fulfill with the California Indians. We have
who
gen-
tleman has asserted nothing but what is true
in telling the House that treaties with the In-
dians are frequently made in fraud of the
rights ot the people. I know that such treaties
are often conceived and executed in fraud. I
know, also, that the gentleman fiom Massa-
chusetts on the committee has tilled this bill
from the first page to the last with appropri-
ations for the purpose of carrying out these
Indian treaties iu good faith. I know that he
has reported upon the concluding page of tho
bill a recommendation that nearly two million
dollars be taken out of the Treasury to ful-
fill treaty obligations with a handful of Choc-
taws and Chickasaws. 1 have no objection to
that if it is really necessary to carry out treaty
obligations.
But some years ago the Government of the
United States saw the difficulty in which ft
was constantly involving itself by jaeana of
heard that very often from the gentleman «
manages this bill; and it is a fact. The g.
