116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Morrill,
40th Cons. ... 2d Sess.
the honorable Senator indorses the policy of
the President. In this the Senator will allow
me to say that I think he is not consistent with
himself. I propose by the exhibit in open court
of his record and that of the President to
force him to the abandonment of his position.
Whether he will come to our side or not I do not
know j but that is a matter of which he must
judge. It may be the honorable Senator will
take the side of his Democratic,friends in the
South, who would rather have military despot-
ism than reconstruction under Congress.
The honorable Senator assumes that the policy
of President Johnson was based uponthe recog-
nition of the existence of the State governments.
If that is so, the Senator is right in supporting it.
If it is not so, he will agree with me that there
i? nofoundatioa for his faith. In the first place,
it should be observed that the Senator from
Indiana undertakes for support to connect
the poli.cy of Mr. Lincoln with the policy of
President Johnson. He says the two are iden-
tical ; and that Mr. Johnson inherited this policy
from President Lincoln; that they were both
founded upon the idea that the States had not
lost their organizations; and both went upon
the policy of restoring the old State govern-
ments. Let us see how that is. The tirst act
on record, as I remember, of President Lin-
coln on this subject was his proclamation of the
8th of December, 1803, in which he proposes
organization for the States there, as he sup-
posed, in the military possession of the armies
o,f the United States. In this proclamation in
which he introduced the subject of the condi-
tion of these States, is this language:
" Whereas a rebellion now exists whereby the loyal
State governments of several States have for a long
timobeen"—
What?
"subverted."
Subverted, overthrown, destroyed. That is
the Lincoln policy, flat and square. And fur-
ther, in some directions to the military author-
ities with regard to resuscitating these States,
he uses, this language:
"And being a qualified voter by the election law
of the State existing immediately betore tho so-
called act of secession, and excluding all others,
shall"—
What? Be restored? No.
"shall reestablish a State government."
But a more significant fact still is this, that
in 1865, just before the death of President Lin-
coln, at tho surrender of Lee, when, the rebel
authorities of the State of Virginia, "allhav-
ing come through the war," according to the
Senator, their organizations all complete, legal
States, all ready for readmission, restored to
the Union by the surrender of Lee, undertook
to exercise State authority. The President
issued his order repudiating their action. He
denied their authority, and held that all their
powers were lost in the rebellion.'
'But the honorable Senator thinks he finds
plenary proof, which concludes Congress. To
■use his own words, "Congress is concluded
on this question." Congress in 1864, just
before the adjournment of the session of that
year, passed a bill for provisional governments,
sometimes called the Winter Davis bill, which
provided for the reconstruction of these States,
and the honorable Senator tells us that Presi-
dent Lincoln did what would seem to be quite
an unseemly thing; that he was so determined
that Congress should not interfere with his
prerogative that he " flung the bill" defiantly
m the face of Congress, as much as to say,
"Attend to your own affairs; I am the United
States; I claim the right to reconstruct or re-
organize these States; Congress has nothing
to do with it; I defy Congress." I denounce
Congress, would be tho implication fairly from
the language of tlie Senator. " It is none of
your concern whatever; it is my business;
aud in due time I will restore, as I am restor-
ing, tho States." Now, what was tho fact?
President Lincoln did.not "sign that bill."
Why ? "It was sent to him only an hour be-
fore the adjournment." He had had an idea
that some of these States might be brought in
in another way; he had experimental organi-
zations in Louisiana and in Arkansas, and was
embarrassed on that account. How were those
governments organized? Were the old State
governments recognized ? No, sir; Louisiana
was organized on the basis of one tenth of her
population, with a new government in all re-
spects, and that government was organized at
New Orleans while the rebels were carrying on
their "old State government" in two thirds
of the entire territory of that State. And yet
the Senator from Indiana rises here and tells
the Senate that we are concluded on this ques-
tion; that President Lincoln had intended to
restore "the old State governments." The
President, in words altogether decorous, as
was his wont, said to Congress, that while he
could not, without embarrassment, sign the
bill, that he had no objection to the policy, and
in the future would observe it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. MORliILL, q£' Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to know if Pres-
ident Lincoln, in that proclamation, while he
referred to the case of Louisiana and Arkan-
sas, did not expressly say. that he was unpre-
pared by a formal approval of that bill to be
inflexibly committed to any single plan of resto-
ration ; and did he not in the same proclama-
tion say that he was pleased well enough with
the plan suggested by Congress, but that he
would not be bound to it as a law would bind
him ; but that, if the people went on with the
work of the restoration of their States, the
Executive would recognize the governments
made by them, and would guaranty them in
their republican form ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think he said
something to that effect; but that is not the
point to which I am adverting. He said he did
not wish to be bound to any definite plan for
all the States ; but he did say, in so many
words, as the Senator will find, that lie had no
objection to this plan, and would observe it in
the future, not for all the States, because he
had two States he meant to except. He always
intended to restore, if it were practicable, in
his own way, the States of Louisiana and Ark-
ansas. He felt committed to it. He felt that
his faith was involved in it, although they were
based on a principle anti-A meriean and anti-
republican, which never could have been recog-
nized by an American Congress, that one tenth
of the loyal voters should organize a State.
Still the President was attached to it, and that
was the principal reason for his dissent from
that bill.
But it is said now for President Johnson's
policy that it is identical with that of Mr. Lin-
coln. If it is, then, it is not in harmony with
the opinions of the honorable Senator on the
record, anS so not entitled to his support. The
first act of Mr. Johnson's Administration upon
the event after he came into power is a signifi-
cant one, and is conclusive, I think, on the
point raised by the honorable Senator. I
think Lee surrendered before President John-
son was sworn into office, and General John-
ston surrendered a short time afterward,
Mr. CONKLING-. On the 18th of April,
1865, and President Lincoln was killed-on the
14th.
Mr. MORRILL, "of Maine. The country
knows that on the surrender of General J ohn-
ston a proposition was made by which all the
southern States, in the language of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, were to be rec-
ognized as having brought through blood and
peril of civil war their constitutions and State
governments, and they were to be offered as a
living sacrifice on the altar of the Constitution
of the United States, and to be introduced
into the Union with all their rights, privileges,
"and dignity unimpaired, as the phrase is. Did
the President assent to it? He issued anorder
repudiating it absolutely, declaring that it was
a proposition not to be entertained, not to be
considered. Sir, does that look like recogniz-
ing and restoring these "old State govern-
ments ?''
But the proclamation which the honorable
Senator has quoted from and commented upon,
and which he asserts binds President Johnson
to the policy of guarantying the old State gov-
ernments, is most important to my purpose. I
will read what the honorable Senator said, so
that I may do him no injustice:
"In the first place, I will state that ho directed
easli of the departments to extend its operations into
tho southorn States."
There is a recognition, says the honorable
Senator.
" Then he goes on with tho work of providing for
rostora tion: and what propositions does he lay down ?
First, lie recognizes the old Staite government of Jf orth
Carolina, just as lie bad done in Tennessee, just as
Congress did in admitting Tennessee, with thereeitals
in the preamble; for, after appointing a provisional
governor and giving him instructions, he says"—
Here is the proof—
"' A convention composed of delegates to be chosen
by that portion of the people of said State who are
loyal to the United States, and no others, for the
purpose of altering or amending the constitution
thereof.' "
He quotes further, as follows:
'"And with authority to exercise within the limits
of said State all tho powers necessary and proper to
enable such loyal people of the State of North Caro-
lina to restore said State to its constitutional rela-
tions to tho Federal Government'.'"
And there it stops. There is a period. That
is the full sentence. That is the complete ex-
pression of the President of the United States,
as the honorable Senator quotes it to the Sen-
ate, and as he intends it shall go to the coun-
try to prove his position. Now, what is tho
whole of it?
"And with authority to exercise within the limits
of said State all the powers necessary and proper to
enable such loyal people of the State of North Caro-
lina to restore said State to its constitutional rela-
tions to tho Federal Government, and to present"—
Here is the point—
"and to present such a republican form of State
government as will entitle the State to theguaranteo
of the United States therefor, and its people to pro-
tection by the United States against invasion, insur-
rection, and domestic violence."
There the sentence ends. The Senator finds
it convenient to sustain his argument to divide
the sentence, to break off in the middle of the
sentence ; so that where he makes it end it
means one thing, and where it does end it
means another and quite the reverse. Where
it does end it means the reconstruction of a
republican government. Of course, the Sen-
ator did not see that it had that effect. He
quoted it altogether inadvertently, I am bound
to believe. The honorable Senator, of course,
in the hurry of the discussion, under the im-
pulses of the moment, intent on proving his
point, quoted enough to prove the point, and
forgot, omitted, overlooked, did not see the
significance or relation of the rest of the sen-
tence.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me one moment?
Mr. MORliILL, of Maine. Certainlv.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not choose to
accept the defense made by the Senator for rae.
I understood exactly what 1 was saving. The
point that I was making was this, as the Senator
has stated : that, notwithstanding the contra-
dictory statement in the preamble in that,
proclamation, in the body of the bill, if I may
so express it. the President authorized the pro-
visional governor to call a convention, and
that convention to amend the constitution. My
argument was, that if the President did not
recognize the old constitution as an existing
thing it could not be amended; that the doc-
