8664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
slio w of reason under this grant standing alone,
rights and powers which would absorb all the
powers of the Government and every depart-
ment thereof. The word treaty signifies an
agreement, league, or contract. This agree-
ment, league, or contract is to be entered into
by the President with the concurrence of two
thirds of the Senators present. With whom
it may be made, and the subject-matter of such
agreement, league, or contract, are not men-
tioned. Where is the'limit? Under this power
thus conferred the President has entered into
an agreement or contract for the purchase of
these Russian possessions. He and those who
put the same construction upon this power that
he does, claim that this contract is fully exe-
cuted, is binding and obligatory upon the Uni-
ted States Government, upon all the depart-
ments and every officer and subject thereof,
notwithstanding it contains a provision in the
sixth article—
"That the United States shall pay at the Treasury
in Washington within ton months after the exchange
of the ratifications of this convention "—
a period now passed—
" to the diplomatic representative or other agent of
his majesty the emperor of all the llusslas duiy au-
thorized to receive the same, $7,200,000 in gold."
In 1770, when the British treaty, generally
known as the Jay treaty, which required legis-
lative aid to curry it into full effect, was under
discussion, the House of Representatives,
after a most learned and exhaustive debate,
adopted the following resolution :
"Resolved, That it being declared by the second
section of the second article of the Constitution that
the President shall have power, by and with the
ad.vice of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thuds of the Senate present shall concur, the House
of Representatives do not claim any agency in mak-
ing treaties ; but that when a treaty stipulates regu-
lations. on any of the faubjeets submitted by the Con-
stitution to the power of Congress it must depend tor
its execution as to such stipulations on a law or laws
to be passed by Congress. And it is the constitutional
right and duty of the House of Representatives in
all such cases to deliberato oil the expediency or
inexpediency of carrying such treaty into effect, and
to determine and act thereon as in their judgment
may be most conducive to the public good."
This resolution was adopted by a vote of
57 to 85. This House, then, at that early day,
by a very decided vote, declared that when a
treaty stipulated regulations such as the money
article of this Russian treaty, it must depend
for its execution as to such stipulations on a
law or laws to be passed by Congress. And
now I undertake to say that this right thus
claimed has never been relinquished by any
subsequent Congress, but repeatedly reasserted
and reaffirmed. For a long time afterward it
seems to have been conceded to be the true
construction of the Constitution in that regard.
Seven years afterward, when we acquired
Louisiana, by far the most valuable of all our
territorial acquisitions, the law-making power
was called in, and it was conceded to be indis-
pensable to carry into effect the treaty by
which we obtained that territory. When that
treaty was submitted to the House and a res-
olution requesting of the President information
in relation to the cession by Spain to France
and the title acquired by the United States
was under discussion, Mr. Randolph, though
opposing the resolution, said:
"I hold in the highest veneration the principle
established in the case of the British treaty and the
men by whom it was established, that in all matters
requiring legislative aid it was the right and duty of
this House to deliberate, and upon such deliberation
to afford or relusc that aid as in their judgment the
public good might requiie."
Mr. Smilie, another member, remarked:
"That a subject of this nature had been brought
before the House in the first session of the Fourth
Congress. lie thought it proper to refer to the pro-
ceedings on that occasion to learn the sentiments
entertained at that day. At that day it had bfcen
argued by certain gentlemen that the right of pass-
ing or not passing the necessary laws for carrying a
treaty into effect did not belong to that House, but
that they were under an absolute obligation to pass
them, that they had no discretion on the subject.
This was a doctrine which he did not believe true,
lie then believed that they possessed the right, and
still entertained the same opinion."
Indeed, upon that occasion the doctrine,
though frequently asserted, does not seem to
have been seriously questioned, and the aid
asked for was granted. This aid was asked in
a message from Mr. Jefferson, then President
of the United States, and it is well to note the
language of that message, as also that of a
special message on the same subject, not only
to ascertain the views of Mr. Jefferson of the
treaty-making power, but to learn how far
away from the original land-marks of the Con-
stitution we have drifted, and to be warned of
the alarming progress already made in the
centralization and consolidation of the powers
of the Government.
Negotiations for the cession of the Territory
of Louisiana by France to the United States
had been perfected, and a treaty to that effect,
so far as the President alone with the consent
of the Senate could execute the same, had
been entered into, as also a treaty with a
friendly tribe of Indians by which territory
was acquired, when Mr. Jefferson by proclam-
ation convened Congress October 17, 1803, an
earlier day than was otherwise contemplated,
but for the great interests involved in those
negotiations. In his message to that Congress
he says :
"The enlightened Government of France saw
with just discernment the importance to both nations
of such liberal arrangements as might best and per-
manently pioinote tlio peace, interests, and friend-
ship of both; and the property and sovereignty of
ail Louisiana, which had been restored to them, has,
on ccrtain conditions, been transferred to the United
States by certain instruments bearing date the 30th
of April last. When these shall have received the
constitutional sanciion of the Senate they will with-
out delay be communicated to the Representatives
for the exeioise of their functions as to those condi-
tions which are within the powers vested by the Con-
stitution in Congress." * * * *
With the wisdom of Congress it will rest to take
those ulterior measures which may be necessary for
the immediate occupation and temporary govern-
ment of the country; for its incorporation into our
Union; for rondeung the change of government a
blessing to our newly-adopted brethren; for securing
to them the rights of conscience and ofproporty; for
confirming to the Xndianinhabitants their occupancy
andscll-govemmcrit: establishing friendly and com-
mercial relations with them, andforascertaining the
geography of the country acquired. Such materials
for your information relative to its affairs in general
as thefchort space of timehaspermiitedmetocoliect
will he laid beioro you when the subject shall be in a
state for your consideration.
"Another important acquisition of territory has
also been made since the last session of Congress.
The friendly tribe of Kaskaskia Indians, with which
we have never had a difference, reduced by the wars
and wants ofsavagelifc to a few individuals, unable
to dclend themselves against the neighboring tubes,
has transferred its country to the United States,
reserving only for its members what is sufficient to
maintain them m an agricultural way. The con-
siderations stipulated are, that we shall extend to
them our patronage and protection, and give them
certain annual aids, in money, in implements of
agriculture, and other articles of rhoir choice. This
country, among the most fertile within our limits,
extending along the Mississippi from the mouth of
the Illinois to and up the Ohio, though not so neces-
sary as a banier sinco the acquisition of the other
bank, may yet be well worthy of being laid open to
immediate settlement, an its inhabitants may descend
with rapidity in support of the lower country should
future eiicumotanccs expose that to foreign enter-
prise. As the stipulations in this treat also involve
matters within the competence of both Houses only,
it will be laid before Congress as soon as the Senate
shall have advised its ratification." * * * *
/'Should the acquisition of Louisiana be constitu-
tionally confirmed and carried into effect a sum of
nearly thirteen million dollars will then be added
tOi our public debt, most of which is payable after
fifteen ycais: before which term the present existing
debts will all be discharged by the established oper-
ation of the sinking fund."
Five days later Mr. Jefferson sent to the
Senate and House of Representatives a brief
message upon the same subject, the first para-
graph of which is as follows :
" In my communication to you of the 17th instant
I informed you that conventions had been entered
into with the Government of France for the cession
of Louisiana to the United States. These, with the
advice and consent of the Senate, having now been
ratified, and my ratification exchanged for that of
the first consul ol France in due form, they are
communicated to you for consideration in your legis-
lative capacity. Y< u wiilobse ve that some import-
ant conditions cannot be carried into execution but
with iheaid of the Legislature; and that time presses
a decision on them without delay."
In the acquisition of territory Mr. Jefferson
not only recognizes the right of Congress to
! act, but avers the necessity of action. Of the
j Louisiana purchase he says:
"When these shaU have received the constitu-
I tional action of the Senate they will without delay
be communicated to the Representatives for the
exerciso of their functions as to those conditions
which are within the powers vested by the Constitu-
tion in Congress."
Of the Indian treaty the language is still
more explicit. He says:
•' The stipulations in this treaty involve matters
within the competenco of both Houses only."
It is generally known that Mr. Jefferson
doubted whether there was any power under
the Constitution in any or all of the depart-
ments of the Government to acquire _ foreign
territory. Pie expressed this opinion in a let-
ter to Mr. Breckenridge, dated August 12,
1803, in which he also writes :
" This treaty [the Louisiana purchase] must of
course belaid before both Houses, because both have
important functions to exercise respecting it. They,
I presume, will see their duty to their eountry in
ratifying and paying for it, so as to secure a good
which would otherwise probably be never again in
their power."
It is impossible to conceive of a more ex-
plicit recognition of the right in Congress to
grant or refuse the aid necessary to carry a
treaty into effect which involves the payment
of money. And this recognition is in striking
contrast with the views of to-day, as evidenced
in the action of the President in regaid to the
Alaska purchase, and his message to Con-
gress in which it is referred to. The whole
subject is disposed of in eight lines. Mr.
Johnson says:
" It will hardly be necessary to call the attention
of Congress to the subject of providing lor the pay-
ment to Russia of ttie sum stipulated in the treaty
for the cession of Alaska. Possession having been
formally delivered to our commissioner, the terri-
tory remains for the present in care of a military
force, awaiting such civil organization as shall bo
direcied by Congress."
In the acquisition of territory Mr. Jefferson
thought the concurrent action of both Houses
of Congress necessary. Mr. Johnson would
have us understand that the treaty was com-
plete and in full force as a law, that Congress
had no discretionary powers, but must make
provision for the payment of the purchase
price.
For a third time, in 1816, when the commer-
cial treaty with Great Britain was under dis-
cussion in the House of Representatives, the
right to grant or refuse such legislation as was
indispensable to carry out the treaty stipulations
was most emphatically asserted.
Again, in 1820, after the Spanish Government
had neglected to comply with the stipulations
of a treaty settling the boundary line between
Louisiana and the Mexican territory, Mr. Clay,
then Speaker of the House of Hepresentatives,
introduced the following resolutions in the
House:
" Resolved, That the Constitution of the United
States vests in Congress the power to dispose of the
territory belonging to them, and that no treaty pur-
porting to alienate any portion thereof is valid
without the concurrence of Congress.
"Resolved, That the equivalent proposed to be
given by Spain to the United States in the treaty
concluded between tliem on the 22d ot February,1819,
for that part of Louisiana lying west of the Sabine
was inadequate; and that it would be inexpedient
i o make a transfer thoreot to any foreign Power or to
renew the aforesaid treaty."
These resolutions were discussed at length,
and although no action appears to have been
taken upon them beyond the debate, there is
no doubt of the opinion of the House. Every
speaker alleged or admitted in express lan-
guage the rightof this House to deliberate and
act as its judgment might dictate upon all such
stipulations in treaties as applied to any sub-
ject enumerated among the powers of Congress,
Mr. Clay said:
"The Constitution of the United States has not
defined the precise limits of that power, because,
from the nature of if, they could not be prescribed.
It appears to me, however, that no safe American
statesman will assign to it a boundless scope. I pre-
sume, tor example, that it will uot be contended that
in a Government which is itself limited there is a
functionary without limit. The first great bound to
the power in question,X apprehend, it- that no treaty
can constitutionally transcend * he very objects and
purposes of the Government itself. I think, also,
wherever there are specified grants of powers to Con-
gress, thoy limit and control, or, I would rather say,
modify the exercise of the general grant of the treaty-
makiug power, upon a principle which is familiar to
every on©." * * * * "But if the con-
