1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1617
The second article was read as follows:
Article Il\
That on said 21st day of February, in the year of
our Lord 1868, atWashington* in the District of Colum-
bia, said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office, of
his oath of office, and in violation of the Constitution
of the United States, and contrary to the provisions
of an act entitled "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," passed March 2,1867, without
the advice an-d consent of the Senate of the United
States, said Senate then and there being in session,
and without authority of law, did, with intent to
violate the Constitution of the United States and
the act aforesaid, issue and deliver to one Lorenzo
Thomas a letter of authority in substance as follows,
that is to say? ^
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having this day been
removed from office as Secretary for theDepartment
of War, you are hereby authorized and empowered
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will im-
mediately enter upon the discharge of the duties per-
taining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public
property now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, J). 6.
then and therebeing no vacancy in said office of Sec-
retary for the Department of War; whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, did
then and there commit and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in office.
Mr. HOLMAN". I ask for a separate vote
oil this article, and call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 40, not voting
27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames* Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Clair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, But-
ler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb.Coburn, Cook. Cornell, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Earns-
worth, Eerriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Halsey, Harding, lligby, Ilill, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelscy, Ketcbam,
Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mal-
lory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mereur, Miller,
Moore, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill,
Drth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, ilaum, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sehenck, Scofield. Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Tafie, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell,Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyek.Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B.Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom.and Woodbridge—322.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Caiy, Chanler, Eldridge,
Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Ilaight,
Holman, Hotclikiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Morgan, Mungen,Nib-
iack, Nicholson, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Stewart, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Aukcn, Van Trump, and Woodward—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker, Barnes, Benjamin,
Cake, Covode, Eckley. Ela, Finney. Hawkins, Asahel
W.Hubbard, Richard D.Hubbard, Kerr, Loughridge,
Maynard, McCuUough, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mul-
lins, Phelps, Pile, Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger,
Aaron F. Stevens, Henry £>. Washburn, William Wil-
liams, and Wood—27.
So the second article was agreed to.
The third article was read, as follows:
Article IIL
Thatsaid Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, on the 21st day of February, in the year of our
Lord 1868, at W ashing ton, in the District of Columbia,
did commit and wa^ guilty of a high misdemeanor
in office, in this, that, without authority of law,
while the Senate of the United States was then and
there in session, he did appoint one Lorenzo Thomas
to be Secretary for the Department of \\T nradinterim,
without the advice and consent of the Senate, and
with intent to violate the Constitution of the United
States, no vacancy having happened m said oilice
of Secretary for the Department of War during the
recess of the Senate, and no vacancy existing in said
office at the time, and which said appointment, so
made by said Andrew Johnson, of said Lorenzo
Thomas, is in substance a* follows, that is to say:
Executive M ^xsiojt^
Washington, D. 0., February 21,1868.
Sir : Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from oilice as Scei etary lor the Department
of War, you are hereby authorized and empowered
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will imme-
diately enter upon the discharge of the duties per-
taining to that office. ,
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and u}> rge. TAUXTQAvr
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHN SOIS.
To Brevet MajorGeneral Lorenzo Thomas, AojutawJ
General United States Army, Washington, JJ. G.
4<1nt Cows. 2d Sess.—No, 1U2
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I ask for a separate
vote on article three, and demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 40, not voting
27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson. Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Batiks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blame,
Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Butler, Churchill, Header W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb.Coburn, Cook,Cornell. Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
Dixon. Dodtre, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Jiliot,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, bravely,
Griswold, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kclsey, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
Ham Lawrenco, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mer-
cur, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrell, Mullins, My-
ers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Price, ilaum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Taffe, Tay-
lor, jhomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. \ an
Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, A\ il~
liarn B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James
F. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge,
Pox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones. Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mc-
Cormick, Niblack, Nicholson, Pruyn, Randall, Ross,
Sitgreaves. Stewart, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Aukcn, Van Trump, and Woodward—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker, Barnes, Benjamin,
Cake, Eckley. Ela, Finney, Hawkins, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Maynard, McCullough, Moorhead,
Morrissey, Mungen, Phelps, Pile, Robinson, Selye,
Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William Williams, and Wood—27.
So the third article was agreed to.
The fourth article was read, as follows:
Article IV.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of tho Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his oilice
and of his oath of oilice, in violation of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, on the 21st clay
of Februarv, in the year of our Lord 1868, at Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, did unlawfully
conspire "with one Lorenzo Thomas, and with other
person* to the House of Representatives unknown,
with intent by intimidation and threats unlawfully
to hinder and prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then and
there tho Secretary lor theDepartment ot War,duly
appointed under the lawsof the United States, from
holding said office of Secretary forthcDcpartmcntor
War contrary to and in violation of the Constitution
of the United States, and of the provisions of an act
entitled "An act to define and punish certain con-
spiracies," approved July 31, LSG1, whereby said An-
drew Johnson,President of the United States, did then
and there commit and was guilty of a high crime in
office.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I ask for a separate
vote, and demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 'SO, not vot-
ing 34 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Pelos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty. Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb,Coburn, Cook, Cornell,Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot,
Earnsworth, Eerriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely,
Griswold, Ilaight, Halsey, Harding, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kclsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Geoige V. Law-
renco, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Lynch. Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mer-
Schenck, Scoiield, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather,
Tatle, Tavlor, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbndge,
Twichell,'Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, William B.
Wa^iburn, Welker, ThomasVI illiam*. Jamesl.Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wiu-
dorn—IK). t
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck. Boyer, Brooks, Burr, C.irv, Chanler, Ekliidge,
Eox, Getz, Glos&bronnei, Golladay, Giovcr, llolman,
Hotchkiss, Richard 1). Hubbard, Johnson, Jones.
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mi ( oimiek, Morgan, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Sit-
gieaves, Stone, Taber, Lawrenco S. Tiimble, \an
Auken, Van Trump, and Woodwai d—&).
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker, Barnes, Benjamin,
Butler. Eckley, Ela, Finney, Hawkins, liicby, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Loughridge, Mavnard,
McCullough, Moorhead, Morrissey,Neweomb.Phelps,
Pile, Poland, Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger. Spald-
ing. Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart.
Stokes, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William Williams,
Wood, and Woodbridge—34.
So the fourth article was agreed to.
The fifth article was read* as follows ;
Article V.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office and
of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February, m
the year of our Lord 1868, and on divers other days
and times in said year, before the 2d day of March.
A. D. 1868, at Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, did unlawfully conspire with one Lorenzo
Thomas, and with other persons to the House of
Representatives unknown, to prevent and hinder tho
execution of an act entitled M An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," passed March 2,1867,
and in pursuance of said conspiracy did unlawfully
attempt to prevent Edwin M.Stanton, then and there
being Secretary for the Department of War, duly
appointed and commissioned under the laws of tho
United States, from holding said office, whereby tho
said Andrew Johnson,President of the United States,
did then and there commit and was guilty of a high,
misdemeanor in office.
Mr. KERR. I ask for a separate vote on
that amendment, and demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 41, not voting
22 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson. Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M.Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, But-
ler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W.Clarke. Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn,Cook, Cornell,Covode,Cullom, Dawes,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot,
Earnsworth, Eerriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfiojd,Gravely,
Griswold, lialsey, Harding, Iligby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd., Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kclsey,
Ketcham. Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy,
McClurg. Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers. Newcomb. Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine. Per-
ham, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pome-
roy, Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Staikweather, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell,Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, James E.Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen E.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—126.
NAYS—Me?srs, Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge.
Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight,
Holman-, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Kerr. Knott, Marshall. McCormick, Morgan, Mun-
_ .    TV" . t. 1 .. 1  A' , aVi rr v\ mill ■> ] 1 W ACS Si t —
an Auken, van j.ruiup, anu uwuwam—*jl.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker, Barnes, Benjamin,
Eckley, Ela; Finney, Hawkins, A?ahcl W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Ilubbard, Mavnard. McCullough, Moor-
head, Moriisscy, Phelps,Pile,Robinson, Selye, Shel-
labarger, Aaron E. Stevens. Henry D. Washburn,
William Williams, and Wood—22.
So the fifth article was agreed to.
The sixth article was read, as follows;
Article VI.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of theUnited
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office and
of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February, in
the year of our Lord 1808, at Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with one
Lorenzo Thomas, by force to seize, take, and possess
the property ol the United States in the Department
of W ar, and then and tli ere in the custody and charge
of Eliwin M. Stanton, Secretary for said Department,
contiary to the previsions of an act entitled "An act
to define and iumi?h certain conspiracies," approved
July 31,1861, and with intent to violate and disregard
an act entitled "An act resulatins tho tenure of cer-
tain c-ivii offices," passed March 2,1867, whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of the Cnitecl States, did
then and there commit a high crime in office.
Mr. KERR. I ask for a separate vote on that
amendment, and demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in theaffirmative—yeas 120. nays 41, not voting
22: as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, James M.Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin-
Bank^ Beaman, Beatty. Benton, Bingham, Blame.
Blair Boutwell. Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, But,
ler Cake, Chui chill. Header W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Wrisvokt, iiaisoy, iiarumg, Aiijxoy, 11111, Jtooper,
Hopkins. Chester D. Ilubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy,
