1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3665
currcncfi of this House be not necessary in the cases
asserted, if there be no restrictions upon the power
I am considering it may draw to itself and absorb
the whole of the powers of the Government. To
contract alliances, to stipulate for raising troops to
be employed in a common war about to be waged,
to grant subsidies, even to introduce foreign troops
within the bosom of the country, are not unfrcquent
instances of the exercise of this power; and if m all
such cases the honor and faith of the nation arc
committed, by the exclusive act of the President and
Senate, the melancholy duty alone might be left to
Congress of recording the ruin of the Republic."
Mr. Lowndes, who followed Mr. Clay in
opposition to the resolution, said—
44 lie was willing to admit that, in relation to those
stipulations which apply to subjects such as are
among the enumerated powers of Congress, the
sanction of the representative body to them was
necessary."
Mr. Archcr, of Virginia, said:
" In contemplating this question, the attention
could not fail to be attracted to the extravagance of
the pretensions of the treaty-making power. In
point of extent the power claimed to cover all the
objects which fall within the scope of international
legislation. The claim was not only to exclude Con-
gress from all participation of control over subjects
specifically committed to its control by the Constitu-
tion, but to bind it to an undeliberating ministerial
execution of the stipulations of the President and
Senate in relation to these same subjects whenever
thej^ might require the intervention of Legislative
details, and a resort to municipal authority for exe-
cution. The admission of the treaty-making power,
therefore, in the absolute, unrestricted character it
assumed to wear, would be a violation of the whole
consistency of the Constitution."
Mr. Trimble said :
"It was not necessary for him to prove that this
House could rightfully and properly refuse to carry
into effect a treaty which, in its judgment, would be
ruinous to the country. The first resolution asserts
this right. He had just promised not to discuss it,
but he would never yield it so long as he was a mem-
ber of this body."
Mr. Anderson said:
M But while he had no doubt of the right of the
House to act in this case, in which, if the treaty were
made, they would bo eallcd on to make the appro-
priation to fulfill it, he strenuously contended that
no case had been made out to justify our inter-
ference."
These are all the opinions expressed in the
debate upon Mr. Clay's resolutions. I have
b?en thus explicit in referring to them from the
extraordinary statementeontained in the report
of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, who reports the bill under
discussion. In that report the honorable gen-
tleman pays :
" The Senate of the United States ratified the treaty
a second time, and passed suck laws as were neces-
sary to give it effect by sweeping majorities against
vigorous opposition, llepresentatives and Senators
holding themselves bound by the act of the Govern-
ment to perform the acts required for the execution
of the treaty."
The conclusion arrived at by the honorable
gentleman from the facts in that case is no less
remarkable. He says:
" It is impossible to cite a stronger recognition of
the obligation resting upon the law-making power
to execute a tieaty made according to the forms of
the Constitution with aforeignnation thanthatwhich
the treaty of 1819 with Spain presents, and no case so
well illustrates the principles by which Congress has
been governed in international questions of this
character."
A remarkable conclusion, indeed, if it is to
be regarded as a case in any manner recog-
nizing any obligation as resting upon the law-
making power to make an appropriation for
the purchase, of foreign territory. It is true
that the next Congress, at its first session,
granted such affirmative legislation as was
asked for, not by reason of any imperative
obligation to do so, but in pursuance of its
deliberative judgment. J have examined the
debates carefully, and I now undertake to say
that no member of the House of Representa-
tives on that occasion expressed any other
opinion than such as I have quoted, as expressed
in the debate upon Mr. Clay's resolutions, and
I do not see how the honorable gentleman can
justify himself in the assertion that Repre-
sentatives hold themselves bound by the_act
of the Government to perform the acts required
for the execution of the treaty.
The debater upon the Jay treaty, and again
in 1816, were by far the ablest and most exhaust-
ive. Extensive quotations from these debates
have already been made by other gentlemen ; I
40tii Coxu 2d Sess.—No. 280.
have therefore only alluded to them. It will
be seen from the action taken upon all of these
occasions that this House has never surrendered
to the treaty making power any of the prerog-
atives expressly confided to it by the Constitu-
tion ; and we are not without judicial author-
ity upon the same question. In the case of
Foster vs. Milson, (2 Peters,) Chief Justice
Marshall said:
"Our Constitution declares a treaty to be the law of
the land. It is consequently to be regarded in courts
of justice as equi valent, to an act of the Legislature,
whenever it operates of itself, without the aid of any
legislative provision, but when the terms of the stip-
ulation import a contract; when eitherof the parties
engages to perform a particular act, the treaty ad-
dresses itself to the political not the judicial depart-
ment, and the Legislature must execute the contract
before it can become a rule for the court."
This covers the whole ground contended for.
Indeed, I do not see how so broad a proposi-
tion as that stated by Mr. Marshall, "that
when the terms of the stipulation import a con-
tract the Legislature must execute the contract
before it becomes a rule for the court," can be
maintained. I understand a treaty to be a
contract or agreement and nothing else. This
judicial construction would subject all treaties
to the action of Congress. The Constitution
has conferred upon Congress certain specified
powers, and unless the treaty relates to some
subject enumerated among those specified pow-
ers Congress has nothing to do with it. If it
does Congress must act affirmatively before
the treaty is binding. This rule must prevail
upon the long established and universally
admitted principle that a general must yield to
a special grant of power, both contained in
one instrument.
Now, does it follow that a treaty which exe-
cutes itself becomes perse a part of the supreme
law of the land? Suppose the President, by
and with the consent of the Senate, should enter
into a treaty with Great Britain to cede to the
latter Power the State of Maine in exchange
for Upper Canada, what would become of our
obligation to guaranty to the State of Maine a
republican form of government, to say nothing
of the many constitutional obligations we are
under to the citizens of that State as citizens
of the.United States? Yet such a treaty would
execute itself. Legislative aid would not be
necessary to carry it into effect. I am sure,
in such a case, my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, who recently
upon this floor so ably and eloquently vindi-
cated the rights of American citizenship, would
not turn his back upon the gallant sons of the
pine-tree State who were being bartered away
like cattle in the stock-yards.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I would like to ask him a question.
Suppose we should become involved in a war
with Great Britain, and after carrying it on for
a while with various fortune, a treaty of peace
should be negotiated upon the basis of uti
possidetis, including Canada on our side and
Maine on the other, does the gentleman hold
that such a treaty would or would not be
obligatory ?
Mr. FERRISS. If the gentleman will listen
to my remarks as I continue them, he will lind
that I meet the question which he puts.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman's
pardon. I did not wish to anticipate the
gentleman's argument; but I was anxious to
understand exactly what ground he takes on
this question.
Mr. RAUM. If it will not embarrass the
gentleman from New Yrork, [Mr. Ferriss,] I
would like to propound to him an inquiry.
Assuming that where the President and the
Senate enter into a treaty which requires 1'or
its execution an appropriation of money, the
House of Representatives may refuse to make
the appropriation, I would like to know ]>v
what principle the House should be controlled
in refusing to appropriate the money?
Mr. FERRISS. Mr. Chairman, it should
be governed by the same principles by which
it is governed in its deliberations upon any
subject coming legitimately before it. The
Constitution of the United States has expressly
given to this House of Representatives the con-
trol of the purse-strings of the nation. No
money can be paid out of the Treasury except
in pursuance of appropriations to be made by
law. When the treaty-making power trans-
cends its functions, as I say it lias done in this
case, and the authorities I have cited confirm
my position, the treaty is not obligatory upon
this House, and we can give the necessary aid
or not, just as we see fit. I will add that if in
such a case as that the House grants the aid,
then the contract, having received the sanction
of all the departments of the Government
before which it can come, would probably be
a treaty.
Mr. RAUM. One further inquiry : conced-
ing, as I have already said, that an appropria-
tion is necessary to execute the treaty, is it
not the argument of the gentleman, and has it
not been the argument of other gentlemen
here to-day, that the only reason which can
be assigned why the House of llepresentatives
shall not make the appropriation to execute
this treaty is that the President and the Sen-
ate have made a bad trade?
Mr. FERRISS. Perhaps so.
Mr. RAUM. In other words, when we have
made a bad trade the gentleman would not
ratify it, and when we have made a good trade
he would ratify it.
Mr. FERRISS. Certainly. I would exer-
cise my judgment just as I would in the case
of a bill passed by the Senate and sent to this
House for consideration. When the Senate
has passed a bill and sent it to this House, we
are not bound by its action ; we can pass it or
reject it, as we may deem best. I would act
on the same principle in this ease.
It is by no means clear that the Constitution
contemplated the acquisition of foreign terri-
tory. Indeed, it was held by Mr. Jefferson,
as has been already stated, that there was no
power under the Constitution to acquire such
territory. The practice has been to make sucli
acquisitions by treaty, Congress giving the
affirmative aid necessary to carry out the treaty.
And 1 do not question that when such aid is
granted, it is to be regarded by all the nations
of the earth as a valid treaty.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman
understand that the Jay treaty was one that
required legislation to give it effect?
Mr. FERRISS. I understand that it did
require legislative aid. Precisely what that
legislative aid was I am not prepared to say.
Mr. WILLTAMS, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will allow me I will state that it did
involve the assumption on the part of the
United States in that way of sundry debts
owing to citizens of Great Britain not recov-
erable in the courts, and therefore indirectly
involved the appropriation of money.
Mr. MAYNARD. The point of my inquiry
was whether the objection growing out of that
treaty and that debate did not go to the general
treaty-making power; whether it was limited, as
some gentlemen wish to limit it now, to those
treaties which provide for the payment of
money?
Mr." FERRISS. If limited to that it is suffi-
ciently pertinent to the present case.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask the gentleman
whether in the case of the Webster-Ashbur-
ton treaty certain territories of his own district,
upon which is Fort Montgomery, were not ceded
by the Government of Great Britain to the
United States, and certain other claims of ter-
ritory belonging to us in the East and West
were not ceded to Great Britain : and whether
that treaty did not become effective without
legislation ?
Mr. FERRISS. I will answerthe gentleman,
that treaty assumed to make certain what before
was uncertain. That treaty assumed the line
agreed upon was the true line between the
Government of the United States and the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain. It was not settled
upon the principle we were ceding territories,
but upon the supposition that we were determ-
ining the true line between the two territories.
It was settled as difficulties between farmers
