1B67.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28S
Tho chairman of the Committee on the Pa-
cific llailro.id i_Mr. t*nicEJ is a gentleman
upon w'.ivm we van all rely in reference to ques-
tions ot this kind. To htm and to that com-
mittee, made up from the ruling majority of
this House, the custody of a bill of this char-
acter belongs ; and to that committee it should
be intrusted. 1 appeal to the House without
any special reference to this particular ques-
tion not to legislate in this way—not to pass
a bill of this importance without its being
printed, without a reference to a committee,
and with no proper comprehension of the
measure on the part of members.
In this private quarrel that exists in the
Union Pacific Railroad Company I mean to
take no part whatever. My interest, my desire
is, that the great Pacific railroad shall be built
as soon as possible; and it is the interest of all
it will have the legal effect set. forth in the
amendment of the Senate. The bill lias been
unanimously reported by the committee of
the Senate, and has been passed in that body
without a dissenting voice. I call the previous
question, ■
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman permit me to ask a question ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman whether there is a quarrel between
two sets of directors, and whether this is not
in the interest of one set of directors ?
Mr. DAWES. I will answer that when I
came in with this resolution yesterday I did
not know that fact. I have had no communi-
cation with any set of directors. I told the
House then firankly all that I knew about this
subject. I never heard of a corporation before
parties who are concerned in that road to build that had not the power inartd of itself to change
it in amity and in harmony without the intro-
duction of any more bills upon this floor.
These are opinions which I submit to the con-
sideration of this House as the result of twenty
years of legislative experience. The hasty pas-
sage ot this bill in this House; the amendment
of the Senate which has been adopted to make
this a legal bill—an amendment which the intro-
ducer of the bill confesses to be necessary for a
full understanding ofthe bill—the hurried pas-
sage of the bill in the Senate—these things
exhibit a hasty method of legislation which
should not be adopted. I submit to the under-
standing of the House that, by all the proper
precedents of legislation, a bill of this kind
ought to go to a committee for deliberate exam-
ination betoreit can be appropriately discussed
and acted on by the House.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] has misunder-
stood me if he supposed that I acknowledged
this amendment to be necessary. On the con-
trary, it seems to me to be the merest sur-
plusage in the world, when we have provided for
a meeting in March to elect directors of this
road, to add to that provision a declaration
that when electors shall have been thus elected
the present directors shall cease to act.
This bill went to the Senate Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and was unanimously
reported back. I do not understand the'chair-
man ofthe House committee on this subject as
expressing the slightest dissent to this propo-
sition. I yesterday stated to the House the
reason why this measure was introduced for
action without formal reference to that com-
mittee, although 1 had taken the pains to sub-
mit it to the committee informally. The sole
object was to enable the stockholders to obtain
this legislation before the recess. This amend-
ment of the Senate being mere surplusage, the
chairman of the Pacific Railroad Committee
not asking the reference of the subject, it seems
to me it would be idle to refer it to that com-
mittee.
I entirely agree with the gentleman from
New York that we should not interfere in any
quarrel in the board of directors of this com-
pany. I am entirely ignorant of the quarrel j
or of the parties to it. I look upon the Pacific !
railroad as one of the greatest enterprises in |
which this Government is engaged, an enter- i
prise in which are wrapped up the greatest in- |
terests of the country ; and I would contribute, 1
so far as may be in my power, to promoting
the speedy completion of that road. I am act-
ing here in no man's and no company's private
interest. As these parties want to change the
titfce of holding their annual meeting, and as I
can see nothing objectionable in the proposi-1
tion, I merely ask this House to provide for
that object in the simplest manner possible. A
reference of this bill to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad when that committee does
not ask it would be simply postponing this
legislation till after the beginning of the new
year. I do not think, Mr. Speaker, that any
one asking the passage of this bill has at heart
any purpose hostile to the interests of this road,
or desires this Congress to take part in any-
body's quarrel. Of course, if the bill passes
the time for holding its annual meeting. It
was proper in the organic act to fix some time.
I have no doubt the stockholders will desig-
nate the proper time.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it settled who are the
stockholders of the Pacific Railroad 1 Is it
known who they are?
Mr. DAWES. I am told since I came here
that there has been a difficulty about the elec-
tion of directors, and .that makes it necessary
to have a provision for calling another meet-
ing in March next, so the stockholders can
meet and settle it. With whom can it be more
safely trusted ? With whom can we trust the
question who shall be the directors better
than the stockholders themselves ? And here
is a promulgation to every stockholder in the
wide country of this meeting for the election
of directors. What can be fairer than that V
I have no interest with one side or another.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman has not
answered my question.
Mr. DAWES. I will if I can.
Mr. BROOKS. Who are the stockholders ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know. I am not
one. I do not own a fourpenny in any rail-
road in the world, and therefore am poor as a
church mouse. I hope my friend is not so
poor.
Mr. BROOKS. I am not as poor as a
church mouse. There are $150,000,000 of
t stock in this road, and only $5,000,000 of
stock have been paid in, andr here is a large
margin for litigation in the courts as to who
are directors. Who are the stockholders?
Mr. DAWES. I will answer, in the words
of the friend before me, that the stockholders
are those who hold the stock. [Laughter.] I
demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Brooks were appointed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that the twenty-
ninth rule be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"29. No member shall vote on any question in the
event of which he is immediately and particularly
interested."
Barclay's Digest adds:
" A« to what tho interest hero alluded to is, the truo
construction doubtless is it shall bo a direct personal
or pecuniary one."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read the
one hundred and thirty-fourth rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
134. No person except members ofthe Senate, their
Secretary, heads of Departments, the President's Pri-
( vate Secretary, foreign ministers, the Governor for
; tho time being of any State, Senators and Repre-
sentatives elect, and judges of the (Supreme Court of
the United States and of the Court of Claims, and
such persons as have byname received the thanks of
Congress, shall be admitted within the Hall of tho
House of Representatives, or any of the rooms on the
same floor or leading into the samo: Provided, Ex-
members of Congress not interested in any claim
pending before Congress, and shall so register them-
selves, may «,lgo be admitted within the Hall ofthe
House; but no person except those herein specified
shall at any time be admitted to the floor of the
House."
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 58.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the amendment of the Senate bo lard on the
table; and on that motion demanded the ye s
and nays.
The yeas ami nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 97, not voting
47; as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs. Arnoll, Delns II. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Beok, Boy«r, Cromwell, liurr, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom. Garfield, Gets, Glossbrenner, Golla-
1 day, Grover. llnnter,Ingersoll, Kctcham, Knott,Laf-
l lin, George Y. Lawrence, Logan, Marshall, Mungen,
Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, Pile, l'ruyn, Randall,
Schenek, Selye, Shanks. Sitgreaves, St.owart, Stokes,
Tuber, Trimble, Van Anken, Elihu B. Washburne,
i William Williams, and Woodward—44.
i NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Archer,
, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum,
Bcaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Buckland,
Butler, Cary, CburcMll, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
] Clarko, Cobnrn, Covode, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Kekley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Fields, Griswolcl, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins,
Hotchkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hnlburd, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Koontz, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Mallory,
Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, McCormick,
, Mcrcur, Moore. Morrcll, Mulling, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pike,
Plants, Polbley, Price, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
i Sawyer, Scofield, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Aaron P. Stevens, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aornam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, James P.Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen P.
Wilson, and Windom—97. '■* 
1 NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Benton, Blair,
; Boutwell, Brooks, Broomall, Cake, Chanler, Cornell,
Ela, Eldridge, Ferry, Finney, Fox?Gravely, Haight,
Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Holman,
Kftum, Shellabarger, Thaddens Stevens, Stone, Taffe,
Twichell, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyek, Wood,
and Woodbridge—47.
So the House refused to lay the amendment
on the table.
. The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate: and being put, the
amendment was concurred in,
i, Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report of comptroller of currency.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on
Printing to report adversely upon the applica-
tion of the Comptroller of the Currency for the
publication of five thousand extra copies of his
report for the use of his department, and ask
that the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof, and that it be laid
on the table.
I desire to state that a request similar to that
which was presented to the House was pre-
sented to the Senate, and the Senate acted
thereon, giving to the Comptroller of the
Currency the same number of copies which
he requested of the House, and therefore it
is unnecessary for the House to take action
upon it.
Now that I am upon the floor I desire to
state for the information of the House that the
compilation of the loan laws, the publication
of which has been authorized, will not be
printed until after we adjourn on the 20th, but
will be printed very soon after our adjourn-
ment, and should members desire to procure
any copies they can be had by sending their
orders to the Superintendent before they leave.
I will state further that there will be about five
copies for each member.
The letter of the Comptroller was laid on
the table.
report of the postmaster general.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise for
the purpose of moving that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, but I will give way that
the House may dispose of a matter on the
Speaker's table, which was postponed until my
colleague [Mr. Earns worth] should be pres-
