2642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2&j
Mr. CAVANAUG-H. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts what this $100,000
is appropriated for, and if it is not for the
removal of the Navajo Indians from one point
in New Mexico and their location upon a new
reservation in New Mexico?
Mr. CLEVER. This appropriation, I under-
stand, is for the support of the Navajo Indians
while they are at Bosque Redondo, not for
removal. A special provision has been made
heretofore appropriating the sum of $150,000
to remove these Indians to the old Navajo
country. That bill has been amended in the
Senate by providing that the Navajo Indians
shall be removed to the country known as the
Indian territory. In case the Indian commis-
sioners now on the Plains shall come to the
conclusion that these Indians are to be removed
from their reservation, then that amount—the
$150,000—will be required for the purpose of
effecting their transportation to the Indian
territory. But this $100,000 in this bill, I
understand, is for the purpose of supporting
these Indians while they remain at Bosque
Redondo. I think the amount should bo much
more than has been reported by the committee;
but, inasmuch as all of the appropriations for
the present are cut down, I have not said any-
thing as to the insufficiency of the amount.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
on the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I renew the amend-
ment. I desire now to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts who has reported this bill, and
I desire to ask the Delegate from New Mexico,
why it is necessary to give 3i25,000 to New
Mexico while the other Territories get a mere
pittance? Will the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts tell me that it requires $100,000 to
support them? I deny it. I have had too
much experience in thes? Indian matters. I
have seen too much of them. It is a job, not
got up by the gentleman fiom Massachusetts,
not got up by the Delegate from New Mexico,
but got up by other parties. I would like to
know how many Indians $150,000 will remove?
I would like to know the distance they have to
bp removed? 1 would like to know to what
part of New Mexico they are to lie removed ;
whether in the vicinity of Santa Fe ; whether
in the vicinity of Taos; whether in the vicinity
of Albuquerque ? I do not desire to oppose this
appropriation only. I simply desire that this
Indian policy should be ventilated from the
beginning to the end, because it is a fraud
upon the Government from its inception to the
present hour. 1 ask the Delegate to what
point in New Mexico the Navajo Indians are
to be removed, and what is the distance from
their present reservation ?
Mr. CLEVER. I understand the intention
to be that the Indians shall be removed from
Bosque Redondo, the present reservation where
they have been placed by order of the War
Department, afterward approved by the Con-
gress of the United States, to what is called
the Indian territory, west of the Arkansas
river, altogether outside of the Territory of
New Mexico.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. What is the distance?
Mr. CLEVER. I suppose it to be between
four and five hundred miles.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Now, I desire to ask
the gentleman what is the number of Indians
to be removed?
Mr. CLE\ Ell. The number of Indians at
Bosque Redondo is from seventy three hun-
dred to eight thousand souls.
Mr. CAVANAUGH, And it requires $150,-
000 to remove seven or eight thousand Indians
four or five hundred miles? I repeat that it
is a job, put up not by the gentleman from
Massachusetts nor by the Delegate from New
Mexico. 1 repeat that this Indian policy from j
the beginning of the Government to the present
hour is wrong. It is a system of robbery upon !
the Government. 1 remember well when :he :
Menomonees and Wiunebagoes were removed.
Three hundred thousand dollais were paid for
the removal of the Wiunebagoes fiom Iowa to
Minnesota. I remember well the treaty of
Prairie du Chien, signed by a distinguished
gentleman now in the Senate, under which
these Indians were removed. Take the In-
dians, as I said this morning, from the civil
service of the Government. Take them out
of politics. Place them-where they legitimately
belong, under the War Department, and you
will have less swindling of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER. I desire simply to state to
the Committee of the Whole what I have
learned in regard to these Navajo Indians.
Our Army caught them and put them upon
the Bosque Redondo reservation, -where they
cannot even dig anything to live upon. They
were kept there by order of the War Depart-
ment, at more or less expense, until Decem-
ber last, when they were turned over to the
Department of the Interior. It has cost the
Department of the Interior $171,000 to keep
these Indians from that time until the 1st of
April. In the course of another investigation
I have had occasion to look at the check that
has been drawn for that amount of money.
The Secretary of the Interior wanted $350,000
to take care of them for a year longer. The
Committee of Appropriations brought in a
bill containing an appropriation of $100,000
for the purpose of removing these Indians
under the charge of the Indian commission.
When that bill got into the Senate they in-
creased the amount, if I remember aright, to
$150,000. When the bill came back here, in
my absence, it was sent to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, where it now remains. In the
mean time there is no money to keep these
Indians.
Mr. WINDOM. Thegentleman is mistaken;
it was another bill which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 believe the gentleman is
right; butthe bill has notyet been passed upon.
There must be some means of feeding these
Indians, wherever they may be. And this
amount is put in this bill for the year ending
June 30, 1869; only about one third of the
amount which was asked for by the department.
Now, I have no objection personally to having
this stricken out. But gentlemen must recol-
lect that these Indians have been taken from
where they were supporting themselves, by
agriculture and manufactures of a simple kind,
and have been put where they cannot earn their
living. Having done that, we must take care
of them.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a question.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well.
Mr. CHANLER. The question I wish to
ask is this: Was it the military power that
removed these Indians from their former place
and put them where they now are?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANLER. Then, all I have to say
is, that that is a fair specimen of what the
Indian administration would be under the War
Department.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANLER. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of saying that I consider the
case of these Indians a practical iliustiation
of this whole matter. These Navajo Indians
were industrious arid noted for their manufac-
tures, warlike in their habits, a terror to their
enemies, and a defense to themselves. They
were the most, industrious Indians on this con-
tinent. The War Department came forward
and took them from their homes and put them
where they had to starve or become the bene-
ficiaries of this Government. Hundreds of
thousands of dollars have been expended by
the Government for the simple purpose of
feeding a people who, when left alone, were
capable of maintaining themselves, clothing
themselves, and carrying on ail the machinery
of their own government.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I would like to ask
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Chaxler]
what kind of manufactures the Navajo Indians
were engaged in other than the making of a
very inferior article of blankets to cover them-
selves with ?
Mr. CHANLER. It is immaterial to me
what manufactures they were engaged in. It
is the fact, at all events, that they were able to
manufacture a cheap blanket, and that proves
that they were capable of manufacturing as
good clothes as those worn by the gentleman
from Montana [Mr. Cavanaugh] with proper
care and instruction.
The difficulty with the Indian tribes is to
find a nation that is industrious. Here was a
nation that was industrious. They were taken
by the military power of this Government and
made beggars upon the face of the earth. W e
are now told that the system which we have
heretofore pursued with regard to this people
should be changed, and that they should be
given over for their care and civilization to
the military arm of this Government. There
has never been a better instance in the whole
history of American legislation than that
brought up in this debate to prove that if we
wish to advance these people in the cause of
civilization we must adapt our treatment of
them to their peculiar capacities. Each tribe
of Indians has within itself a system of gov-
ernment peculiar to itself, and possesses qual-
ifications for civilization peculiar to itself. A
wise, a just, a noble-hearted people, such as
the American nation, should seek rather the
development of what is good in these semi-
barbarians than to crush tliem by military des-
potism, and starve them out by thrusting them
into such a barren and miserable corner of the
earth as the place which has been described so
graphically in previous debates upon this biii.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Did the gentiemau
ever know a tribe of Indians that had any torin
or shape of government?
Mr. CHANLER. Yes, sir. If the gentle-
man wants to ascertain facts in regard to th.s
matter, I refer him to Lieutenant Ives's very
able report of his explorations of the Colo-
rado, by which it appears that there are now
living among the Indians of that region tiibes
which, from their first discovery by the Span-
iards in 1520, have been living m cities, carry-
ing on all the departments of government.
The reports of the first discoverers are identi-
cal with that of Lieutenant Ives.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROSS. I desire to say a word or two
in relation to the Navajo Indians. They were,
as has been properly said by the chairman of
the committee, brought out from their own
country by force of arms by the military of the
United States. In Arizona, where they ori-
ginally lived, they were in a flourishing con-
dition. They were self-supporting; they had
good farming lands and orchards. They were
in a prosperous condition when the Army of
the United States in midwinter transported
them hundreds of miles, subjecting women
and children to tiie severity ot a violent snow
storm, and placed them upon a barren waste
on Pecos river called the Bosque Redondo.
It became my duty a few years ago, m con-
nection with a commission, to visit these In-
diana, and they begged that they might be
permitted to return to theii native land. Ihey
were held upon the reservation by force of
arms, under a military despotism which, m
my judgment, was .intolerable and disgraceful
to civilization,
the chairman of the committee complains
]! ot the amount of the appropriations asked by
I the Interior Department for the support of
I those Indians. I call his attention to the fact,
that f 'or three years, while these Indians were
: under the charge of the military, the expense
'! ot their support upon the reservation on Pecos
river averaged $100,000 a month. Now, sir,
jj in my opinion, great injustice has been done
ij toward these Navajo Indians. In hearing their
il statements of the injustice and despotism to
