1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pome-
roy, Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shanks, Smith, Spalrimg, Starkweather, Thad-
deus Steven?, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell,Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
"Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Welkei\ Thomas Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen
3?. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Bamam,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary. Chnnler, "Eldridge,
Fox, G-etz, (xlossbrenner, Goliaday, Grover, Haight,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Morgon, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson, Pruyn, Randal). Ross, Sit-
greaves, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Trump, and Woodward—41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker,Barnes,Benjamin,
Eckley, Kla, Finney, Hawkins, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Maynard, MeCullough,
Moorhead, Morrissey, Phelps, Pile, Robinson, Selye,
Shcllabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William Williams, and Wood—22.
The seventh article was read, as follows:
Article VII.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, on the 21.^t diiyot February,
in the year of our Lord 18G8, at Washington, in the
District of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with
one Lorenzo Thomas with intent unlawfully to seize,
take, and possess the property of the United States
in the Department of War, m tho custody and charge
of Edwin M. Stanton, Secrctaryof said Department,
with intent to violate and disic?ard the act entitled
"An act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1867, whereby said Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, did then and there
commit a high misdemeanor in ofiico.
Mr. KERR. I ask for a separate vote on
that article, and demand the yeas and navg.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 12G, nays 41, not vot-
ing 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos }l. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blame,
Blair, Bout well, Bronx well, Bioomall, Buck land, But-
ler, Cake, Churchill, ReaderW. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn,Cook,Cornell,Covode, Culloin,Dawes,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Drigg.s Eggleston, Eiiot,
Fai nsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gai field, Gravely,
Uriswold, llalscy. Haulms, Iligbv, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hunter,
Xngersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy,
MeOiur.?, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers. Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham,Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck. Scolield,
Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stokes, Taife, Taylor, Thomas, John Ttim-
ble, Trowbridge, Twichell. Upson,"V an Aornam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu H.Washburne. Wil-
liam B. Wash burn. Wei ker, Thomas Williams, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom and Woodbiidge—12G.
NAY?5—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge,
Fox, (Jetz;, (.ilos^brenncr, Colladay, Grover, Haight,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Keir, Knott, Marshall, McCormick. Morgan, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson. Pruyn, Randall. Ross, Sit-
greaves,.Stewart, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Auken. Van Trump, and Woodward—-41.
NOT VOTINC—Me«-.rs. Baker, Barnes, Benjamin,
Eckley, Ela. Finney, Hawkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
lliehaul 1). Hubbard, Maynard, MeCullough, Moor-
head, Morrissey, Phelps,Pile, Robinson, Selye, Shel-
Inbarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Henry D. Wafchburn,
William Williams, and Wood—22.
So the seventh article was agreed to.
The eighth article was read, as follows:
Article VIII.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, unmindful of the high duties ot his office, and
of his oathol office, with intent unlawfully to control
the disbursements of the monejs appropnated ior
the military service, and for the Dcpaitrnent ot \v ar,
on the 21-t day of Fcbiuary. in tue year ot our Loid
1868 at Washington, in the District oi Columoia. did
unlawfully and contrary to the provisionsof yAn act
regulating the tenure of certain civil oftiees, passed
March 2 1867, and in violation ot the Constitution
of the United States and without the advice and
consent ot the Senate of the United bt utes, and while
the Senate was then and there m session, there being
no vacancy in the office ot Secretary lor the. Depart-
ment of War, with intent to violate and disregard
the act aforesaid, then and there is^ue ami deliver to
one Lorenzo Thomas a letter ot authority in writing,
in substance as follows, that is to say:
Executive MANSION^
Washington', D. C., February 21,13t)3.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretory for the Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and empow-
ered to acL as Secretary of War ad interim, and will
immediately enter upon tho discharge of the duties
pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United Slates Army, Washington, D. 6.
Whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, did then and there commit aud was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
Mr. KERR. I call for a separate vote on
this article, and also ask for the yeas and nays
thereon.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was dccided
in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 41, not voting
22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos 11. Ashley, Jaiues M.Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blame,
Blair, Boutwell,Bromweil,Broomn 11, Buckland, But-
ler, Cake, Churohill, Reader W. Clarke, ^Sidney
Clark
Dawc
Gravely, Griswold, Ilalsey, Harding, iligby. Mill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Ingcrsoil, Jouckes, Judd, Julian, Ivelley,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Ivoontz, Laflin, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln. Losin,
Logan, Loughridge. Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Mooie, Morrell,
Mullins, Miors, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill. Orth,
Paine, Peril am, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Pomeroy, Price, liauni, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scoficld, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, \ an
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B.Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, James F. WiKon, JohnT. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—126.
N"AYS—Messis. Adams. Archci, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanlcr, Eldridge,
Fox. Get/., GlOv^brciiner, Goliaday, Grover, Haight,
Holinnn, Hotchkiss, Humphiey, Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Mai sh all, Mi'Cormick. Morgan, Muugen,
Niblack, Nicholson, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Sit-
grea\ cn Si ewai t, Stone, Taber,Lawi ence S. Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Trump, and Woodward—41.
NOT VOTING—Me>sis. Baker, Barnes. Benjamin,
Eckley, Ela, Fnmey, Hawkins, A&ahci W. Hubbard,
Richard 0. ilubbaid, Maynard, MeCullough, Moor-
head, Monissey, Phelps. Pile, Robinson, Selye, Shol-
labargor, Aaron F. Stevens, lieniy D. Washburn,
William Williams, and Y/ood—22.
So the eighth article was agreed to.
The ninth article was then road, as follows:
Article IX.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, on the 22d day of February, m the year of our
Lord 1808, at Washington, in tho District of Colum-
bia, in disregard of the Constitution and the laws of
the United States duly enacted, as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army ot the United States, did bring
before himself then and there William 11. Emory, a
Major General by brevet in the Army ot the United
States, actually in command of the department ot
Washington and tho military forces thereof, and did
then and there, assuch Commander-in-Chief, declare
to and instruct said Emory that part ot a Jaw ot the
United States,pa.^ed March 2,18(57, entitled 'An act
making appropriations tor the support of the Army
for the year ending June oO, 1868, and tor other pur-
poses," especially the second section thereof, which
piovides, among other things, that "all outers and
instructions relating to military opeiationsissucd by
the President or Secietaiy ol War shall be issued
through the Geneial ot the Aimy, and, m case of his
inability, through the next in rank,"' was unconsti-
tutional, and in contravention of the commission of
said Emory, and which said provision of law had
been theietoforc duly and legally promulgated by
general order for the government and direction of
the Army oi the United Slates, as the said Andrew
Johnson" then and there well knew, with intent
thereby to induce said Emory, in his official capacity
as commander of the department, ot Washington, to
violate the provisions ot said act, and to take and
receive, act upon, and obey sjiich orders as he, the
said Andrew Johnson, might make and give, and
which should not bo l.^ued through 1 he General of
the Army ot the United States accoiding to tho pro-
visions of said act, and with the further intent
thereby to enable him, the said Andrew Johnson, to
preveut, the execution ot an act entitled "An act
i ejjulatinji the tenure of certain civil ofhoes." pas-ed '
.March 2. 1M7, aud to unlawfully prevent Edwin M. j
Stanton, then bring Secretaiy for the Depaitment ]
oi War, from holding said ofnee and uncharging the 1
duties theicof, whereby said Andrew Johnson, Pres-
ident of the United States, did then and there com-
mit and was guilty of a high misdemeanor in oliice.
Mr. GETZ. i ask for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of this article.
The yeas aud navs were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the ailirmative—yeas 107, nays 40,
not voting 42 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Beaman, Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Blair,Boutwell.Bromwell.Broom-
all Bnekland, Butler. Cake,Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
2. 1 , y-i_i   /'rvTT.wl^ U/twes.
Hernss. xeny, j} icius, VJjiiimu, Vi f?- I ,
Harding, Hill, hooper, Hopkins, Chester DJIubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Xngersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Keiloy, Kelv«ey, Ketcham, Koontz, L&fhn, (xeorge V.
•Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Lynch. Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Wer-
enr Miller. Moore, Morrell, Mulhns, Myers, A ew-
comb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth Paine^ Perham Peters.
Pike Polsley. Pomeroy, Price, Kaum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks^ Smitb._ Stark-
Washbu'rn, Welker,''Thomas WilUam.s, JamesI'.
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen 1?. Wilson, and Wm-
dNAYS—Messrs. Adams, Areher, Axtejl, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Gary, Chanler, Liaridge, lox,
Gctz, Glossbrenner, goliaday, Grover, Haight, Hol-
man. Hotchkiss, Richard D. Ilubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marsha!!, McCormick,
Morgan, Munjten, Niblack. Pruyn, Randall, Ko ,
Sitgreaves, Stewart. Stone, Taber Lawrence S. I"ru-
ble, Van Auken, Van Trump, and Woodward—10.
jiOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Bfcld-
win, Banks, Barnes, Benjamin, Blame, Burr, Reader
W.Clarke. Eckley, Ela, Fanisworth,J inn® Gns-
wold,Hawkins,Iligby, Asahel W.Hubbard, Kitchen,
Loughridge. Maynard,MeCullough,Moorhead,Mor-
rissey, Nicholson, Phelps. Pile. Plants, Poland, Rob-
inson, Selye, Sheilabarger, Spalding, Aaron F.
Stevens, Stokes, Burt Van Horn, Van W yck. Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.
Washburn. William Williams, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—42. .
So the ninth article was agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. BROOMALL. My colleague, Mr. Moon-
Iiead, is necessarily absent. If he were here he
would vote " av" on all these articles.
Mr. ECKLEY. I may as well state again
that on this question I am paired with the
gentleman from Maryland, Mr. McCcllocgh.
If he were here he would vote *' no," and I
would vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the remainder of the report, being the lirst and
the last paragraph, will be regarded as agreed
to by the same vote as has already been re-
corded.
There was no objection; and the first anil
the last paragraphs were adopted, as follows:
Articles exhibited by the Jlovse of Representatives of
the United States, in the name of themselves and aU
the people of the United States, against Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States^ in mainte-
nance and support of their impeachment against him
for high crimes and misdemeanors in oiflce.
And tho House of Representatives, hy protesta-
tion, saving to themselves the liberty of exhibiting
at any time hereafter any further article? or other
accusation or impeachment against the said Andrew
Johnson, Presidentof the United States, and also of
replying to his answers which he shall make unto
the articles herein preferred against him, and of
ottering proof to the same and every part thereof,
and to all and every other aiticle. accusation, or im-
peachment which shall be exhibited by them, as the
case shall require, do demand that the said Andrew
Johnson may be put to answer the high enmes and
misdemeanors in ofnee herein chstrgod" against him,
and that such pioceedings, examinations, tnals, and
judgments may bo thereupon had and given as may
be agreeable to law and justice.
The SPEAKER. Under the order adopted
on the '25th of February the House will now
elect by ballot seven managers to conduct the
impeachment before the Senate. Nominations
are now in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now ask the consent
of the _ House to present the communication
sought to offer.
It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. POLAND. I nominate the following
named gentlemen as managers:
TiiADDr.'j.s Stevexs. of Pennsylvania; Bex-
jamix !•'. Butlkh. of Massachusetts: .Iohx
A. BxxGn.vM.ol Ohio; Gr.or.gb S. Boctwell,
of Massachusetts : James F. Wii sox, ot" Iowa;
Thomas \\ ii.i.iams, of Pennsylvania: Johx A.
Loo.vx. of 1 llinois.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Okair. If we elect tlie gentlemen nom-
inated by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] who will be the chairman? That
may bo a mutter of some consequence.
] which I have already
l| The SPEAKER.
