1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3667
it were not for the sea surrounding tlie islands this
couutry, owing to its unfavorable climatic conditions
and the sterility of its ground, would have never been
inhabited at ail; and, therefore, the American Gov-
ernment will have, as the Russian imperial Govern-
ment had, to protect the local natives against arbi-
trary taking of possession and violence, not in the
interior of the islands, but from sea, because unspar-
ing foreigners, prompted by avaricious hope of easy
temporary gain, will, befoie all, endeavor to take
advantage of the local population, which, being
scarce, and rather fond of strong drink, will not long
resist temptation, and shall perish, together with all
those branches of trade for which islanders alone are
fit, and particularly the Aleutes, these ancient, per-
manent, and practiced inhabitants of the ocean."
In another part of the same document is the
following passage relating to the main land and
its inhabitants:
" Such is, in general features, the character of the
Russian-American continent. From all what we
said it clearly appears, that in this region no attempts
wereevcrmade, and no necessity ever occurred, to in-
troduce any system of land-ownership; the country
occupied by savages is too vast; they use to camp in
certain lit places, generally marked by mountains,
rivers, and streams, each, having its name, but no
fixed boundaries whatever, and their migrations are
guided by wiid instinct and unbounded will. All
tins region has neither past nor present, and it may
be confidently said,of the future that it is far and
impenetrable. Every attempt of civilizing that coun-
try will stumble against unconquerable obstacles;
the complete absence of local topography, the wild
character of the savages, and no less wild char-
acter of nature; but, above all, the rigor and incon-
stancy of climate. To achieve any good results
for the future of that country, by means of conquest
and violence, would hardly be possible; to drive the
savages further into the interior of the American
continent, however difficult, would be possible; but
this plan will be connected with irrecoverable money
and material losses; the more so, that a civilized
population will never be attracted to that country;
there can be expected speculators, but no permanent
settlers; there can be expected no civilized popula-
tion, 110 permanent industry, but rather spoliators
of the natives, and depredatory working out of the
riches as well on the surface as in the womb of the
earth. Such ty&tein can devastate, but not organize
the country."
This, sir, is Russian authority, furnished at
a time and under circumstances when it was
to their interest to make favorable representa-
tions of the climate and character of the coun-
try. It is not only reliable, but ought to be
conclusive. We are not, however, left to this
auiliorny alone. Behring, Cook, and Pelouse,
all early navigators, and representing three
different nationalities, use the most dispara-
ging terms in describing the country and cli-
mate. Von Langsdorif, an intelligent Rus-
sian traveler, who visited the country in the
early part of the present century, calls the few
inhabitants who are not Indians, "Siberian crim-
inals, malefactors, and adventurers," and des-
ignates the country as 4 * this miserable part of
the world." The following extracts from
Executive Document No. 177 ought, some of
them, relating to climate and productions, and
others to the character of the inhabitants, are
chiefly from the reports of the officers accom-
panying the expedition sent out by our Govern-
ment in 1867 to explore these Russian posses-
sions:
" We had.no observations for twenty-three days."
" * * * " Notasingle treegrows upon this
[Oonalaska] or the adjacent islands." * * *
* "To remove these people, [Indians,] or to inter-
fere with their dead, would cause an exceedingly
bad feeling, particularly as they are already suspi-
cious of us, and do not like the change of flags."
* * * * "I hope X may be pardoned for
suggesting that the greatest care should be exer-
cised in the selection of officers for this coast with
minute and special instructions for their guidance in
the treatment of Indians in this and the eastern por-
tion of our territory. They are a warlike people,
possessing all the suspicion and treachery of a savage
race, and arc capable of destroying a free and profit-
able trade tor many years on the coast of Sitka and
our eastern possessions to the British line."
**********
" I determined to proceed at once to Chilcote, mouth
of Chilcote river, held by the most powerful tribe,
and perhaps the most warlike and troublesome on
the coast." * * * * * * * *
" These Indians [up Chatham soundj from the ear-
liest navigators have been known as a treacherous
and quarrelsome people." ^ * * , * * *
" Next morning entered Prince Frederick s sound,
and proceeded to the island of Kuke, the residence
of a tribe well known for their ferocity and thieving
propensities. It was this tribe that murdered Mr.
Eby." * * * * * * * * , *
" For many days and nights they watched in vain
for sun, moon, and stars, which led us almost to
believe that neither ever had been, or would be
seen."
" Whisky, for which the natives will sell everything
they possess* even wife and children, must be strictly
prohibited, the possession of which will cause mur-
ders of the whites, and hence an Indian war."
* * * * -- * * ■%'
*'Tho whole coast to Sitka, and far northward,
exhibits one uniform topography and similar cli-
matic conditions, being lamy and foggy, and the
growth is nearly or quite the same throughout.
"Unfortunately, this vast region of islands and
continental coast is not bordered at the bases of these
lofty-timbered ranges with sloping or level bot-
toms; but is gashed with precipitous and inaccessible
gorges, the peaks for the most part being capped with
snow, which, melting in summer, together with the
continual rains, make every rockless footstep a sphag-
nous miry morass. Altitude passes for naught here;
even the mountains are miry to their tops."
44 No reliance can be placed on any of them [grasses]
for hay, and winter feeding as in such a climate no
haying is possible." * * * * * *
"All that is worthy of the name of timber here
[Kodiak] is the Sitka spruce" * * * *
"There are no trees of any sizo whatever upon any
of the Aleutian Islands.M *■■*•***
The enormousamountof rainfallalongasea-board
essentially cloudy throughout the year has its
normal effect upon the class of vegetation that will
succeed inripemng undersuchconditions of climate.
The whole extent of country subject to these rains
is covered with sphagnum from one to two feet in
depth, and even on the steepest hillsides this carpet
is saturated with water, and renders progress through
it very slow and difficult, especially when there is a
heavy growth of wood and underbrush. At Fort
Simpson, theStakeen, Chilkahl, Kodiak, Oonalaska,
and the islands westward, this morass exists to the
summits or snow line of the mountains. In no part
of the country, except on two or three mountain
sides on Chatham strait, between the eastern entrance
of Peril strait and the mouth of the Chilkahl, have
we seen herbage or trees destroyed by fire, as is so
universally resorted to in Washington and Oregon,
both by the natives and by the settleis. At oui dif-
ferent stations we attempted to obtain the tempera-
ture of the earth three feet below the surface, but
never penetrated a loot before the hole was filled
with water.
"Tebenkoff (18-1S) give5? a dark picture of the ap-
pearance and climate of Prince William's sound,
calling it desolate, gloomy, auddesci ted; surrouuded
by rocks and pine forests, mountains covered with
eternal snow, and enveloped in perpetual fog, or
invisible with drizzling rain. Rain falls sometimes
for a whole month, and theie are not more than sixty
or ninety sunny days in the year. Duringthcmonths
of July and August the thermometer showed 59° on
fair days and 40° on rainy days. The frost in winter
is very severe but of short duration, for the south
winds change it suddenly to thaw and rain.
"At Sit&a, fruit trees were introduced in the Gov-
ernor's garden, and special attention devoted to their
culture, but they have not borne fruit except a few
small specimens that never matured.
"None of the cereals are cultivated, and it is very
doubtful if they would succeed.
" The great desideratum of the Pacific coast is coal,
and we had been led to suppose that some of the
reported deposits in Alaska were really coal; but the
specimens from the Island of Unga, given tome by
the Governor of the Russian colonics, are nothing
more than lignite, thickly marked with iron pyrites.
Moreover, at the worked out-crop in Coal llarbor it
exists in veins of rarely more than a foot in thick-
ness. This coal has been faithfully tried on the Rus-
sian steamers, and, after very many experiments, has
been abandoned, and recourse had to the Nanaiino
coals from Vancouver's Island. The navigators and
engineers of the Russian steamers inform me that it
is very light, burns with great rapidity, and leaves
very much ash and clinker. The samo general re-
marks apply to the ceal obtained from English har-
bor, at the entrance to Cook's inlet, and first found
and reported by Portlock.
"Two or three years since some of the sub-tribes,
twenty or thirty miles west of the Stakeen, cap-
tured the English trading sehuoner Royal Charlie,
murdered her crew, and plundered and scuttled the
vessel."
The foregoing extracts furnish some idea of
the character of the country and the people
we are to acquire by this Russian treaty. It
is alleged that the precious metals and cop-
per have been discovered; but there is no
reliable authority that either can be found in
sufficient quantity to be of any value as a pro-
duction of the country. The furs of this region
are reported as of great value, and the fur trade
profitable. Statistics show that the whole value
of the entire annual catch of furs does not now
amount to two per cent, of the purchase price
we pay for the country, counting the cost of
capture nothing, and the extermination of the
fur-bearing animals has only been prevented
by the most stringent laws which a despotic
Power only could enforce. In our hands the
fur-bearing animals will quickly vanish. That
extensive fishing banks exist in these northern
seas is quite certain ; but what exclusive title
do we get to them? They are said to be far
out at sea, and no where within three marine
leagues of the islands or main shore. The
products of the country are sometimes spoken
of as "fine," li large," "excellent," &c., but
as these are comparative terms little idea can
be formed of the quality or size of the thing
spoken of, and frequently when size or quality
is given the product proves insignificant. For
instance, potatoes are cultivated by the Aleu-
tians at Oonalaska, after removing the sphag-
num from the soil; and .Bishop VeniamisnofF
says that "the potato yields from four to
seven fold and attains 'great size,' from three
to ten making a pound weight." Think of it,
ye farmers of New England and the Middle
States, but ten potatoes to weigh a pound I
Surely, Alaska is not the country of which it
is said "potatoes they grow small over there."
In latitude 55° south of Sitka, "ground ice"
as it is called, is found at any time of the year
six or eight feet below the surface. It is evi-
dent, therefore, that successful agriculture can
never be carried on in this region. That it will
never be populated by an enterprising people
is equally certain. Government, for special
purposes, might force into existence a few sickly
settlements, but they would no more compare
with the flourishing towns that are springing
into existence all over the rich prairies of the
West than the sickly shrubs of the Conserva- *
tory in front of this Capitol can compare with
the luxuriant growth of the tropics. We have
already a territory sufficiently extensive to
sustain a population of hundreds of millions.
Texas, no more densely populated than Mas-
sachusetts is to-day, would contain all the
inhabitants of the United States. The Terri-
tories of Colorado, Dakota, Nebraska, New
Mexico, Washington, and Utah would sustain
one hundred and sixty millions of people, with
no more to the square mile than Massachusetts
now averages.
Why, then, was this territory purchased?
Commercially and geographically it bears the
same relation to the western shores of North
America that Greenland does to the eastern.
It can be of no more service, nor can it be of
any more importance in the navigation of the
Pacilic than Greenland has been in the navi-
gation of the Atlantic. Nobody asked for it,
and nobody wanted it. With all due respect
to the committee who report this bill, the mys-
tery attending this cession has not been dis-
pelled, nor have the motives of the parties
presenting it to the Government been satisfac-
torily explained. The New York Herald says
this territory is the spontaneous offer of the
emperor, and entirely unexpected and unsolici-
ted on the part of the United States, and that
it is the second time it has been tendered to
us. This is quite probable. Russia has had
it long enough to know its utter worfchlessness.
The correspondence furnished us throws no
light whatever upon the subject, and gives no
clue to the reasons which prompted the nego-
tiations. It consists of three very brief notes
and one telegram of nine words. The sub-
stance of this correspondence may be summed
up thus:
Mr. Seward says, I will give you so much.
Stoeckl says, done! Stoeckl says, emperor
says done 1 Gortschakoff telegraphs, "Treaty
ratified." The Roman general wrote, veni,
vidi, vici; but it is doubtful whether this nego-
tiation, for brevity, has ever been equaled in
diplomatic or political correspondence, with
one exception, which is found in a pertinent
use of the sententious word "stick." That
there was other correspondence is more than
probable—correspondence which must be with-
held for reasons of public policy. It is not
easy, then, to divine the motives which prompted
the purchase of Alaska, a barren, unproductive
region, covered with ice and snow, or shrouded
in perpetual fogs and storms, embracing an
area, nearly one third of which is within the
Arctic circle, of three hundred and ninety-four
thousand square miles, with a coast line, m*
eluding bays and islands, of more than eleven
thousand miles ; with a population estimated
at seventy-five thousand, about ten thousand
of whom are Siberian malefactors, half-breeds,
Kodiaks, Aleoots, and a very few Russians,
