1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1610
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question. It is a matter that does not
afl'ect the House of Bepresentatives. The
managers are to present themselves at the bar
of the Senate. They can settle that matter
among themselves.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to address a parlia-
mentary inquiry to the Chair. Suppose mem-
bers should designate on their ballots their
choice for chairman, would the gentleman hav-
ing the greatest number of votes as such be
the chairman?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not de-
clare any such result, because it is not in ac-
cordance with the usage for the House to select
a chairman. In the case of the impeachment
of Judge Chase, in which Mr. John Randolph
was the leading manager, the House did not
select him as such ; he was simply selected by
the managers themselves, they deeming it
proper to have him act as their spokesman.
The Chair will appoint as tellers, to con-
duet the election, Messrs. Poland, Spalding,
Jenckes, and Marshall.
Mr. PETERS. Is it going to follow that
the gentleman first named in the list is to be
chairman?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has distinctly
stated the contrary, although a parliamentary
question is not in order under the order of the
House. The managers will determine any
question which may arise as to priority.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask to be excused
from acting as one of the tellers.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is excused,
and the Chair appoints Mr. Randall.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not wish to partici-
pate in this thing at all, and I also ask to be
excused from acting as one of the tellers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the minority do not wish to be represented
among the tellers, and he therefore appoints
Mr. Blair.
Mr. NIBLACK. It is awholly unnecessary
proceeding, as we on this side do not expect
to vote for anybody.
Mr. PETERS. The Chair will excuse me,
but I desire information in behalf of friends as
well as myself. The order in which the names
are written does not prejudice against priority
on the committee.
The SPEAKER. It does not, and the Chair
has so stated twice.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the articles of impeachment
were adopted, and now only ask that the
motion shall be entered.
Mr. KERR. I move that I be excused from
voting.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that all gentlemen
who do not desire to vote shall be excused from
so doing.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
Mr. BURR. I ask to be excused from voting.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only en-
tertain motions to be excused from voting by
unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. The members on this
side do not wish to vote, as they are in favor
of no part of this proceeding, and 1 know of
no way by which they can be forced to vote.
Therefore there is no necessity for excusing
them.
The box was then placed upon the desk of
the Globe reporters; and under the inspection
of the tellers, each member as his name was
called, came up and deposited his ballot.
During the vote,
The SPEAKER stated that the seventh rule
was mandatory, requiring the Speaker to cast
hi s ballot, and he therefore would place his
ballot in the box.
Mr. FIELDS, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for two days.
Mr. FOX, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for one week.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution, to
go to the Committee on Printing:
Mesolved, That one thousand copies of tho articles
of impeachment against Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, adopted by the House, bo printed
for the use of the House.
Mr. VAN WYCK objected, but afterward
withdrew his objection.
So the resolution was received and referred
under the law to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. POLAND reported the following as the
result of the ballot:
Whole number of votes, 118; necessary to a
choice, 60 ; of which
John A. Bingham received 114
Georgo S. Boutwell 113
James F. Wilson 112
Benjamin F. Butler 108
Thomas Williams 107
John A. Logun 106
Xhaddeus Stevens 105
Thomas A. Jenckes  22
G. flr. Scofield  3
Luko P. Poland  3
(i-. S. Orth  2
John A. Peteis  1
Austin Blair  1
J. O. Churchill  1
J. 1<\ Benjamin  1
0. Upson  1
The SPEAKER. The following gentlemen
having received a majority of the votes cast by
ballot for the election of managers to conduct
the impeachment of the President of the Uni-
ted States, namely: John A. Bingham, George
S. Boutwell, Jajies F. Wilson, Benjamin
F. Bdtleb, Thomas Williams, Thaddecs
Stevens, and John A. Logan, I declare them
elected as such.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I beg leave to present
the following resolution, and on it I demand
the previous question.
lleiol-oed, That a message be sent to the Senate to
infoi m them that this House have appointed man-
agers to conduct the impeachment against the Presi-
dent of the United Slates, and have directed the
said managers to carry to the Senate the articles
agreed upon by this House, to bo exhibited in main-
tenance of their impeachment against said Andrew
Johnson, and that the Clerk of the House do go with
said message.
The previous question "was seconded and the
main question ordered 5 and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I further offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and on it demand the pre-
vious question :
Resolved, That the articles agreed to by thisllousc,
to be exhibited in the name of themselves and of
all the people of the United States, against Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, in mainte-
nance of their impeachment against him of high
crimes and misdemeanors in office, ho carried to tn«
Senate by the managers appointed to conduct said
impeachment.
Mr. ROSS. Would it be in order to strike
out ail the people of the United States?
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
votes by which the resolutions were adopted j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
postponed indefinitely a joint resolution (EL 11.
No. 42) authorizing the employment of Brevet
Brigadier General Seth Eastman for special
service.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 368) authorizing the sale of an unoccu-
pied military site at Waterford, Pennsylvania.
leave oy absence.
Mr. PRUYN asked and obtained leave of
absence for fifteen days.
Mr. NUNN asked and obtained leave of
absence for the same period on account of sick
ness in his family.
■enrolled bills signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled bills of the following titles;-when the
Speaker signed the sam©: .
An act (8. No. 25) for the relief of John H.
Ellis, a paymaster in the United States Army;
and ■,
t An act (H. E. No. 599) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869.
SUSPENSION OF THE RULES TO-MORROW.
Mr. SCHENCK. As gentlemen have been
disappointed of an opportunity to move to sus-
pend the rules to-day, in consequence of the
special order intervening, I ask unanimous
consent that to-morrow may, for that purpose,
be considered as Monday.
Mr. ADAMS and others objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this vote makes the order.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays S2, not voting
GO 5 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, ArnelLDolosR. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, B.ea-
man, Beatty, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
Broomall, Jiuckland, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Header
W.Clarko, Cobb, Coburn,Cook,Cullom,DixonJE>odge,
Donnelly, Driggs, EcOdey. Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields. Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey,
Harding, llill. Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hub-
bard,Hunter, lngerfcoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, lvetcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mallory, Marvin, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pernam, Peters, Pike, Poland,
Polsley, Pomcroy, Price, Raum, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Starkweather. Thad-
deus Stevens, Tatte, Taylor, Thomas, Twichell, Up-
son, Van Aernain, llobert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
William B. Washburn, Welker, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Adains, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Buyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Eldndge, Fox.
(ictz, Giossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, IIol-
man, llotchkiss. Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Kerr, Munsren, Niblack, Nicholson, Randall, Ross,
Sitgreaves, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aukeu,
Van Trump, and Woodward—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Barnes
Benjamin,Benton,Broniwell.Chanler, Sidney Clarke,
Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Eggleston, Eia, Finney,
Hawkins, Iligbyv Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Johnson, Jones, Knott, George V. Lawrence,Logan,
Marshall. Maynaid,McCarthy,McClurg,McCoirnick,
McCullough, Mereur, Moorhead, Morgan, Morris-
sey, Mullins, Newcomb, Nunn, Phelps. Pile, Plants,
Pruyn, Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith, Spald-
ing, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Sf one, John
Trimble, Trowbridge. Burt Van Horn. Ward. Cad-
waladcr C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
Windom, and Wood,—60.
protest of members.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of considering the fol-
lowing communication, which I send to the
Clerk's desk, and of placing it on the Journal
of the House.
Mr. BOYER. I ask that it be read.
Mr. KELLEY. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be printed in the
Globe.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
by decisions made heretofore a paper cannot
be placed on the Journal by indirection, ^nly
by order of the House.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will not the gentleman
from Wisconsin consent that this matter go
over till to-morrow?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts ought not to object to this. We
certainly have taken up none of the tune of the
House unnecessarily. The reading of this com-
munication or protest will not take more than
five or ten minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Yery well, then, I am
willing that it should be read.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the
reading by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. kelley.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist upon its being
read as part of my motion to suspend the rules.
