1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
iu the chair,) and proceeded to the considera-
tion ot' the
president's annual message.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Chairman, I-shall avail
myself of the latitude of debate tiWfch is per- '
nutted in the Committee of the Whole upon
the President's message to review the chsrac- !
ter of that remarkable contest between the
Executive and Congress which during two
years has divided the country and arrested
the attention of the civilized world. '
The long-threatened impeachment has come !
to «rief. Slain in the house of its friends, it \
were well to leave it to the undisputed charge j
of its fifty-seven mourners, if they could only i
be persuaded to give it a quiet funeral and
silently bury it out of sight.
I shall not attempt upon this occasion to re-
argue the case which has been already decided;
for in so doing I should but weary the House
without adding to the weight of propositions
already demonstrated nor to the triumph of a
defense already complete.
For my own part 1 should prefer to leave the
wholequestion precisely where ithasbeen placed
by the minority of the Judiciary Committee,
and dismiss it as involving nothing but issues
purely political in their character, and as such
to be tried at the -ejections, not in the high
court of .impeaehrrifetit. Viewed in that light
the whole impeachment project resolves itself
into a conspiracy to cheat the ballot-box under
the pretended forms of law.
Bat there seems to be a prevailing disposition
still to agitate the subject in the debates of the
House, which would be of less practical im-
portance to the country were it not that the
House is not foreclosed by its former judgment
in the case, but may at any time renew the
proceeding upon the motion of any member
who may rise to a privileged question, and
either prefer new charges or revive the old
ones. This consideration induces me in pass-
ing briefly to notice the legal position assumed
last week upon this floor by my learned and
honored colleague, [Mr. Woodward,] from
whom I venture to differ with great reluctance,
entertaining, as I do, for his opinions as a jurist
the very highest regard. Still I never differed
from any one with a more decided conviction
of being in the right than when I controvert
the legal proposition laid down by my colleague
that a President of the United States may be
constitutionally impeached and removed from
office for an offense not known either to the
statute or common law. If this be so, then a
political party may by its Representatives and
Senators in Congress lawfully impeach and
remove the Pfe,sklent from offic-e for an offense
merely political, and which involves no moral
turpitude whatever. If such a doctrine as that
is to prevail the independence of both the
Executive and the judiciary is gone, and Con-
gress may reign supreme. The judiciary having
no means of defense aganist legislative usurpa-
tion except in the protection of the Executive
would inevitably fall with him.
In support of the proposition which leads to
these startling results my colleague has cited
no other authority than a loose and somewhat
confused paragraph from Curtis on the Consti-
tution, which enumerates even "imbecility"
among impeachable offenses. But the words
of the Constitution, it seems to me, are them-
selves plainer than any commentary which can
be written upon them. "Treason, bribery, or
other higli crimes and misdemeanors" are the
only words there used to define impeachable of-
fenses. Concerning "treason" and "bribery"
there is no dispute, and the whole controversy
narrows down to the definition of the words
"high crimes and misdemeanors."
Now the words "crimes" and "misde-
meanors" are terms of art, and in the lan-
guage of the law neither of these words are
applied to any other than indictable offenses.
"Misdemeanor" is generally used in contra-
distinction to "felony," and no act is in law
either a crime or a misaemeanor which is not
the subject of indictment either by the statute
or the common law. There is no citation
needed to support so elemeutary a principle,
and which may be found in any text-book upon
English or American criminal law. The Con-
stitutiftn being a legal instrument, or more
properly speaking a law of the very highest ;
nature, its words are not to be distorted from [
the meaning which the general language of the j
law assigns them.
The argument from reasonable intent is quite
as conclusive. The framers of the Constitution
gave us a Government of mutual checks and
balances; and it would not have been con-
sistent with their design to vest an undefined
power in one of the coordinate branches of the
Government which would enable it at will to
usurp and absorb the others.
My colleague thinks that Congress might be
trusted. I know not what his observations
may have been which have inspired him with
this unexpected confidence; but if he had sat
with us in the Thirty-Ninth Congress and wit-
nessed the expulsion of a Representative from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] at this end of the
Capitol, and a Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Stockton] from the other end, for no other
reason which impartial men could understand
than that their seats were wanted for the ene-
mies of the President, he would perhaps enter-
tain less exalted ideas of the judicial impar-
tiality of such tribunals.
The impeachment which came to so igno-
minious an end a few days ago did not perish
by the hand of impartial justice. It was killed
at the last fall elections. If the elections had
gone the other way the result would no doubt
have been heralded here as the popular war-
rant for immediate impeachment. Was not
the issue so presented to the people and im-
peachment demanded as a congressional doty
and national necessity? Not only were pro-
phetic announcements of the impending im-
peachment and removal of the President from
office made by those highest in authority and
deepest in the secrets of the ruling majority
here, but the imaginations of their followers
were entertained with even the more startling
apparitions of the scaffold and the rope.
By the failure of the impeachment Congress
has impeached itself. Each of the contending
parties has charged the other with usurpation
and criminal violation of the Constitution. If
the President was guilty of these offenses he
ought to have been impeached and removed
from office. If he was not guilty Congress has
had neither justification nor excuse for its
repeated trespasses upon the prerogatives which
pertain to the executive office and the public
insults which it has heaped upon the head of
its incumbent. Ifimpeachment was voted down
because in the estimation of Congress the Presi-
dent was innocent of any impeachable offense
it was well done. If it was not done in the
spirit of justice to the accused, but for the sake
of the country, for the sake of peace, and for
the sake of the honor and dignity of the Con-
gress of the United States, it was still not ill
done. But if the nolle prosequi was extorted
from the fears of the impeaching party, excited
by the warning voices of the late elections, and
from no -higher motive than to escape the costs
of a hopeless prosecution, then gratitude con-
stitutes no part of the debt which in this behalf
either the President or the people owe to Con-
gress.
The country may nevertheless be congratu-
lated upon the complete vindication of its
Chief Magistrate from the accusations of his
enemies by the verdict of their own tribunal.
What public man exercising the office of
President of the United States at so critical a
period could have undergone a scrutiny like
that to which Andrew Johnson has been sub-
jected and emerged from the ordeal more
scatheless than he 'I During more than eight
months a secret inquisition assiduously labored
to convict him of something, no matter what,
so it would injure him in the estimation of
mankind. His persecutors were able men,
armed with the power of the nation, and sus-
pected by no man of any disposition to spare
the accused. The secret history of his public
acts was explored, his most private relations
invaded, his personal correspondence ran-
sacked, the revelation of his most confidential
conversations in his most unguarded moments
required of lug friends, his domestic life invest-
igated, his pecuniary transactions overhauled,
and even his private bank accounts examined.
To get evidence against him the felon's cell
was visited by honorable members of Congress,
and testimony solicited at the hands of con-
victed perjurers. Spies and detectives were
employed, traps set, money expended—but all
in vain. Andrew Johnson as man and Presi-
dent stands higher this day in the estimation
of his countrymen than when this investigation
began. I would rather take his chance for
honorable and enduring fame hereafter than
that of the proudest and loftiest among all his
enemies, persecutors, and slanderers.
He was not the President of my choice. I ■
did not vote for him. But I recognize in him
a fearless defender of the Constitution, and
as such I honor and defend him. As such,
too, he will be remembered and honored by
his countrymen when the political strife of
these days shall be over, and when his admin-
istration of public affairs shall have passed
into history.
Executive usurpation was looked upon by
Congress with other eyes when the incumbent
of the White House was in accord with the
Republican party. For Lincoln we had a bill
of indemnity—for him and his subordinates—
covering all public and private wrongs by them
committed. But for the conservative Johnson
we have had instead an inquisition armed with
congressional drag-nets constructed so as to
catch the smallest minnows of official delin-
quency, and congressional microscopes to de-
tect even the animalculte of evil which might
be suspected to lurk in the atmosphere of the
presidential mansion. What if the Judiciary
Committee with its thumb-screws and quizzing
glasses had invaded the White House in the
winter of 1864 instead of the winter of 18G7I
What revelations might then havestartled the
nation from its propriety! If the committee
had been as intent then as of late in the
pursuit of microscopic objects it might have
made points out of point lace, and might even
have beheld the avenues to official appoint-
ment illuminated by the glitter of gems and
vocal with the rustle of silks!
But I forbear to pursue this subject. I turn
from the impeachment of the President to the
impeachment of his impeachers, now pending
before the grand tribunal of the people.
Congress itself stands impeached for a series
of hign political crimes and misdemeanors,
among which are the following:
1. In the name of union it perpetuates dis-
union.
2. In a condition of profound peace it has
applied the iron rule, and maintained the costly
establishments of war.
3. In the name of republican government
it has subverted the peaceful and lawful gov-
ernments of the people in ten States, and in
their stead it has established five military dic-
tatorships, enforced by five standing armies.
4. It has degraded the white race and be-
trayed the principles of republican government
by subjecting ten millions of white Americans
to the dominion of four millions of negroes.
5. It has taken away the elective franchise
from at least a quarter of a million of white
voters.
6. It has, by its proscriptive, sectional,
coercive, and partisan policy, prevented the
restoration of fraternal feeling throughout the
nation, and has destroyed constitutional gov-
ernment, impeded industry and enterprise,
imperiled capital, and prevented the restora-
tion of public confidence throughout the south-
ern States.
7. By hindering the return of material pros-
perity to the desolated and submissive South
Congress has at a period of unexampled taxa-
