1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
264S
■which they had been subjected, my sympathies
were greatly excited in their behalf. Their
fields of corn were destroyed by the military;
their towns were burned; their women and
children were pursued and hunted down by
the military like wild wolves upon the prairie.
These Indians were taken from their homes
and placed upon a barren waste where no one
could subsist unless fed by the Government.
Now, in my judgment, the better policy
would be to permit these Navajo Indians to
return as they desire to their native land, where
they were self-supporting, and whence for
some reason which I do not understand they
were forcibly taken, to be placed upon this
miserable reservation where they can neither
fish nor hunt nor raise provisions, and where
their support has cost the Government §100,000
a month unnecessarily.
Mr. MILLER. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. liOSS. Very well.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois what the Indians had been doing that
the whites committed depredations upon their
properly and carried off their wives?
Mr. ROSS. I will tell the gentleman. New
Mexicans had run down to Arizona and stole
their children and then sold them into slavery.
In retaliation these Indians went to New Mex-
ico and stole horses and cattle.
Mr. MILLER. And murdered the whites?
Mr. ROSS. And I suppose they did mur-
der. The iacts show that there were hundreds
of Navajo Indian women and children stolen
by New Mexicans and sold into slavery, and
that they are held to this day by New Mexican
officials as slaves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. KOSS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. I renew it for the purpose
of making a reply to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Buti.ek,] who yesterday so elo-
quently told us of the very great saving the
Government would make by turning over the
care of the Indians to the military authorities.
In this case, Mr. Chairman, we have an illus
tration of how lit.tle ground there is for this
theory of his, and I wish to present it to the
House. These Navajo Indians were taken
possession of by the military and turned over
to the military authorities absolutely. Now,
during the time they were under their care
they cost the Government over one million
two hundred thousand dollars. The proofs I
have heretofore presented to the House, and
can do so again if it be desired. They were
left upon the same reservation, but Congress at
the last Congress turned them over to the civil
authorities and $100,000 was appropriated.
They cost $200,000 under military authority
and $100,000 under civil authoiity. This will
show the extraordinary cheapness with which
the military can take care of the Indians as
compared with the civil authorities.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WARD. I move to amend by inserting
$50,000. I see, by looking over this paragraph,
that it is proposed to appropriate $100,000 for
the purpose of starting these Indians in farm-
ing, puichasing seeds, sheep, agricultural im-
plements, &c. I think, in the present condition
of our finances, that $50,000 is sufficient to
give one tribe of Indians for the purpose of
starting it in the agricultural business.
Mr. CLEVER. Mr. Chairman, the idea of
noble qualities belonging to the Indians known
as the Navajo Indians exists only in the imagin-
ation of those who know nothing about those
Indians. If you went to New Mexico, as you
passed over the highways, you would find oil
every side crosses set up, where for the last
'one hundred and fifty years the people of New
I Mexico have been ruthlessly murdered by the
Navajo Indians. Even since New Mexico has
belonged to the United States our troops have
been at war with the Navajo Indians; and yet
parties who have never lived in that Territory
and know nothing about that Territory say
they are a self-sustaining people. Go to the
Indian Bureau, and there you will find claims
of citizens of New Mexico amounting to
$13,000,000 for property stolen by the Navajo
Indians. That is the way the Navajo Indians
are self-sustaining! Is that the way you desire
your Indians shall be fed? If you want us to
feed the Indians tell us so and we can do it.
Let me tell the gentlemen who have always
something to say in favor of the Indians that
they had better take care of their security
when they travel west of the Missouri river.
The question will be nearly reversed ; it will
no longer be shall the white man be protected,
but it will hereafter be will the Government
of the United States protect these Indians, or
shall they be annihilated? Thank God we are
getting strong enough in the West to soon pro-
tect ourselves. If the Government of the Uni-
ted States does not desire to carry out the ideas
of humanity and civilization and do for these
Indians what civilization dictates, if the Gov-
ernment of the United States will not take care
of these Indians, keep them, and show them
how to make their living by the sweat of their
brow, then we shall be compelled to protect
ourselves, and that self-protection may result
rather disadvantageously to the Indians.
I say that there are on the American con-
tinent no more ferocious Indians than the
Navajos. Look at our military forces in New
Mexico, and ever since that Territory belonged
to the United States, what do you find? You
find that a continued war in the Territory of
New Mexico was waged against the Navajo
Indians; and yet they were peaceable tribes, a
self-sustaining people! So they say in the
East, where they have never seen an Indian,
except when brought here by an Indian agent
and fed in a hotel, who shakes hands with
everybody and says "How-de-do," those be-
ing all the words he has learned of the English
language. " Oh ! what a beautiful fellow that
Indian is!" [Laughter.J Because he is here
in Washington he behaves himself; here he
cannot take a scalp from a poor white man.
I think the cry ought to be reversed. I believe
Congress should do everything to protect the
Indians, place them on the reservations and
feed them.
Mr. ROSS. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the ladies in Santa I*'e wore portions
of Indian scalps as ornaments on their per-
sons at the theater after the Chivington raid.
Mr. CLEVER. I do not know with whom
the gentleman from Illinois, when he visited the
Territory of New Mexico, associated while he
was there. [Laughter.] I can assure him I
never did see a lady who was decorated in any
way by anything that manifested that she had
a great liking for an Indian. [Laughter.]
But,, Mr. Chairman, as regards this question
of Indian slavery, I do not believe there is any
one on this floor who deprecates more than I
do the custom which heretofore has existed all
over the country where the Spaniards have
dominion to take Indians and make them slaves;
and I believe every American who has gone to
the Territory of New Mexico has exerted him-
self to the utmost to do away with that kind of
practice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to strike out "$100,000"
and insert " $50,000" was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment to
strike out the paragraph.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, there are
some other matters necessary to be attended
to, as I am informed. I therefore now move
that, tlie committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaixe re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being House bill
No. 1073, making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th Juno, 1809, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
leave op absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. 1 aeer on account of sickness iu his family,
and to Mr. Eliot.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hami.ix,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate bad passed the bill of the House No.
781, to amend the act entitled " An act author-
izing the construction of a new jail in and for
the District of Columbia," approved July 25,
I860, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
A subsequent message from the Senate,
by Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, announced
that the Senate insisted upon its amendments
to the bill (II. R. No. 658) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1869, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, had agreed to the
conference asked for by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed as conferees on the part of the
Senate Messrs. Morrill of Maine, Howe, and
Wilsox.
ocard-room at the capitol.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
select committee charged with the investiga-
tion of alleged corruption in the matter of the
impeachment of the President to report the
following resolution and put it on its passage :
Resolved, That rooms No. A and B, opposite the
room of the solicitor of the Court of Claims in tho
Capitol, be. and nre hereby, assigned as guard-room
and office of the Capitol police, and are for tha.t pur-
pose placed under the charge of the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Bouse, with power to fit the same up for the
purpose specified.
I desire to say that there are no rooms at pres-
ent assigned by order of the House in which
to detain persons ordered into the custody of
the Sergeant,-at-Arms. There is such an order
now in process of execution. The person
Woolley is at present detained in the room of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the
resolution was that he be detained in custody
in the Capitol. The committee are satisfied
that a room ought to be assigned to the use of
the Sergeant-at-Arms, so that this witness may
bo detained beyond the power or possibility
by trick or circumvention on the part of any
person to defeat the administration of justice.
The reasons which have moved the commit-
tee to take this final step will more fully ap-
pear in another resolution which I shall offer
after the House shall have disposed of'this, in
which the House and the country will be in-
formed by the sworn testimony of this witness
himself and by sworn testimony of one of his
confederates that he has trifled with justice
in the present House of Representatives and
in defiance of the settled law of this country;
and having thrown down the gauntlet, I for
one want to test the power of the people
through their Representatives to determine
whether a recusant witness of this character
shall defy the whole people and the law as
it has been solemnly ruled and settled un-
challenged in this countiy for foity years. I
call the previous question.
Mr. BLiOOKS. I hope the gentleman will
not press the previous question on that reso-
lution.
Mr. BINGIIAM. Yes, sir ; I call the pre-
vious question on that resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker  
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. BROOKS. I know it is not.
Mr. ELDl'IDGE. Why does the gentleman
from Ohio insist on cutting off debate if the
resolution is a proper one?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Tho question was put upon seconding the
previous question ; and there were—ayes 82,
noes 22.
Mr, BROOKS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Brooks
and Bingham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 20.
So the previous question was seconded.
