1620
THE CONGBESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin cannot insist upon that as a part of his
motion.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
as the House has ordered by a two-thirds vote
that to-morrow shall, for the purpose of moving
to suspend the rules, be regarded the same as
Monday, this motion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin win be the first business in order
after the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope no gentleman
will object to the reading of the paper.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to adjourn.
% Mr. BURR. I rise to a point of order. Is
it in order for a member to take the gentleman
from Wisconsin from the floor by a motion to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules takes the gentleman from the floor
because it is undebatable, and then, under the
rule adopted by the House on the 25th of Feb-
ruary, it is provided that pending a motion
to suspend the rules the Speaker may entertain
one motion, namely, that the House adjourn,
and that after the result has been announced
he 'shall not entertain any other dilatory mo-
tion until the vote has been taken on suspen-
sion. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burr]
availed himself of this right the other day by
moving an adjournment after the motion to
suspend the rules was pending, and that is pre-
cisely what the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Koontz] now does.
Mr. BURR. I thought that rule was ex-
hausted.
The SPEAKER. It is a permanent rule of
the House.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at six o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By the SPEAKER: The petitions of the
boards of trade of Chicago, Buffalo, and De-
troit, recommending an appropriation for the
completion of the harbor at Michigan City, In-
diana, as well as for the protection of shipping
on Lake Michigan, as a harbor of refuge, and
also as an outlet for the growing trade of north-
ern Indiana, and an entrepot for the iron ores
of Lake Superior and the lumber of several
States.
Also, the petition of owners of furnaces,
rolling mills, and coal lands in Indiana, for the
same object, to obtain thereby Lake Superior
ore and furnishing a market for hundreds of
tons of coal daily.
Also, the petition of George W. Smoot, a
soldier of the war of 1812, of Wilkes county,
North Carolina, for a pension and other relief.
Also, the petition of James G. Taliaferro,
of New Orleans, Louisiana, praying that dis-
abilities incurred by participation in the rebel-
lion may be removed from Judge Labaure, of
New Orleans, Louisiana.
By Mr. BOUTWELL: The petition of Par-
ker & Cheney and others, of Lowell, Massachu-
setts, in reference to taxation.
Also, the petition of Ethan Atler, for com-
pensation for use of patent at United States
armories.
By Mr. DAWES: The petitions of D. & II.
Stearns and others, Harvey Arnold and others,
and J. L. Peck and others, praying for relief
from oppressive and ruinous taxation.
By Mr. DONNELLY: A memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, in refer-
ence to the construction of the Northern Pacific
railroad.
Also, a memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of St Paul, Minnesota, in referenceto an
overland mail from Minnesota to Montana.
Also, the proceedings of a public meeting of
citizens of Minnesota, held at Minneapolis, in
favor of protecting the rights of naturalized
citizens in foreign countries.
Also, the proceedings of public meetings of
citizens of Minnesota, held at St. Paul and Min-
neapolis, in referenceto the question of natur
alization.
Also, the proceedings of a public meeting
held at St. Paul, Minnesota, in reference to
expatriation of native-born and naturalized cit-
izens.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Minneapo-
lis, Minnesota, asking for an economical ad-
ministration of the Government.
By Mr. EGGLESTON; A memorial of W.
P. Nelson, chaplain in the Army.in 1865, pray-
ing for a pension in consequence of injuries
received while in the discharge of his duty.
Also, the petition of 100 merchants of Cin-
cinnati, in regard to the revenue tax.
By Mr. HOOPER: The petition of distillers,
commission merchants, importers, and export-
ers of distilled spirits of Boston, asking for the
immediate passage of a law to allow export of
liquors.
Also, the petition of builders, owners, and
shippers engaged incommereeof Boston, pray-
ing Congress to remit the duties on all articles
used in building vessels.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition and
papers in the case of the widow of J. T. Shears,
of Bureau county, Illinois, for a pension.
By Mr. KELSEY : The petition of Eben B.
Jones and 21) others, citizens and tax-payers of
the United States, for a reduction of the taxes
and of the expenses of the Government.
By Mr. KETCH AM: The petition of George
Van Kleeckand others, of Poughkeepsie, New-
York, praying for a reduction of internal taxa-
tion.
By Mr. LAPLIN: The petition of S. B.
Upham,J. A. Shearman, and others, of Jeffer-
son county, in favor of reduction of taxes and
economy in public expenditures.
By Mr. NICHOLSON : A memorial of the
journeymen cigarmakers and manufacturers of
Delaware, in relation to the proposition to re-
quire a stamp to bo placed upon each cigar.
Also, a memorial of the citizens of New-
castle county, Delaware, that the survivors of
the war of 1812 and the widows of those de-
ceased be placed upon the pension-rolls.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of Stoddard
Judd and others, for reduction of taxes.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of print-
ers of Philadelphia, protesting against the pas-
sage of the bill now before Congress creating
an international copyright.
By Mr. SCHENCIv: The petition of J.
Rohrer and others, manufacturers of certain
bitters and tonics in the city of Lancaster,
Pennsylvania, praying for relief from unjust
taxation.
By Mr. STOKES : A memorial of Henry
B. Ste. Marie, asking an appropriation to pay
him a reward for the information that leu to
the arrest of John II. Surratt.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The petition of
John Johnson, O'Brien Atkinson, and
others, citizens of Port Huron, asking for such
revision of the revenue laws as shall protect
and encourage American labor, keep the bal-
ance of trade in our favor, and thus enable us
to retain the products of our gold and silver
mines a home.
By Mr. WINDOM: A memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota in ref-
erence to the Black hills of Dakota Territory.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, relative to
the protection of American citizens in foreign
countries.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 3, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Giiay, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday; but before concluding it was
interrupted by
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Journal to-day is
a long record of various motions, I move to
dispense with its farther reading.
There being bo objection, the reading was
dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 17th of February,
1868, a report of the adjutant general show-
ing the number of military districts or head- ■
quarters established in the District of Colum-
bia, the number, names, rank, and duty of
each officer connected therewith, and the ag-
gregate expense of the same; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
iieirs of general duncan l. clinch.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which the Senate con-
curred yesterday in the amendment of the
House of Representatives to Senate bill No.
308. for the relief of the heirs of the late Gen-
eral Duncan L. Clinch, deceased.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the object of
reconsidering it?
Mr. HOWE. I wish to have the vote re-
considered, and then -let it lie on the table
until the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fesses-
dex] is in his seat.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator wish the question put on the motion
to reconsider now?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; I would like to have
it reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The quea
tion is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Now, let the bill lie on th«
table until the Senator from Maine eomes in..
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatordei
will be made.
Mr. FESSENDENsubserpjentlysaid: There
is a bill on the table for the relief of the heirs
of the late General Duncan L. Clinch, de-
ceased, which has been returned from the
House of Representatives with an amendment.
I have looked at the amendment with the
chairman of the Committee on Claims. As
the bill now stands with the amendment I
think there is a fatal defect in it; and that is,
there is nobody to whom the money could be
paid if it was appropriated. I move, there-
fore, that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House, hoping that they will
recede.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment strikes
out the whole bill and inserts a new one in
point of fact.
Mr. JOHNSON. Giving how much?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ten thousand dollars
instead of $15,000. But the new bill, as it is
drawn, provides that the money shall go to the
trustee of Mrs. Eliza B. Anderson. It does
not even say "paid to the trustee,'' but it
says is given in trust for her, but names no
trustee. The consequence would be, I sup-
pose, that she could not get the money without
some further legislation. I move, therefore,
that the Senate disagree to the amendment of
the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be considered as before the Senate for
that purpose unless objection be made, and the
motion is that the Senate non-concur in the
amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
petition's and memorials.
^ presented the petition of Sam-
uel N. Miller, prajing for an extension of his
patent for an improved compound anchor;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Portland, Maine, praying for the
passage of a law legalizing all written con-
tracts for the payment of gold coin; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
