1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36 m
had population enough to constitute her an
empire.
The want of a demand, for the annexation
of this country in an expression of the pop-
ular will is an argument against it. The peo-
ple of our country have a belief about this
Arctic region which cannot be easily removed.
Where are your petitions and your public
demonstrations in behalf of an acceptance of
Alaska? Where are any indications or move-
ments among your mercantile classes, in your
Boards of Trade, and other kindred organiza-
tions, which are always so quick and keen in
all matters of population, wealth, and trade?
Tile press of our country is againstthis purchase
or annexation. The proposition has met with
ridicule and opposition in most of the public
papers except where there has been some special
interest or motive for a contrary course. While
our countrymen have been anxious for acqui-
sitions of territory, and have been willing
almost to declare and carry on war for such a
prize, who has heard any popular voice or
expression in all the length and breadth of our
country in behalf of Alaska? Why does not an
American population pour itself in upon her ?
Where are the adventurers and speculators
and men of enterprise who strike for a new
country to make the first fortunes and obtain
the first foothold there ? "Where are the classes
of men who build up a city in the western
States and Territories almost in a day? How
many of them have followed our flag to Alaska?
They will never go, Mr. Chairman. Instead
of an Alaskian enthusiasm aud fever among
the American masses the country was struck
with wonder and amazement at the propo-
sition of such an acquisition of worthless ter-
ritory. The treaty was hastily confirmed, and
next to no time was taken for its considera-
tion. If it was a new question with Senators
now my belief is that its fate would be a dif-
ferent one. It was born just ahead of a brood
of births between us and Denmark and other
countries, every one of which will die still-
born. The sense of the country will not allow
such extraordinary consummation.
Further, it, is a conclusive objection to this
treaty, Mr. Chairman, that Alaska is not con-
tiguous to any portion of our domain, but is
separated from us by a great region of country
belonging to Great Britain ; and that the pop-
ulation we shall get have neither language nor
mode of life like any of the different inhabit-
ants of the United States. This objection
!ieeds no more than its naked statement to be
most clearly seen and forcibly felt.
But, Mr. Chairman, Alaska, if ours, will be
an enormous annual care and expense to us.
I have no time to dilate upon this, but as an
indicia va. this respect let me read what I a
moment ago cut from a morning newspaper.
Such reminders as this will not be uncommon:
"Sah Frakcisco, 24th.
" United States flagship Pensacola, proceeded to
Victoria, Vancouver's Island, from San Francisco,
"Wednesday. The admiral will confer with the com-
;j winder of the United States steamer Jamestown.
lying inDsquiuiault harbor, on affairs of Alaska,
the disposition of the Indians, anil whether their
attitude toward the new white population makes it
necessary for the presence of war vessels on that
coast, and even whether a fort or two is necessary for
he safety of the traders."
Two of the canons of Jefferson's code of
life might well be invoked in the consideration
of the question before us: " Never spendyour
money before you have it." We certainly have
no millions now for such an investment.
"Never buy what you do not want because it
is cheap; it will be dear to you." Iftheseven
millions we pay now should be cheap even, the
future millions to be expended would certainly
make the purchase dear to us.
Mr. Chairman, I have very briefly given
my reasons why we should not receive Alaska
as a part of the United States. But have we
the political, ay, moral right to refuse to make
the desired appropriation ? I have no doubt
•of it, not a particle, not a scintilla of doubt.
It needs no learning or book exploration to
appreciate it beyond a common sense reading
of the Constitution of our country. It is as
plain as the plainest illustration can make it.
The President and Senate cannot complete a
treaty, which necessarily and primarily calls
for an appropriation of money, without the
assent of the Representatives of the people.
Bear in mind, this so-called treaty settled no
controversy; established no disputed line;
created no alliance; is the incident, accident,
or adjunct of nothing else; but is a naked
agreement for the purchase of country; a pure
call for an appropriation, nothing else. What
is called a " treaty" is strictly and merely an
agreement to appropriate, or that this House
shall appropriate, a sum of money. Now, if
the treaty-making power can buy they can
sell. If they can buy land for money, they
can buy money for land. If they can buy a
part of a country, they can buy the whole of
a country; if they can sell a part, they can
sell the whole of our country, and this, too,
against the wishes of a people as protected and
expressed in the popular representatives. Are
we ready to accept such an interpretation ?
There is no pretense that the Senate com-
mitted any wrong. They did what they could
to make a treaty, but it was of such a nature
that it was incipient or conditional only, and
could never become complete till its approval
by ourselves. This duty we must perform
upon our own responsibility, and in good faith
to our country and constituents, without regard
to anything which has been done by anybody
else, Russia could know, should know, was
presumed to know, and did know, that the
attempted treaty was incomplete, and she can
find no fault, whatever the result of this delib-
eration may be. The President has prematurely
taken possession of the country attempted to
be ceded, hoping the appropriation would be
made. In this liussia took with him the risk
of the result. May it not have been done
as a moral force to compel us to make the
appropriation ?
But liussia is a friendly Power, it is said,
and it would be impolitic to offend her. If she
is friendly, then she will never have an idea of
any hostile resorts on account of the acts of
Andrew Johnson notoriously unauthorized, and
assented to by herself. It would be the last
way she should show her spirit of regard for
us, to attempt to impose this cession of terri-
tory upon an unwilling people. Better refuse
an acceptance of the territory and pay Russia
any damage which it has occasioned her for
our protectorate of Alaska during a year, and
flying our flag over that distant possession.
There may be some inconvenience in our dis-
possession of Russian authority fur a time,
but all those evils had better be borne, and
anyhow reasonably compensated, than allow
this opportunity to go by for a practical asser-
tion on the part of this House of Representa-
tives of a doctrine, which, if surrendered, may
at some dav destroy the liberties of the people.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr, Chairman, I rise
for the purpose of making a few remarks
touching one of the powers granted in the
Constitution of the United States, and I do
that for the purpose more particularly of as-
signing the reason for the action I am by the
laws and by my oath required to take in the
case which presents itself for our considera-
tion when it comes to a final vote upon it. I
, perhaps, stand in an attitude in this case I
i seldom stood in in any case which has presented
itself for my consideration since I have been
a member of this House, or when I occupied
civil circles of life. My position is that of a
conservative character, a word I do not ad-
mire, but 1 have no other term to express the
position I occupy.
A few brief remarksbefore I enter upon the
discussion of what is implied in the term
treaty will suffice me.
But a few remarks preceding that of taking
up the constitutional provisions. The argu-
ment made in advocacy of the majority report,
I believe, with due respect to the committee
and to those who advocate the idea of the
richness of that country, to be most exagger-
ated. I could, if time allowed and I could be
indulged in a reply, show that they are some-
thing after the tales of Gulliver. And, by the
by, they are nothing more than what has been
detailed to me by men who lived a lew years
gone by in regard to the country that I live in
myself. But the occasion will not bear me
out in drawing the parallel between the extrav-
agant potions of men who lived in North Caro-
lina sixty, seventy, and eighty years ago in
regard to the richuess of Tennessee described
by the people who lived in North Carolina, or
at least by some who had been upon the fron-
tier and had got but a faint view of the coun-
try of Tennessee. They went back and told
wonderful tales of its richness. Those tales
were not in reality more extravagant thau the
tales told in reference to the richness of this
Alaska country.
'Then on the other side it is argued that of
all the sterile portions of God's green earth,
of the most huge capers of nature in its wild-
est and most frantic rage, this has been thrown
up and made a barren, bleak waste upon which
the wild boar of the forest could not feast.
Even the wolf, it is said, is not to be found
there. Well, for gentlemen to say it is too poor
to support wolves is a little too much. Neither
a white man nor an Indian has ever put his foot
where the wild dog has never been; for if the
wild dog cannot live there no human being can
live there, no animal can live there. I cannot
give in to that idea. I think it is not so barren,
so sterile as all thaf. I think God, when he
made this mighty globe of ours, destined Alaska
for a divine, an infinite, a wise purpose, and
that it should be a blessing.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. MWjLINS. Not one moment. I know
the gentleman is with me, but I do not want
two speeches combined in one.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 only want to ask a question.
Mr. MULLINS. I have not time. I will
answer the gentleman with pleasure when J
have leisure. I have no speech written out so
that I can just refer to the point where 1 left
off by stopping to answer inquiries, as. those
who have spoken before have done.
Thus you see I do not agree with these ex-
travagant ideas of the richness of this country,
that if you dig a hole there at night, as was
said of Tennessee, when you go back next
morning it is six inches deep in oil; and if you
plant corn you raise ten bushels to the acre, as
was said of Middle Tennessee, but if you do
not plant any you raise five. I do not believe
that of Alaska, neither do I believe that the
growth there is as tall and as splendid and as
lasting as they say it is. That is not the case
in the geological sense of the word. I mean
by the geological expression to apply it to all
that surrounds the earth and the consequent
laws of nature that govern it. It is not found
in the history of our country and of this globe
to be the fact that the lasting timber is lound
in that cold region. It is not according to the
nature of things that it should bo so. But that
there is timber there I do not doubt, and
enough for all purposes necessary lor the use
of civilized man in this country.
Now, I occupy this mediuiri ground, and as
to my absolute decision about this matter, I
shall not be controlled by the richness of this
country, nor its sterility, but by its geographi-
cal position and the facts involved in this case.
In regard to this treaty and all that has been
said about it by the parties that have spoken
on both sides of the question, there is in all
the arguments one basis from which they have
never been able to wrench loose : and I am
very glad to find that that is so; and that is
this, that where treaties are made with the
contingencies attached thereto, to complete
them by payment is the action of the House.
All the lawyers that have pleaded on the case,
every lawgiver and every writer of law investi-
gating this case and arguing upon it, comes
down to one fixed basis, and that is that its
substantial and fixed ratification has to be done
by the action of the House.
I will say here that I expect to cast my vote
for the payment of the money to consummate
