238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
compass the same object I shall hope the meas-
ure will meet the approbation of the House.
In my judgment we have already postponed
this taxation too long. In the Thirty-Ninth
Congress I urged the necessity of it. Then it
could have been done more readily, because it
had not been the subject of popular discussion,
and consequently the terms of it would have
been more easily fixed upon. But Congress,
like an individual, seldom does anything so
long as it can be postponed, and so the propo-
sition was thrown into the future to take its
chances. Now the necessity is upon us. We
must act or refuse to act in the midst of an
unusual activity of financial discussion, both in
Congress and in the country, and with the
feeling strong upon us that the difference is
very great between action and non-action.
It is not to be disguised that public atten-
tion has been largely turned toward this mat-
ter. But I would not have the House act from
popular clamor. I am quite sure it will not.
There is courage enough ip this House to resist
popular influences when they are wrong. And I
know the members of this body will not refrain
from acti ng because they may subject themselves
to the charge of seeking the popular favor.
I speak of the popular feeling because that
is a strong reason why the subject should be
examined. That fact brings the matter prop-
erly before Congress for discussion. Let that
consideration be given to the matter now which
its importance demands. We certainly cannot
go wrong in giving time to the investigation of
a question which more than any other pertain-
ing to taxation or linance occupies the public
thought.
Nor am I to be deterred from acting upon
the subject because a large party has already
in many sections—perhaps everywhere in the
country—attempted to create a partisan advan-
tage for themselves out of the non-taxability
of these bonds.
As a party, the Republican party has taken
no position upon this subject. Individual mem-
bers of it difter, and as an organization having
the control of legislation we must either acqui-
esce in propositions for taxation or give the
reasons for not doing it. We cannot answer
the other side of the House with a sneer at its
loyalty. The shake of Lord Burleigh's head
was said to have contained a great deal of wis-
dom in his day, but that day has passed. If we
attempt to slough off those who propose this
species of taxation as demagogues, as persons
who would set class against class, or repudiate
debts for the sake of votes, we shall make a'
mistake, and this is a time when we can hardly
. afford many blunders in financial legislation.
If, as I believe after a patient examination
of the subject, the soundest maxims of political
economy and the highest practical wisdom
demand action on this subject at our hands, we
can hardly afford to refrain because the other
side of the House votes with us. It would be
but a sorry excuse to give constituents. Those
of us who voted against impeachment had the
unhappiness of having such associates, although
we had the high satisfaction of knowing that a
majority of our political friends went with us.
The public debt should not be a matter of
partisan discussion. It arose out of the dire
necessities of the country. It is a portion of
the money price paid for our nationality. But
it will be thrown into the canvass, and I care
not if it is._ I shall not mourn if it prove to be
one of the immortal creations of the war. Let
it remain as a huge, unsightly monument of the
decay and corruption of a great party to whom
for long years the people generously intrusted
the management of their national concerns,
and who, when rebuked for their many crimes
against the public good and ejected from place,
wickedly attempted to destroy the Government
they could no longer control. It would be a
beacon of warning to the voters of the Republic
not to intrust its destinies again to the hands
of those who have proved so unworthy, and so
run the risk of their plunging the country into
another war and causing the creation of an-
other debt.
But I am not disposed to view the matter
altogether as a partisan. We have the debt
upon us. We must carry it along in good faith,
as we agreed to do, and in due time we must
pay it or renew it, feeling well assured that as
the years go by the rapidly increasing property
of the country will form an ampler base upon
which to rest its burdens. The hundred mil-
lion inhabitants that are by and by to con-
stitute the people of the Republic, with the
incalculable wealth that will be theirs, will
bear this debt too easily to make it a subject
of complaint. Our business is to "tide it
overand when the country has once settled
upon the proper methods of carrying it we shall
find our prosperity too elastic to be cramped by
its weight.
This debt now constitutes a great property—
a property recognized by our courts, subject
to our laws of conveyance and descent, and
protected by the national and State authorities.
It is subject only to the laws of Congress, and
Congress itself ia bound by the terms of the
acts which brought it into existence.
The immense magnitude of this property
has become bo familiar to us that we fail to
appreciate it except by comparison. It ex-
ceeds in value the whole property of New
England, New Jersey, and Delaware in 18(30,
and is very considerably more than double the
census valuation of the eight northern States
lying west of the Mississippi. The whole
property of the country in 18t>0, except slaves,
was $14,000,000,000, and allowing an increase
of fifty per cent., the great property repre-
sented by this debt is worth one eighth of the
whole of it.
B_y the terms of its creation this property is
"exempt from taxation by or under State
authority." All the acts creating it in various
but explicit terms exempt it from any but con-
gressioncl taxation; and had it not been so
stated in the loan bills the decisions of the
Supreme Court would have brought about the
same result.
So far as I am aware no question has arisen
as to the authority of Congress to tax this
property as it pleases and to the extent it
chooses to tax it. The only restraint over the
power of Congress in this respect is that which
controls all legislation—whether financial or
other—and that is, that Congress shall exercise
its authority for the public good. We are not
embarrassed either by lack of constitutional
authority or by expressed or implied faith
toward those who bought this property in
accordance with our legislation. The agree-
ment not to allow States or towns to tax it—so
far as anything either way be implied from it—
is rather in the nature of notice to the pur-
j chasers and holders that Congress did not in-
tend to relinquish its own rights in the premises,
but should exercise them if it deemed proper.
And without objection on the part of any-
body Congress has exercised its rights in this
respect. By the act of July 1, 1862, an income
tax of three per cent, was authorized upon the
gains of all property except bonds, and upon
incomes from bonds the tax was one and a
half per cent. By the acts of June 30, 18G4,
and March 3, 1865, incomes from bonds were
placed upon the same footing as from other
property, and that is the present law.
These acts asserted the right. But the tax
in proportion to the other taxation of the coun-
try was very slight. In 1862 it was but nine
cents on the hundred dollars, and now but
thirty cents on the same sum.
But to this there were exceptions. The per-
son who has $16,000 of property all in Gov-
ernment bonds escapes national taxation alto-
gether, because incomes to the amount of
$1,000 are exempt from taxation; so he
shirks the burdens both of the State and
National Governments.
What the percentage of taxation may be
upon the actual value of the property of the
countrv it is quite impossible to say. We all
know the unreliability of the census returns
when the result was a mere matter of opinion.
In many instances the census agents blundered
when it was simply a question of numbers. Of
course when they had to exercise their judg-
ment as to so difficult a matter as the value of
property they are still less to be depended upon.
But from the data that every one has—that
of his own neighborhood and Slate—it is but
a moderate estimate to say that the average tax
upon every species of property in the country
at its full market value for State and municipal
purposes is one per cent.
For national purposes we are now raising
about four hundred millions a year, and it is
estimated that the laws now in force will give
that sum in future. Of course this is unequally
distributed—some of it specific, but chiefly in-
direct—but in the aggregate, as a charge against
the property <jf the country, it amonnts to two
per cent, on a valuation of $20,000,000,000.
So that for State, national, and municipal
purposes we are paying annually three per
cent, on a fair valuation of the property of
the whole country.
The immediate question before us is whether
under these circumstances this great property
of bonds—paying no local taxes and but three
tenths of one per cent, of national taxation—
shall be made to contribute more liberally to-
ward defraying the public charges? I say it
contributes three tenths of one per cent, to-
ward the national taxation. But that is only
in certain cases. The exemption that I have
already stated is so large that in the majority
of instances no tax is collected. I have in-
quired at the Bureau of Internal Revenue how
much the present tax on bonds yields, but they
are unable to inform me. It is not thought
there, however, that any considerable sum is
drawn from them, and that practically the
bonds escape national as well as State taxation
by means of the exemption.
I am at a loss, sir, to know how, consistently
with proper theories of taxation,-we shall con-
tinue the present discrimination in favor of
this great property. Let me call the attention
of the House to the present operation of the
revenue laws. The director of the Bureau of
Statistics has kindly furnished them to me.
We tax tea the sum of $8,723,956 81 ; cof-
fee, $7,901,847 99; molasses, $3,037,452 10:
sugar, $27,774,096 80. This is for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1866. For the last year
they are about the same.
This is by means of the tariff. But they are
almost purely revenue taxations. • The result
to the consumer is the same as if each man
who purchased was charged by the internal
revenue officer a certain price for his tea, cof-
fee, molasses, sugar, and an additional sum
in proportion to the qnantities consumed.
There is no question of incidental benefit from
protection in it—it is bald, naked assessment.
By means of the internal revenue officers
we tax railroads $4,000,000 annually and allow
them to assess it upon the public. This sum
is necessarily paid by all classes, and perhaps
comes as near a per capita tax upon people of
moderate means as any that can be laid.
Revenue stamps yield $16,000,000, and the
tax is an assessment in great part upon the
business men of the country.
_ Wholesale and retail merchants pay nearly
six million dollars annually for licenses to
trade, and get it back from their customers if
they can.
Besides these taxes, affecting particular
classes of the community, we have the great
manufacturing tax, which draws according to
consumption from every man, woman, and
child in the country.
I do not speak of these taxes complainingly—
the internal revenue system of taxation was a
wise one and has answered the purpose of its
creation most admirably—but I use them for
the purpose of comparison.
And I may here as well as elsewhere disavow
all feelings against bond-holders. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ross] the other day
talked about "rich bond-holders." It is an
unfair use of terms. It is an attempt to excite
prejudice in the country against persons who
deserve other treatment at the hands of the
