1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
Bays.
Mr. H1GBY. I raise the question of order
tliat that is a dilatory motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Higby] states that in his opinion
t his is a dilatory motion. The Chair will sub-
mit the question to the House for its decision.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has not the Chair ruled
upon that question once?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has entertained
several propositions moved by gentlemen of the
minority, although he himself" doubted the pro-
priety of doing so. The Chair is doubtful
whether he should have entertained the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bcer] to
lay the resolution on the table. The Chair thinks
that under the circumstances it was a dilatory
motion. The Chair also thinks that the propo-
sition in regard to excusing an absent member
was not a bona Jide application, because the
colleague of the gentleman absent who had
moved for his excuse on account of illness had
previously withdrawn the application. But the
Chair will let the House decide the question,
and for this reason: when a call of the House
is ordered it is because less than a quorum is
present. The object, under the Constitution,
is to enforce the attendance of absent mem-
bers. If those who are present and object to
the call demand the yeas and nays on excusing
every absentee, as they would have the right
to do if this is entertained by the House, then
no roll-call would culminate for days, at least
for a day. The question is whether the con-
stitutional right of a majority to enforce the
attendance ofabsentmembersshall be accorded
without dilatory proceedings. That question
the Chair puts to the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The same point of order
was raised once, and the Chair decided that it
was not a dilatory motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that
the motion to dispense with further proceed-
ings under the call was not a dilatory motion,
as it was the only way in which it could be
dispensed with.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe the Chair is
right.
Mr. NICHOLSON. The same motion has
been put and voted on by the House.
The SPEAKER. That was entertained by
the Chair. The question now is whether the
House of Representatives will entertain it, and
the House of Representatives is of higher
powei than the Speaker, and a decision by the
House would be more satisfactory to both
sides of the House.
The question then l-eeurred 011 sustaining
Mr. Higby's point of order.
Mr. KERR demanded tellers.
Mr. BUTLER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 17, not voting
88: as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Delos II. Ashley,
Baker, Boaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Broomall, Butler, Gary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Cohi), Coburn, Covodc, Cailom, Dixon, Dodge. Bon-
nelly, DrigL's, K!:i, Ferriss Ferry, Fields, ljalsey,
Harding, IIHill, Hopkins, Chester V. llubbnid,
Ilunter, Ingersoll. Jciickes, Judd, Julian, Ketobam,
Koontz, George V. Lawienoc, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughiidge, Lynch, Mallory,
McCarthy, McCluig, McCormick, Mcrcur, Miller,
Mouie. Morrcll, Mvers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
Tiiomas Williams, William Williams, and John T.
Wilson—81.
XAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes. Boyer, Burr, Tild-
ridato, Getz, Uolladay, Haight, llotchkiss. Johnson,
Knott, Morgan, Nicholson, Phelps, Stone, Lawrence
S. Trimble, and Van Auken—17.
NOT VOTINU—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Axteil, Bailey. Baldwin, Banks,
liarnum, Beck, Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Biom-
weli. Brooks, Buckiand, Cake, Chanler, Header W.
Clarke, Cook, Cornell, I)awes, Eokley, Eggleston,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Garlield, Glossbren-
nor, Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Hawkins, Holman,
Hooper, Asabel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones. Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr,
Kitchen, Laflin, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Cuilough, Mooihcad, Morrissey, Mullins, Muntjen,
Newoomb, Niblaek, Sunn, Peters, Pike, Plants,
Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross,
Scotield, Shanks, Sheliabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Spalding, Staikweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Tabor,
Thomas, Twiehell, Van Aernam, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
James 1. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson.Windom.Wood,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—88.
So the point of order was sustained, and it
was declared to be the judgment of the House.
The SPEAKER. The question now is what
action shall be taken in reference to the absen-
tees?
Mr. PILE. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be sent for them.
The SPEAKER. That will be entertained
under the thirty-sixth rule.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is in violation of
a standing rule of the House.
The SPEAKER. What rule?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That,the absentees shall
be called for excuses. '
Mr. WOOD. And the call of the absentees
has not been concluded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind
the gentlemen from New York and Wisconsin
that the ruling on the resolution growing out
of the impeachment referred to the committee
of managers was decided in the affirmative;
that dilatory motions could not be entertained.
It follows as a consequence that the House has
the right to decide any question growing out of
it. The call of the House has grown out of it,
and the House, by a vote of 81 to 17 have
decided that this is covered by the rule adopted
on the 25th of February last. The House has
affirmed that on appeal from the decision of
the Chair. The House again affirms that the
demand of the yeas and nays on excusing
absentees is a dilatory motion; that although
provided for by the thirty-sixth rule, adopted
some years ago, it is prohibited by the rule
adopted on the 25th of February last.
Mr. WOOD. The Chair has misunderstood
my point of order. It was this : that until the
Clerk has concluded the call, except by a mo-
tion to suspend proceedings, no other ques-
tion can be raised.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has just re-
plied as distinctly as he could to the precise
point of order, and that the House have de-
cided that the resolution submitted to-day was
a resolution from a committee which had
charge of nothing but impeachment and could
report nothing but matters relative to im-
peachment, and therefore their resolution was
covered by the rule of the 25th of February
last. Upon an appeal the House sustained
the decision of the Chair—yeas 81} nays 17.
The Chair is never called upon to explain reso-
lutions of the House of Representatives ; he
sometimes explains his own ruling.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The point of order is,
that whenever a temporary rule like the one
we have adopted, which the Chair holds to be
a rule governing the House, conflicts with a
standing rule of the House, the standing rule
must govern.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards them
bothasof equal dignity, though upon legal prin-
ciples, the latter would repeal the former. If
there were any differences it would be 111 favor
of the last; but the Chair does not so hold. He
regards both as of equal dignity.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Pile, it appeared to be carried.
Mr. KERR. I demand tellers.
Mr. PILE. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. J OHNSON". I desire to ask if all the
names of the absentees aie handed to the j
Sergeant-at-Arms ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. PiJ.n] is adopted,
that will be the order of the House.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays '23, not vot-
ing 89; as follows:
Y'EAS —Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Delo^s R. Ashley,
Baker, Beaman, Beatty. Benton, Blair, Broomall,
Butler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Co-
vode, Cullom, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Bggleston,
Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Halsey, Harding, Higby,
Hill, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Ilunter, .John-
sou, Judd, Julian,Ketcham.KoonU,George V. Law-
T ^ &,w?Tn?,e' L'ncoln, loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, McCiurg
rwSiT' rt \h0v ^oor?; Morrell, Mullira, Myers,
ONeill, Orth Pame. Perham, Pile, Polsley, Price,
Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Sohenck, Selye, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Ta.ti'c, Taylor, John
V, H,brld®,'^p!?rn'MBurt ^an Hora, Bob-
liaros—77 Welker, and William Wil-
NAYS —Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Beck, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Cary, Eldndge Geta, Golladay, Haight
Hotchkiss, Jenckes. Kerr, Knott, McCormick Mor-
gan, Nicholson, Phelps, Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble
Van Aukcn, and Wood—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson
James M. Ashley, Axteil, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Barnum, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Buckiand, Cake, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon, Eckley, Eliot,
Farnsworth,'Finney, Fox, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Hawkins, Holman, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard. Muibnrd,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jones, Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Laflin, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McCullougli,
Moorhead, Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb, Kiblack,
Nunn, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson, Ross, Scoiield, Shanks, Sliella-
Imrger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taber, Thomas, Twichell. Van
Aernam, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom. Woodbridge, and Woodward—89.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. KOONTZ said: I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Stevexs, is sick.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. BURR objected
to any excuses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain it by order of the House.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to state that I
understand my colleague, Mr. Washburn, who
left the city some days ago, considered him-
self as paired with me. My colleague, Mr.
HtrxTER, has so informed me. I did not know
until recently that he was absent. But as I
am informed that he considers himself paired
with me I am willing to recognize the pair.
Therefore I shall decline to vote hereafter
unless compelled by order of the House.
Mr. KERR. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done
till the absentees are brought in.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to move that all
further proceedings in the call be dispensed
with.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain that motion, as the House has ordered
an arrest of members.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I must take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it in order to motfe to
take a recess?
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain that motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the Chair decide
that the House must remain in perpetual ses-
sion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
decide.
After a considerable interval the Sergeant-
at-Arms appeared and reported that he had
arrested and now had at the bar of the House
Mr. James K. Mooriikad, Mr. LekeP.Polaxd,
Mr. Philadelpii Vax Thump, Mr. Glf.xxi W,
Scofield, and Mr. Reader W. Clarke.
Mr. PILE. I move that the members now
at the bar be allowed to take their seats, sub-
ject to the further order of the House.
Mr. WOOD. Is it in order to move that
they be committed to the same bastile that Mr.
Woolley occupies?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts if it
would be.
Mr. WOOD. I did not know whether the
Chair would entertain the motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Pile.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that on account of his advanced age, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. MooRHiAli]
