1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3671
consideration, being House bill No. 1096,
making an appropriation of money to carry
into effect, the treaty with Russia of March 30,
1867, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD
(at ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The petition of Mrs.
M. J. Hutton, widow of John C. Hutton, pri-
vate in third Delaware infantry, for a pension.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Joseph
Anderson, of Tennessee, for compensation for
lumber taken for the use of the Government.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 2, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the petition of James Ross, praying that pen-
sions be granted to the soldiers of the war of
1812 ; whiehwas ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Connecticut and New York, praying
an appropriation for the removal of obstruc-
tions which impede the navigation of the East
river entrance to New York harbor at Hell
Gate, and the renoval of rocks in the harbor
known as "Battery," "Diamond," and
"Coenties" reefs; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
William Cornell Jewitt, praying an appropria-
tian «f $7,200,000 for the purchase of Alaska,
as a proper appreciation of the life-long services
of Hon. William H. Seward; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Mrs.
Fannie Kelley, of Kansas, praying compensa-
tion for Indian spoliations and for injuries re-
sulting from her captivity among the Indians,
iiav^ig been captured July 12, 1864, west of
Foil Laramie, and for compensation for ser-
vices rendered to the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of Benjamin
Severson, in behalf of property holders in the
city of Washington, in relation to the Washing-
ton canal; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the opinion of
the Court of Claims in the case of George Ash-
ley, administrator of George Holgate, deceased,
submitted au ad verse repoit; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Minerva Lewis,
administratrix of Ezekiel Lewis, deceased, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same eommittee, to whom
was referred the memorial of M. N. Radovich,
submittedan adverse report; whiehwas ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the petition of Black Beaver, a
Delaware Indian, submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed, and he asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary C. Lane,
submitted an adverse report thereon ; which
was ordered to printed.
He also, from the same eommittee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Nareon,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. D RAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R,
No. 941) to amend certain acts in relation to
the Navy and Marine corps, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 583) in relatiou to the trans-
portation of United States mails by railroad
companies, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 5(33) for the preservation of the harbors
of the United States against encroachment,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill ^11. R. No. 1080)
for the relief of Edward B. Allen, reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 73) for the relief
of the Columbia Turnpike Company, for use
and occupation of their road during the late
rebellion, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Captain
II. Clay Wood, submitted an adverse report.
Mr. HARLAN, trom the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 582) to incorporate the Dis-
trict of Columbia Concrete Stone Company,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON,of New Hampshire, from
the joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
reported a bill (S. No. 587) to provide tor re-
trenchment and greater efficiency in the dip-
lomatic and consular service of the United
States, and submitted a report thereon. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on the
D stiict of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 192) to incorporate the Poto-
mac Navigation and Transportation Company
of the District of Columbia, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same eommittee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 230) in addition
to an act entitled "An act to incorporate the
Washington, Georgetown, and Alexandria
Steam Packet Company, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 'lo<6)
for the relief of Martha E. King, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions; which was agreed to.
japanese students at naval academy.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Committee
on Naval Affairs have directed me to report
a joint resolution to admit certain persons to
the Naval Academy, and recommend its pas-
sage, and 1 ask for its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the joint
resolution reported by him at this time.
Mr. TRUMB (JLL. Let it be read at length
for information.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to
receive for instruction at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis not exceeding six persons, to be
designated by the Government of the empire
of Japan ; but no expense is thereby to accrue
to the U nited States, and the Secretary of the
Navy may iu the case of these persons modify
or dispense with any provisions of the rules
and regulations of the Academy which circum-
stances may, in his opinion, render necessary
or desirable.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
(S. It. No. 154) was read twice by its title, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This resolution
is unanimously recommended by the Commit-
tee oil Naval Affairs, and has been submitted
to the Navy Department, and does not meet
with any objection there. In fact, the resolu-
tion has been drawn up in accordance with
their views. The circumstances of the case
are about these: in the literary institutions at
New Brunswick, New Jersey, there are now
some six Japaneseyouths, who read and speak
our language, and who have adopted the prin-
ciples of our religion, and are intelligent young
men. The Japanese Government desires that
they shall have the benefit of such instruction
as can be had in our Naval Academy and cannot
be obtained elsewhere. It seems to me, as I
hear the subject somewhat discussed about me,
that this is in perfect accordance with the true
policy, and with the duty of this Government.
It is a policy which we have already adopted,
to establish friendly intercourse with the Jap-
anese. We have sent, agents there. We have
received them in this Chamber, and it is our
true policy, because by establishing a friendly
intercourse with this nation, while we benefit
them we secure to ourselves a material wealth
which cannot be estimated. It is our duty,
because we are placed in a position where we
can benefit the rest of mankind. We have
civilization and the arts and Christianity and
civil liberty to give to them, and we ought to
cultivate our intercourse with them.
There is another idea. This is the most
opportune time in the world to establish this
intercourse. This nation, at a great price, has
just destroyed that miserable dogma that civil
iiberty is the prerogative of the white man
alone. We have established the fact that it
belongs to all mankind; and now by establish-
ing intercourse with these nations in Asia we
can give them the benefit of the blessings that
we enjoy; and with this railroad running across
the continent, and the ferry across the Pacific,
we shall be shedding light on that nation that
has been living in a twilight existence for cen-
turies. This resolution meets the approval of
the Naval Committee, of the Navy Department,
and 1 know it will of the country.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
message from the h0dse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. ti. No. 1345) to amend an act
entitled "An act to confirm certain private
land claims in the Territory of New Mexico;"
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 318) to cor-
rect an act entitled "An act for the relief of
certain exporter of rum."
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and ihey were thereupon signed by the
President^?™ tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 166) for the relief of the owners
of the land within the United States survey
No. 3217, in the State of Missouri; and
A bill (S. No. 469) confirming the title to
a tract of land in Burlington, Iowa.
bills introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 685) fixing the time for the next meeting
of Congress ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER called for the reading of the
bill at length ; and it was read, as follows:
Be it enacted. &c., That after the adjournment of
thepresentsession thenext meetingof Congress shall
be on the third Monday in November next instead
of the first Monday in December, 1868, as now pro-
vided by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the bill go on
the Calendar ; it does not need any reference;
and I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
