1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623
to whom it applies supposed that they would
get their money before this time. The busi-
ness cannot be closed, at the present rate,
under perhaps a year and a half or two years
longer. I propose to amend the bill by adding
the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury one assist-
ant to the Second Comptroller and one assistant to
the Second Auditor, with an annual salary of $2,500
each, who shall have authority to sign official certifi-
cates and to perform such other duties as may be
assigned to them in the absence or inability of said
Comptroller and Auditor.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seema to me it is
rather an improper thing to introduce an
amendment providing for the appointment of
two officers, not merely for the temporary
purpose of facilitating the payment of this
bounty, but adding two officers permanently
to the Treasury Department. I will state to
the Senator that the Committee on Finance
are carefully considering a bill introduced at
the early part of the session by the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessexden] on the subject
of the reorganization of all the bureaus of that
Department. I trust, therefore, this matter
will be left for the consideration which we are
giving to the subject. And let mc say to the
Senator that the appointment of these two
officers at $2,500 each would cause the same
application to come to us from at least twenty
different bureaus of the Government. I think
the subject) <might to be considered carefully,
and I assure the Senator we are giving it now
careful consideration with a view to a revision
of the various offices of the Treasury Depart-
ment. I certainly shall vote against this amend-
ment at this time.
Mr. WILSON. This bill passed the House
of Representatives after an investigation, in
which Mr. French was brought before the
committee. Mr. French gave testimony be-
fore the committee, and a large portion of it
was stricken out on his own request. 1 went
to see Mr. French in regard to it after the
objection was made by the Senator from Ohio,
and I found that there was no difficulty what-
ever in making more rapid progress in the set-
tlement of these bounty claims except the dif-
ficulty that Mr. French had himself person-
ally; that he could not go through this work;
and it is the same with Mr. Brodhead. Mr.
French suggested to me that he wanted more
room, and he wanted somebody to aid him in
signing these papers. I wish to state further
that this bill, as it came from the House of
Representatives, provided for the appointment
of fifty additional clerks. The Senate Military
Committee have stricken out that provision
and provided for the transfer of a number of
clerks to perform this duty. There is no ex-
pense now involved in the bill, with the excep-
tion of $2,500 for the salary of two assistants.
That, certainly, is not adding more than a few
hundred dollars, at any rate, to the expendi-
tures, as they can appoint some clerks in the
office to do that work. I can say to the Sena-
tor from Ohio that we ought to act on this bill
in some form.
Mr. -SHERMAN. I do not object to the
Senate acting on the bill, but 1 do not want it
loaded down with propositions of this sort.
Mr. WILSON. There is no loading about
it. The House of Representatives passed the
bill providing for the appointment of fifty clerks
to facilitate this business. We have stricken
out the clause authorizing the appointment of
clerks, and simply authorized the detail of some
clerks in the Department to this duty, and not
the appointment of any new clerks. When
that is done, Mr. French telis me the great
'difficulty is that he wants room. That is pro-
vided for in the bill. Then he says he wants
an assistant to aid him in the physical labor
of signing the innumerable papers that come
to him. The number of times that he is com-
pelled to sign his name is enough to app_al any
man who thinks of the physical labor of it. I
think we ought to adopt this provision ; but if
Senators do not wish to do that, I would rather
pass the bill at any rate without it.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire of my
friend, while he is np, why he proposes to in-
crease the salary of these two persons who, it
is proposed, shall sign for these two officers?
Why may they not be legally authorized to sign
the names of those two officers without an in-
crease of salary V Surely, as they are signing
these two names, they will not be engaged upon
any other clerical duty. Does it give effect to
their signatures, or is it necessary that import-
ance shall be added to them by giving them an
additional salary?
Mr. WILSON. My answer to the Senator
is, in the first place, that the bill to which the
Senator from Ohio refers, introduced by the
Senator from Maine, provides for these two
officers with salaries of $3,000, instead of
$2,500; and the second point is, that nobody
can now sign these gentlemen's names but
themselves, and this bill authorizes the ap-
pointment of persons to do this identical work.
There is a bill before the Committee on Finance
that authorizes the appointment of these two
officers, and gives them S500 a year more than
I provide for in this amendment. I thought
we should save something by it.
Mr. CONKLING-. 1 should like to make an
inquiry of the Senator. I ask him whether the
names of those officers are not engraved under
the law as it stands now, obviating entirely this
great manual labor?
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the Senator
that Mr. French has signed his name twelve
hundred thousand times in a certain period ; I
have forgotten how many months; but his
name had to be signed with his own hand
twelve hundred thousand times. He wants
some assistance in this work, and if we wish
to facilitate the payment of these soldiers'
bounties, this is the mode to do it.
Mr. CONNESS. I reply to the Senator upon
the point mentioned by him, that if there be a
bill pending to increase the salaries of those
two assistants, let us wait nntihthat question
comes up in its legitimate connection. If such
officers are necessary, I shall be willing, fnr
one, to vote for them ; but this piecemeal ad-
vancement of salary is a bad plan. I think
we ought not to pursue it. Let us wait for the
bill reorganizing the Treasury Department, giv-
ing proper and adequate salaries to its cle.rks
and officers. In the meantime, those persons
are paid their regular salary for the perform-
ance of their duty.
Mr. WILSON. It may bo that the Com-
mittee on Finance will act on this matter. I
apprehend, however, no such bill will pass this
session. This proposition has been offered at
the pressing request of Mr. French liimselt,
who wants this assistance, if this work is to be
imposed upon him. However, I will abandon
the amendment, and take the bill as it came
from the. House of Representatives, if that will
gratify Senators. 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are on6 or two
difficulties in regard to this bill. When this
subject was up before, I read from the official
report of the Second Auditor that it was im-
possible to employ fhese clerks under this
proposition. The Senator now says he has had
a personal interview with him, and he finds
this work can be done; but he has stricken out
the only clause that authorized the employment
of fifty clerks. There are no clerks that can
be transferred to this duty. The Secretary
of the Treasury is now calling for-additional
clerks. I have an official communication from
him stating that he must have additional force
in several of the bureaus and divisions of the
Department. The Senator, after striking out
the power to employ new clerks, authorized
them to be transferred. Where from ? There
are no clerks that can be transferred. The
truth is, that the House of Representatives, in
their desire to cut down the clerical force of
the Treasury Department, have cut it down so
that they cannot get along with the ordinary
routine business. Upon the basis of the pres-
ent appropriation bill as it now stands, the
ordinary routine business of the Treasury De-
partment will be interfered with. But this bill
requires fifty clerks to be transferred from
somewhere, and there are no clerks to trans-
fer. Then there is another clause in this bill
that seems to me rather strange. In this trans-
fer tire bill requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to give in all cases preference in employ-
ment to soldiers and sailors.
Mr. WILSON. That has beeu stricken out
of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all right then. I
only say that if the Senator thinks fifty-four
clerks can be employed in the Auditor's office,
we have against that the testimony of the Audi-
tor himself in an official report that he cannot
provide for fifty new clerks.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that the evidence of the Auditor on that point
rests upon this want of room ; and we authorize
in this bill the Secretary to provide additional
room for the use of these clerks. That ques-
tion, then, is answered. It has been supposed
that the Treasury Department had more clerks
than they could use properly; and I understand
that one of the appropriation bills that has
passed the House of Representatives cuts down
in one office seven clerks, and in another some
thirty or forty. 1 have received a letter from
a gentleman employed in one of the Depart-
ments saying that tiie number of clerks there
is cut down from one hundred and twenty to
forty odd.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have now the official
report, handed to me by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, from the First
and Second Comptroller's, stating that the bill
as it passed the House of Representatives,
would prevent them from discharging the ordin-
ary daily operations of the Department. The
idea of having clerks to transfer, therefore, is
impracticable. If the Senator really desires
fifty new clerks in the Second Auditor's office,
and thinks they ought to be appointed, let us
provide for them: and on that point I will take
his judgment. But the provision requiring that
they shall be transferred from some other place
is simply nugatory, because there are no clerks
to transfer.
Mr. WILSON. If the Treasury Depart-
ment has no clerks to transfer for this purpose,
as I have been led by information that we have
had here to suppose, and with the understand-
ing that there is to be some cutting down in
that office, I choose to take the bill as it passed
the House of Representatives, rather than to
pass no bill at all. I do not want the respon-
sibility of this measure dying on my hands. I
am willing then, instead of transferring, to ap-
point fifty additional clerks inthe Second Audi-
tor's office.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator should
say that they should be employed for one year,
because this bounty business will all be settled
in a year, and I do not think we ought to add
to the force beyond a reasonable time. I sug-
gest, therefore, that lie propose an amendment
in this form:
That the Secretary be, ami lie is hereby, directed
to employ for (.np year a suiliciont number of clerks,
not less than fifty.
I move that as an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty in the
House of Representatives, 1 think, from a
casual glance at the debates on the legislative
appropriation bill, arose from this fact: the
force in the Treasury Department has been in
the last few years from time to time very
much increased, of necessity. That necessity
arose out of the connection of the Department
in a very great degree in one or two branches
of it with the issuing of notes and bonds and
work of that sort. But when we increased the
force of the Department at different times, we
limited the duration of the increase, I think,
during the war and for two years thereafter.
The committee of the House seem to have gone
upon the idea that the two years have expired
or will expire at the end of this fiscal year, and
therefore they say there is no existing law for
thesetfcdditional clerks, and as the business of
the Committee on Appropriations is merely
