8672
THE CONGR1SSI0MAE GLOBE.
Jiilrl
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
586) for the relief of Amos Sanford, of Prairie
City, Illinois; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
senator from florida.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present the credentials of Hon. A. S.
Welch, one of the Senators recently elected
by the Legislature of Florida a Senator in the
Senate, of the United States. I move that he
be sworn in, and that the credentials be read.
The Secretary read the credentials, as fol-
lows:
State of Florida,
Executive Office, Tallahassee.
This is to certify that, in accordance with the pro-
visions of the act of Congress entitled "An act to
regulate the times and manner of holding elections
for Senators in Congress," approved July 26,1856, the
senate and assembly of the State of Florida, chosen
under and by virtue of the constitution framed in
accordance with the reconstruction aets of Congress,
did this day convene in joint assembly and proceeded
to elect a Senator in the Congress of the United States
to fill the term expiring on the 3d day of March, A.
D. 1869.
And I do further certify that Adonijah Strong
Welch received a majority of the votes of the said
joint assembly, a majority of all the members elected
to both houses being present and voting.
And I do further certify that the said Adonijah
Strong Welch has been nine years a citizen of the
United States and two years a citizen of the State of
Florida, and is a registered voter.
Therefore, by virtue of the authority vested in me,
and in pursuance of the requirements of the consti-
tution of the State, I do hereby accredit the said
Adonijah Strong Welch as Senator m the Congress
of the United States, to fill the said term expiring
on the 3d day of March, A. D. 1869.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
I- „ i and affixed the great seal of the State of
L ^ Florida, this 17th day of June, A. D. 1868.
HAKXUSON REED,
Governor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senator-elect from Flor-
ida be permitted to take the oaths.
The motion was agreed to.
The oaths prescribed by the Constitution and
laws were administered to Mr. Welch, and he
took his seat in the Senate.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating correspondence in rela-
tion to the destitute condition of the Osage
Indians in Kansas ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
bridge over black iuver.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1027) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge over the Black river, in
Lorain county, Ohio, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senate to con-
sider that bill at this time. It is a mere local
matter, and I am sure there will be no objec-
tion to it. It is a matter of necessity, as the
bridge is now being constructed. It is neces-
sary that Congress should give its assent, as it
is part of a navigable stream.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that it shall be lawful for the county com-
missioners of the county of Lorain, in the State
of Ohio, to build a bridge across the Black
river, near the village of Black River, in that
county, at the point where the county road
leading east from the village crosses the stream;
but there is to be placed in the bridge a draw
of not less than one hundred and forty feet in
width, with a center abutment not to exceed
twenty-five feet wide and ten feet above the
water-line, leaving a passage on each side of
the abutment of not less than fifty-seven feet
in width, and so constructed as not to impede
the navigation of the river, and allow the easy
passage of vessels through the bridge.
Mr. HO WE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Ohio if that is wholly within the jurisdiction of
Ohio?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes. It is a mere
local matter. The county commissioners were
building the bridge without being aware that
it was necessary to have the assent of Congress.
I suppose there is no objection to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
west wisconsin railroad.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate joint
resolution No. 152, which has been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 152) to extend the time for
the completion of the West Wisconsin railroad
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Itproposes to further
extend the time fixed and limited by an act
entitled "An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in the State
of Wisconsin," approved May 5, 1864, for the
completion of the railroad from Tomah, in the
county of Monroe, to St. Croix river or lake,
between townships twenty-five and thirty-one,
for a period of three years to the West Wiscon-
sin Railroad Company, a corporation estab-
lished by the laws of the State of Wisconsin,
and which, by the laws of that State, is entitled
to the land grant made in the second section of
the act of May 6, 1864; but if the railway com-
pany shall not have completed the railroad from
Tomah to Black River Falls on or before the
expiration of one year from the passage of the
resolution it is to be null and void.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
western pacific railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move to take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 159.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill, (S. No. 159) relating
to the Western Pacific railroad, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, to the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
which was to strike out in lines thirty, thirty-
one, thirty-two, and thirty-three of the commit-
tee's amendment the words "and the United
States shall pay to said company, their suc-
cessors or assigns, such sum as maybe reason-
ably due for such use and occupation thereof."
Mr. CONNESS. When this amendment
was offered by my friend, the Senator from
Vermont, it was discussed to some extent.
The only real objection I saw to it was that in
case the company built important structures
there they ought to be compensated if the
United States required them. I apprehend
that if the Government at any time should do
damage to private property they would be
willing to pay, and I propose to withdraw any
opposition I made to the amendment and let
it be made.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
further objection to the bill myself. If the
Senators from California are in favor of this
bill, I do not know that other Senators should
object. But it seems to me there ought to be
some provision by which other railroads com-
ing into California at that point might connect.
I understand that there is one railroad that
will now, if this bill passes, have the entire
monopoly of all opportunities of connecting
with San Francisco.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is ,
another question that arises, whether giving
possession to this company we do not thereby 1
oust the settlers and become liable to dam-
ages to those parties? There are claimants
to this island who claim it in fee; and if we
authorize this company to take possession of I
it, it seems to me we may perhaps be liable j
for some damages to the parties who may |
thereby be ousted. I am not sure that that is 1
so; but I think it is a question that ought to
be investigated.
Mr. CONNESS. It has been investigated
thoroughly.
Mr. COLE. I wish to move an amendment
or two to theamendaient of the committee, I
move to strike out in the eighteenth and nine-
teenth lines the words "as not being required
in time of peace for military purposes."
Mr. CONNESS. I have consulted with my
colleague touching this amendment, and have
no objection to its being made.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I more further to amend the
amendmentby insertingbeforethe word "the,"
in the sixteenth line, the words " tbe chief of
engineers and."
Sir. CONNESS. I hope this amendment
will not be made. It is already provided that
the only privilege that the company shall be
entitled to under this bill shall be such as shall
be designated by the General of the Army and
the Secretary of War, who will, of coarse,
exercise their judgment after considering the
opinions of the engineers on this whole sub-
ject. Such a provision as is now proposed has
never been introduced in any bill of this kind.
The consent of the Secretary of War is qi.ll that
is generally imposed ; but in this case the eon-
sent and approval of tbe General of the Army
is added. I hope, therefore, this amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. COLE. The amendment that I propose
is offered in view of the fact that the chief of
engineers has made a report in reference to
this subject, which has been printed, and is
upon the tables of Senators, and his report is
to the effect that the island is needed for the
defense of the city and harbor of San Fran-
cisco. There are some points in this report
that are very strong. Whether the whole island
is needed is questionable. If, however, it
should be determined to be necessary for the
defense of the harbor, or if that fact has already-
been determined, it certainly should foreclose
any further or other disposition of this island.
That a part of it at all events is necessary for
the protection of the harbor and city no one
acquainted with the locality can for a moment
question. This amendment is offered in order
to give the chief of engineers of the Army a
voice in determining the question as to whether
this island shall, all of it, or what portion of
it, be retained for the defense of the harbor.
That is the reason why I propose the amend-
ment I have offered.
Mr. NYE. I think the amendment offered
by the honorable Senator from California^®
a slight and indignity offered to the superior
officers. Of course when this permission is
obtained of the General of the Army and Sec-
retary of War, they will consult their proper
subaltern officers, among whom is the chief
engineer of the Army, and they will use all the
means in their power to ascertain whether it is
proper to allow any of this island to be used,
and if any, how much ? Therefore I think it
would be an indignity to superior officers to put
upon a commission with them one entirely their
inferior, and an officer, as the Senate will ob-
serve, always subject to their command and
control, and one whose advice would be very
likely to be taken. I trust the bill will not be
lumbered up by such an amendment. It must
be perfectly apparent to the most casual ob-
server that the chief engineer would be con-
sulted before all other officers. I have read the
report of the engineer submitted here, a report
which I venture to say upon a review he would
not again attach his name to. I hope tbe hon-
orable Senator will not embarrass the bill by
urging this amendment, when a moment's re-
flection will convince him that of course the
very man whom he proposes to make one of
this board would be consulted.
I trust we shall reach a vote upon this bill.
It is important that this great work should have
a convenient terminus on the Pacific. This is
not a question for California or the western
