1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOtE.
2649
Mr. SCIIENCK. I desire to say that some
four or five gentlemen whom I could name,
Republicans as well as Democrats, answered
at the first roll-call and then went away. As
I understand there is no mode of reaching them
except by dispensing with all further proceed-
ings under this call, and then having another
one, I suggest we had better dispense with all
further proceedings under this call and then
have a new call of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order for the
gentleman to make that motion?
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall move to censure
these gentlemen when it is in order to do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not enter-
tain that motion at the present time, as it has
just been voted down. The usual parliament-
ary course is that some business must intervene.
Mr. CULLOM. I wish to say that my col-
league [Mr. Washburn is] went home on account
of sickness.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is that dilatory ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BURR. I move that he be excused.
The SPEAKER. The House has decided
that that is a dilatory motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask by common con-
sent that wc now take a direct vote on the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. Thatcan be done by unan-
imous consent-
Mr. EGGLESTON I object.
Mr. BROOKS. We do not object on this
side of the House.
Mr. WOOD. There is no objection here to
our coming to a direct vote on the proposition.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to understand the
proposition. Is a direct vote to be taken on
the proposition immediately ?
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition,
and the Chair hears no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The proposition is that
the vote shall be taken on the resolution at this
time, and that a motion shall be entered to
reconsider that, and the other resolutions shall
be introduced pro forma, ordered to be printed,
and that to-morrow we shall have two hours'
debate. That would be satisfactory.
Mr. LOGAN. I will object for four weeks
before any agreement is made at ail. 1 was
kept hero two days and not permitted to open
my mouth on the proposition of impeachment,
and I do not intend 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not believe there
was ever a time when that gentleman's mouth
was kept shut so long. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. So far as that is concerned,
the gentleman's mouth is always shut. He
never talks in this House. He is a gentleman
of few words, and the few there are have noth-
ing in them. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition ?
Mr. LOGAN. I object.
Mr. BUTLER. Is it understood there is no
condition annexed to this?
The SPEAKER. It was so stated by the
Chair.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 object unless we shall
have an opportunity to debate this resolution.
Mr. LOGAN. Then you cannot debate it.
Mr. MORGAN. I will withdraw the objec-
tion I made if Mr. Manager Bingham will allow
me to ask him a question.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. MORGAN. The question I wish the
honorable gentleman to answer is whether it
is true that the committee have refused^ Mr.
Woolley's counsel opportunity to communicate
with him?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know that under
the rules of the House it is in order for me to
state anything the committee lias done in ses-
sion except by order of the committee, and,
therefore, I am not at liberty to answer the
gentleman's question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, that,
business having transpired, it is now in order to
renew the motion that all further proceedings
under the call shall be dispensed with.
Mr. LYNCH. I make that motion.
The motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware
that there is any other motion that can be made
at 1 his time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker 
•Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the gentle-
man from Ohio making any statement or speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not going to make
any speech. I am only going to say 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the gentle-
man stating anything unless he makes some
point of order which is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that all points of order made in the House are
not in order, but the Chair will hear the point
of order of the gentleman from Ohio as he
hears the points of order of the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was only going to say
that, if in order, I will answer the inquiry made
by my colleague, [Mr. Morgan,] after consult-
ing with the majority of the committee in regard
to the action of the committee. That is all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. BROOMALL. Would it be in-order
for me at this time to call up my question of
privilege in regard to the non-voting of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldiuduk?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
not be in order, as the doors are closed and
the House is acting under a call of the House.
It can, however, be taken up by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BROOMALL. Well, I ask unanimous
consent.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. At the suggestion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mouo.vx,] I with-
draw the objection to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] making his statement.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
majority of the committee to make answer to
the interrogatory of my colleague, [Mr. Mor-
gan.] My answer is this.
Mr. RE LYE. What was the question?
Mr. BINGHAM. His inquiry was whether
the committee had resolved that Woolley
should not have an opportunity of consulting
his counsel.
Mr. MORGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. That was not the inquiry.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir, what was it?
Mr. MORGAN. I did not ask if the com-
mittee had resolved, hut if Mr. )Voolley was
not denied communication with his counsel.
Mr. BINGHAM. By whom?
Mr. MORGAN. By the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. Exactly.
Mr. MORGAN. Directly or indirectly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. MORGAN. Or some one of them.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not desire to misrep-
resent the gentleman. He adds to the question
now, " Some one of them." 1 cannot answer
for some one ot thein ; but, so iar as I know, no
member of the committee made any such denial
except as I shall state hereafter; nor did the
committee make any such denial except this,
that when the witness was brought before the
committee, under the order of this House, to
answer the interrogatories put to him, _he
declined, as will beshown by the record which
will be presented if ever we reach the second
resolution, which is pending here, and, among
other things, insisted that he should not answer
the question until his counsel was brought into
the presence of the committee and consulta-
tion was had with him. So far objection was
made, hut there was no denial of his commu-
nicating with his counsel at his own chamber
; where he is held in custody, nor was there any
action of the committee to that effect.
I may be allowed to state further that I
understand from what little was said by the
witness that he had had an interview with his
counsel, and that the evasive answer which he
made was given under the direct instructions
and advice of his counsel.
A Member. Written?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, written. And not
only that, bnt he has had intercourse with
whomsoever he pleased since his arrest and
while he was in custody and up to this hour.
Mr. MILLER. I would like to ask the
gentleman who is his counsel?
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe the witness him-
self gave Mr. Merrick as the name of his coun-
sel, if I am not mistaken.
Mr. MORGAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that Mr. Merrick has been allowed
free access to the prisoner?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not use the word
"free." I only state what the witness said
himself. He did not intimate that his eouDsel
had been denied access to him; but, on the
contrary, he said that he had had an interview
with his counsel, and gave the evasive answer
under the instruction and direction of his coun-
sel, whom he named as Mr. Merrick.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain
the matter for the satisfaction of the gentleman
from Ohio. The Sergeant-at-Arms submitted
the question to the Speaker whether close con-
finement would prevent the witness from hav-
ing access to his counsel, and the Chair an-
swered in the negative—that the right of counsel
was a right guarantied to a prisoner, and no
power could take it from him except an order
of the House to place him in solitary confine-
ment. He is now in close confinement exactly
as if in jail, where he would have the right to
confer with counsel, and the Chair directed
that he should have a right to confer with him
at any time.
Mr. MORGAN. I am happy that the Chair
has overruled the committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. No such thing.
Mr. BINGHAM. Ceitainly not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that the committee had ruled anything
contrary to his own ruling.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
ask 
Mr. UPSON. I object to the gentleman
from Ohio asking any more questions.
The SPEAKER,. The question was referred
by the managers themselves and the Sergeant-
at-Arms to the Speaker for his decision, and he
never heard any objection to his decision until
now.
Mr. MORGAN. My further question is this :
when the committee of managers 
Mr. UPSON and Mr. HIGBY objected to
any further questions.
The SPEAKER. It can only be entertained
by unanimous consent.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask consent to make a
statement.
A Member. I think the witness should
answer and not the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the witness be
allowed to come in here and answer for himself.
Mr. II1GBY. I object.
Mr. SCIIENCK. 1 rise to a question of
order. I find that at least four gentlemen of
this House, namely, Messrs. Pike, Ross,
Blaine, and Chaxi.er, answered to their names
after proceedings here had been commenced,
then left the Hall and are now staying away.
I ask whether it will be in order to take some
public notice of that fact by mentioning it as I
do now. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks by
unanimous consent it could be mentioned.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask unanimous
consent of the House to send for those gentle-
men as we sent for others under the call.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
The SPEAKER, the House, by unanimous
consent, can order that there be a special call
for thoe members. r
Mr. SCIIENCK. They cannot be sent tor,
I understand, except by unanimous consent
under this call ?
