1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8(t73
end of this road alone; it is a question that
concerns the entire commerce of the country;
it is a question that concerns every individual
who may travel upon the road ; and if the Sen-
ate will give me their attention for one minute I
will show why. Every train of cars that makes
the round trip between San Francisco and
Stockton will have to travel fifty-seven miles
increased distance but for this facility, and
each passenger will have to pay fare for going
round by San Jos6 to come into the city of San
Francisco. Give the authority provided by
this bill, and that distance will be saved; there-
fore it interests New England just as much as
it does California. It shortens the charge on
every ton of freight that crosses from the
Pacific ocean to the Atlantic by saving twenty-
two and a half miles in distance, making in
that item alone untold thousands a year to
the consumers of this country; and within the
coming decade there will be an aggregate
saving in freights alone of untold millions to
the consumers of this country.
In addition to all this, it gives a convenient
landing where any ship that comes from China
or any port will find water sufficient to unload
from its hold on to the very cars that are to
transport the products it bears across the con-
tinent.
I hope, therefore, that this bill will meet with
no opposition. The Senate will bear in mind
that no title is granted. It is a simple ease-
ment by consent of the War Department and
the commanding general to use no more of
this island, but as much of it as they will allow;
and the company, in order to make it avail-
able, must incur a very large outlay, which will
increase the value of the island, the title to
which still remains ill the hands of the Gov-
ernment. Let Senators remember that if the
island is worth millions now, as it is said, its
value will bo quadrupled when the company
have expended upon it from one to two mil-
lion dollars- to put it in a condition for them to
use it. Instead of decreasing the value of the
property this will enhance it fourfold. I
hope the Senate will now let us vote 011 this
question.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on thfe amendment of the Senator from
California [Mr. Cole] to the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. MORTON. I hope, Mr. President, the
amendment proposed by the Senatorfrom Cali-
fornia will bead opted. What is the objection now
to having the chief of engineers incorporated
in this bill and to require his opinion as to what
is demanded, as well as that of the General of
the Army ? It is certainly no disrespect to the
General of the Army to require the opinion
of the chief of engineers. It may be another
difficulty, however, in the way of this railroad
company seizing this island, and it seems that
every obstacle which is placed in the way of
the railroad company taking possession of this
island is to be objected to. I have no interest
in this matter one way or the other except as
I am opposed to the policy of giving away the
most valuable property belonging to the Uni-
ted States to railroad companies. I do not
see the necessity of doing this when they have
got to San Francisco. In the future develop-
ment of that city, which I think can now hardly
be estimated, this island may be of very great
value to the defense of the city, may be of
great value to the Government for many pur-
poses beside that of mere wharves. The Gov-
ernment has use for land and for property
there aside from the mere defense of the city
in time of war. Do we not know that ? And
yet we do that which is equivalent to giving
the title to it.
My friend from Nevada says that it is a mere
easement; but, Mr. President, it is a mere
easement under circumstances that amount to
a title except in the case of war. We allow
the company to go there and build their depots
and machine-shops and the houses necessary
for tlicir employes. They propose to expend
thousands, it may be millions, of dollars upon
the island. When they have done this they-
will have political influence enough and power
enough, in view of the money they have ex-
pended, to prevent the Government from tak-
ing possession of it except, perhaps, under the
most necessary or trying circumstances. I
regard it, and it must regarded, although it is
putin very smoothly here, as the granting away
of this island. That is what it amounts to, and
you cannot make anything else of it. Itresults
in that.
Mr. President, I have had occasion to admire
the adroitness with which this bill has been
drawn. It gives to the company the use of
this whole island except upon a certain nega-
tive condition; and what is that? Except so
much as may within one year from this time
"be designated by the General of the Army
of the United States, with the approval of the
Secretary of War, as not being required in
time of peace for military purposes." It is
put in the negative, very adroitly put in; and
whatever is necessary in time of peace for mil-
itary purposes is reserved. That is very little;
all the rest they are at liberty to build upon,
to cut up, to improve in any way that meets
their approbation; and we give them the right
to do this on all except that ■which is necessary
for military purposes in time of peace. When
war is threatened, and you propose to take
possession of the rest of the island, you find
it covered with depots and railroad tracks and
mechanic shops and other valuable and costly
improvements, and they will say, " You must
not disturb these things ; this is the terminus
of the great Pacific railroad; consequently the
Government must look somewhere else to find
a point of defense." We know what will be
the effect of that just as well as if it were done.
I am advised by those who know more about
this than I do a good deal, that this island is
now worth perhaps $1,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^ Five millions.
Mr. MORTON. It is worth a large sum,
and we are to-day in substance giving it to a
railroad company. We are giving it away in
aid of a corporation that now has as much
land as will make three or four such States as
the State of Indiana. We are never done
giving. There ought to be some limitation to
this policy. There is no use of a great hue
and cry about the Osage treaty and the Cherokee
neutral lands, and all that, when the Govern-
ment is continually, upon one pretense and
another, glossed over in one way and another,
giving away its most valuable property.
I think the amendment of the Senator from
California ought to be adopted. Let us have
the opinion of the chief of engineers as well
as that of the General of the Army, making it
his duty, as it is peculiarly within his province,
and not that of the General of the Army, to
examine and report as to how much of this
island is necessary to the country. Why, Mr.
President, there is covered up in this—and I
know that in saying this I am giving offense to
some of my friends 
Mr. CONNESS. I should think so.
Mr. MORTON. It does not make any dif-
ference in the matter of duty.
Mr. CONNESS. You will have a reply to it.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as a gen-
eral observation, whatever part of the island
is necessary for the defense of the city of San
Francisco in time of war is, or ought to be,
necessary in time of peace ; the Government
should have possession of it, should put it in
a position of defense ; but here we only reserve
so much as is necessary in time of peace, when
there is 110 danger.
Mr. CONNESS. Why, Mr. President, I
will have to correct the Senator 
Mr. MORTON. I will submit to correction.
Mr. CONNESS. The language which seems
to him so objectionable has already been
stricken out. The Senator does not appear
to have known of it.
Mr. MORTON. I think I did know it. The
bill reads :
As may, within one year from the time this act
shall take effect, be designated by the General of the
Army of tho United States, with the approval of the
Secretary of War, as not being required in time of
j peace for military purposes-; which privilege shall,
I however, bo suspendod whenever tho United States
shall be ongagred in war or in imminent danger
thereof, and notice of such determination shall be
given to said company, its successors or assigns, by
the Secretary of War.
The substantial thing is there yet; that is,
that this company shall havetull of this island
except that which is necessary for military
purposes in times of peace, with the privilege
on the part of the Government of doing—what?
Of resuming possession of the rest when it is
necessary in time of warl Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, that gives the Government no privilege
at all. The Government has that right now
with regard to every inch of soil in this coun-
try. It can take possession of my homestead,
or of yours, if it is necessary, in time of war
or in time of imminent danger, just as well as
it can take possession of the rest of this island.
Did not we all know that ? Therefore, reserv-
ing to the Government the right to resume pos-
session of this in time of war or danger amounts
to nothing. It is a little bit of a humbug put
into the bill for the purpose of making it pass.
Every Senator knows that the Government can
take possession of the whole of the island if it
needs it in lime of war. It can take posses-
sion of any other property in time of war that
it needs.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly. .
Mr. NYE. That being the ease, the honor-
able Senator assuming that it may become
necessary in time of war, I ask whether he
thinks it best to stop all progress in peace in
view of that emergency 1 I know very well
that the Senator's home or mine can be taken,
but would it be sound policy to have the Gov-
ernment occupy it now for fear such an emer-
gency might arise ?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if it is
necessary for the Government to occupy it now
to prepare for defense in time of war, they have
a right to take it. They have a right to take
your homestead or mine in time of profound
peace by paying its value.
Mr. NYE. So they have a right to take the
city of San Francisco and claim that it is neces-
sary to defend the harbor.
Mr. MORTON. And hence I say that the
reservation in this bill is a mere humbug. It
amounts to nothing. It would appear as if the
Government was reserving something out of
the grant, when it is reserving nothing at all.
But there is even a limitation upon that right
which would not exist if they were taking
ordinary private property, because they have
to give notice of it. The provision is that upon
giving notice the Government may resume
possession.
Mr. President, the Government can take
your homestead or mine without giving us a
day's notice if they deem it neccssary. The
substance of this bill, it being adroitly drawn,
is to give to this railroad company the great
body of this island ; we give them the right to
use it forever, except 
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Indiana
will allow me to say one word. I drew the
amendment reported by the committee with my
own hand-without consultation with any member
of the committee or any human being. When
he says it is adroitly drawn, thereby implying
j that it is dishonest, and lias as an object some-
thing which is not expressed 011 the face of it, let
me say, with all respect to that honorable Sena-
tor, he is grossly mistaken, and does gross injus-
tice to myself personally, a thing which I appre-
hend he would not be knowingly willing to do.
No, sir ; all that is granted by the amendment
of the committee under discussion ie the simple
privilege to this company to occupy and use so
much of this island as is not necessary for mili-
tary purposes in time of peace according to the
judgment of tho General of the Army and of
, the Secretary of War. If there is a certain
j portion of the island which is not necessary for
1 military structures in time of peace, why may
it not be used for other purposes in which the
