1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Vu in session. and why not thou have asked for bis
removal if it was dcsirca? It certainly was the inten-
tion of the legislative branch of the government to
place Cabiuot ministers beyond the power of execu-
tive rcmo\al, and it is prottywell understood that, so
f ir a? ^.l'Mnet ministers are affected b> the tcnure-
ot-olhce bill, 11 was intended specially to protcct the
Secretary of War, whom the country felt great confi-
dence ni. i he meaning of the iaw may bo explained
away by an astute lawyer, but common sen^e and the
views of loyal peoplo wilt giveto it the effect intended
by its framers.
Second, on the subject of the removal of the very
able commander of the fifth military district, let me
ask you to consider the effect it would have upon the
pubiic. He is universally and deservedly beloved by
the people who sustained this Government through its
trials, aud feared by those who would stUl bo one-
mies of the Government. It fell to the lot of but few
men to do as much against an armed enemy as Gen-
eral Sheridan did during the rebellion, and it is
within the scope of tho ability of but few in this or
any other country to do what he has. His civil ad-
ministration has riven equal satisfaction. He has
had difficulties to contcnd with which no other dis-
trict commander has encouutered. Almost, if not
quite, from the day he was appointed district com-
mander to the present time the press has given out
that he was to bo removed—that the Administration
was dissatisfied with him. This has emboldened the
opponents to the laws of Congress within his com-
mand to oppose him in every way in their power,
and has rendered necessary measures which other-
wise may never have been necessary.
In conclusion, allow me to say. as a friend desiring
eace and quiet, the welfare of the whole country,
^ irth and South, that it is, in my opinion, more
than the loyal people of this eountry (I mean those
wno supported the Government during the great
rebellion; will quietly submit to. to see tho very men
of a>l others whom they have expressed confidence in
removed. I would not have taken the liberty of
addressing tho Executive of the United States thus
but for the conversation on the subject alluded to in
this letter, and from a sense of duty, feeling that I
know I am right in this matter.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
TJ. S. GRANT,
. General.
His Excellency Asdkkv Jokbsox,
, President of the United Statu.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving the refer-
ence and printing of the papers I ask the
Clerk to read another paper, indorsing Gen-
eral Sheridan.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. WOOD asked
that all the papers be read.
The SPEAKER. The one referred to will
be read first.
Among the papers is a letter to General
Grant from Major General Sheridan, dated
New Orleans, January 25, 18G7, in relation to
matters in Texas, and particularly referring to
the condition of Union men and freedmen in
different parts of the State, which he says is
truly horrible. He says the Government is
denounced, freedmen are shot, and Unionmen
are persecuted if they have the temerity to ex-
press their opinions, ie.
This letter General Grant indorses as fol-
lows :
[Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War.]
Headquarters Abmy or the United States,
January 20,1867.
Attention is invited to that portion of the within
communication which refrrs to the condition of
Union men and freedmen in Texas, and to the pow-
erlessness of the military io the present state of
affairs to afford them protection. Even the moral
effect of the presence of troops is passing away, and a
few days ago a squad of soldiers on duty was fired on
by citizens in Brownsville. In my opinion the great
number of murders of Union men and freedmen in
Texas, not only as a rul unpuni?hed, but uninvest-
igated, constitute practically a state of insurrection;
and believing it to be the provinee andduty of every
good Government to afford protection to the lives,
liberty, and property of her citizens, I would recom-
mend the declaration of martial law in Texas to
secure these ends.
The necessity for governing any portion of our ter-
ritory by martini law is to bedejilorcd. If resorted
to it should be limited in its authority, and should
leave all local authorities and civil tribunals free
and unobstructed until they prove their inefficiency
or unwillingness to perform their duties.
Martial law would give security, or comparatively
so. to all classes of cititens, without regard to race, ,
color, or political opinions, and could be continued
until society was capable of protecting itself, or until
the State is returned to its full relation with the j
Union. ,
The application of martial law to one of these
States would be a warning to all, and, if necessary, ,
could be extended to others.
U. S. GRANT, General.
No action was had by the civil authorities .
upon the foregoing recommendation. j
Mr. BROOKS. I would inquire if there is |
anything in the document from General Meade, I
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. Ifi.
military commander of New England, frota
Massachusetts, and especially the gentleman's
district, relative to a horrible affair—a ren-
contre between gamblers and the authorities,
wherein many persons were killed ? j
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not know to what the
gentleman alludes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate until
all the papers are read.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print is
debatable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We want the document
read, and the gentleman cannot interrupt the .
reading.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has the right to the floor. I
Mr. DAWES. I avail myself of onlysomuch
of my time to assure the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] in order to quiet his fears
and apprehensions, that the people, not only
of my district, but of the State of Massachu-
setts, are law-abiding and law-loving; and if
there has been any such instance of outrage
they are competent and willing to enforce the
law against any violation of it. I wish I could
say as much for the gentleman's city. j
Mr. BROOKS. Do your people desire mar- i
tial law? j
Mr. DAWTES. If martial law be necessary '
for the citizens in Massachusetts, that law-lov-
ing and law-abiding people will submit to it;
but in the history and experience of Massa- j
chusetts there has never been any occasion j
for martial law since the attempt by one third j
of the people of this Union to overthrow the j
Government, encouraged and sustained by peo-
ple in the gentleman's own district and by the
Governor of his own State, who addressed Ihem ;
as "My friends." I now move the reference
of these papers to the Committee on Military i
Affairs, and that they be printed; and on that
motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not expect hira to yield,
i That is the way of discussing matters here.
! Mr. PRUYN. After the attack which has
been made upon one of the most distinguished
citizens of our country I ask leave to say a word.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no; I hope I have not
hurt my friend's feelings.
Mr. PRUYN. Only so far that yon have
made an entire misstatement.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Clerk will read the papers.
The Clerk proceeded to read the document.
Mr. INGERSOLL, (interrupting.) Is it in
order to move to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. That motion is always in
order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopemy
colleague will withdraw that motion and let us
dispose of this matter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I insist on the motion
to adjourn. You can hear it read to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no ; let us hear it read
to-night.
The question was taken on Mr. Ingersoll's
motion, and the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask if there is
a quorum here.
i'he SPEAKER. It is too late to make
tfiat point.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, the Chair allowed
the gentleman from Illinois to interrupt the
reading for a motion to adjourn, and surely I
have a right to interrupt it to inquire if there
is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. How would the Chair
answer the question 1
Mr. RANDALL. Why, biycounting. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. Unless it is positively stated
that a quorum is not present, the Chair is not
required to count. The Clerk will resume the
reading.
Mr. HIGBY. As business has intervened,
I move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinka no
business has intervened.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to dispense with
the further reading, and I ?sk for a count on
that motion.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Ei.dridge] demanded tho reading, and ho has
a right to demand the reading of the entire
document.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection to
that part of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is very good reading.
They have read all from General Grant, and
now ^ want to hear something from General
Andrew Johnson. [Laughter.]
The Clerk again resumed the reading.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, (interrupting.) I have
heard now a communication from General An-
drew Johnson and I am quite satisfied. Unless
our friends on the other side desire the further
reading, I withdraw the demand.
The communication and the accompanying
documents were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled " An act
to extend the warehousing system by estab-
lishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
PUBLICATION OF THE LAWS.
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the publication of
the laws ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
TIIE TAX ON HEMP.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Rexolved, That tho Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
removing the present tax of five per cent, on all
articles manufactured out of hempgrowji and man-
ufactured in the United States, and report by bill
or otherwise.
And then, on motion of Mr. INGERSOLL,
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: A memorial of John
Warren, journalist, a naturalized citizen of the
United States, now a prisoner in Dublin, Ire-
land, where he has been confined for five months
upon a charge, wEich is alleged to be false, pf
complicity in crime committed in England at
a time when he was known and acknowledged
to be in the United States, asking that the Gov-
ernment of the United States may vindicate the
rights of American citizens abroad who are
guilty of no crime, and its own honor in the
pledge given to naturalized citizens for their
protection.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Edwin
Hines and others, praying Congress to make
an appropriation for paying the reward to the
fourth Michigan cavalry for the capture of
Jeff. Davis.
By Mr. GARFIELD: Thepetition of Captain
A. F. Rockwell, for change of date of muster.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa: Thepetition
of citizens of Iowa, asking for a mail route from
Sac City to Carroll City, Iowa.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of Hugh
McCluey, for payment of property confiscated
in the State of Missouri.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The proceedings of a
meeting at Vincennes, Indiana, praying that
more efficient protection be extended to natu-
ralized citizens while traveling in Europe and
elsewhere abroad.
By Mr. ROBINSON: Thepetition ofPatrick
Smith for a pension.
