1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
nm
lost everything in the bloody arbitrament of the
field of battle. Letus, then,frame ourmeasures
on principles that will endure the criticism of
ages, and regardless of the nominee of theDem-
ocratic party for the Presidency. If they want
a shin-plaster candidate let them trot him out.
We can do better.
The first section of this bill, providing for a
loan at an interest not exceeding five per cent,
per annum, it seems to me desirable to pass,
and the argument of the Senator from Ohio in
its favor leaves little to be added. I wish there
was nothing to subtract. If we had taken a dif-
ferent course, and first tried to reestablish our
credit on an impregnable foundation and restore
the currency to a sound condition, it would have
been more in harmony with my ideas of what our
circumstances require; and I still think it would
have given us greater advantages in funding our
national debt at a lower rate of interest. But
the discussion of the subject here and elsewhere
has disclosed such an exuberance of contra-
dictory theories, some of which, for our own
eredit, it might have been better to have sup-
pressed,that I have reached the conclusion a
loan at five per cent, at the present time is the
best that we can new negotiate, and that unless
this shall be accepted we must continue for some
time longer to pay our present high rates of in-
terest. This, if accepted, will give us a prompt
relief to the extent of about seventeen or eight-
een million dollars annually. With a territory
of such vast extent as that of the ITnited States,
requiring enormous sums ($1,500,000,000, for
instance, in railroads) for its magnificent works
of development, affording endless fields for indi-
vidual enterprise, the seat of unrivaled boldness
in mining, commerce, and manufactures, the
home of young agriculturists who, with bond
and mortgage, may and do purchase and culti-
vate large estates, it may well be questioned
whether a debt of the dimensions of that of the
United States can be carried at a less rate of
interest than five per cent, per annum at any
time, and, if it ever can be, that time has cer-
tainly not yet arrived. A comparatively new
country, destitute of the accumulated and fixed
capital of many generations, but having the
advantage of a constant and rapid increase in
population and in the value of real estate, must
always submit to high rates of interest. On
the Pacific coast interest is much higher than
it is in the Mississippi valley; it is higher in the
Mississippi valley than on the Atlantic coast;
it is higher in Australia than at Hong Kong or
Bombay, and it is and must long remain higher
in America than in Europe. The rate offered
by this bill is but a trifle more than what is
paid by the oldest and staunchest Governments
of Europe. We may wish our wealth and
credit were equal to the supply of all the other
wants of the country and to a subscription to
the amount of our national debt on terms a
shade better; but under present circumstances,
not yet recovered from the exhaustion of war
and its merciless destruction of capital, nor yet
relieved of the uncertainty of paper money,
it is a wish beyond the hope of fulfillment.
Among other reasons in behalf of this section
of the bill are these: that it would tend to con-
solidate several loans of divers descriptions into
one of uniform, easily known, and permanent
character; and most important of all, as before
intimated, it is likely to secure to the people at
once a large reduction—to the extent of one
sixth part of the sum we are now paying for
interest—of the burden of carrying the public
debt. If we meet all our engagements in ac-
cordance wi th the highest tests ©f national honor,
and open the door for all of our own people as
well as the world to accept of our terms, I do
not see why our credit should not command
capital at a less rate than six per cent. As an
inducement and as a full equivalent for the
reduction, we offer a longer loan in lieu of
short loans, and to (hose seeking^ permanent
investments the longest loan is found to be
far the most saleable. The value of long loans
is liable to very little fluctuation, and such will
be sought by insurance companies, savings in-
stitutions, by trustees, and by those in search of
fixed annuities for widows and minor children.
The extension of the time of the loan (and if
not long enough it should be made longer) ap-
pears to me as sufficient compensation alone
to induce the holders of our present indebted-
ness to make the-exchange now proposed, and
I seorn to excite the fears of those who trusted
this great nation when its credit was at the
lowest ebb by the suggestion that the distin-
guished Attorney Skimpin is of the opinion
that all the Government paper out is suspected
of being no better than it should be, or that
Sergeant Buzfuz thinks it was issued without
any valid consideration.
The rate of five per cent, interest with ex-
emption from taxation is doubtless preferable
to six per cent., with a concession to the States
of the right of taxation to the extent of one
per cent., as the whole amount is saved to the
General Government without cost or diminu-
tion by the reduction; while by the latter mode,
even with the most rigid scrutiny, a consider-
able part of the bonds, and all held abroad,
would escape local taxation through accidental
or designed concealment or through alien own-
ership. A round sum saved at once and abso-
lutely would be far better than an attempt
to catch an equivalent from a thousand and
one driveling driblets. The General Govern-
ment might surrender to the States the right
of taxation, but it can do so only to its own
great disadvantage, and, in seasons of disloy-
alty, only to its imminent peril. By granting
the power of taxation to States it would sur-
render not only its sovereignty but the ability
to obtain a cheap loan ; and whenever a ma- j
jority hostile to the Union should prevail in
any State or section their legislation would not
fail to drive home upon the loyal States the
whole weight of carrying the national debt.
Such a concession is without precedent in our
history or the history of other nations, and
under any circumstances it would make the
General Government subordinate to that of the
States, and that could not, under present cir-
cumstances, for a moment be safely tolerated.
It would also carry our debt abroad, and it is
not desirable to contribute to that end. Earn-
ing money in one country and spending it in
some other is the sum of all the evils of ab-
senteeism. We must have some parties for
our creditors. Abuse of those we have will
not win others to our support.
Beyond all else, the paramount object sought
is to relieve the people (individually and col-
lectively) of taxation. If we relieve them from
national taxation they can by so much the bet-
ter support State taxation, and it is even more
important, at the present juncture of affairs,
that the General Government shoul d bear lightly
upon the people than that it should step in to
the support of the several States, whose credit
has not been strained and whose people cannot
fail to recognize equal and probably much
more relief by a positive reduction of taxation
in the aggregate than by a slight local increase
of possibly taxable property.
Rather, then, than to be charged with the
imbecility of doing nothing and regarding this
proposition as not unreasonable, 1 have yet to
hear any sound arguments againsts its adoption.
The holders of the five-twenty bonds will find
in the bill an option, to exchange for the new
loan or not, and no speech can withdraw it or
subject the United States in dealing with their
creditors to the charge of duress.
The section of this bill authorizing the legal
enforcement of special contracts for coin com-
mends itself to our attention and favor because
it will remove a most embarrassing and unne-
cessary clog upon trade. The application of
the law which makes paper a legal tender for
all contracts, in spite of all stipulations to the
contrary, is not only unjust but practically so
inconvenient that merchants have been com-
pelled to openly disregard the letter of the law
and rely upon mercantile honor for the fulfill-
ment of large, varied, and constantly increas-
ing transactions, unsafe and difficult to conduct
on any other basis than that of coin or that
of a fixed and recognized standard of value I
throughout the world. So long as the court*
are compelled to enforce the universality of
legal tenders, and pronounce a dollar in paper
in all its attributes the equal of a dollar in
gold, allowing any knave who promises gold to
pay in paper, so long gold must seek hiding
places; but repeal even one of the disabilities
inlpased upon its circulation and some part of
it will be restored and vitalized again in the
chief markets of the country; it will again be
received on deposit in banks, and checked
upon when required for use. The more busi-
ness actually done with gold the less will re-
main to be done with paper, and the sooner
can any excess of the latter be retired. Its
operation will harm nobody. Tea and coffee
sold by the cargo in gold will not be made
dearer thereby, but the cheaper rather to the
retail purchaser. Knavery will no longer be able
to find shelter under the law for the delivery
of a stone when the contract calls for bread.
The provision in section three of the bill to
appropriate a fixed amount of §135,000,000
for the payment of the interest and principal
of the public debt sustains the American idea
of an ultimate extinguishment of the debt, and
is intended to take the place of the early pledge
made by Congress to set apart one per cent, of
all loans as a permanent sinking fund. There
is wisdom, also, as it appears to me, in the
details by which the amount devoted to the
payment of the principal of the public debt,
small at first, will be gradually, and year by
year, increased as reduction takes place. The
only apparent objection to the plan is, that on
so large a debt $5,000,000—all there will at
first be left after paying the interest—seems a
small payment. Our last national debt, with
less than half our present population,was paid
off at the rate of $10,000,000 a year. It is very
possible that we might, with more propriety,
start with the payment of interest and a some-
what larger amount of the principal of the
debt; but, should the loan at five per cent, suc-
ceed, a more satisfactory rate of reduction
would soon bo reached. This move points
clearly in the right direction, and will, to some
extent,- give strength to our securities.
I wish there was more in the measures now
before the Senate, to which no objection had
suggested itself to my mind; but a careful
scrutiny as to all the remainder will bring out,
as it seems to me, in despite of the able and
ingenious arguments that have been and will
be made in their behalf, sufficient reasons why
they should not be adopted.
The severest trial to which the Government
of our country can be subjected is yet before
us. Adversity in all its various shapes may be
overcome, lived down, and conquered; but
prosperity or full-grown success is a condi-
tion—like that of fruit fully ripe, not easily to
be preserved, not to be made better—where
any change is likely to be for the worse, and
where poor human nature finds it most difficult
to stand or to move onward with a wholesome
prudence and an unclouded judgment and
without a fall from its high estate.
Wo have put down and so liumblod rebels—
and the proudest rebels that ever banded to-
gether in such numbers and for such wicked
purposes—that their present condition excites
even the sympathy of those whom they so re-
cently met on the most sanguinary fields of bat-
tle. The rebel spirit may yet flicker or blaze
out from the ashes of the ruins—ruins by
rebels provoked; but the physical power to re-
sist the will of the nation has been crushed
forever. Here our peril begins, lest prodigals
shall be restored, with their unworthiness ex-
alted, instead of being repented of and cured,
to positions endangering our paternal Union;
and that the victors, in their unparalleled
clemency, may find too late they have warmed
to life a viper in the very bosom of the Republic.
Happily, while wo were engaged hand to
hand in a most desperate conflict with domes-
tic foes, foreign nations were only
""Willing to wound and yet afraid to strike;"
and now they need no further proof that our
just rights cannot be assailed with impunity.
