242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
NOTICB OF A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule :
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin: A bill
to relieve James L. Alcorn, of Mississippi, from
political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 18, 1867. j
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D. ;
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. • !
contingent expenses. |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Senate, giving a detailed statement of the pay-
ments from the contingent fund for the year
ending December 2, 1867; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
library op congress.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the annual re-
port of the Librarian on the condition of the i
Library of Congress for the year ending Decern- 1
ber 1, 1867, and I am instructed by the joint
Committee on the Library to offer the follow-
ing resolution in relation to the printing of the
report, to be referred to the Committee on
Printing: I
Resolved, That the usual number of copies of the
report of the Librarian of Congress for the present
year be printed for the information of the Senate,
and three hundred copies extra for the use of the
Library.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Printing, under the rule.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will present, by unanimous consent, a memo-
rial from a committee of several counties in the
State of Arkansas, setting forth the utter des-
titution of the people in several of those coun-
ties, and fearing in consequence of it that there
will be an outbreak and violence there. This is
a memorial directed to the Governor of that
State and by him transmitted to the Presiding
Officer of the Senate. As it is not addressed
to the Senate it does not come within the rule,
I believe, but by common consent it will be
laid before the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
if there be no objection.
The paper was so referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also pre-
sented the memorial of the Board of Trade, of
Norfolk, Virginia, praying for the repeal of
the tax on cotton ; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
James Schouler, guardian of the children of
Edward Sullivan, late a soldier, asking for a
change in the bounty law so as to give the
additional bounty to the heirs of soldiers
who have died before receiving it; which was
ordered to lie on the table, the Senate having
acted on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a number of
memorials from members of the bar of differ-
ent counties of the northern district of Ohio
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
now pending in the Senate to provide for hold-
ing annually two terms of the district court,
one in Cleveland and one in Toledo. As this
subject is before the Judiciary Committee I
move the reference of these memorials to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Matilda M. Muir, widow of David Muir, of
company B second Rhode Island infantry,
prating that she may receive a pension and
additional bounty; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HENDERSON presented resolutions of
the Union Merchants' Exchange of St. Louis,
Missouri, indorsing the memorial of the stock-
holders of the Central Branch Union Pacific
Railroad Company, heretofore presented; which
were referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Henry
Koehn, praying to be allowed damages for the
occupation of his property by United States
troops in Ormsby county, Nevada ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
Samuel N. Salomon, praying relief and indem-
nification for moneys advanced to the Govern-
ment and its agents during the revolutionary
war by his grandfather, Haym Salomon; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Benjamin
Tiiley be withdrawn from the files of the Senato and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
bills introduced.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 79) to amend an act entitled
"An act to expedite and regulate the printing
of public documents, and for other purposes,"
approved June 25, 1864; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and byunanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
210) supplementary to the several acts in rela-
tion to the reconstruction of the rebel States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 211) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for a district and circuit court of the
United States for the district of the State of
Nebraska, and for other purposes;" which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed. *
reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to Twhom was referred a report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance With a resolution of the Senate
of 12th of April last, information in relation
to the employment of an attorney to represent
that Department in the Court of Claims in
certain cases, have instructed me to report it
back, and ask to be discharged from its further
consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred a resolution to inquire
whether West Virginia is one of the States of
the United States, and whether the act "to
protect all persons in the United States in
their civil rights" is a constitutional and valid
law, and whether the constitutional amend-
ment known as article thirteen is or is not a
part of the Constitution, have instructed me to
report it back to the Senate, and ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, on the
ground that these are questions that have been
passed upon by the Senate, and the committee
can give no further information in regard,to
them.
Mr. SUMNER. The committee have no
doubt in regard to them ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 105) relating to the selection of juries in
the several courts in the District of Columbia,
have instructed me to report it back, and rec-
ommend that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the bill indefinitely.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that had better lie
on the table; I should like to look at the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over
under the rule.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 102) providing for the forma-
tion of corporations and regulating the same
in the District of Columbia, reported it with
|! amendments.
| Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on the Dis-
' trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 143) to regulate the selection of
officers in the city of Washington, and for other
purposes, have had the same under considera-
1 tion, and directed me to report it back with
sundry amendments. I should like to call the
I attention of the Senate to this bill. There are
! many citizens of the District who are anxious
for its passage even before the holidays, and
if there is no objection I -shall call it up to-
morrow.
funding of public debt.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
' a motion to print additional copies of the report
! of the Committee on Finance, with the bill (S.
No. 207) for funding the national debt and for
the conversion of the notes of the United States,
to report a resolution, and I ask for its present
j consideration.
j By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
I Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
! the report of the Committee on Finance on the sub-
jectof the public debt, taxation, and the redemption
and conversion of tho United States notes and legal-
tender currency, be printed with the accompanying
bill, (S. No. 207.)
district jail.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am instructed by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia to report a joint resolution
in relation to the erection of a jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and to ask that it be put on
its passage.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) was read
a first time by its title, and passed to a second
reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be read for the information of
the Senate.
The Secretary read the joint resolution,
which directs the Secretary of the Interior to
suspend all work upon the jail to be erected in
the District of Columbia under the act of Con-
gress approved July 25, 1866, and the'amend-
ment thereto, approved March 2, 1867, until the
farther direction of Congress, and also directs
the-Treasurer of the United States to withhold
the payment of any money appropriated for the
erection of the jail until such further action of
Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire asks for the present
consideration of this resolution. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. NYE. I think it had better lie over.
It is a matter of some importance.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to make a statement in relation
to it.
Mr. SUMNER, and others. Let it be passed
now.
Mr. NYE. I should like to have an oppor-
tunity to look into it. If there are contracts
outstanding the Government may be involved
to a large amount.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. A
petition was introduced into the Senate at the
opening of the session 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If objec-
tion is made that is the end ot the resolution
for to-day. It lies over under the rule.
phonetic spelling.
Mr. MORGAN. There is upon the table a
concurrent, resolution passed by the House of
Representatives at the last session, and which
was sent hereon the 18th of July last, in rela-
tion to the practicability and expediency of
adopting the phonetic system of spelling in
the schools and in general literature. I move
that that resolution be taken from the table
and referred to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
