126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
60 . OF REPS.
Report 011 Southern Railroads.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
within two years, credit being allowed to them on
. the first of each month for any service of military
■ transportation rendered by them during the preced-
ing month, at the established rates now allowed to
northern railroads for suoh service.
Full reports of all sales under* this order will be
made to the War Department from time to time, as
required by existing orders.
The serviceable railroad iron in possession of the
quartermaster's department at Chattanooga and
Nashville is excepted. It will be sold oaly for cash,
at the prices fixed by the "War Department.
By order of the President:
EDWIN M. STAOTOtf,
~ ^ Secretary of War,
Major General Geoege II. Thomas,
Commanding Military Division of the Tennessee,
Nashville^ Tennessee.
The following is a copy of the bonds re-
quired under said orders, the amount in each
case to be double the valuation of the property
sold and delivered, and which will be found on
pages 461 and 462 of report No. 84, to wit:
Bond.
Know all men by thoso presents that the——— Bail-
road Company, duly incorporated by the act of the
•——— of the Stata of by — , its president,
acting for and in behalf of said railroad company, do
hereby acknowledge itself and its successors held and
firmly bound unto the UnitedStatea of America in the
lull and just sum of dollars, lawful money of
the United States; for which payment, well and truly
I? ■, to the disbursing quartermaster of the
United States military railroads athis ofiicein Nash-
ville or to such other disbursing quartermaster as may
be designated by the War Department within two
years trom the date of these presents, the said rail-
road company, by its president, hereby binds itself
and its successors firmly by these prosents.
Sealed with its corporate seal, attested by the sig-
nature of its president, and allixed by the express
authority of its dircctois, this day of , in tho
year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and
sixty, (186 .)
The nature of the above obligation is such that,
whereas the above bounden railroad company has
purchased and received, or shall reccive, from the
W ar Department of the United States, rolling stock,
iron rails, cross-ties, chairs, spikes, timber, and other
materials for repairing and operating its railroad, in
quantities, at prices, and to an amount and value,
which shall be evidenced by tho receipts givon for
the same by the said railroad company to thoproper
officer of the said War Department upon a credit of
two years from the date of these presents, payable
in equal monthly installments, with interest, at tho
rate of seven and three tenths per cent, per annum,
withm tho said two years, either in eaali to the dis-
bursing quartermaster of tho United {States military
railroads at his office in Nashville, or to ^uch other
disbursing quartermaster as may bo designated for
this purpose by the War Department, or xntransporta-
tion ot the troops or military supplies of the United
states, under the orders of tho proper military au-
thorities, at the rates of lore and tolls allowed for
such service to northern railroads; and
Whereas the said railroad company deiires, and by
these presents intends, to secure to the United States
the complete and punctual payment as aforesaid of
the amounts which may be due for the said materials
received or to be received by it from tho United
otates:
Now, therefore, if the said railroad company shall
Well and truly pay as aforesaid, cither in cash, in
equal monthly installments, or in transportation as
aforesaid to the United States within two years from
the date of these presents, all that shall be due as
atoresaid to the United States on account and in pay-
ment for all the materials received as aforesaid from
tho United States, then this obligation shall be void
and of no effect.
But if the said railroad company shall fail to pay to
the united States all or any portion of what may be
due to the United States on account of the mid ma-
terialspreceivedfrom the United States within two
years from the date of these presents either in cash
ms aforesaid, or m transportation as aforesaid, or shall
tail to pay any of the monthly installments aforesaid
&"?®t?„alJy,,w£°i1 due<,thjn this obligation shall re-
main in full force and effect to the extent that may
iw®iiSSary l" ,a!ly ,rel"W ,to tbe United States for
tho tall:amount which may be due on account of the
„,o e:ck - ? so received aforesaid, and all loss or
damage which may have been incurred by the Uni-
tedbtates by reason of the said railroad company's
w^?on<\1k!y i® ,wllat sl>all be due there-
for when the same shall be due; and, as a further se-
sSlile •?'indemnity to the United
States, the United States shall have a lien upon the
property sold to said company, and in default of such
complete and punctual payment of all moneys which
may bo due on account of tho aforesaid purchase of
S°cnn '-^e fui]y authorized to take possess"©** of
and sell said property, and also to place in charge and
contisol ot the said company's railroad an agent of the
said U nitedStates, who shall be fully empowered and
by these presents is fully empowered, in case of such
default as aforesaid, to collect all the revenues of the
said company, and apply the sametothe paymentto
the united states of ail the moneys which shall be
due at the time of such application of such revenues .
to the United btates for any such materials which
shall have beendelivered by the United States to the
said railroad company, or by reason of any loss or in-
jury to the United States resulting from such default
m payment of the same. And the said company shall
nave 110 authority to sell or convey out of its posses-
sion, without the consent ot the United States first in
writing obtained, any of tho property referred to in
this agreement; but shall hold and retain the same to
toe exclusive use of said company in carrying on the
business of transportation of persons and property
over its line and road until the whole is fully paid for
as aforesaid.
In witness whereof, the corporate seal of said rail-
road company is affixed hereto, by authority of its
directors, and attested by its president.
Witness: ——.
The executive order of 14th October, 18G5,
modifies that of 8th August by dispensing with
individual security which had been required by
General Thomas, and extends its provisions
from "railroads in the State of Tennessee and'
their continuations in adjoining States to all rail-
roads within the limits of General Thomas's
command," which was the department of the
Cumberland.
And on page 275 of Report No. 34 Secre
tary Stanton testifies:
"I think all the railroads in the rebel States have
been surrendered under the executive order of
August 8,186o, and its modifieations which appear in
the Quartermaster General's report."
And on page 38, Report No. 34, General Mc-
Callum says:
" The United States military railroads were trans-
ferred by executive ordor of August 8,1S65, to tho
original owners."
From paragraph throe of said executive
order of 8th of August, 18G5, it will be per-
ceived that "separate inventories" were re-
quired^ of the rolling stock and other prop-
erty originally belonging to each of said roads''
and " that furnished by and belonging to the
Government;" and, from paragraph four, that
each company was to be required to give
bond for payment of a fair valuation of the
Government property turned over." There-
fore that order contemplated that property
"originally belonging to said roads," although
captured property, should not be considered
"Government property," and it was not in-
cluded in the amounts for which bonds were
required and given.
J. B. Hoxie, superintendent of the East
Tennessee and Virginia road, on pago 39 of
IceportNo. 34, testilies:
'The stock that^had originally belonged to tho
companies was very much mixed up and scattered
about over the country." "The companies were al-
lowed to-go and get it wherever they could find it."
in every instance where we could prove it satisfac-
torily to the Government those cars were struck off
tuc list charged against us."
On page 148 of Report No. 34, Brevet Colonel
Francis J. Crilly, assistant quartermaster Uni-
ted States Army, Washipgton city, testifies he
had "charge of turning over the roads in the
military division of the Mississippi;" was "on
duty then as chief quartermaster of military
railroads in the Southwest," and that "the
property, such as engines, &c., that could be
identified as belonging to a particular road,
was returned."
Assistant Quartermaster S. R. Hamill, Wash-
ington city, who, as assistant chief quarter-
master at Nashville, Tennessee, assisted in
turning over said property to the railroad com-
panies, testifies on page 179 of Report No. 34:
"The bonds were for property turned over merely,
exclusive of improvements."
And, on page 180:
" The roads were simply surrendered to the owners
and they were charged with such property as they
chose to buy and give bonds for."
On page 278, Report No. 34, Michael Burns,
president of the Nashville and Chattanooga
road, and likewise of the Nashville and North-
western road, testifies:
"They (the Government) restored ovcrythina I
could claim or swear to."
On page 5 of Report No. 3 the president of
the Richmond and Danville Railroad Com-
pany, and also the president of the Richmond
and Piedmont Railroad Company, testifies:
" From fifteen to twenty-five locomotives were on
the road prior to our purchasofrom the Government •
I some of them had been for ten years on the road'
and on the termination of the war they were given
' back to the Company without any equivalent oreon-
sideration." "-The rolling stock of the company
taken by the United States Government and restored
again must have been worth from three to tour hun-
dred thousand dollars, exclusive of what was on the
Piedmont road and returned."
A1 though the testimony is very fall and clear
on this point, the committee will not here quote
more, as it' cannot be denied that all railroads
and railroad property were restored and no
compensation required by the Government.
But for the benefit of those who desire to read
interesting statements on this point the com-
mittee refer to the following additional pages
of Report No. 3, to wit: 6, 8, 10, 14, 17, 18,
21, 23, 24, 27, 30, 33,40,41, 45, 53, 64, 75, 76,
107.
fairly valued.
The testimony discloses the fact that this
" Government property" sold to the roads was
appraised by experienced railroad men at a fair
cash valuation. On page 84 of Report No. 34
Major General George H. Thomas testifies:
"I selected three of the most'distinguished rail-
road men throughout the country that I knew of,
with an officer of the Army, and a recorder, who was
also an officer of the Army, to make this appraise-
ment," &c. "I have every reason to believe that the
appraisal was very fair."
freelt kestored.
Thus this fact is arrived at: that twenty-
five hundred and thirty-eight miles of railroad
track, originally belonging to forty-two differ-
ent railroads in the late rebel States, actually
seized, possessed, and used, together with a
very large amount of rolling stock, all cap-
tured property, that had been used against
the Government, have been restored, freely,
without money and without price, to those
enemies who had so used it against the Gov-
ernment; and that over seven million dollars'
worth of rolling stock (almost seven and a half
millions) to equip their roads, has been sold by
the Government, for their promises to pay, to
those who had so used their former means.
" Treason is made odious" by a surrender^ a
restoration of this vast amount of wealth, of
productive wealth, tothe most influential-par-
ticipants in the rebellion; not only productive
wealth, but, in the language of General Meigs,
most powerful and efficient instruments of
war'"—to the traitorous enemy from whom
they were seized because they were powerful
and important instruments of war; to an en-
emy,conquered to be sure, but still claiming
the right to rule in the Government they had
then but recently failed for want of strength to
destroy.
webb used in aid of t3ie rebellion, and volun-
tarily.
It is an important fact that should not be
lost sight of, not only that this vast amount of
property restored had been used in aid of the
rebellion, but used voluntarily by and for those
in sympathy with the rebellion, of which, apart
from the familiar history of the war, there is
abundant testimony.
To substantiate this statement, the commit-
tee extract the following testimony, from Re-
port_No. 3, of railroad officers, directors, &e.,
in the South, summoned as they could be
found, to wit:
On page 2 the president of the Richmond
and Danville Railroad Company, and also of
the Richmond and Piedmont Railroad Com-
pany, testifies:
far,a? 1 in/ormed all railroads in the South
were used m aul of the rebellion." "I think the
companies were all disposed to aid, as far as I know."
.-P1! Page "i A® general superintendent of the
V irgmia Central railroad testifies:
tolrj think there were any roads in Virginia
«so ot;,b« continued to be operated by tho
tn fhil^1rCjrs' i presume the service rendered
to the confederate government was voluntary." "I
believe in my mind that all the railroads were heart-
ily m that matter. 4 I know (page 9) all railroad
men m \ irgmia, some in North Carolina, a few ia
iennessee. and I meet a few other southern railroad
men occasionally." "None of them would admit,
during the war, that they were loyal to the United
otates trovernment. Some of them were accused of
