1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3675
ing their terminus at this island, it would be
the duty of Congress, in my opinion, to mod-
ify their charter, as we have a right to do, and
compel them to reduce the length of route,
because it diminishes the tax on freight across
this continent to that extent; this shortening
of the line would enable the trade passing from
ocean to ocean to reach deep water at a point
that much nearer.
But, Mr. President, there is another reason
why Congress ought to compel this company
to put the terminus of this road at this island,
or some other such place. At this point the
terminus of the road will bo at deep water,
where ocean-going steamers and other ships
can float up to the depots of the company and
put off and take on freight directly from the
cars. If we are left to the old lineallthe freight
that crosses the continent on this road will be
compelled to go through the corporation of
San Francisco, and be subject to the expenses
of handling and cartage incident to the trans-
portation through a great commercial city.
Everybody knows the great tax this will neces-
sarily involve, not only to private freight but
to the freight of the Government. Why, sir,
in the shipment of ordnance and other muni-
tions of war it seems to me it is our duty to
secure such a line of transportation as will
enable it to be done with the least handling
and least cost.
This project, beyond doubt, will shorten the
lino very materially and enable the company to
put the terminus of the road at deep water,
where all this freight can be received and re-
shipped without this handling and cartage.
We believe the Government has a title to
the island. It therefore has a right to permit
this company to build its road to the island.
It will involve a considerable expense to the
company : but the incidental advantage to the
whole community, it seems to me, ought to
induce Congress to compel them to build the
road to the spot indicated and put their term-
inus there for the reasons 1 have stated, and I
can see no reason whatever to the contrary. It
diminishes the tax on trade—on the immense
freight for the Government as well as for pri-
vate individuals—across the continent. There
is not a single fact stated by the Senator from
Indiana, as it seems to me, thatought to weigh
to the amount of a feather against these great
public reasons.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like very much
to hear the report read which is on the table.
Mr. COLE. I feel it obligatory on me to
correct the statements of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. IIarlan. J They are certainly very
erroneous in the particular of the distances.
He says that this will shorten the distance to
reach deep water at San Francisco one hun-
dred miles. That is certainly a very egregious
error. It will shorten the distance a mile or
two and no more. The water in front of the
main land opposite San Francisco is not deep
out for a mile or two, and will be built out
eventually to within a mile or two of this
island!
This is a question as to whether this island
is necessary for the defense of the city and
harbor of San Francisco. That is the point in
which I consider it. Itdoes not make so much
difference in point of distance as to whether
the road terminates on some portion of the
island or upon the main land. Nor does it
make so much difference whether they reach
this point on the bay or whether they go around
to San Francisco. Even that could not make
a difference of one hundred miles nor forty
miles nor thirty miles. This is all a mistake
about the distance to be saved.
Mr. HAKLAN. I have only this to say:
I judge in the first place by the maps that are
on file in the Interior Department, which it
became my official duty to examine carefully
at one time, and I have only stated the judg-
ment I arrived at from an examination of those
maps, and that is verified by a statement, of the
Senator's colleague. Ho confirms my judg-
ment in the matter, and says it will at. least,
shorten the line one hundred miles. But the
Senator's remark reminds me of another fact.
This railroad will be compelled to connect with
a private railroad if it goes on the old line
and has no terminus of its own at the ocean ;
and the freight across this continent, therefore,
would be saved the taxation of that private
corporation; but if they are permitted to build
this branch road at their own expense and
make their terminus at deep water, thus evad-
ing that possible taxation by that private cor-
poration, as well as the expense of shipping
everything through the corporation of San
Francisco.
Mr. COLE. There is certainly nothing in
the way of building the road to the shore of
the mainland and out into deep water opposite
San Francisco, in case they choose t.o stop there,
rather than to go to this island. However, I
am quite willing that this company shall have
their depot and place of transhipment upon
the island of Yerba Buena; but the statements
made in reference to the great advantage that
it will be to the Pacific railroad cannot be sus-
tained by the fact, as anyone willsee who will
take occasion to look at the maps of" the country.
To be sure, if they were to follow the original
law of the Pacific and Western and San Jos6
railroad and go by San Jose, it would increase
the distance perhaps some thirty-seven miles ;
but that is much further than there is any neces-
sity for any railroad going to reach the city of
San Fra cisco. San Jos6, which is the pres-
ent terminus of the Pacific railroad, is far out
of the way. Unquestionably a Pacific railroad
will be built, and this railroad will build this
line down to the city of Oakland, which is
opposite San Francisco, and out into the bay,
anil perhaps upon this island; and I am quite
willing that they shall provided itdoes not inter-
fere with the harbor and city of Sail Francisco.
But 1 do not see how it will save any distance
more than about two miles at the utmost by
stopping upon this island or by stopping short
of the island. I only make this statement for
the purpose of correcting the statement made
by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask what
is the distance from San Francisco to the main
land there?
Mr. COLE. It is some six or seven miles,
if my recollection serves me, and to the end
of a road now built much less.
Mr. STEWART. I mean to the island,
actually built. Is it not over ten miles?
Mr. COLE. The distance from San Fran-
cisco to this island is less than two miles, and
the distance from the island to the main land
is about three or four miles. But wharves are
already built away out into the bay toward the
island, and railroad cars are now running out
upon those wharves, and that they will event-
ually reach the island I have no question.
This company will have the privilege of reach-
ing the main land and the island m this way,
and will not be interfered with at all. There
is nothing in the laws of California to prevent
them from pursuing such a course. They can
pursue any course they choose in reference to
the location of their road.
Mr. CONFESS. 1 am a little astonished
at some of the statements of my colleague. It
must be known to him that the Western Pacific
Railroad Company located the route of its
road via San J os6 to San Francisco, and that
the distance between San Francisco and San
Jos6 is fifty miles ; and that the line is short-
ened, and very largely shortened, by the pro-
posed route. But my colleague raises a new
issue, one not referred to by the honorable
Senator from Iowa, namely : that there is but
a short distance gained should the depot be
made on the Oakland side of San Francisco
bay, or at the island of Yerba Buena. tie is
technically right in that; but thatlia.s not been
raised heretofore. He tells us in the same
breath that there is a railroad now pointing to
Yerba Buena Island, and that it will event-
ually reach there, and this company can
undoubtedly go there. I suppose they can if
they buy that railroad and wait until that rail-
road shall have reached the island ; but it is
my colleague's statement simply that they will
reach the island. They have no right to reach
it without the permission that this bill pro-
poses to give; and I confess I am astonished
that my colleague should offer opposition to
the location at deep tide-water of the terminus
of this great trans-continental road. I do not
wish to extend the discussion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rose at the same time
with the Senator from Maine to call for the
reading of the report in this case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read, as fol-
lows:
"Report by George II. Elliot, G. H. Mendell, and
B. S. Alexander, officers of engineers, to General A.
A. Humphreys, chief of engineers, of an examination
of Yerba Buena Island, showing its importance as a
military defense to the harbor of San Francisco"  
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not the report
I called for. I wish to hear the report of the
committee that reported the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. The bill was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, I will
say to the honorable Senator, and reported with
an amendment as bills generally are, without
any accompanying printed report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No statement of the
character of this island, its extent, location,
and value?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; but the commit-
tee very fully examined that matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I must say, in view of
the character of this bill, that the committee
ask us to take a good deal on faith. Here is
an island about which most of the Senators do
not know very much—perhaps an island of
one hundred acres, or five hundred acres. I
have no information On that subject. Its exact
location, how it is to be approached, what it
is worth, what its peculiar features are, and in
what regard it is important to individuals or to
the country, these are questions upon which
we have no statement from the committee ask-
ing us to give support to this bill. I submit
that is asking a good deal of the confidence of
the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will give way
and allow that report, which is in the hands of
the Secretary-—■
Mr. CONNESS. It is a very lengthy one.
Mr. HOWE. Its reading was called for by
the Seaator lrom Maine, and I thought if that
was read it would explain it.
Mr. MORTON. It may be very important,
too.
Mr. CONNESS. I have not the slightest
objection, if the Senate want it read. 1 have
read it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The report to which
the Senator from Wisconsin refers is from the
military officers. It has to do only with the
military features of the question. Now, sir,
some time ago, during the session, there was
laid upon our tables a remonstrance of some
citizen of California, settiug up a private right
in his own favor, i do not know whether the
claim made by that person to the island, or a
.portion of it, has been considered by the com-
mittee or not; but it was proper that it should
have been considered before we came to vote
upon the bill. I agree in very much that my
colleague has said about it. Perhaps there is
a statement of the question which will remove
the objections to the bill. But this is said to
be a very large grant that is being made to
this road. Some gentlemen have said to me
that it was very difficult to estimate the value
of this island. They place it at millions of
dollars. One gentleman went so far as to say
that it was the most valuable piece ot ground
in the world in view of the future ot this
country.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Indiana
give way while I call his attention, and the
attention of the Senate, to what seems to me
to be the point of the case? I think it will
shorten the debate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am always more glad
to hear the Senator from Wisconsin than my-
self.
