1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
40th Cons....2d Bess.
Iteport on Southern Railroads.
Ho. op Reps.
it, I was accused of it myself, but I know I was not.
Thoseparties here who are now loudest in their pro-
fessions of Unionism were as active confederates as
any during the war. Of course there are socio ex-
ceptions."
On page 12 the president of the Virginia
Central railroad testifies:
"Employment, so far as the confederate govern-
ment was concerned, was the transportation of troops
backward and forward and munitions of war." "It
was never a question whether tho companies were
willing or not." "I cannot say I know an instance
where the services had to be compelled by the con-
federate government." "I have a general^acquaint-
anee with railroad men in Virginia." 'I do not
think I know any leading railroad men, presidents
and other officers, who were called during the rebel-
lion loyal to the United States Government."
On page 13, the treasurer of the Richmond
and York River railroad testifies:
" I think the service was voluntary." " They per-
formed for the confederate government every service
they could possibly perform in the transportation of
troops and munitions of war."
On pages 1G and 17 the superintendent of
the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac
railroad testifies:
"Southern railroads were operated by the man-
agers of the roads in the transportation of troops and
munitions of war." " I think, as a general thing, the
service was voluntary."
On page 19 the president of the Richmond
and Petersburg railroad testifies:
"As to services being voluntary the question was
never brought up. There was no resistance what-
ever. The general impression in Virginia, as a
matter of course, was that every individual owed his
allegiance to the State first of all, and therefore
when the State gave instructions our citizens gave
the matter acquiescencc."
On page 22 the treasurer of the Richmond,
Fredericksburg and Potomac railroad testifies :
"The roads of the South during the rebellion were
in charge of their officers," &c. "All the services
were rendered to the confederate government that
were required of them in the transportation of troops
and munitions of war." "It may bo said to have
been done voluntarily." "I know nearly all rail-
road officers in Virginia and some in other States."
44Idonot know any who were regarded as loyal to
the United States Government during the rebel-
lion."
On pages 23, 24, and 25 the president of the
Northeastern railroad, South Carolina, testi-
fies :
" Southern railroads were loft entirely under the
direction of their officers, more or less under mili-
tary supervision. The roads were used for thepur-
poseof generaltransportation as well as in the trans-
portation of troops and supplies." "It was never
necessary for the confederate authorities to resort to
force to compel service." "I am familiar with rail-
road presidents and officers of railroads in this State,
more or less." "Ido not think I am acquainted with
any who were considered loyal to the United States
Government during the rebellion."
Onpage 29 the superintendent of the Charles-
ton and Savannah railroad testifies :
"Ido not know that lean mention any instance
in which resistance was shown by those who con-
trolled the roads." " I do not know that I know of
any men here connected with railroads who were
loyal, in your meaning, to the United States Gov-
ernment."
On page 32 the president of tlie South Car-
olina railroad testifies:
"Tho roads were not taken out of the hands of
theirowners." "The services rendered forthe rebel
government were the transportation of troops, sup-
plies, and munitions of war." " I do not know any
instance in which resistance was manifested by those
controlling the roads to those requirements." "My
company rendered (page 36) a cheerful acquiescence
to all tho requirements of the rebel authorities."
"My acquaintance (page 34) is reasonably extensive
with railroad officers in this and in the adjoining
States." "I do not know a railroad president who
was not doing precisely what I did."
On pages 39, 40, and 42 the president of
the Georgia Central railroad, at Savannah,
Georgia, testifies:
" So far as I know, southern railroads were oper-
ated during the rebellion by the officers of the com-
panies elected by the stockholders." " They trans-
ported troops and supplies upon the orders of the
then authorities." "I cannot state any instance in
which service was refused by any road because the
officers of the road were opposed to the rebellion."
" I cannot say that I can give the name of any offi-
cer of a railroad who was considered or called loyal
or known by general reputation to have been dur-
ing the rebellion loyal to the United States Govern-
ment." "I do not know any stockholder who did
not generally acquiesce in the action of the State
after it had decided on its course; but I do know
atockholders who were opposed to the rebellion and
who never believed that it would succeed." " But
they afterward acquiescedin the rebellion." "These
were what we understand here as Union men." "I
take itforgranted that those in the North were loyal
to the United States Government. Those in the
South, I presume, were as the southern people gen-
erally were."
On pages 43 and 44 the secretary and treas-
urer of the Atlantic and Gulf railroad testi-
fies :
"During the rebellion the road was operated by
the company exclusively/' "Performed all the ser-
vices required of it in the transportation of troops
and supplies." "There was nothing compulsory."
" I do not know any railroad officers who were loyal
to the United States Government during the rebel-
lion."
On page 48 the master of transportation of
the Georgia Central railroad testifies:
"I can hardly say I know of any opposition ever
having been manifested to a military order of tho
rebel government for railroad service in consequence
of opposition to the rebellion." " I cannot say I op-
posed the rebellion." "Ihave an extensive acquaint-
ance with other railroad officers in this and the
adjoining States." "I know many who thought
that the rebellion was a very indiscreet thing; but
I do not know that I can say exactly that they were
loyal to the United States Government." " So iar as I
know there was a general acquiescence in the rebel-
lion." "Ido not mean to say a general sympathy,
but a general acquiescence."
On pages 51 and 52 the President of the
Macon and Western road testifies :
"The road was used in the transportation of sup-
plies for the confederate government and for who-
ever desired it to do business for them, just the same
as before the war." "I know of no instance in which
it was necessary to use force." "We were willing to
take all the freight offered to us." "An account was
kept with the confederate government, but very little
of it was paid."
On pages 55 and 56 the president of the
Southwestern railroad of Georgia testifies:
" I do not remember any case of any resistance hav-
ing been made to the rebel government by any of the
roads." "Wo transported provisions for the confed-
erate government." "You will find all railroad men
wore opposed to secession." "They were very quiet/'
" Certainly, they all acquiesced."
On pages 57 and 58 the president of the
Macon and Brunswick railroad testifies:
"At the beginning of the rebellion their services
were rendered voluntarily; no doubt about that;"
" in tho transportation of troops and supplies." " I
really do not know of any railroad officers who were
loyal to th© United States Government during the
rebellion."
On page 60 the master of transportation at
Atlanta of the Western and Atlantic railroad
testifies:
"No; it was not necessary to resort to forcc to
secure their services." " It transported troops and
munitions of war," &e. "My acquaintance is exten-
sive with railroad officers in this and adjoining
States." "I do not think I do know any who were
loyal to the United States Government during the
rebellion."
But why quote more testimony on this point?
It is invariably of the same import, if not the
same language, from railroad oificers, &c., who
resided during the rebellion in the late rebel
States. The committee have quoted on this
point, as the testimony presented itself, in Re-
port No. 3; and the curious may proceed and
will find the remaining testimony of the very
same character on this point 5 and they refer
to pages 62, 63, 74, 77, 78, 79, 81, 86, 92, 9G,
105, 106, 110, 115.
This positive and uncontradicted testimony
as to the use of this property in aid of the
rebellion, voluntarily on the part of presidents,
directors, and stockholders of railroads, re-
moves the necessity for relying upon the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United
States expressed in the prize cases, 2 Black,
pages 666, 667-8, that—
" Persons residing in the rebel States at anytime
during the civil war must bo considered as enemies
during such residence, without regard to their per-
sonal sentiments or dispositions."
■who responsible?
It may be well for the House to know who is
or are responsible, directly or indirectly, to be
chargcd or to be credited, in public estimation,
for these orders restoring such property.
The first record correspondence 011 the sub-
ject of the surrender of captured railroads and
rolling stock to the original companies is a
letter of Quartermaster General M. C. Meigs
to Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
dated 19th May, 1865, which is here copied
from pages 451 and 452 of said report of testi-
mony, No. 34, as follows:
Letter of the Quartermaster General, dated May 19,
1863, proposing and recommending to the Secretary of
War a plan or basis upon which the transfer of Uni-
ted States military railroads might be effected.
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington, May 19,1865.
* $ * £ # sis sfc $$ $$
The question of the disposition of the railroads in
the States lately in rebellion is a large one, and after
reflection I have the honor to advise that the follow-
wing principles be established to govern the action
of the quartermaster's department and of the military
authorities in disposing of ail of them:
1. The United States will, as soon as it can dis-
pense with the military occupation and control of
any road of which the quartermaster's department
is now in charge, turn it over to the parties asking
to receive it, who may appear to nave the best
claim and be able to operate it in such manner as to
secure the speedy movement of all military stores
arrd troops; the Quartermaster General, upon the
advice of the military commander of the depart-
ment, to determine when this can be'done, subject
to the approval of the Sccrotary of War.
2. No charge to be made against the railroad for
expense of material or expense of operation.
3. All materials for permanent way used in the
repairs and construction of the road and all dam-
aged material of this class which may be left along
its route, having been thrown there during the oper-
ations of destruction or repair, to be considered as
part of the road and given up with it.
4. No payment or credit to be given to the rail-
road for its occupation or use by the United States
during the continuance of the military necessity
which compelled tho United States to take posses-
sion ot it by capture from tho public enemy. Tho
recovery of the road from the public enemy and its
return to loyal owners, with the vast expenditure of
defense and repair, are a full equivalent for its use.
5. All movable property, including rolling stock
of all kinds, the property of the United States, to bo
sold at auction, after full public notice, to the highest
bidder.
6. All rolling stock and material, the property
before the war of railroads and captured by the
forces of the United States, to bo placed at the dis-
posal of the road which originally owned it, and to
be given up to these roads as soon as it can be spared
and they appear by proper agents authorized to re-
ceive it.
7. When a State has a board of public works able
and willing to take charge of its railroads, the rail-
roads in possession of the quartermaster's depart-
ment to be given up to the board of public^ works,
leaving it to tho State authorities and to the judicial
tribunals to regulate all questions of property be-
tween rival boards, agents, or stockholders,
8. Iloads not being operated by the United States
quartermaster's department not to he interfered with
unless under military necessity. Such roads to bo
left in possession of such persons as may now have
possession, subject only to thoremoval of such agents,
director, president, superintendent, or operative who
has not taken the oath of allegiance to the United
States, which lule should be rigidly enforced.
9. When tho superintendents in actual possession
dcclino to take such oath some competent person to
be appointed as receiver of the railroad, who shall
administer the affairs of the road and account for its
receipts to the board of directors, who may be form-
ally recognized as the legal and loyal board of man-
agers. This receiver to be appointed, as in the case
oi' other abandoned property, by the Treasury De-
partment.
10. I recommend that the Governor of the State
of Virginia be informed that the War Department
will interpose no obstacle to the board of public
works of the State taking possession of all the rail-
roads in the State not in use and occupation of the
military forces of the United States by the quarter-
master's department, and that as soon as the military
occupation of any of these roads can be safely dis-
pensed with the road will be transferred to the charge
of the board of public works.
; Io some of these States the State is a large bond-
holder m the roads, and though there may be in such
States no board of public works, it is probable that
the State authorities will bo willing to receive and
take charge of the road; if not, receivers should be
appointed by the Treasuiy Department, upon appli-
cation of the War Department, to take charge of
them as abandoned property.
I have tho honor to be, very respectfully.
M. C. MEIGS,
Quartermaster General and Brevet Major General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
A true copy.
ALEXANDER BLISS,
Brevet Colonel United Slates Army.
The next correspondence is a letter from same
Quartermaster General to same Secretary of
\Var, dated 17th July, 1805, as appears on page
458 of Report No. 84, as follows
Quartf.rmasteb Gknkrals Office,
washington, d. c., July 17, lot>5.
Sir: I submit herewith an estimate for funds re-
quired by the disbursing officer for railroads at &ash-
villo, Tennessee.
