1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2651
The question was taken on agreeing to the
resolution of Mr. Buoomall; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 27; not
voting 71; as follows:
YEAS~Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Benton,
Bingham, Blatr, Broomall, Butler, Cary, Churchill,
Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Co'ourn, Co-
vodc, Culloin, Dixon, Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs, Eg-
gleston, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Halscy, Harding,
Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubhard,
Hunter, Ingcrsoll. Jenekes, .3 vuUl, Julian, Ketcham,
Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marvin, McCarthy, MeClurg, Mercur, Miller,Moore,
Moovhead, Movrell, Mullins, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Prieo, Rauin, Robeitson, Sawyer, Schenek,
Seofield, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith, Starkweather,
Aaion F. Steven?, Stewart, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, John Tiiinble, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, and John T.
W ilson—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Bcclr, Boyer, Burr,
Eldridge, Gtetz, Ulossbrenner. Golladay, Haight,
Hotchkiss, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Niblaek, Peters,
Randall, Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
and Van Trump—21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Benja-
min, Blaine, Boutwell,Bromwell,Brooks,Buekland,
Cake, Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Kekley, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Gravely, Gris-
wold,Grover, Hawkins, Ho I man, AsahelW. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Huiburd, Humphrey, Jones,
Kelley, ICelsev, Kitchen, Laflin, Marshall, Maynard,
MeConniek, MeCullough, Morgan, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Nicholson, Nunn, Phelps,Pike,Pomeroy.Pruyn,
Robinson, Ross, Shanks,Sitgreaves,Spalding,Thad-
deus Stevens, Taber, Twichell, Van Aernatn, Van
Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry i). Washburn, William B. Washburn,
James F. Wilson, StephenF. Wilson, Windom,Wood,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—71.
So tile resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER. Further proceedings under
the (tall are dispensed with, subject to the con-
ditions of the resolution. The question now
recurs on the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Burii,] that the resolution re-
ported by the select committee be laid on the
table, on which no quorum voted. The Door-
keeper will open the doors.
Mr. BURR. Further proceedings under the
call having been dispensed with, J move that
the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the motion. Under the rule adopted
this afternoon it cannot be entertained until
the resolution is disposed of.
Mr. BARNES. I desire to offer a resolution
which 1 send to the Chair.
Mr. MULLINS and others objected.
Mr. WOOD. Is it in order to move to post-
pone?
The SPEAKER. It is not, under the rule
adopted by the House. Two propositionsare
pending, namely, on agreeing to the resolution,
and on laying the resolution on the table. The
Clerk will again call the roll.
The question was again taken on laying the
resolution on the table ; and it was decided in
the uegative—yeas 28, nays 97, not voting 64;
as follows:
YFAS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Beck, Bover,
Brooksr Burr, Cary, Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrenner,
Golladay, Haight, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Kerr. Knott,
McCormick, Morgan, Nicholson, Phelps, Randall,
Sitgreaves, Stewart. Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Trump, and Wood—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Benton. Bingham,
Blair, Boutwell. Broomall, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Covode. Cul-
lom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggle-
ston, Ela, Ferriss. Ferry, Fields. Garfieid, Hal&ev,
Haiding. Higby, Hill. Hooper, Hopkins. Chester D.
Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoil, Jenekes, Judd, Julian,
Ketcham, lvoontz, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch. Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mer-
eur Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morroll, Mullins,
Nuweomb, Nnnn, O'Neill. Orth, Paine. Perham,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Raum, Robeit-
son. Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Selye, Shellabarger,
Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
"Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert'!. Van Horn, Ward,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Woodbridge—97.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Barnum,
Benjamin, Blaine, Bromwell. Buekland, Butler,
Oako, Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Eekley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Fmney, Fox, Gravely. Griswold, Grover,
Hawkins, Holman, Asahel W. Huhbard. Richard D.
Hubbard, Huiburd, Humphrey, Jones, Kelley, Kel-
■ sey. Kitchen, Laflin, Marshall, Maynard, MeCul-
lough, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Niblaek, Peters,
Pike, Potneroy, Pruyn, Robinson, Ross, Shanks,
Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Taber, Twiehell, Van
Aernam, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elihu B. Waskburne, Henry D. Washbu*n, William
B. Washburn, James 1\ Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windoui, and Woodward—64.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs under
the operation of the previous question. Will
the House agree to the resolution ?
Mr. BURR. I renew the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain that motion on the grounds already
staled.
Mr. MULLINS. Is notthis a contempt of
the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain it on the further ground that the
House has decided on au appeal that that
decision was correct. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the resolution if they are
insisted on.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We feel that we are sub-
dued. We cannot resist any longer. We have
resisted to the utmost of our ability.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there be no
objection, the call of the yeas and nays will
be dispensed with. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
recusant witness.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish now to report the
second resolution to the House, and I desire
to say, in the hearing of the House, that I wish
to report the resolution pro forma, have it
passed pro and printed in the Globe,
and a motion to reconsider entered, with the
further statement that on to-morrow, after the
reading of the Journal, I shall claim my hour
under the rules to discuss the resolution on the
motion to reconsider—and I hope the House
will not deny it to me—with the intention of
allowing sueh gentlemen as desire to engage
in the discussion on both sides of the House to
occupy a portion of my time, so that the case
may be heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that under the rules,
if the motion to reconsider is pending when
the House adjourns, he will be entitled to one
hour, whether the House consents or not. It
is his right.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no condition
obligatory npon me in regard to this matter
further than this, that I stated when the dis-
cussion arose—and, I believe, with the gen-
eral consent of the committee—that it was our
purpose to allow some discussion on the sec-
ond resolution, becauseit is in accordance
with the universal practice and usage in this
country, inasmuch as it protects the liberties
of the citizens of the Republic. And it ought
to be apparent to gentlemen that there is this
advantage in having the resolution thus pre-
sented now and passed upon and the motion
to reconsider entered, that it will apear in the
Globe to-morrow morning, so that gentlemen
can come to the discussion of the question with
some fair understanding of the recitals ol the
preamble touching the testimony taken, not
only of the witness in question, but of others
whom he himself named and referred to, as well
as others with whom he ivas m association m
regard to this whole question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to raise the same
question of order with reference to this resolu-
tion that I raised with reference to the other,
that the committee have no right to report the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided,
and the House have sustained that decision on
an appeal and by the yeas and nays, that the
House having given the committee all the rights
and privileges which were granted to the man-
agers they have a right to report resolutions.
The Chair makes the same decision now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed that would
be the decision.
Mr. BURR. I wish to asl? the gentleman
from Ohio whether the course proposed by
him limits all discussion on the resolution to
one hour?
Mr. BINGHAM. It does, unless the House
shall allow the time to be extended, and for
my own part I think the House would be satis-
fied if the final vote should be taken, without
any delay, on the resolution at two o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER. No; that would breakup
the whole day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Ohio that under the order
made by the House at one o'clock to-morrow
the. members who were absent on the call of
the House, and who have not been excused,
are to be brought, to ihe bar of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 shall not insist on it;
I only made the suggestion. An hour is al-
lowed me under the rules, and that is all I can
say about it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman to propose that the resolution
shall be considered as agreed to and a.motion
to reconsider pending, whereupon he will move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes,.sir.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. WOOD. Let the preamble and reso-
lution be read.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no necessity for
that at this late hour. It will appear in the
Globe to-morrow.
Mr. WOOD. I will withdraw my call for
the reading of the resolution.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I desire to hear it read.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolution,
as follows:
Whereas Charles W. Woolley has been brought
before the committee and the following questions
proposed to him by the committee, to wit:
" Question. The committee desiie to know whether
on the 6th of May you telegiaphed over the Mgnatuie
of'Hooker' to Sheridan Shi.ok, 'My business is ad-
justed. Place ten to my eiedit with Gillis, Hainey
& Co., No. 24 Broad street?'
"Question. Did you also telegraph to Sheridan
Shook, over the signature of ' Hooker,' on thcl'-Mi of
May, 'The five should be had. It may be absolutely
necessary?" "
Whieh questions Woolley declined to answer, m
the words following, to wit:
" This is a private and confidential communication,
passing between counsel and client. ltbusrelerenee
to business in that relation and to nothing else, and
hasno reference whatever to the trial of thoPresnl nt
on the articles of impeachment preferred against him,
nor to the conduct or result of the trial, nor the voto
of any persons on the trial, nor any allusion thereto
whatever. That is my answer."
And whereas Sheridan Shook, the party to whom
said supposed confidential and privileged communi-
cations are alleged to have been sent, has been ex-
amined by your committee and testified as follows in
regard to the money mentioned in said telegram:
"By Mr. Butler: '
"Question. Do you know Charles W. Woolley?
"Answer. 1 do. .
"Question. How long have you known him .'
"Answer. I do not think I have known him over a
y""Question. Have you had business relations with
"Answer. Very little, if any. I^do not know that
I ever had any transaction with Kim.
"Question. Did licdeposit in your hands la.-t Sun-
day night, anv sum ol money?
"Auiwer. No, sir.
"Question. Or during tlie day Sunday?
Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Has lie everdepositcd any sumof money
in your hands?
"Answer. I may have borrowed fifty or a hundred
dollars of him at a time; hut he has placed no sum
of money in my hands.
"Question. Have you seen him lately ? „
"Anyuer. I have, not seen him since the Sunday of
whieh you speak."
And whereas upon the same, subject the saia vv ool-
ley has testified before your committee as lollows:
[From the testimony of C. W. Woolley, May 19,186S.J
" By Mr. Butlkr : , ,
" Question. Have you deposited any moiiuj, and
where, since that time, i.e., May S?
" Answer. Not in any bank. , .
" Question. Have you with any individual.'
"Answer. No, sir, , , -
■' Question. Then why do you say not m any
ba"Answer. Because it is not to my credit in any
bank.
