3676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. HOWE. The Senator misunderstands
me. I do not rise for the purpose of discuss-
ing the bill. I rise for the purpose of calling
his attention and that of the Senate to the point
in the bill as it is presented to me now, ana it is
this: it is of no consequence what the intrinsic
value of the island is, whether it is $100,000
or $100,000,000; it is not worth anything to
the United States for the purposes of sale,
simply because as I understand—I have not
the evidence, because that paper is not read,
aud I have not read it—but I understand the
military authorities say that we must have it
for military purposes in case of war. There-
fore, in time of peace it is not worth anything
to us. We cannot sell it, and we do not want
to occupy it. If we do, and the War Office
says so, then the company take no privileges.
That being the situation of the island, the bill
says that the railway company may have the
privilege of occupying so much of it as the
War Office does not want. Occupy it how
long? Until the War Office says, " War is at
hand, or is imminentand when they say that,
then this privilege of occupying by the railroad
company is gone, and we take possession of
it with all the fixtures upon it, and occupy it
for our purposes. Now, if it is worth $100-
000,000 it is of no more consequence to us,
since we will not sell it. If we were in a con-
dition to sell it, then I should want to sell it
to this company, or whoever would give most
for it; but if we cannot sell it, and do not
want to use it, why not let this railroad com-
pany use it? That is the point, as it strikes me,
in the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not construe this
grant as the Senator from Wisconsin does. I
do not think it is an occupancy at will. I think
it is an agreement on the part of the Govern-
ment that if the railroad company shall take
possession of this island and improve it by the
crection of such structures as are necessary in
connection with the road that that occupaucy
shall be perpetually subject to just one thing:
that if war shall comeduring the war the Gov-
ernment may resume the occupancy ; but ill
resuming the occupancy the Government be-
comes the tenant of the railroad company, and
is to pay the railroad company for the use of
its improvements.
Mr. STEWART. That is stricken out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well. Then with-
out paying rent the Government has the right,
to resume the possession pending the war.
There is no provision on the subject of rent, I
believe. That would raise a question simply
whether the Government would be bound
under the circumstances to pay rent or not
without an express contract on the subject,
lint the provision is, that the Government may
resume the possession during the war, to be
returned of course to the company at the close
of the war; so that as between the Govern-
ment and the company it is a grant perpetual,
amounting to a grant in fee. As neither is
supposed to have a life, both being perpetual,
that is the effect of it.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the attention of the Sen-
ator to the language of the bill, and see if it
is not simply this: if it grants anything more
than the privilege to the company to occupy
this island when we do not want to occupy it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It means much more
than that. It means just this, that the Gov-
ernment says to this company, " You may go
and take possession of that island, and you
may improve it, and you may occupy it subject
to the will of the Government in case of war."
It is not a tenancy at will. It is an agreement
to a continued occupancy.
Mr. CONNESS. If my friend will permit
me, the Senator from Maine on my right [Mr.
Fessenden] has got some amendments touch-
ing this very point which he will offer, and
which will be entirely acceptable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very much grati-
fied that the Senator says that it will all be
acceptable and satisfactory then. I do not
know, but if it is so with him it ought to be
with all other wise men, but some of us are so
stupid perhaps as not to be able to see it. I
want to know something about it before a
grant of this sort is made ; and I think the
demand made by Senators who wish to know
something about it is but reasonable. I think
the committee ought to have accompanied this
bill with an elaborate report, giving us all the
facts. If this is to result in a shorter line be-
tween San Francisco and the Missouri river
we should have been informed how it was pro-
posed to be done, so that we should know
something about it. If it is to be a mere
gratuity because Congress can make it, let us
know that. I think the Senate has not been
called upon to vote for so important a bill as
this upon so little information since I came
into the body. We are literally without inform-
ation except so far as it is furnished from
the War Department, and that report is adverse
to this occupancy, as I understand. That
report takes the ground that the entire island—
I have not read it, and perhaps I ought not
to refer to it—may become important for mili-
tary purposes for the ordinary defense of the
coast.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will look
into the bill he will discover that if the Secre-
tary of War and the General of the Army are
of the opinion that the whole of the island is
requisite for military purposes then this bill
will have no effect at all; then it will all be
retained still for military purposes, il'he com-
pany ask only so much of the island as those
officers shall determine is not necessary for
warlike purposes in time of peace.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California [Mr. Coi.e] to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the amend-
ment to the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
line sixteen, after the word "by," to insert
"the chief of engineers and;" so as it will
read, ''be designated by the chief of engineers
and the General of the Army of the United
States, with the approval of the Secretary of
War.''
Mr. CONNESS. My only objection to that
is that the chief of engineers is a subordinate
to the General of the Army and to the Secre-
tary of War, and therefore I do not want that
amendment inserted.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. I do not wish to spend time
about it, but it is perfectly obvious that the
course that will be pursued in regard to this
will be that the Secretary of War and the Gen-
eral of the Army will- direct an engineer to
make out a report in regard to this island, and
they will base their judgment upon the inform-
ation which they will thus derive from a sub-
ordinate officer. It is not expected that they
will go in person and iuspect the island and
survey it personally. I do not think it worth
while to leave such a power as this to a subor-
dinate officer. No part of the island would
be subjected to this privilege under this bill if
the engineer who has already decided against
it should be put upon the board, because his
vote would balance that of the General of the
Army, and no action could be taken upon it at
all. It would utterly defeat it.
Mr. COLE. As a general proposition it is
true the chief of engineers is subordinate to
the General of the Army and the Secretary of
War ; but be is not subordinate to those offi-
cers in his particular sphere. If we give him
a voice in this matter equal with them he will
have as much voice in it as they will have, and
as he is the proper officer to determine this
question I insist upon the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. One word more. Is it
possible that the honorable Senatorfrom Cali-
fornia can desire the engineer to constitute one
of the judges of this case when he has already
predetermined the question against the com-
pany and come to the conclusion that no part
of the island can be spared for this purpose ?
He is not a fit person to judge in such a case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The suggestion of the
Senator from Michigan induces rue to ask him
whether the engineer is of the opinion that
this entire island is important for the military
defenses in that locality ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that if be will have the report read 
Mr. CONNESS. It is very long.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not call for it;
but I will state that when this matter was sug-
gested a commission was appointed of military
men of the engineer department to make a sur-
vey and report to the engineer office. They
made, as they say, a careful survey, which is
set out, and they report their own judgment
that it is not best to have anything done with
it; that it is all needed for military purposes,
and that this grant will interfere with those
purposes. Thatistheir opinion; whether right
or wrong I am not engineer enough to say.
But one thing that they say struck me with
a good deal of force, and I should like to have
some gentleman explain it. They say that the
navigation there on the other side of this island,
I suppose, as near as I can get at it, is now
difficult on account of the force of the current;
that vessels, especially sailing vessels, meet
with great difficulty at times on account of the
force of the current in going up to the city, I
suppose, and that the effect of building this
causeway and bridge will be seriously to increase
the force of that current and thus seriously
impede navigation. They consider that of so
much importance that they make it as one of
their principal objections. In ease this grant
is made, I suppose it will be necessary to build
solid for a very considerable distance where
the water flows, and probably an open bridge
for some distance—I do not know how far; but,
at any rate, the engineers sa.y that the effect of
that construction there will be seriously to affect
navigation on account of the inevitable effect
which will be produced by increasing the force
of the current. I know nothing about it except
what I see by that report; and I meant to
inquire, before we got through, of some gen-
tlemen learned in these matters how they will
answer that argument, because it struck me us
an argument of some consequence, for there is
a great deal of navigation there.
Mr. CONNESS. It does not affect this
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know it does not
affect this amendment, but it affects the main
question.
Mr. MORTON. It is somewhat remarkable
that the only information which the Senate has
oti this subject is a report of engineers of the
War Department, who have reported ag- nst
the measure, and this bill is to be forced thruugh
here right in the face of that report. It is
objected that the report is too long to be read ;
but the Seuate is called upon to vote away this
island in tin face of an uncontradicted report
made by a board of engineers. That is all
there is of it-
Mr. HOWARD. The Senate is to vote away
no part of the island.
Mr. MORION. That is a difference of
opinion.
Mr. HOWARD. Neither title nor privilege.
It will depend entirely upon the judgment of the
General of the Army and the Secretary of War
whether the company shall have a particle of
this island.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes six, noes not counted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " be,"
at the end of the nineteenth lino, the words
"terminable at the pleasure of Congress, or
maybe;" so that it will read:
Which privilege shall, however, be terminable at
the pleasure of Congress, or may be suspended when-
ever the United States shall be engaged in war, &<;.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move further to amend
the bill by inserting after the word "as," at
the end of line forty-one, the words "to author-
ize or grant any subsidy or land for any road
