2652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May '29,
"By Mr. Wilson:
** Question. What do you mean by that answer?
"Answer. I mean to say that 1 have not put it in a
bank. I gave it to an individual who was owing me
in New York and told him to keep that money until
I arrived there.
"By Mr. Butler:
"Question. Who was that individual?
"Anmcr. Sheridan Shook.
" Question. Iiow much money did j ou give Sheridan
Shook?
"Answer, I think between sixteen and seventeon
thousand dollars, as near as I can get it.
" Question. In what?
"Answer. Greenbacks, I think.
"Question, What denomination of greenbacks?
"Answer. Big bills; I cannot tell you. There may
have been some SoOO bills. I think in one package
I gave him some small bills.
"Question. When did you give this to Shoridan
Shook?
".Answer. Sunday.
" Question. At what time ?
"Answer. In the afternoon; I cannot tell the
hour.
"Question, Before or aftor you were summoned
here ?
"Answer. Before, I think.
"Question. For what purpose did you give it to
Sheridan Shook?
"Answer. For bufe keeping for me as an individual.
Let me correct mjseli there. I gave that money to
Shook to take ovei to !New York to Keep ior me till
  day or two, when I intended to go to Jfew York.
Then Dunleavy came and asked ine to go West and I
thought 1 had better go. 1 made up my mind to go
there instead of going to New York, and I let him
carry it along.
" Question. Well, you gave it to him finally?
"Answer, He kept ii from the time I gave it to
him.
" Question, Has ho got it now ?
"Juitfirer. I guess so. unless he spent it.
44 Question. Did you take any memorandum for it ?
"yl/MU-vr. No, sir; I did not want it.
" Question. Supposing ho should have been killed?
"Answer, i would have taken my chance.
" Question^ Did you go on with Shendan Shook in
the same train ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. What sort of a package was the money
in?
"Ausirer. No package at all.
44 Question. Did you count it?
"-Answer. 1 do not recollect exactly. I kept what
I thought 1 would want mysell. and gave him the
parcel. Iflwereto state closely it was about six-
teen thousand one hundred dollars. It was not
seventeen thousand dollars, I am satisfied.
" Question. Where did you getthat money that you
sent by Sheridan Shook?
"Answer. That is apart of the money that came
out of the bank."
And whereas your committee believe the reasons
given bythewitne&sindecliningto answerarewholly
untrue and evasive, and the refusal to answer is a
deliberate contempt of the authority of the House,
and done for the purpose of concealing the fact and
embarrassing publicjusjiee: Therelore,
ItcHolvrd, That said Woolley, lor his repeated con-
tempt of the authority of the House, be kept until
otherwise ordered by the House in close confinement
in tiiw guaid-room of the Capitol police, by the
Sergeant-at-Arms until said Woolley shall fully
answer the questions above recited, and all ques-
tions put to him by said committee m rclationto the
subject of thcinvcstigations with which the commit-
tee is charged, and that meanwhile no persons shall
communicate with said Woolley, in writing or ver-
bally, except upon the order of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The propositionoftliegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is, that this
preamble and resolution shall be regarded as
agreed to, the motion to reconsider entered,
and the House shall then adjourn. Is there
any objection ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose that is with
the understanding that the question upon the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table shall be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course,-for that will
be the test question.
I he SPEAKER. No objection being made,
the proposition will be regarded as agreed to
by unanimous consent.
The House accordingly (at five minutes past
ten o'clock p. m.) adjourned.
l'liHTIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. BROOMALL: Thirteen petitions
numerously signed by citizens of Pennsylvania
residing in the seventh congressional district,
iron-workers and operators in cotton and
woolen mills, setting forth the depression of
their industry by reason of foreign competition,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, manufacturers and dealers in cigars and
tobacco, remonstrating against an increase of
taxation,-and recommending a change in the
stamps.
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition, signed by
a large number of citizens of Springfield, Illi-
nois, praying that the tax on cigars be retained
as heretofore ; also, praying that the tax be
collected by the use of revenue instead of
inspectors' stamps.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of R. W.
Updegraph and 127others,residentsofKewee-
naw county, Michigan, praying Congress for
protection on American copper.
Also, from same and 117 others, for same
object.
Also, from Alexander English, of East Sagi-
naw, Michigan, and 125 others, for the removal
of special tax on refined petroleum.
Also, from William P. ltaley and 50 others,
for an appropriation to improve Saint Mary's
river and canal in Michigan.
Also, from sauie and 0(5 others, for same
object.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of Ichabod
Goodwin and 1!) others, of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, interested in shipping, for an ap-
propriation for the construction of a breakwater
m the vicinity of Cape Elizabeth, Maine.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
memorial of J. M. Forbes and others, citizens
of Boston, Massachusetts, in favor of the im-
provement of the St. Alary's canal and river
in Michigan.
Bv Mr. KETCHAM : The remonstrance of
L. lligley and (17 others, manufacturers of and
dealers in cigars, oflludson,New York, against
proposed increase of tax on cigars.
By Mr. MARVIN: The remonstrance of
cigar manufacturers, journeymen cigar-makers,
dealers in cigars, growers ot and dealers in seed
leaf tobacco, of Schenectady, New York,
against any change in the present rates of tax-
ation on those articles.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of 54 work-
ingmen and citizens of Ickesburg, Perry county,
Pennsylvania, praying that Congress will re-
sume the consideration of the tariff bill which
failed in the House March, 1807, and enact it
into a law at the earliest practical moment.
Also, the petition of 41 iron-workers in Mid
dletown. Dauphin county, Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that owing to foreign competition
their industry is greatly depressed and man}* of
the trade are out of employment, and praying
for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of !!1 iron-workers at Cho-
lasky, Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing
to foreign competition their industry is greatly
depressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 234 workers in cotton
mills at liarrisburg, Pennsylvania, setting forth
that owing to foreign competition their industry
is greatly depressed, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of A. G. Cummings and
other workers in the Pennsylvania steel-works
at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, complaining of
the depression of industiy, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, a memorial of cigar manufacturers,
journeymen cigar-makers, dealers in cigars,
growers and dealers in seed-leaf tobacco, of the
county of Dauphin, Pennsylvania, protesting
against the increa.se of revenue tax on said
articles, and asking Congress to try the system
of collecting the revenue on cigars by making
the stamp a revenue stamp instead of an inspect-
or's stamp, sold only to licensed manufacturers,
with suitable checks to prevent frauds and
counterfeits.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition oflo manu-
facturers and makers of cigars of Camden,
New Jersey, praying that no change be made
in the present tax on the manufacture of
cigars.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: A memorial of
underwriters of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the passage of a law making all vessels
and water-craft registered under the law of the
United States subject to a lien in admiralty for
all premiums for insurance thereon.
Also, from soldiers of Birmingham, Penn-
sylvania, asking that all soldiers, sailors, and
marines who served during the war be placed
on an equality in regard to bounties.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Mary Mc-
Devitt, mother of James C. MeDevitt, late of
company I, twenty-eighth Pennsylvania volun-
teers, for pension.
Also, the petition of William C. Mayer,
guardian of minor child of Christian Simon,
late of twenty-sixth Pennsylvania voluttteers,
for pension.
Also, the petition of Anna Burneice, widow
of William Burneice, late gunner United States
Navy, for pension.
Also, the petition of Eva Harbauer, widow
of Louis Harbauer, late private company C,
first regiment District of Columbia cavalry, for
pension.
Also, the petition of Enieline Posey, widow
of Edward Posey, late corporal company 0,
twenty-third regiment Pennsylvania volunteers,
for pension.
By Mr. STEWART : A memorial of Captain
Daniel S. Hart, late assistant commissary of
subsistence, praying for relief.
By Mr. STOKES : The petition of Hon. L.
D. Evans, of Texas, asking relief for moneys
lost.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The
petition of cigar manufacturers and dealers, in
Illinois, asking that the tax on cigars be col-
lected by means of revenue stamps.
By Mr.WlLLIAMS, ofludiana: Theremon-
strance of W. J. Campbell and others, tobacco
and cigar manufacturers of Huntington, Indi-
ana, against the increase of taxation on the
same.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 29, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
H. Finlay, late of company G, second Illinois
cavalry, for a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
lie also presented a memorial of citizens of
Milledgeville, Georgia, and vicinity, protesting
against the removal of the State capita! from
that city to Atlanta, and praying that the clause
in the new constitution of Georgia, now before
Congress, authorizing such removal, be stricken
out; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
lie also presented the petition of Charles L.
Bradwell, a free man of color, resident at
Savannah, for compensation for four bales of
cotton taken by the Government undei orders
issued by General Sherman in 18U-3 ; which was
referred to the. Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON. 1 present the petition of A.
G. Mackey, president of the constitutional
convention of South Carolina, requesting action
to have the Legislature of that Stare convened.
By the provisions of the constitution of that
State the Legislature was to meet on the 12th
day of May, but the commanding general of
the department issued an order to prevent
the assembling of the Legislature until after
Congress should have approved the constitu-
tion. I move the reference of this petition to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART presented the petition of
Margaret Doyle, praying compensation for
damages sustained by reason of the United
States failing to comply with a certain contract
entered into November 28, 1803, for the deliv-
ery of saw logs; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of
