1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3677
built under this act, or;" so that the proviso
will read:
Provided, however. That nothing herein contained
shall be so construed as to authorize or grant any
subsidy or land for any road built under this act,
or to increase tho subsidies in bonds beyond that
accruing under existing lines of location and laws
heretofore passed providing for the construction of
the Pacific railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. When this amendment was
shown to me before it did not occur to me that
it excluded a subsidy of land. The bill as it
stands was intended to exclude a subsidy of
bonds. In the first place, there is very little
land on the route of this road, and it is hardly
worth while to exclude the amount of land to
which they are entitled. Tt will be remembered
that the company at their own expense, with-
out any subsidy in bonds, will build an extent
of at least thirty-five miles of road over a very
high range of mountains. I think, with the
disposition to give lands for the construction of
roads which are great public improvements,
and with the fact which my colleague very well
knows, and I presume will affirm, that there
are very few public lands on the route of the
road proposed, it is not well to exclude the
small quantity of lands that may be granted
there. Therefore, I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine so as to strike
out the words "or lands." They are to build
over a high mountain range, the most difficult
work that can be imagined, without a dollar of
bonds of any kind whatever. I hope the Sen-
ator from Maine will accept that modification.
It is but reasonable and just that they should
have these lands when they propose to shorten
a great public highway.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent to
that.
Mr. CONNESS. Then, sir, if itbe in order,
I move to amend the amendment by striking
out the words " or lands."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT jpra tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Maine, as amended.
The amendment, asamended, was agreedto.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator
from Maine whether the previous amendment
offered by him would not read better if he were
to say "and maybe suspended" instead of
"or may be suspended;" so that it may be
terminable at the pleasure of Congress, and
may be suspended whenever the United States
shall be engaged in war, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I accept that modifi-
cation, to substitute "and" for "or." I do
not think it will make any difference.
The PRESlDENTj>ro tempore. That mod-
ification will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there ought to
be an amendment to this bill before it is passed
providing that any causeway or bridge that is
erected from the mainland to this island shall
be erected under the supervision of the engi-
neer department, so that they may see that it
is built in such a way as not to seriously im-
pede navigation.
Mr. NYE. I suggest to the Senator from
Maine that there are laws regulating that sub-
ject now. Neither this company nor any other
company would have a right to build a structure
in the harbor of San Francisco that would
obstruct in any way the navigation of the har-
bor. It would not be allowed by existing laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not obstruct
the navigation in that sense.
Mr. NYE. The apprehension, as I under-
stand it, the Senator from Maine has is that
they would change the channel by filling up so
as to make obstructions at some other point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Increase the force of
the current.
Mr. NYE. The company will undoubtedly
take care of that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should rather not
leave it to them myself. .
Mr. NYE. Do you mean that it shall be
constructed under the supervisien of a Gov-
ernment engineer?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; one of our
own engineers.
Mr. NYE. A Government engineer might
make a structure that would cost $20,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I confine myself merely
to that point, that it shall be so constructed as
not to impede or obstruct navigation. I can
draw the amendment in a very few moments.
Mr. COLE. In pursuance of the suggestion
of the Senator from Maine I think an amend-
ment of this sort might with propriety be
adopted: to insert after line thirty-five the
words "but so as not to impede the water-
way. ''
Mr. NYE. Only skiffs or flat-boats run
through this channel. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia knows that no ships come through of
any size.
Mr. COLE. I am not speaking of the navi-
gation, but the current, the tide.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The point is that it
affects the current on the other side by making
an obstruction here.
Mr. NYE. That is hypothetical entirely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so said by the
engineers.
Mr. NYE. I understand that is assumed,
but from my information I do not think there
is anything in it.
Mr. NYE. Scientific men, engineers, woald
be likely to know.
Mr. COLE. I offer this amendment: to in-
sert after line thirty-five the words " but so as
not to impede the water-way to the injury of
the harbor of San Francisco."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that
that will reach the point that I have been
speaking of.
Mr. COLE. If that is not sufficient I am
willing to agree to any modification that will
make it so. I do not know what suggestion
the Senator from Maine would make. The
tides set up back of the island and flow daily
to and fro. There is an ebb and flow of
the tide on this side of the island where this
causeway will be built across. ['' Question!''
"Question I"]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that amend-
ment will not answer the purpose. Gentlemen
are very anxious for the question. They
continue calling "question, question " when
we are trying to get this bill into a shape in
which it will be satisfactory to the rest of us.
If they will let the " question " alone for a few
minutes I think wo may come to some conclu-
sion, but if they keep calling "question" I
will give it up. It is of no more interest to me
than anybody else, but I should like to have it
safe, for I really think that the city of San
Francisco is destined to be one of the greatest
cities on the globe at some future time, and I
think it of very great importance that we should
not pass any bill that may seriously affect the
navigation of its bay.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree entirely in what
has been said by the honorable Senator. I
think he ought to concede that we have a very
deep interest in preserving that harbor. Why,
sir, if an obstruction should be made there
injurious to the harbor, it would be removed at
once ; they would not be permitted to go on.
Mr. COLE. In the report of the board of
engineers, which has been submitted in connec-
tion with this bill, a careful and scientific cal-
culation has been made to determine the effect
which it would have upon the harbor of San
Francisco proper if the channel between the
island and the eastern shore of the bay were
to be closed up by a solid causeway. This
calculation shows that the currents in front of
the city where vessels lie at anchor would be
very much increased. Those of us who reside
there know that those currents are now so
great as to often make it exceedingly difficult
to reach the wharves by the vessels navigating
the upper river as well as those which come
in from the ocean ; so that if this tide were to
be increased materially by turning the current
that passes now east of the island into the nar-
row and deeper channel in front of the city it
might work, and would unquestionably work,
very great damage to the city of San Fran-
cisco.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before the vote is taken,
I understand the Senator from Maine is pre-
paring a substitute, and I wish to see which
amendment I shall vote for. I shall vote for
the stronger of the two.
Mr. FESSENDEN.^ I ask my friend from
California whether this proviso, added to the
end of the bill, will not answer better?
Provided, That no work shall be constructed by the
said company between the mainland and said island
which will, in the judgment of the War Department,
injuriously affect the navigation in theharborof San
Francisco.
Mr. COLE. That will not cover the case,
for this reason: that side of the island is
scarcely navigated at all. It is not the navi-
gation, but the water currents that are to be
protected, the tide that ebbs and flows east of
the island into the bay twice a day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does not anything
which affects the currents, which increases the
force of the currents, injuriously affect naviga-
tion ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course it does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought this was gen-
eral enough:
Provided, That no work shall be constructed by the
said company between the mainland and said island
which will, in the judgment of the War Department,
injuriously affect navigation in tho harbor of San
Francisco.
Several Senators. That covers it.
Mr. COLE. 1 am not sure that that is suf-
ficient. With that construction, however, I
shall not object to it; but if it relates to the
navigation east of the island 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not say " the
navigation between the island and the main-
land," but " in the harbor."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from California withdraw his amend-
ment?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to make one
inquiry. I wish to inquire what is the purpose
of so much of this bill as follows line thirty-
three ? It does not seem to be a part of the
amendment reported by the committee. It
seems to be a part of the bill. It provides for
the right to construct another road from this
island to the town of Stockton. I should like
the chairman of the committee to inform xis
what is the purpose of that part of the bill?
Mr. HOWARD. I was not able to hear what
the honorable Senator said.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I inquire of the chair-
man of the committee what is the purpose of
so much of the bill as follows line thirty three?
It does not seem to be a part of the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. lean answer the honorable
Senator. It authorizes the Western Pacific
Railroad Company, this corporation organized
under the laws of the State of California, to
locate a road and to take from the public land
such earth, stone, timber, &c., as is usually
allowed in the construction of a road, and such
other grants and privileges as aregiven forthe
construction of the Pacific railroad with the
exception of the subsidy in bonds, which is
specially provided against.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Whatlandsof the United
States, then, does this road pass through?
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator is aware
of the topography of that country he will know
that it passes from this island through what is
called the Contra Costa range of mountains, a
very high mountain range, to Stockton, or
near there, which is on the plain hi the valley,
a distance of thirty-five or forty miles a route
of very difficult construction, indeed, and such
