1?6A
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I had
no purpose iu taking the floor last evening to
speak at length upon this question, but I
designed merely to state in brief terms the
views which I entertain and the reasons which
control me in sustaining the report of the l' i-
nance Committee. Perhaps I should have said
nothing but that the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] in his most eloquent
appeal, addressed to the Senate in his earnest
language, seemed to claim, and did claim, that
the repeal of this tax upon the production of :
cotton would be a manifest injustice, that it
was in effect an attempt to relieve the States of
the South, or at least the cotton States, from
bearing their proper share of the burdens of i
the Government. In his strong appeal he used j
language lite this:
"Abora *11, sir, in my judgment it is wrong, and
infamously wrong, that thosawhohave broughtupon
tin* nati in the terrible burden that to-day rests upon
us industry,should bythe m&gnauimity of thenation
bu exempted from bearing their share of those bur-
dens."
Mr. President, if the facts assumed were true
I could agree with the honorable Senator from
Connecticut that it would be wrong by the
magnanimity of the Government to exempt
those who had brought the rebellion upon us
from bearing their share of the burdens imposed
by it; but when we look at this question dis-
passionately and see the thing as it is there is
no exempting of the planters of the South from
bearing their share of the burdens of the Gov-
ernment. Take the case of a planter in Ala-
bama growing cotton and a farmer in Ver-
mont growing wool; without this tax they bear
precisely equally the burdens of the Govern-
ment ; they are equally taxed upon their ineome,
upon all they make during the year, at the gttme
rate per cent. They are taxed precisely alike
upon ail the manufactures which they consume,
whether upon a farm in Vermont or a farm in
Alabama. They are taxed precisely the same
for all they eat and wear and consume at the
same rate; no higher in the one case than in
the other. Why, then, is there any injustice in
saying that the raw agricultural production of
cotton should not be taxed any more than the
production of wool? Where is the injustice to
the wool-grower of Vermontin the fact that the
cotton-grower of Alabama pays no tax upon the
raw agricultural product? It is precisely so
with the hemp-grower in Missouri, and with the
corn-grower in Illinois. What reason can you
give why you should put upon an agricultural
production in Mississippi a tax which you do
not put upon an agricultural product in Illinois
or in Wisconsin? This claim that it is unjust
that the agricultural production of the cotton
States should be exempt from taxation while
the agricultural products of the other States
are free is without foundation.
It is upon this ground of justice to all sec-
tions of the country that I always loved to meet
Senators in debate ; but the assumption which
is made that the States of the South are to be
relieved from bearing their share of the bur-
dens of the Government because their agricul-
tural production is not subjected to a direct
tax is an assumption altogether unfounded.
The premises are unsound, and therefore the
conclusion is unsound. It is unjust in one sec-
tion of the country to tax agricultural produc-
tions if you refuse to tax them in another sec-
tion of the country.
There is another assumption of the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] and I
think the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Mobton] substantially made the same assump-
tion, that the repeal of this tax is for the benefit
of the rebel land-holders of the South. Sir, I
do not look upon it in this light at all. There
are large numbers of men from the North as
well as from the South who are engaged in the
production of cotton. Men from Illinois, from
Wisconsin, from all the States of the North,
have gone with their capital into the cotton
States of the South to produce this great staple
of American export. And, sir. the oppression
of this tax rests upon them all alike—the loyal
and those who haw been disloyal heretofore.
But, Mr. President, there is something still
more unfounded in this assumption, to wit, that
the burden rests upon the land-holder at all.
The truth is, wheu you get down to the bottom,
that the burden rests upon the laborers that
produce the cotton ; therefore it is an appeal
for the free laborers of the South, whether
blSck or white, when I ask you to repeal this
tax, because the burden rests there. It is true
that the imposition of this tax may discourage
capitalists from engaging in the production of
cotton ; and I have 110 doubt it does and will
have that effect, and if this tax is permitted to
remain, orif any uncertainty istohangover the
question as to what Congress may do—whether
they will or will not impose a burden upon the
production of cotton—it will discourage its
production. The tax as it stands is almost
one fourth part ol' the whole value of the article
produced. What are we to think of the opera-
tion of a tax that takes twenty-live per cent,
off an agricultural production, independent of
all the expense which it has cost to produce it ?
Why, sir, it takes more than all the profits that
can be realized by any person engaged in its
production. It is therefore, in my opinion,
unjust that the tax should be permitted to
remain; and it is not true that if the tax is
permitted to remain the burden of it rests
upon the rebels who have been engaged in the
war against the Government; it rests upon
loyal men as well as upon rebels; but the main
burden rests upon the laborers, who will be
thrown out of employment if the production of
this staple is discouraged.
This staple is the great article of export.
In going abroad it supplies the place of gold
and silver in settling our balances with foreign
countries; and just in proportion as you dis-
courage the production of cotton just in the
same proportion must your gold and silver go
to settle^he balances. In my judgment this
tax, instead of strengthening the financial
condition of the Government, is a blow at its
financial strength ; it strikes us where we live;
it discourages the production of that article
above all others which is to sustain the credit
of this Government. If you discourage the
production of this article but one fourth, if
you prevent one fourth of the lands which
were cultivated last year from being again
sown in cotton, you will, by reducing the
amount of cotton grown in the South, have
crippled our resouroes to a greater extent by
far than this amount of tax placed in your
Treasury will return. It is, Mr. President, in
my opinion, precisely like killing the goose
■which lays the golden egg.
I look upon this tax as both unjust and
impolitic. I think we should do all in our
power to encourage the production of this
article, and to encourage northern capital to
go South and to engage in its production,
not to discourage it. There is, in my judg-
ment, also a very serious objection to this tax,
and one which in my mind has always been
insurmountable; and that is, that it is, by what-
ever name you choose to call it, substantially
a tax upon exports which is expressly for-
bidden by the Constitution. You tax this
article of production which is our great article
of export and you give it no drawback; and
thus in effect it is a tax upon exports.
Mr. President, aa I stated in the beginning,
I had no purpose to speak at length, but iu a
few brief sentences to express my views on
this subject and give my reasons for voting for
the repeal of this tax. I shall not follow other
gentlemen into the discussion of mere political
questions, because they a«re entirely incidental
and, in my judgment, not necessary to the dis-
position of this question. I desire to avoid
those except when necessity may throw them
into the discussion, and confine myself entirely
to the question of the justice of removing this
imposition and the constitutionality of the tax
which is imposed. For these reasons I shall
vote to sustain the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
I think also that I shall vote to sustain the
amendment which has been submitted by the
honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wil-
liams] to apply this exemption, so far as it can
be done, to those persons who have produced
cotton during the present year where the cot-
ton has not been sold or been contracted to be
sold. Looking at the tax as oppressive, I
would (if the cotton had not been sold or gone
into the hands of speculators) be prepared to
repeal the tax entirely as to the present crop.
That perhaps may be impracticable, mayinvolve
us in too many difficulties to execute the law;
but so far as Uiis amendment goes, as I now
understand it, applying to the cotton which is
iir the hands of producers, I am willing to vote
for their relief.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I shall
be very glad to see the motion to postpone this
subject until February prevail. We find that
it is very much easier to strike off twenty or
thirty millions from our revenue than it is to
put on any such sum. All taxes are, of course,
oppressive to somebody, and perhaps this may
be too high; but I am informed that it is really
the only tax that is faithfully collected in the
whole South; that the whisky tax is avoided
almost entirely ; that the tax on incomes yields
next to nothing, and that in fact nearly every
tax in the South is by some means or other
evaded except this cotton tax. I am not in
favor of putting a tax on the production of
cotton or on any other product which will seri-
ously interfere with its growth, but I am not
yet sufficiently informed to vot^t this time to
repeal the tax. Let us at least consider this
with other taxation; let us look over the whole
field, and if we strike off $'23,000,000 or
$27,000,000 here let us see that we are to
obtain an equal amount from some other
sources.
Besides, sir, there is no immediate haste for
the passage of this bill. Its passage in Feb-
ruary will be quite in time for the crop of
another year. There is force in the remark of
the Senator from Maine, that this matter should
be deferred until the whole subject can be
arranged, until we can vote understanding^
[ upon the whole taxation question, not take up
this or any other item by itself. I would neither
take cotton, nor tobacco, nor whisky, nor any-
thing'else, and rush through a bill repealing
the tax upon them. Let us settle the whole
question at once. Strike off twenty or thirty
millions now and where will you put it on?
There is likewise great force in tie remark of
the Senator from Vermont, that two thirds at
least of this tax comes from foreigners. The for-
eign nations pay the majority of this tax, and
ought to pay it. France and England are cer-
tainly responsible for a very large proportion
of our debt, and if we can in any way compel
those two nations to pay a portion of the bur-
den they have thrown upon us we ought to do
it, and I see no other way than this to compel
them to do it. Let them pay this cotton tax,
for it comes out of them to a great extent.
I am informed and believe that the very an-
ticipation of the repeal of the cotton tax, and
perhaps the tax upon this year's production,
has actually reduced the price of cotton some
two or three cents a pound in Great Britain.
Certainly the tax should not be repealed upon
the cotton grown during the past year, nor am
I prepared to say that it should be upon that
of next year. If I were to vote for any propo-
sition now before the Senate for its reduction
it would be for the proposition of the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Mobton] reducing it to one
cent a pound; but I am not prepared to vote
for that. I hope that the motion to postpone
until February will prevail.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I hope we
shall act now, whether we pass the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives or
take the amendment moved by the Senator
from Maryland or the amendment moved by
the Senator from Oregon or the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Indiana. At all
events, do not support the motion to postpone
made by the Senator from New York. Action
now is imperatively demanded. I was not a
little surprised to hear the Senator from Maine(
