1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Beport on Southern Railroads.
Ho. of Reps.
$34,445,192 over and above the seven or more
million dollars' worth of rolling stock sold the
roads on credit.
If the justice of such claims be recognized
by allowing one, all the roads will press their
claims, although some railroad officers testify
they do not contemplate doing so.
Again, if repairs should be charged to roads
on a settlement with credit given for their use
by the Government, then under the same prin-
ciple, and with manifest justice, charges should
be made for repairs in cases where no use has
been made of a road.
Still the testimony discloses the fact that that
policy was not adhered to ; and that accounts
for repairs done have not been made against the
roads by the Government when the repairs over-
balanced the use. As one illustration of this the
committee refer to the testimony of Major Gen-
eral Sheridan, page 108 of Report No. 34, who
states that "the New Oileans and Opelonsas
road is eighty miles long; " that "we used it
and it was under military control and was run
by the quartermaster;" that " all the biidges
had been repaired by the Government after
having been destroyed by the enemy, and the
road was put in very good repair;" that "he
turned it over, under order of August 8, 1805,
making no account whatever for the work that
had been done on the road in putting it in re-
pair;" that, in fact, he "took a road that had
been destroyed by the enemy, put it in good run-
ning condition, and, when done with it, handed
it over, taking no account of it so far as the
road was concerned." No parallel can be found
for such action; repairing and restoring to
an enemy property which he himself had de-
stroyed.
NO CHARGE FOE REBUILDING.
But of the same nature as this monstrosity,
a most extraordinary rule for government in
these cases is laid down in the President's order
of 8th of August, 1865, which appears in the
last clause of the seventh paragraph, as follows:
''Nor should such companies be charged tor re-
building houses, bridges, or other structures which
wore destroyed by the Federal Army."
In other words, the order is this:
"Houses, bridges, and other structures should bo
rebuilt without charge for such companies as had
voluntarily engaged m the rebellion, and had made
their destruction a necessity."
If this theory be correct, then the railroads
themselves of the enemy destroyed by the Fed-
eral Army should be reconstructed and re-
stored without charge, or the companies should
be paid the cost of reconstruction. What would
be that cost?
It would be well for the representatives of a
loyal people, heavily taxed to pay bounties and
pensions to those and their representatives
whom a grateful nation will ever honor; heav-
ily taxed in consequence of the crime, among
others, of the stockholders, directors, and offi-
cers of railroads, to look at the inevitable
result of a recognition of such a traitor-favor-
ing policy. No one can fail to see it would be
just what the enemies of the Government de-
sire—its bankruptcy.
Take, for instance, the Georgia Central rail-
road, running from Savannah to Macon, one
hundred and ninety-two miles ; of that road the
president testifies, on page 40 of Report No. 3
of Fortieth Congress,
"It was almost completely destroyed by G-eneral
Sherman; " " I spent about two million dollars in re-
pairing it since I have had charge of the property."
The president of the Virginia and Tennessee
railroad testifies, on page 91 of Report No. 3 :
"Of the damage by the United States forces I ean
only judge from the amount, already expended, that
it was about eix hundred thousand dollars."
On page 1G7, Report No. 34, Major General
Sheridan testifies:
" The roads to Charlottesville and Gordonsville we
found in good condition. They were destroyed by
our troops. 1 think 1 burned every bridge from
Lvncliburg to Kicbmond on the Lynchburg and (jor-
donsviile rcuul, and from (xordunsville to Richmond
on the Cenlral road; also, the Fredericksburg road.
I tore up the track at (,'harlotteavillo; I spent two
days in destroying the track, and destroyed, I think,
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 9.
about eight miles of the road pretty thoroughly; I
destroyed the road at a great many points," &e.
In addition to these* calculate the amountof
destruction to other roads in Georgia than the
one named, and in the track made desolate by
Major General Sherman's army in its march
that caused the rebels of the Carolinas to expe-
rience the realities of war; apply the principle
of seventh paragraph of 8th of August order and
then ask can the nation endure the taxation
to pay for such destruction. But this is not
all. Upon such a theory other property of
rebels than railroad property should be paid
for. The places where now along that track
of desolation from Chattanooga to Atlanta, from
Atlanta to Macon and Savannah, and from
Savannah to Columbia and Petersburg, the
hand of an angry God has placed the blight of
His withering touch, and almost every mile the
saddened traveler sees but naked chimneys to
mark the abodes of former affluence and—
the committee had almost said refinement and
contentment; but where the disposition to
oppress predominates there can be no true re-
finement, and where wealth is wrung from the
tears of the enslaved no true contentment.
The committee say, upon such a theory, those
waste places, cursed by God, must be built up
from the national Treasury.
Who can calculate the amount of taxation ?
And if tho powers of calculation be not ex-
hausted they may be extended to the property
of rebels elsewhere destroyed and ofother kinds.
LOYALTY.
But the subject of loyalty necessarily enters
into this report, because the President, in the
first paragraph of Executive Order of 8th of
August, 18Go, siiys: " Each and every company
will be required to reorganize and elect a board
of directors whose loyalty shall be established to
the satisfaction of" the. commanding general:
and, further, because the committee arc desir-
ous that the principle be recognized, so far as
it can be in legislation, that loyalty and the
right of protection to life and property by the
national Government are inseparable ; and still
further, because remarks made on the floor of
the House on the 12th day of July last plainly
indicate that it is to be contended that "northern
capital/' though invested in roads used in aid
of the rebellion, should not be confiscated,
because it is northern capital, as though *4 loyal''
and " northern JJ are synonymous.
Upon the last idea presented the committee
arecontent to say that history shows that, while
loyalty to the United States Government most
abounds in the North and disloyalty in the youth,
the one is not indigenous to the North or the
other to the South, but that conspicuous excep-
tions can be found in either clime.
Those at all cognizant with such investiga-
tions of loyalty know they are the merest
farces. The notorious ease with which sym-
pathizers, who secretly encouraged rebellion,
but committed no public act, were able to
prove loyalty and the freedom with which they
swore to loyalty caused a suspension of the
law paying loyal slaveholders for slaves en-
listed into the Army.
But in the case now presented, it appears to
the committee that there is a most glaring at-
tempt at deception. That property is to be
restored by a k,loyalM directory is calculated
to draw attention from the fact that it was to
be restored to disloyal stockholders.
As touioyalM boards Major General Thomas,
on pages S3 and 84 of Report No. 31, testi-
fies :
" I required the President to report the names of
the directors and then I made inquiry among those
persons on whom I could rely sis to the political
status of the persons named." " I think some of them
were not very loyal; but in the majority of the cases
they complied with theteims laid down tor them."
"The men generally selected were men who, I think,
were honestly supposed to be fair men if they were
not truly loyal."
General Canby testifies on page 238 of Re-
port No. 34:
" I required as a nccessary antecedent condition
that they should conform to the President's order of
April 29,18G5, by taking the oath of allegiance pre-
scribed in the regulations under the order." At
some time subsequently General Beauregard was ap-
pointed chief engineer or superintendent of trie
New Orleans and Jackson railroad until such time
as he became president, j-nrac timo in 1866."
On page 45, Report No. 3, the secretary and
treasurer of the Atlantic and Gulf railroad
testifies :
" I know the whole of tho directors took the oath
of allegiance—the amnesty oath. There was a gen-
eral order given by General Gil more, the commander
ot the district at the time, to restore the road to the
directors."
On page 42 of Report No. 3 the president of
the Georgia Central railroad testifies:
"Under theseconditionsfof loyalty] there remained
directors and officers who managed the road who were
also directors and managers during the rebellion;"
44 and who had heen true to the rebel government."
Such is uniformly the character of the testi-
mony on this point.
But the committee submit that it would be a
difficult task to select a loyal board from dis-
loyal presidents, directors, and stockholders;
and repeat that the effect, if notthe object, was
to restore captured property to disloyal stock-
holders.
DISLOYAL STOCKHOLDERS, ETC.
In Report of Testimony No. 3, Fortieth Con-
gress, the following testimony appears ou pages
as named, to wit: The president of the Rich-
mond and Danville, and Richmond and Pied-
mont roads, on pages 3 and 4, testifies:
"Nine tenths of these roads is chiefly owned in the
State of Virginia, the greater portion of it in the city
of Richmond and along tho line of road." "The
State of Virginia ownsthree fifths of thcstock," "I
do not think the State owns quite that proportion of
all the railroad stock of the State." "She does in all
tho leading roads—the costliest roads." 441 have no
doubt there are some loyal, but I cannot recall them
now." 441 am not aware ot any of the stock of the
company being now held in the North."
On page 9 the general superintendent of
the Virginia Central railroad testifies :
" Tho stock is principally held in Virginia. The
State owns three filths and private stockholders
own the rest. Xdo noL think that$30,000 is held out-
side ot tho Slate." 441 should suppose thereare very
lew compared with the large mass of stockholders
who were called loyal during the rebellion to the
United States Government."
On page lo the treasurer of the Richmond
and York River road testifies :
44 The stock ot the road is principally held in Tide-
water, Virginia." 44 Some of it is held in Baltimore."
44 Virginia owns five sevenths really," &c. "I really
do not think I do know any stockholders in that road
who were called loyal to the United States Govern-
ment during the rebellion."
On pages 17 and 18 the superintendent of
the Richmond, Fredericksburg, and Potomac
road testifies:
44 The majority of the stock is owned in Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania; two fifths of the stock of the
road between iliehmondand Fredericksburg is owned
by the State of Virginia." 441 am not aware of any
protest or remonstrance on the part of the northern,
stockholders against the use of tne road in aid of tho
rebellion."
On page 10 the president of the Richmond
and Peterburg road testifies:
" A large portion of the stock is held in this State,"
(Virginia.) "There is a very appreciable amount
held in Philadelphia: a portion in New Hampshire,
some in Georgia, and I think some in New York.
The State ol Virginia owns more than one third, of
the whole stock.''
On page 25 the president of the North-
eastern road, South Carolina, testifies:
44 The stock of the road is owned entirely in the
State and in Charleston." 4 The Sf are owns $225,000
of it." " There is not a dollar of northern capital in
any way invested in the road, that I am aware of."
On page 29 the superintendent of the Charles-
ton and Savannah road testifies :
44 Thcstock is entirely owned in the city of Charles-
ton." ^ "There is a little of it owned in Savannah,
Georgia."
On page 40 the president of the Georgia
Central road testifies:
"The stock is principally held in Georgia, and
there is some of it held in the northern States. I
take it for granted that those in the jSortb were loyal
to the United State? Government; thosem the South,
1 presume, were as the southern people generally
were."
On page 44 the secretary and treasurer of
