3678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
as thcPacific railroad on its main line receives
$48,000 per mile in bonds for constructing.
Mr. IlENDUICKS. My objection to the
language used in this part of the bill is that it
seems to authorize the construction of a rail-
road in a State ; to give to a corporation of a
State a power to locate and make and build a
road in a particular direction and upon a par-
ticular route.
Mr. CONNESS. My friend will permit me
to say that it is precisely the language of the
original Pacific railroad bill, and the same
right precisely that is given in that bill to con-
struct the Central Pacific railroad.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The suggestion of the
Senator may be an answer, and it may not be.
I have not time to make a comparison of the
language ; but I understood the policy of the
Pacific railroad grant to be to allow the cor-
porations of the States where that road ran
through a State to construct it. Congress did
not undertake to organize companies or to
empower companies in a State, but to give
companies under the authority of the State
subsidies to enable them to carry out the work
which the State authorized. This provision
undertakes to clothe the company with author-
ity to build a road in the State of California.
Can Congress do that work? Can Congress
authorize a railroad company of the State of
California to build a railroad from the city of
San Francisco to the city of Stockton, whether
that railroad is to go over high mountains or
along deep valleys?
Mr. CONNESS. Why,_ Mr. President, I
will answer my friend again. The Congress
of the United States authorized the Folsom
and Placerville Railroad Company to do just
that tiling. It authorized the Copperopolis
and Stockton Railroad Company to do just
that thing. It was passed upon by both Houses
of Congress in those cases, and no question
was made in regard to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know that Congress
has in many cases granted lands to States for
the benefit of railroad companies organized
under the authority of the States ; but 1 did
not know that Congress had undertaken by
any bill already passed to authorize the con-
struction of railroads within the limits of
States, and I do not think Congress possesses
that power.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will look at the first Pacific railroad charter
he will discover that Congress has done the
same thing in the State of Kansas, and com-
panies are now operating under that clause.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That was referred to
the State. The corporation was organized by
the State. Congress merely said to the com-
pany, "We will give you subsidies, if, under
the authority of the State, you construct the
road." That was the legal effect of it.
Mr. POMEROY. The company was au-
thorized to build according to its charters.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But it was chartered
by the State, so that the company referred to
by the Senator from Michigan got its authority
from the State.
Mr. N1E. This company is chartered by
California.
Mr. POMEROY. The State of Kansas con-
ferred the right to construct a railroad along a
particular route.
Mr. HEJSIDRICKS. As the Senator from
Kansas says, the State of Kansas conferred
the authority to construct a railroad along a
particular route, and then Congress said to that
company, " If you will construct that road, we
will aid you in that enterprise by the subsidies
that we propose." But here is a naked prop-
osition that Congress will clothe the company
of a State with authority to build a road not
authorized by the laws of the State, for any-
thing that appears here. It is an entering
wedge to a new system. It is a power under
which we may construct a road from Washing-
ton city to New York, under which wc may
construct a railroad from this city to the city
of St. Louis, and so on. It involves proposi-
tions of a gigantic nature.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose they have a
right by their charter to go there.
Mr. CONKL1NG. It is authorized.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it is authorized,
Congress need not use language which attempts
to authorize it. That Congress may authorize
them to go over the public lands, to go over
special reservations, is not questioned by me.
That does not seem to be the purpose of this
provision. The purpose of this provision seems
to be to clothe the company with authority to
construct a railway.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
know from those who are familiar with this
bill whether it is understood that the Govern-
ment of the United States, when they take
possession on the termination or suspension of
this privilege, have a right to take possession
of any works and structures on the island, and
if they arc to do^it without making compensa-
tion therefor?
Mr. HOWARD. I refer the honorable Sen-
ator, in answer to his question, to the bill
itself, in which it is declaied that the United
States shall be authorized—
To take possession of the p'art of said island sub-
ject to said privilege, together with all buildings and
other fixtures erected thereon by said company and
to occupy and use the same tor military purposes
during the war.
That answers part of the honorable Sena-
tor's question. The remaining part of his
question, whether it is expected by the advo-
cates of the bill that the Government shall pay
the company anything for that use or' occupa-
tion  
Mr. FllELINGHUYSEN. Whether the
Government are to pay for the works and struc-
tures?
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. It seems to me
that ought to be expressed.
Mr. HOWARD. It was expressed in the
bill itself as I reported it to the Senate, but
the Senate have seen fit to strike out that part
ofit. Foi'instance, the words "and the United
States shall pay to said company, their suc-
cessors or assigns, such sum as may be reason-
ably due for such use and occupation thereof,"
have been stricken out.
Mr. FUELINGIT UYSEN. It was expressed
that the United States should pay?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FllELINGHUYSEN. And that has
been stricken out?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If it has been
stricken out on the ground that it is understood
the United States is not to pay, I think that
ought to be expressed. If this company are
to put np structures there, and the Govern-
ment of the United States takes possession of
the island, it ought to be expressed that tlie
Government is not to pay for those structures.
Mr. COLE. There is no question, I believe,
before the Senate at present. I therefore move
to amend the bill by inserting as an additional
proviso the following:
And provided further, That this act shall not im-
pair the rights or claims of persons in possession of
the island of Verba Buena at the time of the mili-
tary occupation thereof, or who have been ousted
therefrom by military force, nor the assignees or
grantees of .such persons: but such rights and claims
shall be ascertained and liquidated according to the
laws of California.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. COLE. The facts, so far as this amend-
ment is concerned, are, that there were per-
sons in possession of this island, living there
with their farm-houses and improvements, who
had been there for many years. I think their
occupation began before the acquisition of the
country by the United States. They were in
| quiet and peaceful possession of their homes
upon the island until about a year ago, or per-
haps until the year 1800, at which time, after
the war had ended, the militaiy authorities
took possession of the island and ousted these
parties. This was done by the strong arm of
i military force, and without any adjudication of
I their r'ghts. ihese persons were in possession
of this property by as much right as other citi-
zens in San Francisco held the property that
tlicy occupied; for it will be remembered that
this island is within the boundaries of the city
of San Francisco. Other persons upon the
main land in the city of San Francisco regard
themselves as justly entitled to the property
thoy were in possession of, and which has been
granted to them by the local authorities and
by Congress. This possession of the island,
dating back prior to the occupation of the
country by the United States, gives these par-
ties a right superior to that which was acquired
by the United States by the proclamation of
the President in 1850 or 1851, which declared
this-to be a military reservation.
To be brief, these persons are entitled to
this little meed of protection which is sought
for them at "this time. They only ask such
protection as is awarded them by the laws of
California. There the laws provide that if a
railroad company need any private property,
even a possessory claim, for the purposes
of building their railroad or improvements,
they can go to one of the district courts and
ask that a commission be appointed for the
purpose of assessing the value of this occupa-
tion, this possessory right. These persons only
ask this privilege. We know that it is not ask-
ing much for them, because a powerful railroad
company always have more influence with
courts and commissioners than humble indi-
viduals. But these parties are entitled to this
protection.
I know it has been stated that this island is
a rocky island. There are rocks upon it; but
there is also good land upon it. These per-
sons were there before the military occupation,
with their dwellings and their out-houses, and
they had their orchards, their cattle, and other
stock. They were living there as quietly and
peaceably as any people were living in any
other portion of the State. I do not charge
that there was any motive for the use of mili
taiy force to get these persons out of posses-
sion, springing from the railroad company,
because I do not know that that is the case,
and I do not believe that that is the case. I
believe that the military thought they had a
right to this property, and took it in the manner
they,did for military purposes. But these peo-
ple have been ousted; they have been driven
from their homes ; they have been forced to
abandon their works there, their wharves,
their quarries, and their fields; and if this
company is to come in and take possession of
this island, or any portion of it, it should pay
these parties the little value that will be attached
by a commission, under the laws of California,
to their possession and improvements. 1 hope,
therefore, that the Senate will acquiesce in
this amendment. It is only an act of justice
to parties who have been overridden by the
military authorities, and whose rights have not
been properly respected.
Mr. CONNESS. I should be very sorry to
see such an amendment adopted as the one my
colleague has proposed. In the first place,
those parties never had any right to go there
at any time. They were contestants against
the title of the United States to the island.
Like the other contestants against the title to
the point known as Black Point 
Mr. COLE. I ask my colleague if there
was ever any question as to their right, or any
contest between them and any department of
the Government prior to the year 1806, or when
the military department took possession?
Mr. CONNESS. There was nothing to
hinder any person from going upon this island
any more than there was from going-upon
Angel island, or going upon Black Point res-
ervation, or going upon the Presidio reserva-
tion, all of which belonged to the Government,
at or near San Francisco ; but parties acquired
no right by going there. It was a military
reservation ; and my colleague knows very well
what I am now going to say, that there was a
legal case made up against the Government of
the United States entitled "Grisar vs. Mc-
Dowell," McDowell being the commander of
