130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Report on Southern Hailroads.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
the Atlantic ai^d Gull" railroad, Georgia, testi-
lies:
" Thestock is principally owned in Georgia. There
are only a very few shares hold. at the r* orth' J. think
only about twenty." One million dollars was owned
by the State."
On page 51 the president of the Macon and
Western railroad, Georgia, testifies:
"A very largo portion of the stock is owned in the
northern States, principally in New York; a portion
in Charleston and Savannah; a littlu in tho State oi
Geoi-gia,, and a good deal in Europe."
On page 55 the president of the Southwest-
ern road, Georgia, testifies:
"Tho stock is owned principally in Georgia."
On page 57 the president of the Macon and
Brunswick road testifies:
"Tho stock is owned principally in Macon. The
city is a large stockholder in the road."
On page CO it is in testimony that "the stock
of the Western and Atlantic road is owned en-
tirely bytheState," and of the Montgomery and
West Point road "in Alabama and in Georgia
entirely."
On page 02 that the stock of the Atlantic
and West Point road:
" Is owned by the Georgia Railroad Company and
by individuals in Augusta. Georgia, and a good deal
on line of road between Atlanta and West Point."
Pages 91, 9G, 100, and 110 are also referred
to; all which show that the stock in the roads
in the late rebel States is owned principally in
the South by those disloyal during the rebel-
lion.
And, in connection with this subject of loy-
alty, the committee would direct attention to a
few roads in Tennessee, in the interests of
which, it seems, from the testimony, that claims
are to be pressed based to some extent on loy-
alty. It has been the duty of the committee
to scrutinize the testimony in these cases, that
justice may be done both to the roads and to
the Government; and that, if tho claims are
unjust in these few cases, in which alone it is
presumed that claims cau be established on the
ground of loyalty, they may never be allowed
to open wide the door to the national Treasury.
First. As to the East Tennessee and Vir-
ginia railroad.
Brigadier General L. S. Trowbridge, late of
Iinoxville, Tennessee, on page 23 of lteport
No. 34, testifies that
"lie had been appointed a commissioner, by the
Governor of Tennessee, to aid in procuring against
the bonds of that road, and the East Tennessee and
Georgia railroad in favor of tho Government, oil-
sets"—
and that, in case of the East Tennessee and
Virginia road—
"tho offset is for material and supplies turned over
by the road to the Government when General Burn-
side occupied East Tennessee, and for the use of roll-
ing stock which was turned over at that time for the
transportation of troops and otherGovernment busi-
ness, and for damages done to tho road in the de-
struction of bridges and track. There are two ac-
counts, the first one for materials, supplies, &e., which
is $210,000: and tho other for damages to tho road,
which is $276,000." " The Government received ma-
terials, rolling stock, &c., to that value, voluntarily
turned over to the Government by the company."
It is worthy of notice that to press the claims
of the two roads just named a commissioner
is sent to Washington, and that a former United
States volunteer general officer becomes that
commissioner. The testimony may disclose
the fact that very unreasonable views were
entertained as to the justice of such claims and
the policy that should be pursued.
On page 24 of Report No. 31 this former
general officer testifies:
" I h ave no doubt that the damages were sustained,
because I helped to do a great deal of it myself. It
is for the destruction of large bridges," &e.
He testifies further, on same page:
" My own judgment would be in the matter, so far
as tins load was concerned, (the East Tennessee and
Virginia, load."* tLat it ought, to bo paid,because they
have pursued such a i u.-t course towards the Gov-
ernment, and theretore ought to bo treated with
much consideration. The fact that they retained a.il
their rolling stock at Knoxville, furnished General
Burnside with all tho rolhngstoek lie had, and which
was the salvation of our troops there. TTe would not
have had any rolling stock except for these ears re-
tained by the president and Mr. Hoxie. This account
is made up of large itents for the destruction ot
large bridges, and amounts to $276,000. I have no
doubt of the correctness of tho account."
This commissioner bases this claim upon
"the just course pursued toward the Govern-
ment," and that "just course" is in having
"voluntarily" turned over property to the
Government and retained rolling stock and sup-
plied General Burnside with the same. And
to prove the correctness of his statement that
such a just course was pursued he testifies on
page 23 of Report No. 34:
" It was all voluntarily done; when General Burn-
side came into East Tennessee tho directors of the
East Tennesseo and Virginia road held a meeting
and resolved to retain all the rolling stock at Knox-
ville, and not to run ltoff. lliavoacopyof thatreso-
lution.''
The same is found on page 28 of Report No.
31, as follows:
"The following is a true copy of tho preamble and
resolution passed at a mooting called by John R.
Branncr, president of the board of directors of this
company, held at Kogorsville Junction, September 2,
" ' Whereas the president and directors of tho East
Tennesseo and Virginia Railroad Company, having
met for the purpose ot taking into consideration our
duty, under tho present condition of tlio country,
have come to the following conclusions: That
whereas tho road-bed, rolliug stock, with all tho fix-
tures appertaining thereto, belongto the stockhold-
ers, a groat portion of whom reside in East Tennessee
and on the line of tho road, and that wo are nothing
more than their trustees; and. unless instructed by
them or compelled to do so by military authority,
wo do not feel authoiized to remove the rolling stock
or lixtures oil* ot said road; and whereas we are to-
day informed and believe our machine-shops, tools,
&e., in Knoxville, are m the hands of tho l'edoral.s :
Therefore,
Ilcsolveil, Thatwe deem itimpossible, under these
circumstances, to run our trains upon said road, and
now suspend tho running ofthem for the present;
and. in the event it is possible and prudent to ran
said road or a portion of it, the president and super-
intendent are authorized to resume it and suspend
as the emorgency under the circumstances requires.'"
The committee earnestly ask attention to
this resolution and the statements of the wit-
ness. The resolution does not read, as witness
says ; " it is resolved not to run off the rolling
stock;" but "we do not feel authorized to
remove the rolling stock," &c. The resolu-
tion does not read : "it is resolved to retain
all tho rolling stock at Knoxville but " we
are to-day informed and believe our machine-
shops, tools, &c., in lvnosville, are in the
hands of the Federals."
The committee see in this resolution no evi-
dence of a "just course "no voluntary act."
The recollection of the witness, based on this
resolution, is not sustained by the resolution
itself, for it shows that machine-shops, &c.,
"were believed to bo in the hands of the Fed-
erals, and that it was deemed impossible to run
trains," &c.
And the testimony of another witness, al-
though an interested one as superintendent
of the road, is, on page 37 of Report No.
84, to the effect that the cars and locomotives
were in Knoxville when it was captured by
General Burnside; for he says :
"I was in Knoxville wlion General Burnside en-
tered, and we succeeded in turning over to the Fed-
eral authorities thirty-six cars and five locomotives."
This would seem to be a good reason why
it was deemed impossible to run trains. And
the committee would suggest that in a manner
very similar to this General Lee succeeded in
turning over to General Grant a very large
amount of munitions of war and a large num-
ber of prisoners.
The committee certainly have no disposition
to do injustice to any individual or to any road,
and would most gladly recognize loyalty where
ever it may be found, and doubt not history
will disclose many individual cases of self-sac-
rificing devotion to the flag of their country
m the mountain regions of East Tennessee:
but at the same time they are desirous, for the
future safety of the country, of elevating the
general standard of loyalty, that after genera-
tions may discover that even interest points
to that loyalty which is shown by works and
aids in the active defense of the Government
when it is attacked. In other words, the com-
mittee would compensate that loyalty only
which has been proven by works.
Therefore, and as the testimony is convinc-
ing that the first and great effort is to come
from the State of Tennessee to obtain pay for
property destroyed or damaged that had been
used in war against the Government, and for
the very use of such property by the Govern-
ment, the committee think it important to in-
vestigate somewhat further the subject of loy-
altv in connection with this kast 1 ennessee and
Virginia road, in favor of which a more plausi-
ble argument may bo made than any other.
The testimony inclines the committee to the
belief that the president of this road, Mr.
Branncr, and tho superintendent, J. B. Hoxie,
preferred the United States Government, under
tho circumstances, to the rebel government;
but there is an entire absence of testimony to
show opposition to, or even open disapproba-
tion of, the rebellion or earnest sympathy with
tho United States Government.
Take the resolution, which has been copied,
of the board of directors, and it contains no
words offensive to rebels. It speaks of duty
"under the present condition of the country,"
the Federal arms, for the time being, being
victorious. We find no words of greeting for
the flag of the Union, for that would be offen-
sive to rebels, but we " believe our shops, &e.,
are in the hands of the Federals." Had a
reverse in arms occurred and the "Federals"
been driven from Knoxville, a resolution of
the same board that "under the present con-
dition of the country we deem it our duty to
run trains," &c., would not have been incon-
sistent.
And General Trowbridge, on page 23, Re-
port No. 34, testifies that the above resolution
was adopted "when General Burnside came
into East Tennesseo, "while the resolution itsei f
shows that it passed at a meeting held Sep-
tember 2, 1863. That was after the evacuation
of Knoxville by the rebels, the "American
Conflict," by Horace Greeley, page 428, show-
ing that the Federal cavalry advance occupied
it on the 1st of September.
Mr. J. B. Hoxie, superintendent, appears so
anxious to be regarded as having been ^thor-
oughly loyal that on page 37 of Report No. 34
he testifies:
"Immediately after General Burnside entered he
appointed me military superintendent of the road."
While history furnishes the fact that General
Burnside entered Knoxville in person on the
3d of September, amid great demonstrations
of loyalty, and on page 27 of Report No. 34
it will be seen that Mr. Hoxie was appointed
on the 9th of September.
Looking a little further at the subject of
loyalty and at facts connected with this road,
apparently more loyal than any other, on
page 30, Report No. 34, J. B. Hoxie is seen
to testify as follows :
" My residence during the war was at Knoxville."
"A portion of the time 1 was all engineer connected
with the road." " During the rebellion we were en-
gaged in carrying troops, munitions of war, and every-
thing else that wa- offered," " by the direction of the
officers of the road."
On page 51, Report No. 34. Mr. P. Dickin-
son, a stockholder and director in this road,
testifies:
"Before Burnside came he [Mr. Branncr, president
I of tho road] was at home," " 11h road wins run under
I his own control," " In the translocation of troops
■ for the rebels from one part of the country to anothei,
! and their supplies," ■ ■. " tie pursuml the same
! course in regaid to the road that he did for the Fede-
! rals, that is, he permitted theroad to he used by the
jj rebels in thesame waj that lie pel mittedliurnside to
i' use it; he allowed it to be used by the power that
j, held tho country." " Burn^de took the read out of
S, h:.- possesion, and he had nothing to dowith it lifter
!' Buinside arrived there until it was returned.
' j This is certainly an instance of submission
< to "the powers that be." Whether the gov-
