18GS.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3679
Ihe military department when lie took posses-
sion, as he had a right to do, and was instructed
to do by the Government, and removed those
occupants, so called, or claimants.
Mr. COLE. That was not at this island at;
all. It was another piece of property in a dif-
ferent place and under somewhat different cir-
cumstances.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope my colleague will
allow me to make a connected statement.
Mr. COLE. Excuse me for interrupting
you.
Mr. CONNESS. Of course it was in regard
to another piece of land ; but it stood upon
precisely the same principles. The case of
Grisar vs. McDowell, in which my colleague,
I believe, was a counsel against the Govern-
ment, was tried and determined by the Su-
preme Court here this year, and determined in
favor of the United States. The legal question
involved was that the squatting parties denied
the legality of the reservation made; but that
has been settled by the highest court in our
country. The possession claimed of this isl-
and was precisely upon the same terms and
the same ground, except that the parties
claiming this island went upon it and under-
took to occupy it when it was a reservation,
and the parties who claimed in the case of
Black Point, or the case of Grisar ra. McDow-
ell, were parties who were assignees of those
who had occupied. That is the only difference.
Otherwise, the cases are precisely the same.
Mr. President, the chairman of our commit-
tee [Mr. Howard] examined this claim of title
fully, and those parties have no title. They
came here and alleged a title, and then offered
it for sale. Some speculative persons, perhaps,
undertook to make a bargain with them. But
after it has been alleged and stated here, and
nobody questions it, that the Government has
not only a title to this island, but requires it for
military purposes, are you going now to adopt
a provision of law which shall recognize a title
unexamined, or in fact condemned? Why,
sir, it is not to be thought of for a single mo-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. In regard to the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from California
[Mr. Cole] I have a word to say. This island
was reserved for military purposes on the 12th
of October, 1866, by proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the United States, after a careful
examination of the claims which had been put
forth to the island on the part of private indi-
viduals. The matter seems to have been
referred to the district attorney of the northern
district of California to investigate those titles.
The result was he came to the conclusion that
there was no ground in law whatever for the
claims which have been referred to. There-
upon the President of the United States issued
this proclamation, or this order :
Executive Mansion^
Washington City, October 12,1866.
Whereas the island of Yerba Buena, in the bay of
San Francisco, is needed for defensive purposes, and
has been surveyed by the Government, and batteries
projected and planned for its occupation, the within
application is approved and referred to the Secretary
of the Interior, with directions to except and re-
serve the island of Yerba Buena, in the bay of San
Francisco, from relinquishment and grant to the city
of San Francisco, California, authorized by the act
of Congress, approved July 1,1864, and to designate
the said island as so excepted and reserved; and it is
ordered that the said island be retained by the Uni-
ted States for military uses.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Mr. MORTON. It occurs to me, if that is
worth anything at all, it is a good answer to
this bill, the whole of it.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Michigan
states that this island was reserved in 1866.
Mr. CONNESS. Eighteen hundred and
fifty-six.
Mr. COLE. Eighteen hundred and sixty-
six by Andiew Johnson. These persons have
been in possession there, as I reiterate, for
many years, and their possession antedates any
attempt to make it a military reservation. The
reservation of it for military uses was as much
a violation of the rights of these persons as if
the same power had been exercised in refer-
ence to a piece of land in the heart of the city
of San Francisco, if you please, on Montgom-
ery or Clay streets ; but if this reservation had
been made within the city of San Francisco,
would it be alleged here by my colleague or the
Senator from Michigan that the persons whose
lands and valuable improvements we're thus
taken in that city were not entitled to any com-
pensation for their improvements and lands
which they had occupied for fifteen or twenty
years, and upon which they had placed valua-
ble improvements? Is that the position taken?
If it is it is one from which I most earnestly
dissent.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, he is speaking of improvements made by
those settlers. I beg him to state, if he is
able to do so, what those improvements are.
Mr. COLE. I have already stated what
those improvements were. They consist of
farm houses, out-houses, orchards, wharves,
quarries, and other things too numerous to
mention—valuable improvements which I have
myself seen, and which anybody can see any
day from the ferry-boat that passes from San
Francisco to Oakland. These persons are, in
my judgment, clearly entitled to some consid-
eration.
I am aware of the decision which has been
made in the Supreme Court touching a case
somewhat similar. It was an action brought
by a person by the name of Grisar against
General McDowell for ousting him from his
residence on a military reservation in San
Francisco. The question as to whether Grisar
was entitled to compensation for disturbance
in his possession is one not now to be dis-
cussed. But this consideration must not, I
think, go for naught with Senators: that these
persons had been upon that island from some
time prior to the acquisition of the country by
the United States down to the year 1806, with
the supposition that they were entitled to their
possessions, and with as much ground for that
belief as other citizens in San Francisco had.
I know there is a disposition on the part of
some Senators and members of Congress to
treat "squatters," as they are termed, or set-
tlers, with great disrespect, and as if they were
not entitled to any regard from the Govern-
ment. That is not my opinion. The public
lands are the lands of the people of the United
States, and by law persons are entitled to go
and settle upon them, and notwithstanding one
adverse decision or opinion of an Attorney
General, I believe they are entitled to protec-
tion. Those persons, if any, upon the public
lands are entitled to some protection. If their
lands are to be taken for a public use, or a quasi
public use, their rights ought to be regarded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Califofnia.
Mr. COLE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ANTHONY, (who had voted in the
affirmative. 1 I beg to say that I did not en-
tirely comprehend the latter clause of the
amendment. I voted yea; but I will change
my vote and vote nay. I am willing to vote
for the amendment without the last clause.
I think the last clauses imposes obligations
upon the Government that we ought not to
assume.
The result was announced—yeas 11, nays
26; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew. Cole, Edmunds, Fow-
ler, Hendricks, McCrccry, Morton, Ross, Vickers,
Wade, and Willey—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conkling.Con-
ness, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Fessenden, Frehnghuy-
sen, Harlan, Howard, Johnson, McDonald, Morgan,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Welch,
Williams, and Yates—26. „ ,, „
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell, Cor-
bett, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Grimes, Henderson,
Howe, Morrill uf Maine, Moirill of Vermont, w orton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Rice. Saulshury,
Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, and Wilson—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose it is hardly
worth while to offer any amendments to this
bill; but I will move in the thirty-fourth line
to insert after the word " authorized'' the
words " if its charter so authorizes so as to
read :
The said Western Pacific Railroad Company are
also hereby authorized, if its charter so authorizes,
to locate and construct a road, &c.
I think there is no objec-
There is not the slighest
_ Mr. STEWART.
tion to that.
Mr. CONNESS.
objection to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Gentlemen accept this.
They think this one amendment may be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I understand the
effect of this license is that the Government
retain the title to the island ; that they grant
a privilege which they may suspend or determ-
ine at pleasure, and that they may take pos-
session of this part of the-island at pleasure
during war, and then transfer it back again to
the use of the company. I think there ought
to be a provision in the bill that if they sus-
pend or determine this privilege, and the struc-
tures or erections remain, the Government are
not to pay for them ; or if the Government
take possession of the island for a time, return-
ing it to the company, the Government shall
not pay for the use and occupation during that
period ; and to that end I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill ;
And provided further. That on the determination
or suspension of the privilege hereby granted, and
on the United States taking possession of that part
of the island to which such privilege applies, the
Government of the United States shall not be re-
quired to make compensation for any structures or
erections remaining thereon, or for the use or occu-
pation of said island or structures.
Mr. CONNESS. I have simply to say that
I do not think such an amendment as this was
ever before offered in such a case. We have
passed a score of acts giving the right given in
this bill to occupy parts of military reserva-
tions, but no such conditions wereeverimposed
as have already been imposed by this bill, and
by the amendments offered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask the Sen-
ator from California, so that we may under-
stand it, whether his idea is that the Govern-
ment is to pay for structures or erections that
may remain, or are to pay for such temporary
use and occupation of the island as they may
make? If the idea is net that they are to pay,
there is no objection to providing that they
shall not pay ; but if they are to pay I certainly
will not vote for the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I have nothing to say.
Mr. MORTON. I have something to say,
as my friend stops short. I submit now thaS
the objection made by the Senator from Cali-
fornia is a fair illustration of the iniquity of
this bill. It is simply to give the company the
use of this island, it is said, we to resume
it when we need it; we to hold the title; but
in the meantime they have costly structures
there, as they will have, depots, machine-
shops, railroad tracks, houses for employes to
live in. War comes on, and we want it; but,
says the Senator, we must now pay for th&se
things that we find there, and which are in
the way.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator says nothing
of that kind, and the honorable Senator from
Indiana is not authorized to put that language
in my mouth.
Mr. MORTON. Well, Mr. President, the
opposition to this amendment says that dis-
tinctly, if it means anything. If they do not
mean that, why oppose the amendment ?
Mr. CONNESS. Why, Mr. President, have
I no right to oppose an amendment unless such
language as the Senator chooses shall be mine?
That is it, is it?
Mr. MORTON. I speak of the effect of
opposing this amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Ah!
Mr. MORTON. I say it means that, or it
means nothing. If Senators do not mean that
the Government shall pay for the machine
shops, and for the depots, and for the struc-
tures that may be there in case of war and we
