18-68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1631
chamber of life insurance.
Mr. ELIOT, on behalf of his colleague, Mr.
Boutwell, who was absent on business of the
House, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 842) to
incorporate the Chamber of Life Insurance of
the U nited States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
public debt.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 843) to regulate the public
debt; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committe of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
industrial interests.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 220) for the encouragement and
protection of all the industrial interests of the
United States ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
impeachment.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 221) requiring the impeach-
ment instituted against Andrew J ohnson, Pres-
ident of the United States, to be proceeded in
with as little delay as justice may require;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
warehousing system.
Mr. MORRELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 844) to modify the warehousing system,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Manufactures, and ordered to be printed.
duty on imports.
Mr. BROOMALL introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 222) increasing the duty on
certain imports; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
thomas f. bowler.
Mr. HUNTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
845) for the relief of Thomas F. Bowler, of
New Mexico ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
construction of telegraph lines.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 846) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to aid in the construction of telegraph
lines and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses," passed July 24, 1866; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
international pacific railroad.
Mr. RAUM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
847) to aid in the construction of the Interna-
tional Pacific railroad from Cairo, Illinois, to
the Rio Grande river, to authorize the consol-
idation of certain railroad companies, and to
provide homesteads for laborers on said roads;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. RAUM moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals and
printed.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAUM. I object to that reference.
Mr. J UL1AN. If I understand the bill it
belongs to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAUM. I think not. It does not relate
to the public lands. It makes no donation of
public lands.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask for the reading of
the bill.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
bill.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not think it is necessary
to have the bill read; the House understands
its character.
Mr. CHANLER. Very well; I withdraw
the call.
Mr. RAUM. I understand that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] does not press
his motion.
Mr. JULIAN. I must ask that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have the privilege of
looking into the bill before 1 withdraw my
motion.
Mr. RAUM. Well; I trust the House will
not agree to the motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable.
The question was put on Mr. Julian's mo-
tion to refer the bill to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands ; and there were—ayes 32, noes 42 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Raum
and Julian were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 44, noes 53.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals, and ordered to beprinted.
leate of absence.
On motion of Mr. WELKER, leave of ab-
sence was granted for ten days to Mr. Bock-
land.
On motion of Mr. SPALDING, leave of ab-
sence for ten days was granted to Mr. Mul-
lins.
crowtiibr institute.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 848) to incorporate Crowther Institute in
the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
jurisdiction of district courts.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
849) to amend an act entitled "An act ex-
tending the jurisdiction of the district courts
to certain cases upon the lakes and navigable
water connecting the same," approved Feb-
ruary 20, 1845 ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
land grants to michigan and wisconsin.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 223) concerning certain lands
granted to the States of Michigan and Wiscon-
sin for a military road to Lake Superior ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
sale of reservation at dubuque.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
850) to authorize the sale of a reservation of
public lands in Dubuque, Towa: which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
memorial of wisconsin legislature.
Mr. SAWYER presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, for an extension
of time for the construction and completion
of a military road from Fort Wilkins, Copper
Harbor, Keweenaw county, Michigan, to I< ort
Howard, Green Bay, in the State of Wisconsin ;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
ann williams.
Mr. HOPKINS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
851) granting a pension to Ann Williams; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
mississippi and lake michigan.
Mr. ELDRIDGE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, in
relation to the project of connecting, by navi-
gable channels through the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers, the waters of the Mississippi with the
waters of Lake Michigan; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
mail routes in california.
Mr. HIGBY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of California, asking
for the establishment of certain mail routes in
that State; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
school of mines.
Mr. HIGBY also presented joint, resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of California,
asking the establishment of a school of mines;
which were referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining.
land district in minnesota.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 852) to create an additional land district
in the State of Minnesota; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
mrs. catharine dreyjtcr.
Mr. DONNELLY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 853) for the relief of Mrs. Catharine
Dreyer; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
dissolution of indian commission.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 854) to dissolve the commision
authorized by the act 'to establish peace with
certain hostile tribes of Indians, approved
July 20, 1867 ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
LOT BOWEN.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 855) for the relief of
Lot Bowen, of Harrison county, West Vir-
ginia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
charles t. weston.
Mr. LINCOLN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 223) for the relief of Charles T.
Weston, of Pennsylvania; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
twenty-first new york cavalry.
Mr. LINCOLN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 850) for the relief of the members of
the twenty-first New York cavalry ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
william f. moses.
Mr. ORTII introduced a bill (H. R. No.
857) granting a pension to William F. Moses,
of Indiana ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
safety of steamboat travel
Mr. STEWART introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 858) to amend an act entitled " An actto
provide for the better security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
aid to railroads.
The SPEAKER. The next business in or-
der is the consideration of a resolution pend-
ing at the expiration of the morning hour on
Tuesday last, and which was offered by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the public welfare demands that the
pecuniary obligations of the United States should bo
kept within the nairowest limits consistent with the
necessary requirements of the Government, and
therefore it is not expedient at this time to enlarge
said obligations by extending aid to the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, or any other company, by
granting boyond the terms of existing laws subsidies
in the bonds of the United States, or by guarantying
the payment of any stock or other liabilities of said
company, or any other corporations, and that tho
committees of this House be instructed to report no
bill during this session of Congress in conflict with
this resolution.
The question was upon agreeing to the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] not being able to be present
this morning, the Chair, at his request, will
recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania
Mr. Scofield] as having charge of the resolu-
tion.
