1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
knowledge of the committee except the chair-
man. I do not mean that it has been reported
without their knowledge of the fact, but with-
out a full knowledge on their part of the pro-
visions of the bill. I think, therefore, that it
ought to be recommitted to that committee)
because it involves very important changes in
the revenue laws on the western and north-
western lakes.
I think it very likely, as the Senator from
Michigan has stated this morning, that there
are some inconveniences in the present regu-
lations as applied to the commerce of the lakes,
and I have no doubt that this bill will be
approved by the ship-owners or those engaged
in navigation on the lakes, because it would
relieve them from difficulty and inconvenience.
The same may be said of the Treasury regula-
tions or the commercial regulations on the
coast. They are all inconvenient. They sub-
ject the owners of vessels and freighters to
inconvenience, but they are found necessary
in order to secure the collection of therevenue,
prevent frauds upon the revenue, and for all
those purposes which are subserved in those
cases where individuals must submit to incon-
venience in order to the advancement of the
public good. 1 suppose in the case the Sena-
tor mentions, where vessels start on one of the
lakes taking in cargoes for different points, it
may be inconvenient to await the necessary
entries at the custom-house and to change their
manifests. Perhaps some provision ought to
be made in reference to that, if any can be
made consistently with the revenue. But,
nevertheless, if that can be done, the same
necessity does not involve a very large and
serious reduction of the fees which are exacted
by law for the operations of navigation upon
the lakes as elsewhere, for they are the same
all over the country. '
This bill goes on to make a very large and
serious reduction. It in fact changes the law
so that all the regulations with regard to fees
which are applicable to other sections of the
country are reduced on the lakes to about one
half what they are elsewhere. The answer
which the honorable Senator made the other
day was that it only has a tendency to reduce
the profits of the custom-house officers; but
we are all aware that the salaries of the custom-
house officers are paid out of the fees, and if
you reduce the fees so that they do not reach
the amount the officers are allowed by law to
take, I suppose it must be made up out of the
Treasury.
There are other objections to the bill, but
my great objection to it is that it has not been
considered by the committee. I do not believe
that it is proper or safe to legislate upon a
matter of so much importance, on a bill brought
in here simply by permission of the commit-
tee, when the committee itself has not exam-
ined it. Therefore, sir, I move that it be recom-
mitted to the Comiiiillee on Commerce, in
order that the committee may have a chance
to examine it, and consider the objections,
which are numerous, that are made at the
Treasury Department against the bill itself.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Maine brings a very grave and serious
charge against myself as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. He says that he has
been around to six members of that committee
and got a statement from them, and that I
stated what was not true when i said that this
bill had been carefully considered by the Com-
mittee on Commerce. The Senator can make
his own deduction and state it in his own lan-
guage. I shall take no offense at anything he
may say. I stated, sir, that this bill had been
carefully considered by the Committee on Com-
meice; and it had been carefully considered
by that committee. It was before the Com-
mittee on Commerce for, 1 think, about three
months, and every member of that committee
will bear me witness that I brought it to their
attention at every meeting, or nearly every
meeting, after we had received the opinion
from the Secretary of the Treasury. It is true
that the committee deferred somewhat to my
knowledge of the wants of western commerce.
It was familiar to me, and more familiar to me
than to any one else, I- having been connected
with it and engaged in it for more than thirty
years past. If the bill should be now recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce, I pre-
sume there is not a single member of the
committee who will give it any more attention
than was given to it during the'three months it
was before them. They certainly listened to
the reading of the whole bill once, if not twice,
and perhaps three times, and approved of it
unanimously, as I stated; but they said to me,
"You understand this thing better than we
do." Well, sir, I do; and I understand it
better than the clerk at the Treasury Depart-
ment who wrote the opinion, for he knows
nothing about it—nothing whatever.
Our commerce is different from that of the
Atlantic ocean. Our ports are, perhaps, every
fifteen or twenty miles along Lake Erie. You
yourself, sir, know very well that vessels leav-
ing Chicago touch, perhaps, ten times during
the day. Would you compel a vessel stopping
ten times a day, perhaps to discharge a single
barrel or two or three barrels of freight, to pay
the same custom-house fees that you would
charge a foreign ship that takes in a full cargo
for a foreign port and touches at no place for,
perhaps, thirty days? The proposition is an
absurdity. Here is a great burden upon the
commerce of the lakes. I hold in my hand a
statement showing something of this great
burden. There is a little steamboat called the
Reindeer, upon which my colleague has ridden
very often, which is worth, I should think,
about ten thousand dollars—no more than that.
She runs from Detroit seventy miles north.
Shfe makes frequent landings; and last year
tllis little boat, worth $10,000, paid $1,140 for
^fiianifests alone, or one ninth of her whole
value.
The Senator says that we must protect the
custom-house officers. Why, sir, the custom-
house officers in the State of Michigan say that
this is a just and proper bill and ought to be
passed. True, they say it may cut down their
fees, but it is justice. We give our custom-
house officers on the lakes a salary of $1,000
per year, and then give them the fees up to
the maximum of $2,500 a year. The Senator
says that great reductions in the fees are made
by this bill. I can inform him that the reduc-
tions are exceedingly small, and they are so
small that they are hardly worth noticing. I
have the old fee bill in my hand and that here
provided for, and the average will not vary five
per cent., in my judgment. For example, " for
certifying manifest, including master's oath,
and granting permit for vessels to go from
district to district, over fifty tons." the old price
was filty cents, and the new price fifty cents ;
under fifty tons, twenty-five cents now, twen-
ty-five cents before; "for granting license,
including bond and oath," Ipl 50 was the old
fee. This is reduced to $1 20. The reductions
are exceedingly small, and, in my judgment,
four fifths of the items are not changed at all.
Some are increased and some diminished. The
opinion of not only our mercantile men but our
custom-house officers is that the bill is an em-
inently just and proper one and ought to pass.
It is a bill that interests no section of the
country except the lakes. It touches no other
commerce but the commerce of the lakes; and
I hope, in accordance with the unanimous
request of the mercantile interests oftheNorth-
west, that this bill will be permitted to pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill cer-
tainly touches largely the interests of my con-
stituents, as Lake Champlain borders the entire
length of the State; and if it is to be a con-
venience to anybody it will be a convenience to
the people of Vermont. But, Mr. President,
I think it also reaches to other portions of the
country than merely the northwestern lakes.
I find that the language of the bill is—-
That the master of every vessel enrolled or
licensed in tbc foreign oi coasting trade on the north-
erii. nnrtlieastern ;ui<l northwestern frontiers of the
United btates shall, &c.
That clearly embraces our coasting trade
throughout New England or the northeast,
where the practice of coasting vessels to touch
from port to port is at least as great as it ison
the lakes of the Northwest. When the bill was
under consideration before I had a copy of it
before me and made several annotations upon
it, but that bill I am unable to find at the pres-
ent moment. It seems to me, however, that if
we pass this bill allowing masters of vessels to
touch at any port they please, leaving no track
or sign behind them, discharging and receiving
cargo either at ports where there is acollection
district or where there is not, we are about to
open the door for an indefinite amouut of fraud.
Then allow me to call the attention of the
Senate for a moment to another feature of the
bill contained in the third section :
Tbatsteam-tugs duly enrolled and licensed to en-
gage in the loreii;n and coasting trade oil the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of the
United States, when exclusively employed in lowing
vessels, shall not be required to report and call at
the custom-house.
On Lake Champlain this may embrace a very
large amount of the business that is trans-
acted. We have steam-tugs that are con-
stantly plying through to Montreal and to the
upper waters of the St. Lawrence, to Ottowa,
and other places, coming back with lumber
and with various other articles ; and it is also
the same at the upper end of the lake. If
these vessels are not required to stop and
report and be examined by revenue inspectors,
they may carry any amount of concealed mer-
chandise and defraud the revenue daily to the
amount of thousands and thousands of dollars.
Vessels and boats not touching at ports of
entry have been detected within the last three
or four years in transporting such articles as
tobacco, carrying it into Canada, and then
bringing it back in order to avoid the internal
revenue tax. If this bill passes, and they are
thenceforward to go without any inspection,
without any notice, it is not difficult to see
that any amount of fraud will be practiced. 1
am free to say that the evil complained of by
the Senator from Michigan should be corrected
if any practicable mode can be adopted by
which we can grant facilities to the masters
of vessels to stop at ports without duplicating
and reduplicating manifests. But I am un-
willing that a bill of this character, which
seems to me to open very widely the door for
any amount of fraud, tempted as our people
are now by the high rates of duty we are com-
pelled to impose upon foreign merchandise in
order to support the Government, lam unwill-
ing that such a bill should pass, not only with-
out the consideration of the committee, if that
be so—and 1 know nothing about that fact, but
it seems to be a controverted point—but with-
out the full consideration of the Treasury
Department, of the ofliccrs there havingcharge
of such matters, and the head of the Treasury.
We ought to know what their suggestions are,
what the fault is that they find with the bill,
and what amendments they may desire to pro-
pose. I hope, therefore, that the motion of
the Senator from Maine will be adopted, and
the bill be recommitted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I feel
somewhat interested in this bill, because I know
something of the inconveniences suffered by
men engaged in commerce upon the lakes. I
have heard of these complaints. I do not pre-
tend to be familiar with this branch of busi-
ness, and I cannot answer the objections that
are made by the Senator from Vermont and
the Senator from Maine as to this bill not being
sufficiently guarded. Nobody, I apprehend,
wants a bill to pass that will encourage smug-
gling or prevent the collection of the revenue.
1 apprehend that the Senator from Michigan
is just as much opposed to that as the Senator
from Vermont. Now, we have a bill prepared by
one of our committees, that comes in here to
correct what I am satisfied is a very great in-
convenience, and I think that some bill of this
