S680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
have to take possession of the island, let this
amendment be adopted. Sir, in this way this
little donation, this insignificant little affair
may cost us several million dollars in case it
becomes necessary for us to resume the pos
session of the island. Is not that manifest to
everybody? I do not expect that this amend-
ment will prevail; bat the tiling is so plain that
it cannot be avoided, nor can it be explained
away. It is intended to be left in that posi-
tion ; this amendment is to be voted down ; so
that if we have to take possession of it, as this
board of engineers say we ought to keep it in
the first place, then we have got to pay this
railroad company for their improvements.
That is all there is of it.
Mr. CONNBSS. No, Mr. President, I did
not say, nor do I care whether it is voted up
or voted down ; but I protest and give notice
to my friend from Indiana now, in all con-
science and good nature, that heisnot author-
ized to attribute to me language that I have
not used, nor motives that do not exist in me ;
nor do I think it is right for him to denounce
as iniquitous a measure that has been sustained
and supported by a large majority of this body.
I think that is going a little too far. 1 beg the
honorable Senator's pardon for saying that
much; but it so seems to me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. MORTON and Mr. ANTHONY called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to say one word in
relation to this amendment. I supposed when
the Pacific railroad bill was enacted into a law
in 1802, and when the Government undertook
to grant lands and subsidies, supposed to be
worth one or two hundred million dollars,
that the nation had some interest in the con-
struction of this work; but even at that time
learned and able Senators on this floor placed
barriers and embarrassments around the bill
which prevented any one of the four companies
charged with the construction of this work
from moving an inch for two years. I need
not name now what they were. Every Senator
who is conversant with that legislation prob-
ably will remember it as vividly as 1 do. And
now, when it is proposed to give this railroad
and the United States a terminus where prod-
uce and freight can be shipped and unshipped
without the embarrassment of unnecessary tax-
ation and unnecessary expense of handling,
able and honorable Senators here are disposed
to embarrass it by clogging the bill with un-
usual provisions. Does not every Senator
know that if private property is taken for the
public use the Constitution provides that the
owners shall be compensated therefor; and
why should we place in a bill here a provision
that these private individuals shall not be paid
for the private property they place on the
public lands, and in that way render it im-
practicable for the company to put the term-
inus of the road where the nation and the
trading world demand that it should be put?
All that is granted here is merely_ the right
to use the land on which to build their railroad
track and railroad depots; and Senators want
to place barriers in the way of proceeding to
construct that work that will frighten men from
building the work where it is needed by the
nation and by the world. It does seem to me
that if a majority of the Senate are not enemies
to the construction of this work where it ought
to be constructed, they ought not to place these
unnecessary barriers in the way. We grant
$480,000 a mile in bonds ; that is, the use of
them, the loan of them, to enable this company
to build its road over the public land ; we grant
them the land, the right of way, and then grant
them the right to condemn private property
and pay for it at its appraised value.
Sir. C0NKL1NG. I wish the Senatorwould
allow me to make a suggestion? Beyond what
he says of the inequity that strikes me as re-
markable about this amendment is this: these
erections may be made very expensive, as wo
know they are to be, and the time may come
at once when they are taken possession of by
the Government before any use whatever has
accrued to the grantees. Would it not be very
monstrous in that case to provide that, however
early the taking possession might be, it should
be without any sort of compensation,_ and with-
out an application of the constitutional pro-
vision to which the Senator refers ?
Mr. DAVIS. The remarks of the honorable
Senator from Iowa induce me to believe that
the interpretation given by thfe Senator from
Indiana who last addressed the Senate on the
subject is about right. This railroad company
is asking for a great privilege, to make one of
its termini upon this island, and to have the
liberty to erect its necessary buildings upon it.
It is entirely in the option of the Government
to impose any conditions they may please upon
this temporary use of this island by the rail-
road company. The conditions that thisamend-
ment propose are not unreasonable. They are
just; they are proper. Jjet them be distinctly
named to the corporation.; and if the corpora-
tion does not choose to accept the use of the
island upon these conditions let them decline
it. It is no great privilege to the Government
to have the terminus of this railroad located
and its buildings erected on this island. It is
for the benefit of the corporation ; and if the
island should be required at any future time
or in any future exigency of the country or the
Government for the purposes of defense and
fortification, let the company place the island
just as they found it. It is not for the benefit
ofthe country ; it is for the benefit of the cor-
poration that these various buildings, machine-
shops, depots, and everything of that kind are
to be built. If they are not willing to accept
the grant upon those terms for the temporary
use of the island let them decline it, and let
them hunt another location.
I say it is absurd, it is monstrous, it is impu-
dent for the company to ask the use of the
island and to erect such buildings asitchooses
and require the Government to pay millions,
if you please, or whatever may be the sum of
the cost of those buildings when they are to
be removed. Sir, there is a sovereign right
that the Government has to give or withhold
the use of this island from this corporation.
The idea that if this island is required at any
future time for the necessary important mili-
tary defense of San Francisco or of the country,
the Government should be required, when ap-
propriating the island to that use, to pay mil-
lions and millions to this company for the pur-
pose of removing any structures that it may
choose to build upon the island is impudent
to the last degree. Instead of being unjust,
it is liberal in the highest degree for the Gov-
ernment to extend to this company the use of
this island, and to say to it, " When it is to be
resumed by the Government for any purpose,
it must be put back in the same position as
when the company found it, without charging
upon the Government a large sum of money to
remove buildings that the company may put
upon it. Unless this amendment or something
equivalent to it is attached as a condition to
this temporary use of the island by the corpo-
ration, I, for one, will vote against the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I feel called upon hp the
present aspect of the question to apologize to
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hexdeicks]
for some remarks 1 made to him in the open-
ing of this debate. I put the point to him
rather strongly that this bill, as it stood, was
simply a permission to this railway company
to occupy our land there while we did not want
it, with the right in us to take it back and use
it ourselves when we did want it. I would not
have said that to him if I did not think that it
was what the bill meant. So ithad been inter-
preted to me by an honorable Senator.
Mr. CONNESS. That is precisely .what it
meant.
Mr. HOWE. So I understood the Senator
from California to say was the true meaning
of it when I made the statement to the Senator
from Indiana; and as such I was willing to
vote for it; but 
Mr. NYE. Let ns see if we cannot get
through with this bill. I want to know if this
amendment prevents our removing the struc-
tures from off the island?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not at all.
Mr. NYE. Then provide for that, that we
may have the right to remove the structures,
and I think there will be no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. That is perfectly fair.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me to say one word?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I said, having charge of
the bill here, feeling somewhat concerned in it,
as I do, that I did not care whether this amend-
ment was voted up or voted down. The Sen-
ator, as he states the case, states precisely my
understanding of it. If this bill were not to
provide a great public convenience I should
not be its advocate.
Mr. HOWE. With that understanding the
Senator from Nevada says he is perfectly will-
ing that the amendment should be adopted.
Mr. NYE. With the understanding that we
can remove the structures at any time ; that
the Government shall not hold the structures,
and not pay for them.
Mr. CONNESSand Mr. STEWART. Never
mind that; let it go.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Several Senators. Withdraw the call.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not call for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
for the yeas and nays can be withdrawn by
unanimous consent. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. At the suggestion of two or
three Senators I offer an amendment to inseic
as an additional proviso the following :
And provided further. That this act shall not impair
the rights or claims of persons in possession ot' the
Island of Yerba Buena at the time of the late mili-
tary occupation thereof.
The objection, it seems, to a provision sim-
ilar to this, which was discussed a few minutes
ago, was to that which was added to it. This
is a provision very nearly the same as that
which is contained in all the Pacific railroad
bills. I think there can be no objection to this.
Mr. CONNESS. I have not the slighest
objection to it. I had objection to the other
provision connected with it.
Mr. COLE. I incorporated in the former
amendment a provision in reference to the
laws of California, because, as I then stated,
the laws of California provide an easy way by
which rights of this character can be ascer-
tained and determined.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is taken
I wish to make just one remark. It is now
proposed to pass this bill without information
as to the extent of this island, as to its value,
as to its connection with the coast, with the
statement of one of the California Senators,
who lives in the city of San Francisco, that there
is no difficulty on the part of this company in
reaching deep water without occupying this
island. In view of an adverse report by the
Engineer Bureau of the WarDepartment, when
Congress is officially informed by the War De-
partment that no such structures ought to be
allowed upon the island, that the necessity of
it for military p urposes in making a proper
defense of that great harbor on the Pacific coast
forbids this use, we propose to give to this rich
corporation an island of immense value; of
