Tfil CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3;
Mr. SCOFIELD. This is a very important
resolution, and I hope we will have si full vote
upon it. I call for the previous question.
Mr. NEW COMB. I hope the gentleman
will not press the previous question at this time.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 44, not voting
67; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, ArnclJ, Delos It.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Barnum,
Beck, Broinwell, Burr, Cake, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Egglcston, Eld-
ridgc, Eliot, Farnsworth, Golladay, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Higby, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester B. Hub-
bard, Xngcrsoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Kelley,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, L&flin, George V. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin,
McCarlhy, McClurg, McCormick, Miller, Morrell,
M$ gen, |£y$rs, Newcomb, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Pam«, Ferham, Peters, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Starkweather. Stewart, Tafie, Thomas, John
Trimble. Twichell. Van Aernam, Robert T. Van
Horn. Van Wyck, .John T.Wilson, Stephen J?. "Wil-
son. Wintfom, and "Woodbridge—78.
is AYS — Messrs. Allison, Bcatty, Brooks, Broom-
nll, Cary. Chanler, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Culiom, Eckley, Getz, Glossbronncr, Haight, Hard-
ing, llill,Holman, Humphrey, Iiuntor, Julian, Kerr,
William Lawrcnco, Loughridge, Mcrcur, Moore,
Niblack, Orth, Pike, Polsley, Ross, Scolicld, Shanks,
Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Tabor, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Upson, VanTrump, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washbume, Welker, and James F.
Wilson—44
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Bailey,
Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blaine. Blair, Boutwcll, Boyer, Buckland,
Butler, Reader W. Clarke, CoVodc, Dawes, Dodge,
Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Fox, Garfield,
Grover. Halsey, Hawkins, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones, Kel-
sey, Knott, Logan, Marshall, Maynard, McCullough,
Moorhcad, Morgan. Morrisscy, Mullins, Nunn,
Phelps, Pile, Price, Pruyn, Randall, llobinson, Selyc,
Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Sl.one, Law-
rence S. Tiimble, Van Aukon. Burt Van Horn,
Ward, He/nry 1). Washburn, Will iam B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, Wood, and
"W oodwurd—(57.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. NEWCOMB moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of dusiness.
■The SPEAKER. The next business in order
during the morning hour is the call of States
in inverse order lor resolutions, commencing
with the State of Iowa.
regulation of railroad freight rates.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into and report to tlie House
whether in their opinion Congress has the power
under the Constitution to regulato tho rotes to be
charged for freights by railroads engaged in com-
merce between the different States of the Union.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
extra pay of committee clerks.
Mr. PRICE. I snhmit the following reso-
lution, on which I demand the previous ques-
tion :
Ilezolved, That the clerks to committees in the
House of Representatives shall be entitled to the
same additional compensation as the other employes
ot tho House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise tho point of
order that the House cannot by a mere resolu-
tion increase the pay of its employ6s. An act
of Congress is necessary for such a purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The House can authorize the
payment to the clerks of its committees of
whatever pay it thinks proper.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 believe it has been
decided otherwise.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman can pro-
duce any such decision the Chair will reverse
his ruling. The Chair is confident, however,
that the gentleman can produce no such de-
cision. Resolutions fixing the per diem pay of
committee clerks have been repeatedly adopted
by the House.
On seconding the demand for the previous
questioft there were—ayes 43, noes 20; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, undo? the rale, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Price and Hol-
ma IT.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 03, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereofthe resolution was adopted,
there being—ayes GO, noes 36.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Tennessee asked and
obtained leave of absence for fifteen days.
Mr. BAKER asked and obtained leave of
absence for live days, for the purpose of bring-
ing his family from the South.
enrolled hill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee ou Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill of the following title ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 308) authorizing the sale
of an unoccupied military site at Waterford,
Pennsylvania.
public affairs in texas.
Mr. LOAN submitted the following resolu-
tion :
llesolved, That the Committco on tho Judiciary be
instructed to lnquiro into and to report, without un-
necessary delay, tho law and laets involved in the
following propositions:
1. Whether the (State government of the State of
Texas existing in ItSGOyet exists; and, if not, at what
time itceased to exist,and what government, power,
or authority succoedcd to tlie political and other
rights of said State government.
"i. Whether tho rebel government that existed in
Texas for several years during the late rebellion suc-
ceeded to any of the rights, political or others, of the
former government of that State; and, it so, to what
rights did the rebel de Jucto government succeed;
aro any of the acts done or any laws enacted by its
authority valid; for instance, are marriages solem-
nized under and by virtue ot laws ot, or authority
derived irom, said rebel government valid, and the
issue of such marriages legitimate.
o. Was the rebel government existing in Texas
during the late rebellion a de facto government suffi-
ciently established so as to acquire, under the law of
nations or otherwise, the right to the land and other
property owned by the State of Texas prior to the
lebcliion; and, if not, what government, State, or
power now owns the lund and other property which
Belonged to tho State of Texas at tho time of tho
commencement of the rebellion; if the de facto rebel
government succeeded as such to all the rights of the
State of Texas existing at the time ot the rebellion;
what rights, if any, accrued to the federal Govern-
ment as conqueiors of the rebel de facto government;
has tiie Federal Government, by conquest or other-
wise, since the time ot the commencement of the re-
bellion, acquired any title to the land and other prop-
erty which belonged to the State of Texas at that
time; can the United States, as sovereign under tho
laws of war, acquire by conquest and succeed to the
rights of propel ty ot a State ol the Union by the sup-
pression of a rebellion in such Stato such as was that
of Texas in the late war.
indian spoliation claims.
ThcSPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to arcsolu-
tion of the House, relatingto amountsof Indian
spoliation claims in the Department of the Inte-
rior growing out of the Indian war ill Oregon,
Washington, and Montana Territories ; which,
on motion of Mr. WlN'DOM, was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
united states mint.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
letter from the Director of the Mint, relative to
covering into the Treasury certain moneys, &c..
under the provisions of House bill No. 685;
which was referred to the Committee ou
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
pay for mail transportation.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House, relative to railroads between
Baltimore and New York receiving greater
compensation for the transportation of the
mails than other first-class railroads; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
life-saving inventions.
The SPEAKER, byunanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House, the
report of the commission on life-saving inven-
tions, convened in New York city, April 8,1867;
which, on motion of Mr. Eliot, was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
protest of membeks.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the first question in order is the unfin-
ished business of last evening, being the motion
made by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of spreading before the House a.protest
of certain members in reference to the pro-
ceedings of this House on the impeachment
of the President.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think, Mr. Speaker, as
a part of the motion I made last night, the
communication which members have signed
and desire to have laid before the House ought
to bo read, in order that what I ask may be
understood. I will not demand the yeas and
nays on the suspension of the rules if the com-
munication be allowed to be read. It ought
to be before the House before it is voted on;
and certainly it ought not to be objected to
until it is read. It will not take more than
five minutes, and at the farthest not more than
ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. KELLEY and Mr. ARNELL objected.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. As a question of right
it is a part of my motion to suspend the rules.
My motion cannot be understood unless it is
read to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides it can-
not be read as a matter of right. The gentle-
man can ask unanimous consent to have it
read before the vote on the motion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair misappre-
hends the point 1 wish to make to the House,
and if the House will allow me I will state it.
Mr. KELLEY. If the motion to suspend
the rules is debatable, I ask the gentleman to
yield to me a moment.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I submit the point of
order to the Chair, and insist on it, that a
motion to suspend the rules for the purpose
of considering this matter takes away the right
of any person to make objection, and that, as
part of my motion, I must have the communi-
cation read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. KELLEY. This question is not debat-
able, and the gentleman cannot have it read,
for that would be discussion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not claim that it
shall be spread as a matter of right upon the
Journal of the House ; I know the ruling of the
House in that regard. I simply claim, as a
part of the motion to suspend the rules, I have
the right to have the communication read, so
the House may understand it; and thereupon
I propose to place myself.
Mr. KELLEY. I protest against this dis-
cussion of an undebatable question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is about the cour-
tesy I can expect from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
