2656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
kind ought to pass. I have heard of these
complaints at Chicago; and I do not know
how we are to legislate if we are not to consider
such a bill, when one of our committees having
charge of the matter has had it under consider-
ation for months, has investigated the subject,
has been in correspondence with the Treasury
Department in regard to it, has ascertained
what the views of the Treasury Department
were in reference to it, and then framed the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have those views;
they are in writing; they can be read at the
Clerk's desk if the Senator wants to hoar them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the commit-
tee have seen them.
Mr. CliANDLBR. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it was not commu-
nicated to the Senate that the views of the
Department were against the bill, as a very
dangerous one, and one which ought not to pass.
Mr._ TRUMBULL. Certainly, I have no
objection to proper amendments, so far as I
am concerned. I have not charge of the bill.
I am only speaking of what is admitted to be
an evil and a great inconvenience that certainly
can be corrected to some extent by legislation,
and ought to be corrected. When a bill ia
brought in for that purpose, and the Treasury
Department have been consulted about it, and
a committee has acted upon it, I do not know
when we are ever to liaveany legislation if you
are to refer it back to the same committee which
has considered the matter. 1 think it ought to
be properly considered, and this is the appro-
priate committee. It the Senator having the
bill particularly in charge thinks any further
investigation is needed, or supposes that there
is any new information to be obtained in regard
to it, I have no objection to its going back to
the committee; but I would not vote to recom-
mit this bill to the same committee that has
had it under consideration unless something
new is to be brought to their attention. We
had better try to amend the bill in the Senate
if it needs amendment; let the Senator from
Maine propose such amendments as are neces-
sary to guard the revenue. Certainly the object
of the bill is not, I am sure, to avoid the col-
lection of the revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say, so far as I
am concerned, that I have not the slightest
objection, il there are those inconveniences
there and they can he avoided by legislation,
to having that done. I have not the slightest
objection to that. My attention was called to
the bill early. I happened to look at it, and
it struck me that it was a dangerous bill ; that
it made very serious and important changes in
the revenue laws ; and that was the reason of
the inquiry I made of the honorable Senator
ironi Michigan, whether it had been submitted
to the .treasury Department. His answer, not
intentional perhaps, was that it had ; and he
stopped there, and I rested satisfied with it,
until, the bill not being passed, 1 made some
inquiry with regard to it, and found that it had
been submitted to the Department, and that
they had given a decided opinion against it in
detail, fbe Senator from Michigan says that
the men who gave that opinion know nothing
about it, and that he does know about it.
J hat may be, but still we are in the habit of
believing that the Treasury Department have
some knowledge of matters committed to their
charge. Labor is divided there, and these
matters are under the charge of intelligent
men who make them their study and endeavor
to ascertain what the good of the community
requires with reference to them ; and I am
in the habit, and shall continue in that habit
until X see good reason to the contrary, of
believing that they do know something about
the matters to which they give their daily
attention. It is probable that they may not
know the inconveniencesof which the Senator
speaks so well as he knows them ; but it is also
, probable that they know what the effect would
be of certain provisions in this bill; and any-
body may see that a reduction of fees reduces
the revenue, and anybody may see that facili-
ties afforded to smuggling reduce the revenue
much more. That does not require any very
particular experience or knowledge to ascer-
tain.
Now, sir. if it is considered that the examin-
ation of the subject by the honorable Senator
from Michigan is sufficient, and that we are to
pass the bill upon his view of what the inter-
ests of commerce require, and his view alone,
I have nothing to say. I did not mean to
charge the honorable Senator with stating an
untruth, as he supposes ; but I meant simply
to say that I was informed by members of the
committee that they had left the matter en-
tirely to their chairman, relying upon his ex-
amination and his knowledge of the subject.
That was all. I do not think that in a case
where a gentleman represents a particular sec-
tion of the country, and a bill presented by
him affects more particularly bis section of the
country, it ought to be passed by Congress into
a law without examination by more individuals
than the single Senator who brings it forward,
because lie may naturally be influenced very
much in his views by the wishes of those he
represents.
I send to the Chair, and should like to have
read, a copy of the letter addressed by the
Department to the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
feels bound to arrest further proceedings on
this bill by announcing that, the morning hour
having expired, the unfinished business of yes-
terday is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. 1'ESSENDEN. Very well, sir.
OllDBU OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HAltLAN. I think by resolution
days since the Senate decided to devote to-d,
to the consideration of bills on the Calend
pertaining to the District of Columbia. If it
requires a motion to proceed to the considera-
tion of those bills, I will submit it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. 1 hope
we shall go on with the bill in reference to
Arkansas. The Senator from Iowa himself
will see the propriety of finishing that bill.
We certainly ought to dispose of it. It has
been under consideration one or two days, and
I hope the Senate will not adjourn to-night
until we get a final vote upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 make the motion, in
order that my remarks may bo in order, that
the present and all prior orders be postponed
with a view of proceeding to the consideration
ol bills on the Calendar pertaining to the Dis-
trict ot Columbia. On this motion I wish to
make a few remarks 
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to ask whether a motion is necessary, whether
the business of the District of Columbia does
not come of course at this hour on Friday?
Mr. HARLAN. I will abide the decision
of the Chair on that point.
Mr. SCJMNER. J supposed there was an
order of the Senate setting apart this day for
District of Columbia business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The inter-
pretation the Chair puts upon the rule is that
the unfinished business supersedes the appro-
priation ot a day to particular business. J'he
rules provide that the unfinished business sluill
be in ord^r at one o'clock, and take precedence
of ail other business; and 1 suppose it requires,
even when the day is set apart, for particular
business, that that be proceeded with, and it
supersedes any special order. That is the
interpretation of the rule that the Chair has
put upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. I then submit the motion,
and I wish to make a remark or two in relation
to it. I feel the importance of disposing of the
Arkansas bill perhaps as fully as any Senator
on this lloor; but the Senate has not given ■
even one day to the consideration of the busi-
ness of this District. Senators will remember
that there is uo other legislative body iu the '
District competent to make laws for the gov- I
ernment of this people, who have now grown
to be a large community. By the authority of
the Senate I am a member of that committee,
and have been made chairman; I suppose,
therefore, that it is my duty to bring to the
attention of the Senate the business that has
been referred to that committee by the body
itself. The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessex-
ben] a few days since said that a day or two
had been heretofore set apart for the consider-
ation of business pertaining to this District.
One day was set apart, and then I yielded to
the solicitation of friends to permit other busi-
ness to be considered until nearly the whole
day was exhausted. I will not now take the
personal lesponsibility of doingso. Ifitsliould
be the will of the Senate that this business
should be postponed for the consideration of
the bill pending, let the Senate take the re-
sponsibility. I make the motion, and will abide
by the decision of the Senate in relation to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves that the unfinished business
and all piior orders be postponed for the pur-
pose of proceeding to the consideration of the
bills reported by the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President , I cer-
tainly cannot complain of the course taken by
the Senator from Jowa, who is chairman of the
Committee on the Districtof Columbia, because
he considers it his duty to press that business ;
but I am not aware that there is any very great
urgency for any particular District bill, nor does
he so state; and I trust that the Senate, after
we haje commenced and spent two or three
dayann considering the bill to recognize the
State government in Arkansas, will not lay it
nde for any other business. My experience
the Senate is that when you take up a bill
and progress with it for a day or two iu this
way and then lay it aside to take up other
business, you lose the whole time; yon will
have to go over it all again. But, not to take up
time, sir, I merely wish to appeal to the Senate,
as the most expeditious way of transacting its
business, to stand by the bill we have under
consideration; and also to do so in conse-
quence of the impoitance of that measure. I
trust, therefore, the motion of the Senator from
Iowa will not prevail.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, as I have
the honor to be upon the Committee on the
District of Columbia, I hope I shall be par-
doned if I express a hope that the business of
that committee will not be entirclv neglected.
The Senator from Illinois hopes that the Sen-
ate will stand by a bill which he has reuorted.
Now. I like his phrase; I hope the Senate will
stand by the order it made a few days ago, to
give at least one day to the business ot this
District. Owing to the condition of affairs m
this Chamber for the last two months we have
have not been able to attend to the affairs of
tins District. Meanwhile questions have accu-
mulated. i here are biiis 111 charge of the
chairman of that committee, my excellent
friend, the Senator from Iowa, which ought to
be attended to. The necessities ot this District
will suffer if they are not attended to. I think,
therefore, he was wise when, Hie other day, he
asked the Senate to set apart Friday for that
business, and I may add that it seems to me
mat it is entirely "vain tor us in advance to set
apart a day for the business of that pailieuiar
committee if we do not adhere to that order.
\v hat is the meaning of the oiuer? It is that
this coming hridav. putting aside all other
things, we will attend to the business of that
committee. Now, it seems to me the Senate
is pledged to that conclusion.
ihen there is another consideration in con-
nection with the Arkansas bill. It is within
my knowledge that one of our honorable friends
desires to address the Senate at some length
oil that measure and is not able to goon to-day.
01 course i uo not allude to mvseif', for 1 have
no such purpose, but one of our number whom
we all respect I know desires to be heard upon
it, and he ia not ready to go on to-day. There
