1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1633
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, and refers to a decision of Mr. Fill-
more in 1850, when he presided over the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
"ThePresident. The Chairfeels some difficulty in
deciding a case of this kind where there is objection
made. In the Constitution there is nothing'to au-
thorize the putting of a pro test on the Joui n al. There
never has been a case since the formation of the Gov-
ernment in which a protest has been entered on the
Journal. There was at an early period of the Gov-
ernment an attempt made to authorize the entering
ox protests on the Journal and it was refused. A
Jootiori was made that on the final question upon a
bill theopposers of the measure shall havea right to
enter a protest and dissent upon the Journal, with
the reasons for such dissent and protest, provided
that such protest be made within two days after the
final passage of the bill. This was July 17,1789. It
Was rejected by a vote of the Senate; and there has
been no instance that I can find, or that the Secre-
tary has been able to find, on the Journals since that
date, to show that any such action has been had."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is no question of the gentleman's right
when he obtains the floor at any time to read
the paper as a part of his speech.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am aware of that, but
I ask it as a part of my motion. I cannot ex-
press my motion to the House except by read-
ing the paper.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not object to it.
Mr. KELLEY. The paper is here in print
On our desks. It is a mere tirade against Con-
gress and 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order; the paper is not before the House,
therefore no gentleman has a right to charac-
terize it in any way.
_ Mr. NICHOLSON. I desire to put a ques-
tion to the Chair. According to my under-
standing of a former ruling of the Chair, I
would inquire whether the motion to suspend
the rules does not suspend the rule which
authorizes any member to object?
The SPEAKER. Certainty it does if the
rules are suspended. There is no question
about that; it is in accordance with former
l-ulings. The Chair will take this occasion to
state that he has found in a recent debate a
decision attributed to him which he never
made, nor thought of making, that " any lan-
guage applied to a person who is not a member
of this House is in order." It was so stated in
the debate on impeachment in Committee of
the Whole that the Speaker had so decided.
That is a mistake; it is a decision the Chair
never thought of making. On this question,
if the rules are suspended, it of course sus-
pends all the rules that stand in the way of the
desired order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I again ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw the objection.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; I maintain it, and
I renew the point of order that the question is
not debatable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the reading of
the document now. I believe that is'in order
at this stage.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has prob-
ably not heard the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have heard the Chair;
I know the Chair decided right at that stage
of the proceedings ; but I understand the rules
allow a member, at any time when a motion
is pending to suspend the rules, and the yeas
and nays are ordered, to call for the reading
of the bill or document.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman want
the information?
Mr. JOHNSON. I want the reading of the
document and the information.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman himself
signed the document, and he of course knows
what it is.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas -10, nays 7G, not voting
84; as follows:
Adams, Archer, James M.Ashley,
YEAS—Messrs.
40-th Coxo. 2d Sess.-
Axtell.Barnum, Beck, Elaine, Brooks, Burr, Butler,
Cary, Churchill, Eldridge, Getz,Glos?-brenner, Golla-
day, Oriswold, Grover, Haight, Iiolman. llotchkiss,
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kefcham,Ivnott, Lallin,
George V. Lawrence, Maltory, Marvin, MoCormiek,
Morgan. Mungen, Newcomb, Nildack, Nichoi&on,
Pomcroy, Pruyn, Kobertson.Ros?, SU<rreaves, Smith,
Spalding, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble. Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Trump, James IWViUon, and the
Speaker—49.
NAY'S—Messrs. Allison, Arneli, Delos R. Ashley,
Bcaman, Beatty, Bingham, Biair, Boutwell, Broom-
all, Cake, Header \Y. Clarke,-Sidney Olnikc, Cobb,
Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Dawes, lUxon, Eekloy, Kg-
Slcston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Kerriss, Ferry, Gravely,
Lalsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hunter, Ingeisoll, Judd, Julian, Kclley,
Xvelsey, Kitchen. Koontz. William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Lougliridge, McCarthy, MoClurg, Mercur,
Miller. Moore, Myers, Nunn, Orth, Paine, Perbam,
IKko, Plants, Polsley. Price, Raum, Schenek, Sco-
field. Shanks, Starkweather, Taffe, Taylor, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Up&on, Van Aernam, Van
Wyek, Cadwaladcr C. "Wa&hburn, Elihu B. Wash
burne, Welker, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson. Bailey,
Baker, Baldwin, Bank?, Baiuos, Benjamin, Benton,
Bover. Bromwell. Buekhmd, Chnnler, Coburn, Co-
vode, Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs, Ela, Fields. Finney,
Fox, Gaifield, Hawkins*, Hooper, Amabel W. Hub-
bard, Iiiehard D. Ilubbard. Ilulburd, Jcnckes, Kerr,
Lincoln, Lynch, Marshall. Maynard, McCullough,
Moorhead, Morrell, Momssey. Mullins. O'Neill. Pe-
ters, Phelps, Pile, Poland, Randall, Robin ^on, Saw-
yer, Selye, Shell,ibarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens. Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Thomas, Twichell,
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Itenry I). Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, "William Williams,
Wood, Woodbridqre, and Woodward—6-i.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments ot pairs, &c., were made ;
Mr. O'NEILL. I am paired with my col-
league, Mr. Randall, 011 this question. He
would have voted "ay,'' and I should have
voted " no."
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to say that Mr.
Covode is paired with Mr. Boyeii until Fridav
next.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The gentleman from New
York, Mr. Baunes, is necessarily detained
from the House. If he were present he would
vote "ay."
Mr. BURR. Mr. Marshall is unavoidably
absent. Ifpresenthe would vote "ay."
The SPEAKER. This being a motion to
suspend the rules to have the protest read and
not tojiave it spread on the Journal the Chair
votes in the aflirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say to the
House, that two additional names have been
added to the paper since I presented it last
evening, those of Hon. Feiinando Wood and
Hon. John Moruiksey.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would suggest, if I may be
allowed to do so, as the gentlemen who have
signed this paper do not ask that it beputupon
the Journal, that, it be read at the Clerk'sdesk,
provided that the statements therein made,
which appear to me to be so wide from the
truth, may have put alongside of them such
answer as the course of the House and as the
debate upon this question and all others against
which these gentlemen complain may afford.
I am not unwilling to meet any of the sugges-
tions or charges that are contained in that paper.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER,. The Chair supposed the
gentleman from Massachusetts was going to
make a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I will make a motion to sus-
pend the rules. I do not desire to 
Mr. ELDRJDGE. I call the gentleman to
order. I obiect to debate.
Mr. DAWES. I move, then, to suspend the
rules, that the document may be read at the
Clerk's desk, and such answer be made to it
as the truth demands.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. That is the same
motion Ave have just voted on.
Mr. KELLEY. It needs no answer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The pro-
ceedings of the House answer it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have no objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that the other side of
the House have an opportunity to answer the
document.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fabsswobth]
that the motion of the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Elmudge] was of an entirely
different character from.this motion. It was
to suspend the rules for the purpose of pre-
senting the protest.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my motion. Iam
not going to antagonize with my friends here,
but I submit that it is not exactly bold and frank
on the part of our friends to shrink from meet-
ing any such charges made against the majority
of this House, and, forone, I am ready to meet
them.
appropriations for charities, etc.
Mr. SPALDING, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (EE. R. No.
859) appropriating money in support of benevo-
lent institutions and in aid of charities in the
District of Columbia for the fiscal year ending
June 80,1809; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed, and made the special order for Wed-
nesday of next week, and from day to day
thereafter until disposed of.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
reserve the right to make points of order on
that bill.
The SPEAKER. That right willbe reserved.
PL'BLtC BUILDINGS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. NICHOLSON moved that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of citizens
of the ninth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, asking that an appropriation be made
for the erection of a suitable building for in-
ternal revenue department and post office in
said district, and that the same be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
legal expenses of attorney general.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Attorney General, in
answer to a resolution of the House of the
10th ultimo, relative to counsel employed by
him, assistants to district attorneys, compen-
sation paid, &c.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that this commu-
nication be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
The motion was agreed to.
asylum for disabled soldiers.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the report of the president of the Board of
Managers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that this report
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that two thousand
additional copies be printed.
The motion, under the law, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment the follow-
ing bills of the House:
An act (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of set-
tlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation, in
the State of Minnesota; and
An act (II. R. No. 660) restoring lands to
market along the line of the Pacific railroads
and branches.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 367) for the relief of Albert
Grant; and
-No. 103.
