1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
40th Cong. ...2d Sess.
Report on Southern Railroads.
Ho. of Reps.
A_nd the language of the preamble of that
resolution is ealculat?d—the committee will not
say intended—to deceive. Ifthe "companies
were compelled to purchase largely,'' &c, the
testimony is conclusive that the necessities of
the roads, not Government officials, compelled
the purchase. On this point there is nothing
in the testimony as to any of the roads to con-
tradict that of J. B. Hoxie, superintendent of
the Bast Tennessee and Virginia road.
On pages 38 and 39 of ileport I\o. 34 he
testifies:
"They told us that anystockwhich wethen wanted
we could have, and we made a selection ot sucn stocK
as we needed, aud retained it." "lhe prices were
very high, indeed." " Wcwere compelled to have the
property." "wecould not carry on our business
without it."
And bearing that joint resolution an ex-
general of the Union Army is in Washington,
January 14, 1867, as a commissioner, to effect
a settlement with the United Slates ^Govern-
ment ^ and, in behalf of a road, the ijast leu-
nessee and Georgia, that nine months after
that time, November 1, 18G7, is owing the
Government (see page 89 of Report No. 3)
$353,153 15, having reduced its indebtedness
only about sixteen thousand dollars, is ol
course prepared to adopt the language of the
preamble of the resolution which he holds in
his hand : " This company claims that, after all
just credits are given for the use of this road
by the Government, but little, if anything, will
be owing to the Government," while on oath
he testifies, page 26 of Report No. 34:
"Although I am representing the interests of the
East Tennessee and Georgia road, I must say that
they did run off their stock and machinery, too.
And the committee will add, although it
seems, from the testimony that the president
of this road during the rebellion, Campbell
Wallace, was notoriously disloyal.^ Of him,
the present president of that road, Thomas II.
Callaway, testified on page 96 of Report No. 3 :
"I suppose the fact is not controverted at all that
ho was a rebel.''
And as to the loyalty of the stockholders of
this road, Mr. Callaway, the present president,
testifies on same page :
"I cannot tell with certainty as to the whole of the
stockholders. Thorn was a portion of them thorough
Union men: there was another portion ot them, and
a large number of them, that were southern in their
feelings and wore for the confederacy." A great many
of them lived in Augusta and Charleston."
This testimony comes with much force, as it
is from a railroad president as to stockholders
of his own road ; and from one neither hot
nor cold;" for he testifies, same page:
"Union men understood one another and talked
freely," &o.; "but they did not talk so that confeder-
ates would know and hear it." "I was opposed to
the war, &e.; still I was forccd not to talk, arid I had
to seem to go with it at times."
As to this road, so far as the committee have
been able to procure testimony, it appears, on
pages 201, 202, and 203 of ileport No. 3-1, that
after the time had expired for extension of
payments on bonds, 1st August, 1800, and
Major Hamill had notified the president ol the
road that without immediate steps for payment
of the amount due he would proceed to enforce
the terms of the bond, the Secretary of War,
IS. M. Stanton, ordered, 80th August, 1800, pro-
ceedings to be suspended until further orders.
So far as the committee can ascertain there
has been no revocation of that order.
nashvii.le and chattanooga bailroad.
For reasons heretofore stated, the commit-
tee must notice the Nashville aud Chattanooga
road somewhat further.
It has already been shown in this report that
the value of property purchased from the Gov-
ernment, and for which bond was given, by
this road in the fall of 1805 was $1,500,551 73,
(page 3'27, Report No. 34,) and that its in-
debtedness on 31st January. 1807, was SI,532,-
740 00, (page 190, Ileport No. 34.) being a re-
duction in Tifteen mouths of but $33,811 13,
(he collection having been suspended on May
5, 1806, (see page 221, Report No. 84,) by
order of the President, and that Michael
Burns, president of the road, was pressing
claims "for its use during its occupancy by
the United States."
To fully understand the animus of Mr. Burns
and the feeling of security lie evidently indulged
while failing to comply with his bond, the com-
mittee direct attention to the correspondence
on pages 218, 219, 220, and 221 of Report No.
34, where it will be seen that three letters,
bearing respective dates 81st March, 3d April,
and 4th April, 1806, from Major Hamill, under
instructions from General George H. Thomas,
were necessary to draw from Mr. Bums a
reluctant reply, as follows:
Nashville and Chattanooga
Baileoad Companies, President's Office,
Nashville, Tennessee, Apt il 5, 1806.
Captun: I have the honor to inform you lhafc the
Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad Company will
pay you one installment of the amount due the Uni-
ted btateo Government for putcha^e* of m<itci nil un-
der the executive orders ot August 8 and October 14,
1865, together with accrued interest on the amount
of purchase, within live days iiom this date. I have
fuithor to v«tato that as far a* it i* in the power of
this company installnv nH aud interests will be paid
m the futuie as they iail due. _
Yeiy lespectfully, M. BTJ3VNN
President Nashville and Chattanooga awl JtWjhville
and Northwestern railroad*.
Cantain 8. II. Hlmill. Disbursing Quartermaster
United Slate* MUtfury Railroads.
A true copy: . S. It. HAMILL,
Brevet Major, Ahuwtant Quartermaster.
This was referred to General rl homas on
same day, and 01117th ot'April, 1806, returned
to Major Ilamill with a communication as fol-
lows :
Headquarters Department of the Tennessee,
Kashvillr, Tennessee. Aprilh, 18W>.
Ciptain; 1 have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of jour letter of April 5, transmitting a prop-
ositum 110111 M. Burns, L.-q., president of the isasli-
ville and (Jhattanuoj-M ilailroad Company, ot same
date, to comment e the payment of the monthly
installments due lhe United States, together Willi
aeeiued interest, iu five days. Your letter invites
attention to two fuels 111 connection with the Isusli-
ville and Ch ittnnooga, Ilailroad Company, the Urstot
which is that the company has not availed itselt ot
the act of Assembly permitting it to fund arrearages
of interest upon their moitgjse bonds, by doins
which they would have been fully able to pay all
installments now due (0 the United States.
The second is that at a late meeting ot the board
of directors the president of the road was directed
to pav at once the debts incuned by the JNashville
and Chattanooga Ilailroad Company while operat-
iiiB wkhiu the lines of tne military aulhoiitics ot
the la to rebel gov ernmen t, and that the debts of tins
character already liquidated amount to over one
hundred thousand dollars. . .
The major general commanding is of the opinion
that these acts constitute a breach of iaith wiih the
United States on the part ot the board ot cl.rectoi'N
and lays the board open to at lea.-t the suspicion ot a
deliberate intention to dohaud the United states
when purchases were madeiioin thelalterand bonus
executed to secure the payment ol the debt, and Hie
effect miht be to prevcnlsuchtiMud in futurebycoio-
pcliing the regular paymentoi monthly installments
due tho United States, with accrued interest.
As the money which should have been applied to
the liquidation of tiie debt due the United fetates
has been paid out, and gone beyond the control ot
the company, we can do no better than accept iho
proposition of M. Burns, winch you arc authoiizeu
to do, and compel prompt compliance with the con-
ditions theieof in the lutuie. , .
Inclosed herewith I return Mr. Burns 8 tetter to
you, above reierred to.
Very respectfully,
Brevet Bri'/adier O'eiiti ul and Chief of htuff.
Captain S. R. Uamili.,
Chief Quartermaster I tided Sate*
Military liaUroad*,X«Hhvin<>, Tennessee.
In obedience to which, on 5th May, 180b,
"Major HumiU addressed Mr. Barns requesting
a cheek for the balance due and unpaid, which
was replied to by an order oi same date f\om the
President of the United States, directing that
collection be suspended until further oiders, &,c.
Tliere lias been no revocation of that oider,
and the effect is that on 1st day ol Xoyembeu
1807, (see page 89 of Report No. tM ro^
was owing the Government $1,550,8.^3 07, only
$0,658 16 less than in the fall of 1365, show-
ing an increase of debt in nine months pre-
ceding 1st November, 1867, ot £24,15*2 97*,
this road which, as early as 5th April, 1SG6,
"had liquidated debts incurred^ while oper-
ating within the lines of the military author-
ities of the rebel government amounting to
overonehundredthousand dollars,"and which,
according to the testimony of Mr. Burns him-
self, on page 282, Report No. 34, had paid
'•nearly five hundred thousand dollars interest
on the bonds of the company indorsed by the
State, and which were held in New York and
other places during the rebellion,'' "out of
the net earniugs of the road for the fifteen
months ending on the 1st January, 1807, which
was about live hundred and twenty-four thou-
sand dollars or little over that." There isalso
testimony to show that dividends have been
paid to stockholders.
Of this road, Michael Burns, on page 296,
Report No. 34, testifies:
44 After the fall of Fort Donelson the then presi-
dent, V. K. Stevenson, or the rebel so-callcd govern-
ment of the road, took off the rolling fetock down
South. During' the rebellion he wastbere; he was
running this stock on other roads," &c.
Of this road, "William Spence, a farmer, re-
siding at Murfreesboro', Tennessee, on pages
77 and 78 of Report No. 3, testifies:
"My home has been at Murfreesboro' for forty
years, two and a half mites south of the Nashville
and Chattanooga railroad. I wa* o. director from
the commencement of the road until 1858. T am now
a director appointed by the gtntc. li my recollec-
tion serves me right, the directors were all rebels,
fiom the president down. X do not suppose there
were ten loyal stockholders on the whole road,, and
of the directors every one of them was disloyal.5
Of this road, the present president, Michael
Burns, testifies, pages 2d0 and 297 of Report
No. 34
"During the early days of the rebellion i was in
Nashville engaged in the saddlery, hardware, and
shoe-finding business, and remained there and in that
business until the Federal Army took possession of
that pai t of the country. Isold it nil through the
country. T had an extensive trade in Tennessee,
Kentucky, Georgia, and Alabama. I did a\ cry Urge
wholesale and retail business I declined to supply
the confed'rate government, hut X sold to persons
whom 1 suppose sold to it. 1 was eonioelltU to take
confederate scrip or not sell my goods, &e. 1 ro-
iiiairied at, home. I was opposed to the war. and
would not vote for secession because I thought it
unnecessary and uncalled lor. 1 had two alterna-
tives—either to leave the country or stay at home.
I staid at home and sympathized with the southern
people, but took no active part in nnyrhinc:. t never
took the oath of allegiance to oithcr government
during the war. I was not very violent on eitner
side."
Of this road's present president, Michael
Burns, on page 83, Report No. 3, W. E.
Cleaves secretary and treasurer of the Nash-
ville and Chattanooga. Railroad Company
while down South during the rebellion and
after the war for about nine months, testifies:
" Mr. l>urns was a member of a vigilance committee
here. This committee w^ to decide who was loyal
or disloyal to the conlulerate government, In is
committee was appointed by the coutodeiate govern-
ment, and ii they found the piei-ence ofa man objec-
tionable in the community they could remove hmi.
Mr. J3um  also equipped an aitillciy compan> whieu
served in the ronh'derato arm>."
And of him Mr. Sponee, a resident of forty
vcars, who testified above on another point,
testifies on pa<re 78, Report No. 3:
" I was not well acquaintcd with Mr. "Burns's polit-
ical {statu*. When Governor J obn-ou was appointed
military governor he pettier m^ and "sked mesev-
er.i 1 questions about Mr. UuriiP. _ Ilehad. been apply-
ing to the governor lor Kmierhin^. and he doubted
h^ loyalty. 1 could not give him the information ho
-wanted. Afteiwaid he told me that Mi. Burns had
been a pretty lud lobel. Shortly af(er that he got
into considerable favor with tiuvcrnor Johnson and
was conMdeied « S°°d loyal man.''
Of this road Enos Hopkins on pages 83
and 8-i of Report Xo. 3, testifies:
" "We built the bridges, repaired the track, and pnt
the load in running oider. The bridge? were nil
destroyed. I worked at both ends of the road. At
one end the track u us in very b.ul order and the road
nearly a wreck," &c. "When tiio iotld turned
over to the company it was iu very good condi-
tion.'' &e.
And on pages 07 and of Report. No. 3
William P. Jmiis testifies:
" T vra« superintendent from September 15, I860,
until September 1,1807. My connection with it he-
foie that was during the war, when 1 built _ome
blklsesa-mUeM the trn.-U,"Cw-'i.lc.ilif! roiu.-
bed. buildinq-s, ard all. I mean the n.vl was in beaer
condition when restored to tlie.om^'I.1'1 .[
war than w hen liift taken possession ot by ttie V mtui
States troops, by SloO.OOO.
