1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
longer than the system lasted; tod when that
•went down the monopoly went *Hth it.
Sir, 1 stand here to say that I do not regret
the end of that monopoly. I do not regret
the overthrow of the circumstances on which
the mouopoly rested, and therefore I do not
regret the overthrow of the monopoly itself.
Sir, the overthrow of the monopoly will be
beneficial in its results. It must be so; and
lot no American statesman hereafter feel that
it is his duty to lighten the burdens of the tax
so much as a mill with a view of fostering the
cotton interest as a monopoly. I am not
speaking now of the production of the article.
That we must have; that we shall have in the
ordinary course of events, and by laws which
are ordinary and usual. I am speaking of it
as a monopoly simply, and that, I r^oice, has
passed away.
Then what about the supremacy of cotton
on this continent? What about the duty of
the Government to foster it, to give a bounty
for it so that it may be produced for exporta-
tion ? Have we a right to do that? Is it pru-
dent to do that? Is it economical to do it?
Is it just to all the other portions of the coun-
try to do it? I say no. I say it has a favora-
ble climate; it has the advantage of a most
extended sea-coast; it has rich soil favorable
to its growth, and it mast take its chances in
this land of ours with the other products nat-
ural to this continent; and it is neither wise for
the nation nor for the benefit of the locality
that it should be fostered one inch beyond
those interests which are common to the whole
country. You have no right to foster it any
more than you have to pay a bounty npon the
corn aud wheat of the grain-growing States.
I say, therefore, that as a monopoly it does
not challenge our attention or favor; nor as
an article having a supremacy in our exporta-
tions should it challenge the fostering care of
the Government.
Sir, I believe it will be a great day for the
cotton-growmg States when it comes to pass
that the land-holdera of those States shall come
to the conclusion that it is impracticable any
longer to maintain the monopoly in cotton, and
even the supremacy of cotton in the exports of
thiscountry. Why? Then they will turn them-
selves to that diversity of product in which
there is true prosperity. Then they will turn
themselves to that diversity of labor, that divis-
ion of lands into small farms to be cultivated
on account of the owners, wherein there is pru-
dence, wherein economy is practicable, and
wherein there is thrift to the locality and thrift
to the nation. Therefore I hail the day when
the monopoly goes down, and even the suprem-
acy of it.
Right here, Mr. President, my honorable
friend from Kentucky will allow me to make
an allusion to a remark of his the other, day
in whieh he undertook to charge upon the
Union party or npon Congress, if I understood
him, that through our policy we had imposed
hardships upon the cotton interest and the
interests of the southern community; that
because of the exigencies of the war we had
increased the tax beyond what otherwise it
would have been, and in our policy of recon-
struction we had made it impossible for these
people to grow this article. The view I would
take of that subject would be this: if at the
close of the war this Government had felt that
it had a right to inaugurate a policy which
should be beneficent to the people of the cot-
ton States, and had said to these overgrown
land-holders, "All this land is to be cultivated
now on account of the laborer until your Slates
are reconstructed," you would not -have had
the cry coming up here from the freedmen that
they were lacking bread. If the last two years
of reconstruction had been two years of benefi-
cent policy on the part of the American peo-
ple, giving to every laborer in the South a
Eiece of land to lab'or on, there would have
een no cry for bread here now; my honora-
ble friend from Massachusetts would not have
felt called upon to read a letter from a land-
holder—a gentleman styling himself "a
I planter'' after the old Style—in which he tells
j,rtbe American Congress that if we do not help
him to grow cotton the freedmen will starve.
Why? 'Because we have not given the freed-
men what he was entitled to have, land to cul-
tivate ; and because this planting interest, this
planting policy, this policy of excluding immi-
gration from the southern States, this policy
of monopolizing all the land and cultivating
the land on account of capital, Is of course hos-
tile to the interests of tne laboring man. I
maintain, therefore, Mr. President, that we
have no relation to cotton which we have not
to the other interests of the country. So
much for what has been said about our duty to
foster it.
One single word touching the other idea,
and then I shall have said all that I designed
to say when I rose. This tax is said to be an
^ injustice, and that injustice is founded upon
the assumed fact that we invidiously discrim-
inate against this interest; that this is a purely
agricultural interest; and that in this respect
the tax is peculiar; we lay a tax on this as we
do not upon any other agricultural product.
It is true undoubtedly that we do lay a certain
tax on this article as we do not upon any other
agricultural interest; but the answer to that
is, that this article in its relations to the Amer-
ican people, and particularly in its relations
to these States, is not-circumstanced like any
other agricultural interest whatever. I never
did suppose it was sound either as a question
of political economy or of finance that you
could not tax an article of agriculture. I- have
never seen any author who laid it down as a
fundamental principle of finance or political
economy that an article of agriculture was net
to be taxed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The principle is laid down
that an agricultural article of food or clothing,
that is, an article of Subsistence, should not be
j taxed; but tobacco and many other agricul-
tural productions are taxed or have been taxed.
Mr. MORRlLL, of Maine. Exactly; but
the argument here has been from the start,
my honorable friend from Massachusetts has
labored to-day to prove, that this tax was man-
ifestly unjust, simply because you are laying a
tax on an article of agriculture; and certainly
the gentleman from Illinois, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Yates,] iterated and reiterated that argu-
ment yesterday; and it was the burden of his
argument that this tax was unjust because it
was an article of agriculture.
Now, sir, as I have said, I have yet to learn
that any article has a right to absolute exemp-
tion in our political economy or system of
finance simply because it is an article of agri-
culture. The doctrine is, as I understand it,
that it has not been found to be good political
economy to tax an article of prime necessity
to the people. That is the point. Now in
what sense is cotton an article of necessity to
the American people ? Its general necessity
I admit; but is it an article of necessity in the
sense of bread and meat ? Can anybody assert
that ? Does it come home to the fire and the
hearth of the poor man like bread and meat—
food? It is raiment, you say. There is no
j analogy whatever between the two things.
| What does cotton say when it comes here ?
| " We want to furnish raiment for the American
people?" No; it does not say that, because
; it is not indispensable in that particular. Does
| it say it wants to put food into the months of
the poor? Not a bit of it. It says, " We
want to cultivate an article for export." That
is what it says, and that is what its advocates
say here. I say in answer to that, first, it is
necessary to tax all the industry of the people
of tiiis country everywhere that is not neces-
sary to satisfy their hunger and clothe them so
as to sustain the honor of this nation and sus-
tain its credit; and yon who represent that in-
dustry, and that industry exclusively, who have
no better plea than that you want to accumu-
late and send abroad, must postpone your enter-
prise of exports until we are able to pay our
debts without laying a heavy hand upon the
necessities of life. That is the answer to that
argument. It is not an agricultural article in
strict analogy with the articles which we under-
stand to be agricultural, and it does not begin
to be an article of necessity in the sense in
which food and raiment are ; and that is the
answer to that.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Would the production of
Wool, in the Senator's estimation, be an ar-
ticle of agricultural production if we exported
one hundred million pounds of it per year
more than was necessary for our domestic
useB?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should say, to
answer the Senator precisely, as it how occurs
to tne, that if the State of Iowa should go into
the production of wool altogether and wholly,
and for the purposes of export, then she could
not claim to be exempted on that account from
the burdens of the country.
Mr. GRIMES. That is simply begging the
question. I ask if the nation as a nation, or
if a cluster of States, shall furnish for export-
ation a large excess of wool over and above
^hat is consumed in this country, Will it in
consequence of that exportation cease to be
an agricultural product?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not argue
that cotton was subjected to the burdens of
the nation simply because it was an export. I
said it was an export chiefly, and, therefore,
was not an article of necessity here, and not;
being an article of necessity was taxable on
the principles of political economy; and I say
that holds good in regard to every article pro-
duced by the people, whether it is wool or
flftX
Mr; DAVIS. Will my honorable friend
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a great deal of wheat
exported, but a great deal more that is con-
sumed. Is that an article of necessity ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I have not
answered that already I am very much afraid
I could not do so ; and so my honorable friend
will pardon me for not repeating what I have
already said. I undertook to make a distinc-
tion between cotton and bread, which by com-
mon experience and the common necessities
of mankind is an article of prime necessity.
Mr. DAVIS. Is not clothing?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I put that in, I
believe, too.
Now, Mr. President, I submit that on neither
of the grounds taken can cotton come here and
put in a plea to be exempt from taxation. I
am not going to advert to anything offensive;
let the past be among the things of the past;
but the burdens which have come upon this
nation must be recognized; and let the inter-
est that claims an exemption from the burdens
of taxation that are laid upon the people, and
which the people feel to-day more than they
felt the severities of the war, saving only the
blood, let the interest that comes now to plead
an exemption from these burdens show that it
stands in the relation of one of the necessities
of the people, that you cannot tax it without
taking the bread from the mouths of the hun-
gry, and the raiment from the backs of the
needy. That is the only plea that can be put
in here or anywhere else for an exemption
from taxation while the great national burdens
are what they are now.
One other idea, sir, on this question of in-
justice. The honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Yates] dwelt at length on the question
of injustice in the view I have already taken,
but particularly that these people were poor ;
that they were desolated; that their country
was unto them a desolation, and all that sort
of thing. Of course that has no relation to a
question of taxation. We are not to consider
that. If these people were asking alms, if they
were here now asking an appropriation for
supplies as heretofore, then that argument
would be very well. But this is a question
whether we shall not only exempt from taxa-
