2658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29.
in his charge, and will show the Senate that,
so far as that county is concerned, no reliance
can be placed oil this report which was trans-
mitted to the General.
I have mentioned these two or three points
simply to illustrate the general character of
this testimony. It is of the same general de-
scription as that contained in the former report
of General Gillem and additional to it, and
would, doubtless, have been transmitted by
him in connection with liis former report to
General Grant if he had had possession of the
documents at the time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the state
of public business is such, and we have now
arrived at such a stage of the session, that we
must begin to husband our time. I think the
Senate is not disposed to lay aside important
business that it has partly discussed with a
view to take up other bills, and then invite an-
other struggle on Monday as to the order of
business, and I therefore suggest to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that he allow the Arkansas biil
to be settled and disposed of before we take
up any new business. If he will consent T will
move that the District business be continued
the special order for Monday instead of to-day.
Mr. CONFESS. Not Monday, but Friday
next; give them the next Friday.
Mr. SHEIJMAN. If the Senator from Iowa
is willing to say Friday, that will suit me. On
Tuesday I desire to take up a bill which I
think ought to be acted on, and if he will be
satisfied to take Monday for District business,
I will move that it he contiued as the special
order for Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a motion now pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Iowa to allow me to maUe the motion I have
indicated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Arkansas bill is be-
fore the Senate, and the pending motion is to
postpone it.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if that motion is lost
the District business is lost with it. I desire
to give the Committee 011 the District of Co-
lumbia a day lor their business, and I will pro-
pose next Monday, or next Friday, as the
chairman desires.
Mr. IIAIiLAN. If that is the judgment of
the Senate, it will be agreeable to me to sub-
stitute Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. But I ask my friend why
make a special assignment of Monday for the
District business. This day has already been
set apait for District business, and if the Sen-
ate breaks its faith for Friday, what assurance
have we that it will not do the same thing, on
Monday or the next Friday?
Mr. SHERMAN. The rules of the Senate,
as the Senator very well knows, declare that
the unfinished business shall take precedence
of anything else. Now the Senator wishes to
violate the faith of the Senate expressed in its
rules, which declare that the unfinished busi-
ness shall be finished before a special order is
taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me ; I do not so interpret the rules. Of course
I submit cheerfully to the decision of the Chair ;
hut my judgment is that under the rules of the
Senate, when a day is specially set apart for a
particular class of business, that overrules even
the rule with regard to unfinished business.
I t is not iu the nature of a special order. The
Senator makes a mistake. He supposes that
there is a special order for to-day. Jt is not
so. This day has been set apart for this work.
I remember that during the first two years I
was in the Senate every other Friday was set
Friday
came around private bills had their day. It
was familiarly called by -many of us at the
time, I remember, a day of justice. It could
not be interfered with. It was set apart in
advance, and became in the nature of a rule.
Unfinished business dropped before it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was a rule then just as
it is in the House of Representatives, where
the rule requires Friday to -be set apart for
private business.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the other
day when the Senator from Iowa moved that
Friday be set apart for the consideration of
District business, it was in the nature of a rule
for that occasion. It was not a special order;
and there is the mistake of my friend ; he
treats this as a special order, and he wishes to
brush it aside. He lets the unfinished busi-
ness play the part of the broom to brush it
aside. Well, he must allow me to say that his
interpretation of the rules is not applicable to
this ease. I consider that under the rules at
this moment the District business is iu order,
and I hope my friend from Iowa will proceed
witli it.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, it must be
interesting sometimes to an observer in the
Senate, if there were nothing else to observe
that was peculiarly interesting, to see the com-
binations made up here—Senators will pardon
me for saying it—and the direction and indi-
rection that take place here. This morning
we have a joining hands, if not hearts, be-
tween the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bcckalew] and the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner.] Ostensibly the Senator
from Pennsylvania opposes considering the
Arkansas bill to-day, strongly, powerfully, as
is always the case with him. Dealing indi-
rectly, the Senator from Massachusetts opposes
it by wanting to give the day to some other
business. Mr. President, a day was agreed to
be given to the District of Columbia business,
and I am disposed always to keep faith—at
least I think I am—but if the Senator having
charge of that business is willing that it shall
go over to another day, then 1 think every
obligation which can bind this side of the Sen-
ate—I mean this political side of the Senate;
I do not mean now to include my friend from
Pennsylvania 011 the other side—demands that
we should go 011 to the end with the Arkansas
bill and with like bills that are before us. As
has been stated recently by other Senators in
the Chamber, I do not know nor understand
how the Republican or Union members of this
Senate, alter organizing governments in the
South against such powerful influences as they
have met, can now refuse final action for the
admission of the States named and here making
application for admission. By no process, by
no means, not even by the seductive influences
of my friend from Pennsylvania, who upon all
other subjects generally manages to govern
me, can any cooperation be obtained from me
against those bills. The documents that are
said to have been sent to the War Department
can throw 110 light upon this subject that I, at
least, am willing to wait to receive. We under-
stand the business affecting the reconstructed
States which are here applying for admission,
and I hope we shall walk up squarely to the
work of their admission. 1 am willing to say
plainly that I want their votes for the national
candidate for President of the United States,
and I want them in the Union for that pur-
pose; and I hope, sir, thai on our side of the
Senate, at least, there will be 110 impediments
placed in the way.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I think
lime is of the essence of this whole proceed-
ing, so far as admitting these States is con-
cerned. If we are to admit them at all, we
must immediately take them out of their pres-
ent state of suspense, or we destroy all they
have done. We are doing a great deal of
harm by allowing this matter to drag. We
agreed that if they would do certain things we
would receive them. They have done those
tilings substantially; they have struggled man-
fully against power and patronage aud influ-
ence, and they have substantially complied
with all we demanded. If we do not intend
to let them in at once we had better say so,
and slop the busiuess altogether. This pro-
cess of delay is most terrible to them, after
having organized their governments; it leaves
tliem in a state of disorganization, uncertainty,
paralyzing business, paralyzing Union senti-
ment, and has a tendency to convince them
that they have no friends anywhere who are
willing to sustain them.
However we may cavil, whatever we may
think, or whatever we may desire, matters very
little; we are committed to a certain course of
conduct, and there is no varying from that.
We must do what we have agreed to. We
must keep faith with these people. If we do, I
believe that there is good ground to hope that
they can sustain themselves against the com-
bined elements that are against them; cer-
tainly without our action they cannot; with it,
they may. There is no hope but to go forward
with this work; and when we have admitted
them, as we shall, and shall promptly; when they
are recognized here as States, when their State
governments are set np, let any man attempt
to tear them down ! If he does, let him bear
the responsibility; let the hand that is raised
against lawful authority there set up be seen;
let us know who it is that will take the respon-
sibility to inaugurate anarchy in those States
after we shall have admitted them. I believe
in Congress doing its duty, and if there be any
power in this Government that dare interfere
with the legitimate functions of these States
when they shall be recognized by Congress,
let the people of the United States know who
it is and from whence it comes. I am for
going forward on the supposition that the laws
of this Government will be executed; lam
going to take it for granted that they will be
executed, although we may have had some
warning to the contrary. We have no right to
act upon the hypothesis that the laws will be
denied. Let us pass the laws, doing our duty,
and the people will hold the authorities of this
Government responsible for their execution.
1 am in favor of proceeding at once with this
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the unfinished business and
all prior orders bo postponed for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the busi-
ness of the District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that I
understand just what the question is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the unfinished business
of yesterday, being the Arkansas bill, and
proceeding to the consideration of the District
of Columbia business, for which this day was
set apart by a resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Chair will indulge
me in asking whether the District of Columbia
busiuess was made the special business for
this afternoon by any order of the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-day
was set apart by an order of the Senate for
District business; but that is superseded,
under the rules, by the unfinished business of
yesterday.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted™ yeas 12, nays 35; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Corbett, Iloolittle, Fow-
ler. Tiarlan, Ilendriek-, MeOreery, Norton, Patterson
o£ <:',v Ilaiupshiie, Patteison of Tennessee, Sumner.
anil\ lekers—ti
Howe, Johnson, Morcran, Morrillot Maine, Mornii of
v erwont, Morton, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Knsa, Sher-
man, Sjiratue, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,
\ an W inkle, W ado, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—35.
AliSUNT—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Dixon, Grimes,
Henderson, Nye, and Saulsbury—7.
So the motion was not agreed to.
INVITATION TO MOUNT VEBNON.
The PRESlDENT^ro tempore. Before pro-
ceeding with the Arkansas bill, the Chair will
lay before the Senate an invitation from the
regent of the Mount Vernon Ladies' Associa-
tion, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Mouxt Veenon, Thursday, May 28,1868.
The regent of the Monet Vernon Ladies' Associa-
tion of the Union tenders to the Senate an invitation
to visit Mount Vernon on Saturday next.
