1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Report on Southern Railroads.
Ho. op Reps.
owed the Government $2,876,472 03 on 1st
of November, 1867? being considerably more
than half of the whole amount of $4,884,500 02
of railroad indebtness.
The conduct of the roads in the rebel States
further south than Tennessee should bring the
blush of shame to their cheeks.
UNDER WHAT POWER?
This brings the committee to inquire: under
what power were tliese millions of dollars
worth of railroads and other railroad property
restored to their former owners, and what is
the legal effect of their restoration?
The committee find there is no authority in
law for it. There, being none, the right was
assumed and exercised under the war power.
This is evidently implied in Secretary Stan-
ton's reply to an interrogatory on page 271 of
Report No. 34. To the question: "I under-
stand, as the result of your statements, that in
turning over these roads when you had no
further use for them for military purposes, you
were governed by your views of the general
public policy of the country?" he replied :
"Yes, limited by what I supposed to be the legiti-
mate rowers of the War Department. 1 do not mean
to say I had the right to assume the powers of Con-
gress to determine the'genera] policy; but within
the scope of what I thought to be the power of the
"War Department 1 was governed by wha t I assumed
to be the good of the country. I did not intend my
authority to determine the general question of
policy."
It is, in the opinion of the committee, amis-
take as to the "scope" of the powers and their
not confining their action within "the legiti-
mate powers of the War Department," that
render the solution of the questions in the
premises now the more embarrassing, if not
difficult.
The Secretary's farther answer, to be after a
while quoted, implies that the restoration of
this property passed no title. Then the com-
mittee think their action should have been
strictly confined to their "legitimate powers,"
because possession gives a show of title.
Those "legitimate powers" were to inflict
injury in every way possible upon the enemy ;
to destroy, to weaken, to subdue. That is the
object of a War Department.
But an enemy being subdued, there is in that
department no express or implied power to
make that enemy whole, to strengthen him
and build up his waste places. There is no
power given to this department nor to any
executive officer after peace, nor is it implied
to exercise discretion and to do what he or
they may assume to be for " the good of the
country." There is no limit to discretion.
One may assume it to be " for the good of the
country" to restore railroads, while another
may be governed by feelings of a still larger
love of country, and, with equal propriety,
draw upon other property of the Government,
and "for the good of the country" give forty
acres of land and a plow-horse to each desti-
tute family. Such power belongs to a monarch
in an unlimited monarchy. Under our gov-
ernment of laws such power belongs to the
people in the law-making department or branch
of the Government, and, in imparting such
power, they only trust themselves, represented
by their own chosen agents. No such power
can be found delegated under any law to any
department, military commander, or civil offi-
cer, and the exercise of any power not dele-
gated by law is an assumption by an execu-
tive officer who is chosen to execute laws, and
can legally go no further than authorized by
them.
Then the question arises, what right or title
passed with such restoration ? An illegal,
an unauthorized transfer passes no title. No
one will venture to contend that the title to
property captured from a public enemy, and
especially that which had been used by that
enemy for war purposes, does not vest by such
capture in the captor. Therefore in the cases
nnder consideration the title passed to the
captor. And who is the captor? The Gov-
ernment, of course. No one will say the Presi-
dent or any military commander or officer of
the War Department, who are merely chosen
to execute lawsfor the Government, and whose
acts without law are invalid and not binding.
The act of a President unauthorized by law
is as invalid as that of a private citizen. No
title passes except under a law. In the cases
under consideration the right vested in the
Government, and could only be divested by the
Government, through its laws. There being
no law for it, the transfer was invalid, null,
and imparted no right. The restoration, there-
fore, amounted merely to possession without
title, with the legal right still in the Govern-
ment to resume possession at pleasure.
And on this point Secretary Stanton, on page
271, Report No. 34, says:
" The question of title which the persons acquired
when they [the railroads] were turned over to them
was a legal question, which would have to be deter-
mined by Congress or the judicial tribunals, if any
dispute arose m regard to them." "1 do notmean to
say I had the right to assume the power of Congress
to determine the general policy."
And General E. R. S. Canby, on page 213,
Report No. 34, testifies:
"We simply relinquished the military right; the
civil right was in full force if the Government saw fit
to enforce it."
And here the committee remark that their
proposition, that " the restoration of this prop-
erty amounted merely to possession without
title, with the legal right still in the Government
to resume possession at pleasure," disposes,
without further comment, of the late argument
of General J. T. Boyle, president of thcEvans-
ville, Henderson, and Nashville railroad, which
is not in the testimony, but should be noticed,
as it was referred, on 11th November last, by
Governor W. G. Browniow to the members of
the "Tennessee Legislature, and discloses the
grounds upon which that State may possibly
press her railroad claims to the exclusion of
those of the United States.
That argument, is that that State before the
rebellion issued State bonds to the amount of
$10,000,000, and, under the provisions of an
"internal improvement law," created a prior
lieu upon each road to secure the payment of
their respective bonds and of the interest accru-
ing on the same, and enacted that the roads
should create no other conflicting liens; that
the claims of the Government of the United
States are accounts for property sold to the
roads, secured by bonds which are secondary,
subordinate, to the State bonds; that, there-
fore, " the State and the railroads should refuse
to pay the claims without a settlement and an
allowance of what may be fairly due the State
and the roads; and, if any military officer
attempts to enforce the bond and remove the
property or take possession of the railroads,
apply to the Federal courts for injunction and
for relief;" at the same time the attempt being
made, on page 12 of said argument, to show
the balance due the State and one road—the
Nashvilleand Chattanooga—tobe, $1)87,820 92
after crediting the Government, not with over
$4,000,000, as estimated by the quartermaster's
department, for constructing, repairing, &c.,
that road, but with $2,500.000 and rolling stock,
purchased §1,520,578, and charging the Gov-
ernment with "$5,014,404 for use of the road
and earnings thereof fiom 1st March, 1802, to j
15th September, 1805."
The position of the committee goes behind •
all this and places the title in the Government, j
with the right to repossess at pleasure. These |
roads did not and do not belong to Tennessee, j
but to railroad companies, the Stale merely j
holding liens to secure her against loss. This
is clearly shown in the argument of General
Boyle itself.
These roads were used, as has been shown,
in aid of the rebellion, by the voluntary action
of presidents, directors, and stockholders, with
very few exceptions, probably not ten. who
could be named by all the witnesses examined
from several States. They were then, after
use, captured ; and it is not necessary to notice
the statement in that report, "that a State
cannot rebel; a State cannot be convicted of
treason or punished, or its property confis-
cated." Still, it, is well to remark that the
logical result of such teaching would be to in-
duce the wealthy, disloyal, cunning, and design-
ing, when preparing for a second rebellion, to
seek security for their property under the guise
of State investments. But such teachers should
turn to the opinion of the Supreme Court of
the United States delivered in the Prize cases,
and read, on page 073, 2 Black, as follows:
" Now, it is a proposition never doubted that the
belligerent party who claims to be sovereign may
exercise both belligerent and sovereign rights," &c.
" Under the very peculiar Constitution of this Gov-
ernment, although the citizens owe supreme allo-
giance to the i'ederal Government, they owe also a
qualified allegiance to the State in which they are
domiciled. Their persons and property are subject
to its laws. Hence, in organizing this rebellion, they
have acted as States claiming to be sovereign over
all persons and property within their respective lim-
its, and asserting a right to absolve their citizens
from their allegiance to the Federal Government.
Several of these States have combined to form a new
confederacy, claiming to be acknowledged by the
world as a sovereign State." "It is no loose, un-
organized insurrection, having no defined boundary
or possessions,"
The committee wish it understood that they
are in sympathy with the loyal people and the
present loyal government of Tennessee, and
prepared to aid in sustaining them and their
State credit; but do not desire to do so at the
expense of principles that would deprive the
Government of the power of self-jirotection.
That State should recollect it was its misfor-
tune to have had so much disloyalty within its
borders that, on the 10th August, 1861, the
President of the United States proclaimed and
declared that the inhabitants of this State,
among others, were " in a state of insurrec-
tion against the United States, &c." It there-
fore becomes her to come before the parent
Government in a proper spirit of, the com-
mittee will not say humiliation, but respect,
asking favors and not demanding.
Then the committee suggest that it would
be much less iniquitous to make the proposi-
tion recommended in said report of said Gen-
eral J. T. Boyle, that—
"The State could memorialize Congress on the
subject, and ask thnt the whole matter be settled by
the United States donating to the State the amount
of the claim she holds against the roads, on condi-
tion that tile State of Tennessee shall assume and
settle all the claims asserted by the State and rail-
road companies against the United States,"
A yielding to demands contrary to law and
justice opens the door for remuneration for
treason; for other late rebel States are inter-
ested in railroads as stockholders, and Vir-
ginia largely.
COXTKAKY TO EXPRESS LAW.
But the committee say, not only that the
property in question was restored to the ori-
ginal owners without authority of law, but in
direct violation of law, and ask attention to
the act of 0th August, 1801, (12 United States
Statutes, page 310.) the latter portion of the
first section of which reads as follows:
" Or if any person or persons, being the owner of
owners of any such pioperty," [any property or
whatsoever kind or description,] "shall knowingly
use or employ or consent to the use or employment
ot the same as nloiesaid," [in aiding, abettmg, or pro-
moting insurrection or resistance to the laws, or any
person or persons engaged therein,1 aU sueh_prop-
erty is hereby declared to be lawful subject of prizo
and capture wherever found; and it is the duty of
the President of the United States to cause the same
to be seized, confiscated, and condemned."
In the eases under consideration the_ prop-
erty so used and employed was seized in due
course of war, but restored in open disregard
of this plain provision of law and of the spirit
of the law of 3d March, 1863, providing for
the appointment of agents by the Secretary of
the Treasury for the collection and sale at
auction of abandoned or captured property,
and of the spirit of the law of 2d July, 1804,
