1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
night, when there was not time to consider it,
and when I myself, although in favor of the
claim, could not say that I thought it came
fairly before the Senate. Now, here it comes
fairly before the Senate, and is as well and as
thoroughly considered as if it was in a bill by
itself. We are not deficient in reports of com-
mittees ; we have half a dozen of them ; and
we are not deficient in time to explain and
understand the whole matter. But the Sen-
ator says, "Inasmuch as it comes up on an
appropriation bill, therefore we will impose
upon you this condition : if you by any possi-
bility have any other claim arising under that
treaty or any part of it you must give us a
receipt in full for that, or we will not grant you
this relief." That is it substantially. Is that
just? Would the honorable Senator, if he was
sitting as judge, decide upon a proposition of
that kind V f apprehend not; it therefore is
not fair.
Now, sir, what are those other claims? One
of them is a claim that does not arise under
this treaty ; and that is the claim for depreda-
tions, as it is called, upon the lands. There
is no claim that I can perceive, or that has ever
been made, arising under any article of the
treaty for those depredations. I will state in
what that claim is founded. The Government
of the Province of New Brunswick undertook
to send men there to cut off timber. It was a
disputed territory. They claimed it; it turned
out not to be theirs, any part of it in reality ;
but they sent on persons to cut off and strip
the timber from those lands. The State of
Maine raised a military force and sent that mili-
tary force on under the land agent to protect
that property. There was danger of a collision
on the border that might lead to difficulty with
the British Government. We did not ask any
aid of the Government of the United States to
protect us, but took our protection into our
own hands. But the Government of the United
States did interfere, and they sent down the
commanding general of the army, General
Scott, to interpose on behalf of the United
States and the State government. The United
States Government through him ordered^ the
troops of Maine off and took possession of the
teiritory themselves, and did not defend it or
attempt to defend it, in consequence of which
the timber was all stripped off the land. That
is the simple statement.
There was an agreement made at the time
that both parties should suspend operations,
under the direction of the commanding general
of the army; and what was the resultMaine
held loyally to the bargain ; but the Province
of New Brunswick, in between thirty and forty
days, stripped off the timber. Maine has
rnadeaclaim against the General Government,
founded upon that interference, for the loss of
the timber ; but it has nothing to do with the
treaty. I am very much afraid, from what I
have witnessed in this Hall in regard to claims,
that we never shall get anything in regard to
it; but. nevertheless, I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania if it is the fair thing to say that
you will not grant this under the treaty, how-
ever honest it may be, unless Maine gives up
that claim? Is that a kind of legislation that
he tuinks would.be exactly a fair mode of
dealing with the State? Here is one claim;
we ask you to settle it upon its merits; and
what has that to do with the other, which has
nothing to do with the treaty?
There is another claim that arises under the
treaty, but it arises under a separate article of
the treaty, under article five. What is it? By
that treaty the Government of the United
States were to reimburse Maine for her ex-
penses in defending that territory. It did,
after a long time, reimburse the actual expenses
and interest, but, in calculating the interest, it
calculated it in the old fashion, applying ail the
payments it made from time to time to the
principal instead of to the interest that was
due.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. The interest was not
provided by treaty. The provision of the treaty
was simply that Maine should be repaid her
expenses. Subsequently Congress passed an
act that she might obtain interest.
Mr. PESSENDE.N. Yes, sir; Congress
passed an act to pay interest, and it passed an
act to pay interest as a consequence of the
provision of the treaty to reimburse Maine.
Maine borrowed money, for which it paid in-
terest, in order to carry on that service. Maine
claims that that interest, under the fifth article,
shall be calculated in the ordinary way, as has
been done in the case of Maryland and other
States. The Senator says to Maine, "You
must give up that; you must not be heard on
that claim at all, although it was allowed to
Maryland in a similar account and has been
allowed in other cases." Perhaps we shall
never get that, but ought we to give it up?
Ought we to be called upon in consequence of
making this claim, if this is seen to be just,
to give up the other, too ? Those are questions
perfectly distinct in their character from the
matter under consideration.
It being a fact that we have made two several
and distinct claims not connected with this one,
having no reference to it in any way, itis pro-
posed to put here an amendment by which we
shall be called upon to give up those claims,
one of which may be considered as arising
under the fifth article, and the other having no
reference to the treaty ; that we shall not have
£his claim, however just and right it may be,
unless we give a receipt in full for claims which
are not connected with it. Is that fair? One
would think that my honorable friend in mov-
ing this amendment was rather operating as
retained counsel to see what he can do best for
his client than acting as a legislator to decide
between the United States and a State upon
principles of justice and equity. I know that
is not according to his nature, and I think he
must see at once that the excuse he makes for
offering it is not a valid excuse when there is
so much opportunity as there is here to con-
sider this claim upon its merits. I move to
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania by striking out all of it alter the
reference to the fourth article of the treaty.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I rise to say a word in
opposition to the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Maine. The claim of interest
and the claim for depredations upon the dis-
puted territory, and the claim provided tor in
the amendment itself indemnifying settlers,
all came here to Congress together. They have
been pressed at one and the same time. They
are combined together in reports which have
been made to the two Houses, have been con-
sidered together by committees which have
investigated the general subject of the claims
of the State of Maine. I do not connect them
together for the first time by my amendment.
1 take the claims of the State of Maine as
they have been introduced here by her agents
and her representatives in the two Houses ;
and when I discover that upon the present oc-
casion a single one of these claims is^ singled
out and an appropriation to_ cover it is asked
for I simply recall the omitted items of de-
mand and propose to include them in the
action of the Senate, so that we shall make an
end, that we shall terminate questions ot con-
troversy between that State and the Govern-
ment of the United States in reference to
—what ? The general subject-matter to which
the treaty of Washington related, the disputed
territory claimed to be within the boundaries
of the State of Maine, but which was divided
by that treaty.
The Senate will remember that the Govern-
ment of the United States agreed to pay to the
States of Maine and Massachusetts by that
treaty the sum of $300,000, and expressly in
consideration of the assent of those States to
the line established by the treaty. That was
the leading and controlling consideration upon
which the payment of that money was provided
for. Another reason was assigned to popu-
larize the treaty, suggesting that the Govern-
ment of the United States received acquisitions
of territory and posts on the line of the State
of New York, and upon the line of Vermont.
I believe, also; but that was the leading, that
was the main consideration for the payment
of that amount of money to those States. Now,
sir, I venture to say that when that treaty was
negotiated, and when it was ratified by the
Senate of the United States, noue of these
claims that are pressed on our attention
from the State of Maine were considered or
thought of.
It will be remembered that the commis-
sioners representing the two States of Maine and
Massachusetts hesitated in,giving their assent
to the treaty when being negotiated by Mr.
Webster and Lord Ashburton. Finally they
proposed to submit the question to the Senate;
they propose to be bound by the judgment of
the Senate upon the question whether those
States would agree to the treaty, or should
assent to its terms. The Senate proceeding to
ratify the treaty, the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts acquiesced in it, and it went into
effect and became the fundamental law of the
land; and these States received the amount of
$300,000 for their assent to the line established
by the treaty, so far as they were concerned,
and to the general provisions so far as tliey
would affect those States which were contained
in that treaty. Then here come up three or
four claims which have been brought into Con-
gress and pressed upon the attention of both
Houses. They are still pending and unde-
termined. What I desire now is that in voting
money to these States upon claims which are
doubtful, upon claims in regard to which
exactly opposite opinions can honestly be held
by members of Congress, we shall determine
the whole subject "which was sent here and
which has heretofore been considered in the
two Houses—all relating to this disputed ter-
ritory, claims of property or of right in the
disputed territory, and to the expenditures of
the State for its protection at a certain period
of time when we were upon the verge of hos-
tility with Great Britain in reference to this
very dispute.
And now, sir, what is the claim of interes-t.
which is the main thing to be debated under
the present motion to strike out the latter
clause of my amendment. By one of the articles
of the treaty of Washington of August 9, 1842,
it was made the duty of the United States to
indemnify Maine for her expenses incurred in
protecting and defending the territory which
had been in dispute with GreatBritain. Under
this article, the expenses of that State for
troops, civil posse, and otherwise were audited at
the Treasury, and as the amounts so audited
were reported from time to time, appropria-
tions were made for them by Congress and they
werepaid. Finally, on the 3d of March, 1853,
an act was passed through the two Houses of
Congress providing that so far as Maine had
been obliged to pay interest in borrowing money
to defend her territory, the amount so paid
should be refunded to her. This has been
done. She could not claim that interest under
the treaty. She was obliged to come to Con-
gress to obtain the passage of an act here to
allow her interest on her expenditures.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the honor-
able Senator allow me a word?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The honorable
Senator says that Congress agreed to pay her
the interest, which has been done. That is
precisely the point. The proposition i3 that it
was done in a particular way, which was not
doing it in the way in which it was meant by the
act that it should be done,
i Mr. BUCKALEW. That is a criticism upon
: words. The amount of interest which she had
! paid out was repaid to her.
1 Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, Not according
! to the rule established by legislation with
; reference to the payment of interest to States.
I Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator is strug-
i raling over a difficulty aboutwords. I will state
; it precisely if he will wait a moment, ine
amount of interest which, the State of Maine
had paid upon her loans negotiated for the
purpose of meeting the expenditures st a&lBna,-
