252
 JL
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18
The only trouble is on the question what
is a "tax?" We all know what a "duty"
is; we know what an "impost" is, and we
know what an "excise" is. Was the word
"tax" as used there employed in its general or
its limited sense? Did it have a specific mean-
' ing of its own, or did the word " taxes " include
"duties, imposts, and excises?" That is the
only difficulty we have in construing this clause
of the Constitution. I believe that the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] generally
uses Webster's dictionary, and I shall refer to
that authority. In a speech which I delivered
some time ago I took up all the writers on the
subject of taxation, ana I shall not weary the
Senate by referring to them again; but I will
turn to Webster's dictionary for a definition for
the words used in the Constitution. I believe
that, in a small compass, that work gives a
truthful definition of tnese terms according to
the law writers of England.
Webster says that "duty" ig—
"A tax, toll, impost, or customs; excise."
That is, in its general sense; but further:
"Any sum of money required by Government to be
j>aid on the importation, exportation, or consump-
tion of goods. An impost on land or other real estate
and on the stock of farmers is not called a duty, but
a direct tax."
Now, let Us turn to the word "excise:"
"An inland duty or impost laid on articles produced
and consumed in a country, and also on licenses to
deal in certain commodities. Formerly in England
the cxcise embraced certain imported articles, as
wine. Sic.-, but these are now transferred to the cus-
toms. Many articles are excised at the manufactory,
as rye at the distillery, printed silk and linen at the
printer's."
Blackstone says that it is a tax purely upon
manufactures, and I believe that no law writer
otherwise defines it. I now turn to the word
"tax." Webster says:
"Tax is a term of general import, including almost
every species of imposition on persons or property
for supplying the public treasury, as tolls, tribute,
subsidy, excise, imposts, or customs; bat more gen-
erally tax is limited to the sum laid upon polls, land,
houses, horses, cattle, products, and occupations."
These are the definitions given; and now,
referring again to the words of the Constitu-
tion, we find that our power is " to levy taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises." Some Senators
ask the question—the Senator from Maine has
asked it—why can we not tax an agricultural
production ; is there any reason against it? I
will call the Senator's attention to the fact
that after this general power is given there is
a declaration to this effect: "but all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be uniform through-
out the United States." Mark you, the lan-
guage of the Constitution is such that the word
"taxes," used in the preceding part of the
same clause, is here dropped. Congress has
power to levy "taxes, duties, imposts, and
excises;" "but all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform throughout the United States.''
Now let me put a question to the Senator
froni Maine. The stamp tax properly speak-
ing is a duty; an excise is a tax of so much
taken out of the pound or value of a manufac-
ture ; an impost is a tax paid on importation.
The word " taxes" being left out of the clause
which declares that duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform throughout the United States,
does it follow that taxes are not to be uni-
form? If the Senator's view be correct, that
the word " taxes" is here used in its broadest
sense, in an unlimited sense, in a general
sense, and not as meaning simply specific
taxes or direct taxes, you will see that the
limitation does not amount to anything at all.
Did the Convention that framed the Constitu-
tion intend to say that when you tax manufac-
tures you must tax them in all the States uni-
formly, but that when you tax an article of
agriculture you may tax it three times as much
in one State as in another? Is that the mean-
ing of the Constitution ?
I remember that a year or two ago, in order
to evade, as I thought, a difficulty of this char-
acter, there was a provision in one of the
internal revenue laws saying that wherever the
word tax was used in the law it should mean
duty, and wherever the word duty was used
it should mean tax. I supposed it was abso-
lutely essential in order to avoid the difficulty
found in the Constitution to use. that language
in the law; but there was a difference undoubt-
edly in the mind of those who framed the
Constitution ; because if there was not, if the
word "taxes" was used in its broad sense,
there was no necessity and no propriety in using
also the words "imposts, duties, and excises."
If the word "taxes" was sufficient and included
"imposts, duties, and excises," why were the
other words" used at all? If "taxes" was
enough, why not stop here? If the word
" taxes" was used in its broadest sense, why
not stop there; why add the other words ?
If, however, it was used in its limited sense,
what does it mean ? I have already read the
provision that'' all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform throughout the United States."
And then there is another provision of the Con-
stitution to be borne in mind:
" Representatives and direot taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective
numbers."
And there is a further provision that—
"No capitation or other direct tax shall be laid
unless in proportion to the census or enumeration
hereinbefore directed to be taken."
What does the word "tax" there mean?
As I have said before, it is not included in
"excisss," it is not included in "imposts," it
is not included in " duties"—it does not mean
either of these, or else surely the wise men
who made the Constitution would have stopped
with the use of the word "taxes" and said
nothing more.
At the time the Constitution was framed my
understanding is that the South gave to the
North, in a sort of compromise in framing that
instrument, the right to regulate commerce
with foreign nations. They supposed that the
concession of that power to the General Gov-
ernment was a great boon to the North ; and
the other provisions of the Constitution were
made expressly to secure the agricultural inter-
ests of the South, as the proceedings of the
Convention will show. Now, sir, what are
those other provisions? I call the attention
of Senators to the language—
"No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
It is not that "no export tax shall be levied,"
in the language of the English law, but that—
"No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from aDy State."
What is the meaning of that? When they
come to put the prohibition upon the States they
employ altogether different language:
"No State shall, without the consent of the Con-
gress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports."
This was one of the guarantees that the
southern members supposed they had against
the power to regulate commerce, and for their
own protection, and you see how different the
language is:
"No State shall, without the consent of tho Con-
gress, lay any imports or duties on imposts or
exports."
Why ? Because otherwise the other provis-
ions of the Constitution would be entirely de-
stroyed, which they imagined they had secured
for the protection of their own industry at the
South. It would not have done to use the
same language in regard to the States that was
used in regard to the legislation of Congress;
and why? Because an article might be taxed
under State law that is afterward exported;
and if you make the State pay back to the ex-
porter the tax that has been levied how will
the State maintain its State government if it
frows an article that is exclusively exported ?
t cannot do so. It is declared simply that
the States shall not lay any duty on exports,
while in regard to Congress the provision is that
no tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported;
and if a tax is laid on an article and it is after-
ward exported, a drawback ought to be paid ;
and that applies, in a fair .construction of the
Constitution, just as well td a manufactured ar-
ticle as it does to an agricultural article. If an
internal duty is put upon any article produced
in this country, the framers of the Constitution
intended that on its exportation a drawback
should be allowed of every dollar that had been
paid by way of duty. Otherwise, there is no
interest, agricultural, mechanical, manufactur-
ing, or otherwise, that cannot be destroyed by
the legislation of Congress. Have you not
destroyed the cotton interest already ? If you
have not, suppose you put the tax at ten cents
(i pound, would any man then grow cotton in
this country? Was it the intention ol the
framers of the Constitution thus to put into the
hands of Congress the power to destroy the
industry of the country? I deny it. It never
was so intended. But however lightly the hon-
orable Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
may have received any argument or intimation
of the unconstitutionality of this tax, I say that
if his construction of the Constitution be cor-
rect any interest may be destroyed. Surely,
that was not the intention. It was supposed
by the framers of the Constitution that they had
guarded against such a contingency in every
way possible. They prevented the States from
laying any duty on tonnage, so that under no
pretense should commerce with foreign nations
be interfered with either by the taxing laws of
the General Government or by the taxing laws
of the respective States. Another provision
was that—
"No preference shall be given by any regulation of
commerce or revenue to the porta of one State over
thoso of another."
But I need not enlarge on this point.
If any tax whatever can be levied upon
agricultural productions it must be levied under
the apportionment clause, because it is a direct
tax and not an excise duty. In the original
opinion of the Supreme Court of the United
States in.the Hilton case that came up from
Virginia, I suppose has been found the founda-
tion for this mode of taxation. That was the
case of the tax on carriages levied in 1794.
The decision in that case could never have
procured the sanction of a majority of the court
without the voice of Mr. Justice Patterson,
and ia his opioion he says :
** It is not necessary to determine whether a tax on
the product of land be a direct or an indirect tax.
Perhaps the immediate product of land in its original
and crude state ia to be considered as the land itself;
itmakes part of it; or else the provision mado against
taxing exports would be easily eluded. Land, inde-
pendently of its produce, is of no value. When tho
produce is converted into a manufacture, it assumes
a new shape; its nature is altered; its original state
is changed; it becomes quite another suhject, and
will be differently considered."
The opinion of the Supreme Court in the
Hilton case instead of strengthening the view
entertained by gentlemen is really a decision
against the position assumed. All the judges
in that case delivered separate opinions, and
each one in his opinion enunciates views and
doctrines which forbid a tax upon agricultural
products. If it can be levied at all I say it is
a direct tax, according to the definitions of
Webster, coinciding with the definitions as you
find them in the law books of the common law
and the statutes of England at the time our
Constitution was framed; and hence it must
be levied under the apportionment rule. As
representation is apportioned to the State so
must this tax be levied. Therefore in its pres-
ent form the tax is unconstitutional, and can
only be levied by apportionment among the
several States. If it as to be imposed in that
way I will hear the argument in favor of it at
the time it is presented.
Mr. President, this is now a tax of twenty-
five per cent, on the value of the article. The
South is impoverished. If it is supposed that
I am actuated by any sympathy with the peo-
ple of the South or with the rebellion by which
they have imposed so great a debt upon us,
Senators are very much mistaken. I have no
sympathy with the rebellion; but my plan
would have been when the rebellion closed to
take all such shackles off agriculture. The
South is peculiarly an agricultural country.
They can grow an article there that is of im-
mense value to the world, and if we encourage
that industry it does not inure to the benefit of
