1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike out
" $800,500" and insert "$250,000" in lieu
thereof. And I wish to say here, by way of
protestation, that I have not the same confi-
dence in the Sixth Auditor for the Post Office
Department as the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] has. 1 do not think that bu-
reau is any further removed from suspicion
than some others that I could name.
Mr. BLAINE. I did not name "suspicion"'
in connection with any of them.
Mr. SPALDING-. Well, you said it was
above all others.
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir; I did not say that
either. I merely said it was equal in respect-
ability and reliability to any other.
Mr. SPALDING. It is because the princi-
pal officers of that bureau are from Maine.
[Laughter.] That is the idea.
Now, I claim, with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kelsby,] that we might, with the
same propriety, appropriate, in round num-
bers, $20,260,000, and leave it all subject to a
disposition to be made by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, as to put in $800,000 here on the princi-
ple suggested by the gentleman from Maine.
We have no control over it. 1 say to you that
the money will be used up. There is no doubt
about that. If you want to give them a rea-
sonable sum for contingencies give it, but do
not give the whole amount to be appropriated
for the service of the Post Office Department
to be used at the pleasure of a single indi-
vidual. I object to that, and I think the
reasoning of the gentleman from New York
is sound. We should hold these contingen-
cies within some reasonable bounds. The
gentleman ought not to ask for more than a
quarter of a million to be subjected in this
way to the pleasure of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and I certainly shall vote against insert-
ing the ยง800,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, I would not vote a
quarter of a million of dollars or ten thousand
dollars to be expended at the pleasure of the
Postmaster General. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] is exceedingly liberal when
he says he will vote a quarter of a million
dollars to be expended at the pleasure of the
Postmaster General or any other officer of this
Government.
Now, this matter is very much misunder-
stood either by me or by other gentlemen ; I
will leave the committee to judge of that. If
we put in this $800,000 now, we will have sup-
plied what will conduct the Post Office De-
partment for the next fiscal year.
Mr. SPALDING. Why was not this matter
brought before the Committee on Appropria-
tions ?
Mr. BLAINE. I did bring it before that
committee.
Mr. SPALDING. It was not brought be-
fore that committee at all.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; I did bring it before the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The thirty minutes al-
lowed by the House forgeneral debate has now
expired.
Mr. BLAINE. I will speak to the amend-
ment. This $800,000 is not to be at the con-
trol of the Department for contingencies at all.
That is the mistake into which my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] falls. It is to be under
the control of the Post Office Department for
all these items for which appropriations are
made. The very first clause of this bill is as
follows:
That the following sums be, and the same are here-
by, appropriated, for the service of the Po?t Office
department for the year ending June 30,1869, out
of any moneys in the Treasury arising from the reve-
nues of the said Department, in conformity to the act
of the 2d of July, 1836.
By oti.e single sweep we there put $16,700,000
into the hands of the Post Office Department.
The whole bill appropriates for the use of the
Post Office Department the sum of $19,500,000.
Now, where is the additional $2,800,000 to
come from ? The Department has ยง2,000,000
to its credit of undrawn balances. And where
is the $800,000 to come from ? The section I
have moved proposes to give it, provided the
revenues of the Department fall short of the
full sum here called for.
Now, whether this be appropriated now or
be appropriated next December, I suppose, is
a matter of small consequence. But 1 think it
is more direct and frank to say now distinctly
what the service will cost instead of calling for
it next year in a deficiency bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I think the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Bl.une] fails to meet the objec-
tion which I make to his amendment. He
proposes by this amendment to appropriate
the sum of $800,000 to meet any deficiency
that may occur in the appropriation for any
item contained in this bill. Now, of course,
the expenditure will be entirely in the discre-
tion of the Post Office Department. The De-
partment can jmake a deficiency in any item
for which we have made an appropriation,
and then turn around and take this general
fund and apply it to that item. This is, there-
fore, appropriating in advance for a deficiency.
Now, I object to this amendment. I say
that if there is to be a deficiency we should
ascertain where it is to occur and increase the
appropriation for that item in order to meet
the expected deficiency. I do not see thatthc
position which I took in the outset is at all met
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
This 8800,000 is to bo appropriated for any
purpose that the Department may sec fit to
apply it to.
Sir, the sole object of having appropriation
bills divided up into items is in order that
Congress may direct the manner m which the
moneys of the Government may be expended,
by the Post Office Department as well as by
any other Department. We should define and
declare the objects for which the money which
we appropriate shall be expended.
Now, my objection to this amendment is,
that instead of our doing this work, which it
is our duty to do, we throw it off by appro-
priating this large sum of money and leaving
the Post Office Department to expend it at
their discretion for any purpose connected
with that Department. If I am now under-
stood by this committee it is all I desire. I
hope this amendment, appropriating this $800,-
000 in this loose way, to be expended at the
discretion of any oflioer or any Department of
the Government, will be voted down. And I
hope that all such propositions, whether in
this bill or any other, will be voted down.
Mr. FARNSWORTIT. I am in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Bi.aine] and against the proposition of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kelset,] for
this reason: an appropriation to supply what
it is supposed will be a deficiency must be left
to the discretion of the Postmaster General.
It is to be expended for the opening of new
mail routes, for supplying mail facilities where
none have been supplied before, and in a hun-
dred ways where it would bo impossible for
Congress to specify the particular manner in
which the money shall be expended. We are
obliged to leave to the discretion of the De-
partment, subject, of course, to the review of
the Sixth Auditor whenever the bills are pre-
sented to him for audit, the manner in which
the money shall be expended. This large sum
appropriated for the transportation of the mails
is left to the discretion of the Department to
say where it shall beused and how it shall be
used, subject to such laws as Congress may
have enacted or may hereafter enact; as we
sometimes pass laws to fix how much shall
be paid to a railroad company for carrying the
mails.
But how you can fix it any better I cannot
possibly conceive ; for Congress certainly can-
not define in advance the manner in which this
sum shall be expended. There will be a de-
ficit. The Postmaster General estimates that
it will be from two to four millions. There
must be a deficit. The Post Office Department
of this Government cannot be a self-sustaining
Department of this Government so long as we
continue to supply mail facilities to tue new
Territories, to the extreme sections of the
country which are being settled and developed.
I concur in the remarks made a few moments
ago by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr,
O'Neill.] I do not believe that the idea of
making the Post Office Department self-sus-
taining is a sound one. We might as well in-
sist that the Agricultural Department or the
War Department or any other department
should be self-sustaining. The Post Office De-
partment is the only Department of this Gov-
'ernment which is a benefactor, which spreads
blessings and benefactions wherever it reaches.
The other Departments of the Government are
for governing the people. This is a Depart-
ment for the benefit of the people. Its pur-
pose is to bring the glad messenger who carries
the mail to the door of every man, however
remote may be his residence; that the little
winged messenger, a letter, may come to him
once in a while. This Department opens the
country to settlement; it extends civilization;
it developes the country. It is an error to say
that this Department should be self-sustaining,
and I hope that this error will be exploded.
Mr. BLAINE. I labor under the disad-
vantage of not getting my friend from New
York, [Mr. Ivelsey,] my friend 'from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] and probably many other gen-
tlemen of the committee to understand what
I am trying to say. This item of $800,000
which we put in here is not an additional ap-
propriation. There is not a single dollar of
additional appropriation. We go on in this
bill and make these various appropriations,
$10,500,000 for inland mail transportation,
$420,000forforeign mail transportation, $450,-
000 for stamps and stamped envelopes, &c. The
Postmaster General takes up our appropria-
tions and says : " You have appropriated here
in the aggregate $19,500,000. Where am I to
get the money?" We say to him, " Why, the
revenues of your Department, according to
your own estimates, amount to $10,700,000;
you further state that you have in the Treasury
$2,000,000 of undrawn balances ; and then for
the residue we put in an appropriation of
$800,000." It is not $800,000 in addition.
We do not add a dollar to the appropriations.
We merely provide where the Department shall
get the money to meet the appropriations made
in the bill. It would be aflat absurdity for us
to leave the Postmaster General with this
$19,500,000 of expenditure on his back with-
out giving him the money to pay it.
Mr. SPALDING. I understand the gen-
tleman's position. We appropriate for the
Post Office Department $20,000,000, if you
please, to be realized out of the revenues of
the Department; but if the revenues do not
amount to that much we appropriate out of
the general Treasury to makeup the deficiency.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, is not that fair?
Mr. SPALDING. We make large appro-
priations out of the proceeds of the Post Office
Department for the service of that Department;
and then wo say that if the proceeds shall fall
short in the amount of $800,000 that sum
shall be taken from the general Treasury.
Mr. BLAINE. Of course we must say so.
Such a provision has been in every appropria-
tion bill of this kind time out of mind.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not misunderstand
the gentleman's position; but I say we had
better hold the money in our own hands.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, then, let us go back
and amend this appropriation bill. In this bill
we have appropriated $19,500,000. How are
we going to pay this? Is the Government
going to pay the appropriations it makes, and
is it going to furnish the revenue to do it ? I
do not think it worth while to prolong this
discussion.
T hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. PRUYN. Has the debate been ex-
hausted ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw ray pro forma
amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. I renew it.
