3684
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
ing this territory was repaid to her; bat she
was not allowed interest upon that interest at
the Treasury. Of course she could not obtain
that under the act of Congress which was passed
for her relief. What, then, is the nature of
this claim for interest ? It was not covered by
the treaty of Washington; nothing was cov-
ered but the principal sum of her expendi-
tures. She received them. Then she appealed
to Congress, and a law was passed authorizing
tlie payment to her of the amount of the inter-
est which she had paid upon her loans, and
that has been paid to her; every dollar of it.
Now, what is the present claim ? That Con-
gress, by another act or joint resolution, shall
authorize the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to calculate interest upon the interest which
she {Said, shall take the principal sum and the
interest originally paid into one account, and
shall allow her an original amount of interest
upon a particular mode of calculation, such as
it is said was authorized in a former case of a
claim by the State of Maryland a great while
ago, the only precedent in our history which
the researches of gentlemen have enabled them
to bring forward as justify ing such an allowance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The same rule
was applied in the case of Georgia.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am alluding to the
only one mentioned in this report. How much
was the amount of that? In 1864 the amount
was $211,5-17 ; the additional interest desired
by that State 10 Junel, 1864, was $211,547 48,
to which would be added now the interest for
four years more upon a principal sum of
$130,792 22 making a present claim of over a
quarterof a million dollars. Is not this a little
remarkable ? Here an outlay originally made
by the State of Maine for her own interests in
protecting her own territory, asserting her own
title, vindicating her own boundary, not insti-
gated by the Government of the United States,
in fact incurred under discouragement from
the State Department and the President, made
on her own account, was generously refunded
to her by the treaty of Washington ; and after-
ward upon an appeal'to Congress the interest
which she had paid upon loans to make that
unauthorized outlay—1 mean unauthorized so
far as the Government of the United States
was concerned—was also paid to her ; and yet
here is a claim accumulating rapidly in amount
and now swollen up to $250,000, or about that
amount of interest as it would be calculated
according to the statement in this report.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessendex]
says that I appear desirous to act otherwise
than as a judge. I suppose the gentlemen who
represent the State of Maine in the two Houses
of Congress, on a question of this sort, are to
bo taken as representing their own State; rep-
resenting it particularly; prepared to vindicate
its interests, and, so far as possible, to make
good the claim which has been preferred in its
behalf. All that I am desirous of doing is to
secure to the Government of the United States
so much of security and of immunity against
doubtful, contested, and State demands as I
can, when this subject is brought before me
and I am obliged to vote upon it. 1 did riot
bring it here. It is brought here by the State,
and 1 regard the present amendment as a com-
promise. I am willing to take it in that point
of view. Although 1 am not satisfied that
these claims, made on behalf of the State of
Maine, are good and valid, that we are bound
in point point of law, in point of moral obliga-
tion, to pay them; yet, as it is a contested
matter and as different opinions prevail, and
as a generous course on the part of the Gov-
ernment in a, case of dispute with one of the
States is wisdom and policy in the main, I am
agreed to compromise these several claims
which have been pressed upon our attention
by paying this large amount of money, provided
this will make an end of it.
I am willing to do what a man in private
business often does in his difficulties with his
neighbors ; where there are differences of opin-
ion. Where there are matters of contest, the
parties meet together and each side gives up
some of its pretensions, and getting to a com-
mon ground conclude all dispute and difficulty.
That is for peace and good neighborship; and
in the long run men who act in this manner
are to be reckoned as wise and prudent in
their day and generation. In that way I would
act now in Congress. This State presenting
these three or four claims through her repre-
sentatives,- through committees that have been
inspired by her arguments and her reasoning,
is now to be treated ; and all the matters in
dispute which are introduced here ought to
be concluded at one time.
Now, what is the result? I might have gone
over this record and shown several other bills
that Congress has passed paying money on
claims of Massachusetts and Maine. I paid
several thousand dollars a few years ago to
quiet two townships in Maine. There have
been appropriations for war expenses of 1812
at different times by "Congress. ' There has
been no disposition to deal harshly or to deal
unjustly with these States, and particularly the
State of Maine. But what will be the result
if you do not adopt this amendment of mine?
The inevitable result will be that those inter-
ested in the State of Maine in these claims will
continue to press them on the attention of their
representatives, and we shall have bills here
afterintroduced for their payment The argu-
ment pressed upon one will bepersisted in after
perhaps repeated defeats. We see that claims
grow stronger by the lapse of time. The very
claim covered by the present amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire has been
ruled out of order several times, and was
rejected upon one occasion. The excuse is
that it came up at the end of a session when
there was no time to fully consider it. I think
that objection applies here. This ought to be
brought up by itself and voted upon by itself,
and ought not to be put on an appropriation
biil.
What I desire is that we shall be done with
this whole subject of claims from the State of
Maine with reference to lands disputed about,
and in regard to which the boundary treaty of
1842 was made, and that in paying this sum of
money now we shall have in part consideration
for it peace for the future, security against
renewed demands, against future debates and
the consumption of public time to the injury
of the interests of the people and States. I
should like a settlement. I am unwilling to
vote this money on any other principle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I want to say in
reply to the Senator from Pennsylvania is that
his whole argument goes to the extent it did
before, and that is that he understands himself
as making a compromise. I do not ask the
Senator to make any compromise of a doubt-
ful claim. I ask the Senate to pass a claim
which is notdoubtfulin my judgment, and which
has been reported favorably upon over and over
and over again, so that I do not agree to his
idea. He may vote so if he pleases, but the
question is whether we are entitled to this par-
ticular specific claim, and the Senator's amend-
ment that we shall not have it if we are en-
titled to it unless we give up all other claims
that we may have not only arising under this
treaty but outside of it, is not fair. They are
terms not imposed on anybody. The Senator
seems to talk as if he never heard of a claim
being before Congress before, as if this were
a new thing. Why, sir, they are here every
day, of one sort and another. All I ask now
is to confine the amendment of the Senator to
the article under which we make the claim,
the fourth article, and I hope the Senator will
be willing to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy.) The Chair understands the Senator from
Maine to propose to amend the amendment of
the Senator from Pennsylvania by striking out
the words—
Or ill relation to depredations upon tlie lands or
territory mentioned in paid article, or to interest upon
expenditures incurred by the State of Maine in do-
lending the same prior to tlie negotiation of said
treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes. sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
in order strictly, but if there be no objection
the Chair will entertain the motion to strike
out.
The motion to strike out was agreed to ;
there being, on a division—ayes 21, noes 9.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Buckalew, as modified, to add to the
amendment of Mr. Patterson, of New Hamp-
shire, this proviso:
And provided further, That the appropriation
hereby made shall he held to conclude and_ extin-
guish all asserted claims of said States of Maine and
Massachusetts, and of all settlers, owners, and claim-
ants against the United States under the fourth
article of said treaty of Washington.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see what right
the State of Maine has to make any sach agree-
ment, or why it is just to conclude the cla.ims
private persons may have against the United
States.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the amendment is
entirely out of place and had better be voted
down, and let us come to a vote on the original
proposition.
Mr. BUCKALEW". I can answer the prop-
osition of the Senator from Maine. This claim
is made on behalf of settlers, citizens of that
State, under the treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. It is not
made on behalf of settlers, but simply made
to enable the Government of the United States
to give releases to certain settlers that they
agreed to give releases to. Now, the Senator
offers an amendment that if you give releases
to these settlers, or enable the U nited States
to do it, it shall be in full for all claims not
only of the State of Maine under that article
of the treaty, but of all private persons, what-
ever may be the nature of their claims. Those
words ought to be stricken out, and if that
were done I should have no objection to the
proposition.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator does not
understand me. What I mean is that tlie State
of Maine makes this demand in the interest of
her settlers ; she herself may make any adjust-
ment she pleases with them ; but at the same
time as the claim is made on behalf of them,
it is perfectly proper to conclude the whole
subject. The claim is made under the fourth
article of the treaty, and I understood from the
Senator's former argument that he was willing
to conclude the whole subject under that par-
ticular article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So I am, so far as the
State of Maine is concerned. Any claim that
the State of Maine may have under the article
I am perfectly willing to conclude; but if a
private individual has a claim against the Uni-
ted States under that article o"r any other, I am
not willing to conclude that; and it is not right
to do it. Therefore, if the Senator will strike
out these words I have no objection that the
State of Maine shall be entirely concluded as
to all her claims under the article. I move to
strike out these words.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. On this question I have
paired with the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] who was obliged to leave on account
of sickness. I am in favor of the appropriation
and he against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have paired with the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.] I
am opposed to the amendment ofifered by the
Senator from New Hampshire and in favor of
this amendment. I do not feel at liberty to
vote for this amendment because I do not know
which way the Senator from Maryland would
vote if he were here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, GonkRng,
Davis, IVetinghuysen, Hendricks-. Howard, Howe,
MeCreery, Sherman, Trumbatl, Van .Winkle,  ad
Tickers—18. '
