136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Report on Southern Railroads.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
AND WHEN RESTORED ?
But if that law were not deemed sufficiently
"plain for the guidance ot' the executive officers
of a loyal people wlio had, after the sacrifice
of many lives and much treasure, saved their
country from rebel grasp, it certainly indicated
their (the people's) sentiments so clearly that
the restoration of this vast amount of property
at the time it was restored was an outrage upon
their rights; for it was restored but a short
time preceding the December session, 1865, of
Congress, when they, through their Represent-
atives, could have been consulted.
Between the time of the return of these
roads and the assembling of Congress, at a
regular session, only about three months and
less, in the most important cases, intervened.
The amountof $123,000,000 and over would
have justified calling an extra session of Con-
gress a month or two in advance, even though
the subject of reconstruction had been of no
importance.
But, this haste for returning property to
rebel hands is somewhat attempted to be ac-
counted for by General M. C. Meigs, who, on
page 259 of Report No. 34, testifies:
"Itwill be perceived that these railroadsliavebeen
costing during the present year $1,300,000 a month,
and the expenses are still going on."
The committee submit that this only proves
that the Administration gave away $123,000,-
000 and over of Government property to save
$3,900,000, the expense of running the roads
three months, until the assembling of Con-
gress ; and that it does not prove the roads
could not, together with rolling stock, have
been sold to companies who would have oper
ated them profitably for themselves under the
managementof experienced railroad men. No
one doubts they could be so sold to-day. But
executive officers had no right to exercise their
discretion or judgment. Their duty was to
obey the law, or, in the absence of law, to in-
form the law-making power.
THE POLICY PURSUED.
But the committee would present the sub-
ject as they see it in the light of policy, and if
the restoration of this property is both unau-
thorized by law and impolitic the possession
could be resumed by the Government.
While the committee have much respect for
the high officials who advised restoration, they
are constrained to express the opinion that, in
the exercise of their magnanimous liberality
in the disposal of property not their own, they
lost sight of justice, and were misled by too
high an estimate of the character of the en-
emy that had deliberately assailed the Gov-
ernment. It should have been borne in mind
that the war of rebellion was waged to perpet-
uate human oppression by those wills, with
their ancestors, had for many years gratified
that disposition to oppress that destroys all
the noble sentiments and feelings of the soul.
This seems to have been forgotten.
The high standing socially, and, in time past,
politically, of railroad presidents and directors,
and the influence which wealth and intelli-
gence ever give, seem to have caused sight to
be lost of the enormity of the crime of trea-
son, so much so that while the only horse of a
poor, ignorant man, led into the rebellion by
this very intelligence, is retained and never
returned, when captured conveying informa-
tion even that the enemy may escape death,
these engines of power, this wealth, amount,-
mg to one hundred and twenty-three million
dollars and over, is returned to the intelligent,
wealthy, and influential, whose only magna-
nimity had been to surrender when they could
no longer fight—returned, too, before the basis
had been determined upon for their return as
citizens under recognized governments of
States restored to the Union—engines of
power that could be-used again against the
Government with rebellion revived.
If desiring to renew rebellion, what more in
the promises could these former enemies have
desired than they have received? Eoads re-
paired and constructed, equipped, made ready
for profitable use, and returned!
An individual would consider it blind policy
to put his enraged antagonist upon his feet
and restore to him his deadly weapon. It
would be considered madness in a keeper to
turn from the cage an untamed beast, with
food administered to strengthen him for another
effort to take his life.
Is the life of the nation less precious, or
maddened rebel enemies less to be dreaded ?
And those who regard oaths of loyalty as safe-
guards would do well to remember that almost
yesterday there were in the halls of Congress
those who disregarded oaths, and, by concoct-
ing treason, blackened their souls with perjury.
The policy in the past had been, with all
governments, to impoverish an enemy. In the
cases being considered it lias been to enrich.
The policy pursued can only be justified on the
ground of magnanimity and charity—charity
blinded to justice ; and such magnanimity can
only be excused, if at all, under supposition of
bewilderment growing out of the magnitude of
the war, and the momentous questions connected
with it and growing out of reconstruction.
The desiro for peace was laudable ; but that
had been conquered. The desire for general
prosperity was praiseworthy, and may have
shown goodness of heart; but justice and the
security of after generations forbid rewards for
treason. The "Highest Uuler," who offers
mercy to all, rained fire upon the disobedient,
and a Dead sea remains as a reminder.
To show utterly the failure to appreciate the
disposition of the enemy that had interrupted
the peaceful relations of the country and de-
stroyed trade and commerce, and the mag-
nanimous but ill-timed spirit manifested by
high otlicials of our Government, the commit-
tee here quote from page 267 of lleport No.
34, the words of Secretary Stanton. He tes-
tifies :
" I must say that from the moment of the surrender
of the rebel armies my own consideration was earn-
estly directed to all measures coming within my
sphere of action that would tend to promotethe gen-
eral pacification of the country and the restoration
ot its trade and commcrce to its original channels.
This 1 deemed to be not only the most effectual, but
by tar the most economical, system of policy that
could be pursued, and also tho most safe and certain
in its results. From oaily study I had beenledtothe
belief that oneof tuecliicf purpnsosforthc establish-
ment of the Union originally formed between the
States was for the promotion and encouragement of
peaceful commerce, industry, and intercourse be-
tween the inhabitants of tho rcspcetiveStates, and I
therefore believed that whatever would tend to that
object, either in tile disposition of surplus materials
or ni other exorcise of the powers of the Government,
would bo incumbent upon tho Executive, and of
benefit to the whole nation, and nono occurred to me
as being more speedy in its beneficial results than at
once to open the channels that had been broken up
or obstructed by hostilities; and that, in comparison
with the improvements that would thus result, the
value of the property that might be turned over
would be comparatively of insignificance."
The committee appreciate the eloquencebut
not the force of the argument. Under a dif-
ferent state of facts the argument would be
good and the spirit admirable. If the Govern-
ment and her enemies had been equally re-
sponsible, chargeable, for the "hostilities"
that had "obstructed or broken up the chan-
nels of trade, peaceful commerce, industry,
and intercourse;" if strife had been equally
avoided by both sides and sought by neither;
if peaceful pursuits and friendly intercourse
had been sought by one as by the other, such
magnanimity might have been appreciated and
the return of commerce and industry would
have far more than compensated for the value
of the property turned over.
But the history of the rebellion shows that
the hostilities that "broke up and obstructed"
these channels were voluntarily brought on by
one side against all remonstrance and entreaty
on the part of the friends of the Union ; that
no terms or compromise would be listened to
by those who deliberately resolved to break up
those channels.
Under this state of facts, while it was "in-
cumbent upon the Executive" and upon all
others to promote and encourage trade, com-
merce, and industry, the committee do not
come to the conclusion that this desirable ob-
ject would be reached or advanced by placing
what General II. C. Meigs calls "powerful and
efficient instruments of war," and what the
Secretary himself, on page 200 of lleport No.
34, says "are of importance, in a superior
degree, to the success of military operations,"
in the hands of those unrepentent rebels who
had then but recently destroyed our trade and
commerce and struck at the life of the nation,
and whose only expressed regret had been the
want of success.
The Administration was magnanimous, but
failed to see that pearls may be thrown where
they are not appreciated; and were blind to the
Christian instruction that "the ruler beareth
not the sword in vain, for he is the minister
of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him
that doeth evil."
The committee prefer to adopt the words of
another as expressing their sentiments and in-
dicating the true policy ; of another who can-
not be objected to by those favoring the policy
that has been pursued ; words memorable as
burning with the heat ot'loyalty and patriotism,
and which electrified the loyal heart of this
nation, which responded by conferring honors
upon the distinguished individual.
As early as the 9th day of June, 18G4, this
"individual" said;
"Before these repenting rebels can be trusted let
them bring forth the fruits of repentance. Treason
must bo made odious and traitor- must be punished
and impoverished. Their great plantations must be
seized and divided into small farms, and sold to hon-
est, industrious men." " We get men in command
who, under the influence of flattery, fawning, and
caressing, grant protection to the rich traitor while
the poor Union mail stands out in the cold."
But, contrary to such wise teaching, these
roads, that should have been sold for the ben-
efit of poor Union men who have endured cold
and heat, have been restored, in effect, to pre-
serve the property and wealth in the hands of
rich traitors and influential against the Gov-
ernment for which the poor have fought. And
will it be denied that the officers and stock-
holders in these roads represent much of the
social power and influence in the rebel States?
Certainly not.
Hear then, again, the words of wisdom
coming from this distinguished individual as
late as the 21st day of April, 1865;
" They must not only be punished, but their social
power must be destroyed. If not tliey will still main-
tain an ascendency, and may again become numer-
ous and powerful; lor, in tho words of a former Sen-
ator of the United States, 'when traitors become
numerous enough treason becomes respectable.1"
The committee are of the opinion that not
to preserve the majesty of the power of the
nation, but to preserve the wealth and social
influence of those desiring the nation's life, is
not only to eventually destroy "trade and
commerce," but to defeat the very object of
government by overthrowing its free and right-
eous institutions. Let rebellion become a suc-
cess and all is destroyed. Then the argu-
ments as to the efficiency, economy, certainty,
and safety of such policy are. all together, at
an end. But the testimony of some witnesses
may be quoted who say the plan pursued by
the Administration was "judicious."
^ the words of Major General George II.
Thomas may be quoted against the opinion of
the committee. On page 83. lleport No. 34,
he said:
• V" It"1!*5 the co.ul"®o pursued was the most econom-
ical: tha t, ot turning over the roads to the companies
and paying for transportation."
I he committee would direct attention to
the fact that those words were in reply to a
question that presented but two plans, and he
: vas asked which of the two would have been
j most judicious: one. to have kept the roads
m the possession of the Government and rim
them for its own use; or the other, to have
