1867.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
—-a
the rebels any more than it does to the con-
stituents of every Senator now before rae. If
there is jjreat wealth there—if there is a mine
of wealth—-why not let our citizens go and
develop that mine? There is a mine of wealth
there. There are. at the present price of cot-
ton, five hundred millions annually to be ob-
tained in a few State* by proper agricultural
care, by proper industry, and by developing
properly what we have. Then, it we can make
this amount of labor in the southern States
pay more money than we can at any other busi-
ness, does not the drooping condition of our !
finances require that we shall so do? I should !
think so. j
The honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] said yesterday that when this sub-
ject came up he wanted an opportunity of
declaring that the half per cent, tax now im-
posed should be taken off mining operations
in Nevada and the western Territories. I do
not object to that. That is a tax of one half
of one per cent.; in this case the tax is twenty-
five per cent. ; and yet the Senator from Ne-
vada says he must have that half per cent: tax
off. His appeal ought to be heard by the Sen-
ate, but he should remember—and I do not
mean to speak disrespectfully of his constitu-
ents, or ot the constituents of any other gen-
tleman—that every miner out there is upon the
public domain—land that belongs as much to
our eastern friends as to our western friends—
and nine tenths of his constituents are trespass-
ers upon the public lands. I do not wish to
be understood as speaking of them harshly, but
they are working on land that belongs to the
Government. We allow them to take the land
and impose a tax ofonlyonehalfofone per cent,
of what they realize; and yet the Senator says
that a great agricultural interest which has
been broken down by our taxation, and which
must cease to exist next year unless we do
something to relieve it, must not be relieved
until this half per cent, is taken off his tres-
fassers. That is the whole of his argument.
do not know whether I shall vote with him
on that question; I am not prepared to say
that I shall not; but is there any such urgency
in that case as there is in this?
If we are going to do anything we had better
do it now. This is no flurry, I can assure the
Senator from Connecticut. The people of the
West, at least that portion of them living upon
the Mississippi river, are determined, if they
can, to repeal this cotton tax. If you defeat
us, be it so; we shall submit till we are able
to vote it off; but we are determined to vote
it off if we can. Why ? Because I assure the
Senator that we have ceased to sell to these
people corn, we have ceased to sell to them
■wheat, we have ceased to sell to them pork,
we have ceased to sell to them the agricultural'
productions of our section of the country, and
we can surely sell to them cheaper than any
other people on earth« We would rather that
they should grow cotton and take our agricul-
tural products. We cannot send those pro-
ductions to his section and compete with the
farmers there, because we cannot afford to pay
railroad freights across the continent to the
Atlantic seaboard. Our only way is to cany
our produets upon the great bosom of the Mis-
sissippi and its tributaries. There we can carry
them cheaply. We want this tax taken off,
and we want his constituents and the constit-
uents of the Senator from Maine and of the
SenatorMrom New Jersey and of the Senator
from Massachusetts to go South and produce
cotton. _ We want to make it a profitable pro-
duction in order that we can supply the South
■with those articles that they must necessarily
have.
If yon do not take the tax off what will be
the result? You cripple the gTeat West, and
you force the people of the South to grow eorn
and pork and wheat and those articles which
they cannot profitably produce; they can
barely produce of them enough to live upon ;
and thereby you cripple all interests; you
cripple tho southern people and you cripple
the western people. Now, I notice that my
friend docs not say that he will vote to take
off the drawback. The cotton tax docs not
hurt his constituents. It hurts my constitu-
ents, and it hurts th«outhern people ; and it
does not do him a vast deal of good if the argu-
ment of my friend from Maine be correct. My
theory is that it does not injure the manufac-
turers, because when they come in competition
abroad they get the drawback again iu their
pockets.
You may say I am selfish about this; I am
representing Missouri. I am of course a Senator
of the United States, and I would not be harsh
to any interest, no matter where it is. I think
that 1 am not selfish, and I have never been
selfish in my course in the Senate.
Mr. President, this tax ought to be repealed. :
Even if my position aa to its unconstitution-
ality is incorrect, it is surely an unjust tax aa
it now stands. Who ever heard of a nation
of civilized people taxing an agricultural pro- !
duct twenty-five per cent, of its value? Tithes 1
broke up churches and tore down thrones, and
the whole thing had to be abandoned, but here,
instead of one tithe, you have two and a half
upon an agricultural product.
Is that to be continued? Will a wise people
continue it ? By no means; and all this preju-
dice aroused against rebels does not amount
to anything. As the Senator from Massachu-
setts says, they are with us again. Why did
the western States lying on the Mississippi
river carry the banner of the country to the
Gulf of Mexico 1 Why is it that my constitu- ]
ents and the constituents of the Senator from
Illinois and the constituents of the Senator
from Indiana and the constituents of the Sen- ;
ator from Ohio took the banners of the country :
and carried them in triumph to the Gulf of
Mexico? It is a simple proposition. Of course
they were patriotic and <lesired to preserve the
country; but in the beginning of this war they
determined that the southern States should
never be under a foreign flag, that commerce
should go unvexed to the oeean. They de-
termined in the beginning that we would never
surrender the right we had to carry the agri-
cultural products of the West and to sell them
to the people of the South.
No doubt interest operates on us all to some
extent, and not unjustly. It is right that my
friendB around me should represent peculiarly
their own constituents. They are sent here
by their States for the purpose, not to do an
act of injustice to another State or another
people, but to do right by all, and especially
to look to the interests of their owa constitu-
ents. In the general clash of opinion and of
interest truth is evolved, just as by the friction
of the steel with the flint you get the fire. So,
Mr. President, we arrive at truth by having
conflicting opinions brought together upon the
floor. I think the truth of this matter is in a
repeal of the tax. I believe that it will add
much to the general prosperity; it will put
balances abroad ; it will open up a channel in
which we can make the industry of the South
most profitable to the country. We do not
want them to fritter away their time in attempt-
ing to grow corn or wheat and have the bugs
eat it up after it has been grown. We do not
wish them to fritter away their time in grow-
ing pork. We desire to do it in the West, and
let them cultivate an article which is most
profitable to them, and which, when sent
abroad, will create those balances that are
now so necessary to build up tie finances of
the country. Let them open manufactories
there ; let them commence manufacturing cot-
ton ; and let those manufactured articles be
exported abroad also ; and let our friends in
the East manufacture more fully and more
largely of cotton than they have done, and let
those articles be sent abroad. We do not
object to that.
But, Mr. President, it*is said that if you take
this tax off you cannot get the money from any
other source. I think last year we took off
$66^000,000 from the internal taxes; at least
that was our intention. I remember that we to oft
off the tax upon the transportation of freights
on the great railroad lines of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The particular desiro
of the West was to reduce transportation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know it was the par-
ticular desire of the West; and the West de-
sires a great many things. The West is not
requiring anything wrong in the repeal of this
cotton tax, in my judgment. I think that is a
fair proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say the oth«r
was wrong.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think it waa. It is
a great deal better to-day that we put back that
tax upon the transportation of merchandise on
the great railroad lines of this country and take
it off an agricultural interest of this characters
We relieved a great many interests last year.
I remember well that we relieved everything
that went into ship-building. Why? Torevive
a drooping interest in Maine. It was said that
the State was dying, ruined, prostrated, just as
bad as the South is to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will recol-
lect that the provision to which he alludes was
on the tariff bill, and that bill did not become
Mr. HENDERSON. But we took off the
internal duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much?
Mr. HENDERSON. We took it off a great
many articles, and I think off all that en-
tered into ship-building. I do not complain of
that. If I were a constituent of the Senator's
in Maine I should go for reelecting him for-
ever and ever; he would never go out of the
Senate with my consent, because he always
attends to the interests of his constituents;
and I do not pretend to say that in attending
to the interests of his constituents he ignores
the great interests of the country, because we
all know that he does not. No one has a higher
regard for his intelligence, his integrity, hia
capacity as a representative, than I hove.
But, sir, if this tax be taken off, the result
will in a great many ways be of sufficient gen-
eral interest to the country to supply whatever
we lose by it. If it becomes necessary to re-
place the amount by something else, if we can-
not curtail our expenses to a sufficient extent
to dispense with the amount entirely, let us
put taxes that will raise the same sum upon
some other interest, or else tax lightly all agri-
cultural interests. That I do not presume the
Senate would undertake to do ; I have no idea
they would, but it would be a great deal better.
Mr. President, I have said that speedy action
is important. Whatever we are going to do we
should do now. If this tax is to remain for
another year let the people of the South under-
stand it. If we take it off now of course about
the 1st of February they will commence opera-
tions for the next cotton crop. If we take it
off now they will understand that next year it
is not to be imposed upon them. The Senator
from New York says suspend it for a year and
leave it on the statute-book to be again imposed.
I can say to the Senator that suspension will be
the same as repeal. If it is once suspended
for a year it will never again be imposed. That
is my impression, and therefore I care but little
whether you suspend or repeal it ; but I think
we might as well, under all the circumstances,
repeal it at once ; let the country understand
that it is to terminated forever, and let us
encourage the production of this article to the
very last extent we possibly can.
Mr. President, by our legislation we have
made free the negroes of the South. That is
right; it is in accordance with my views.
There are some four or five million of them.
They are very poor, and they have to rely
upon this interest for support. I have been
called upon again and again, as other Sea-
ators have been, to vote for appropriations to
take care, not only of the negroes but of the
whites of the southern States. The Senator
from Massachusetts says they are in degrada-
tion, misery, and poverty; they have lost every-
