1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13?
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on Southern Railroads.
Ho. of Reps.
turned them over to the companies and let
them run them as common carriers and the
Government to pay them for transportation.
Deciding between the two plans his answer
was correct; but the question implied that
there was no other plan that could be pursued.
It implied the necessity for one or the other.
Now, the committee fail to see the necessity
or policy of either. If the Government had
the right to retain possession, which is implied
in both question and answer, and which no one
will deny, then she had the right to dispose.
The title being in her, she could and should
have sold the roads. Then, on economical
ground, there could be no objection, because
the purchasers would have run them, after
paying millions of dollars to the Government,
and would have, equally with others, encour-
aged the industries and developed the resources
of the country.
The same implication may be drawn from
the reply of General M. C. Meigs. On page
263 of Report No. 34 he said :
" If within tin* properlegal authority of the Admin-
istration, then I think it was wiso and expedient. I
think it would have been to the interest of the Uni-
ted States, to have sacrificed every dollar of the
seven millions at which it valued the rolling stock,
&c„ rather than to have compelled the quarter-
master's department !o carry on the roads to this
day," &c.
Now, the committee say there was no neces-
sity to have compelled the quartermaster's de-
partment to have run them to this day. They
should have been sold.
But in quoting distinguished opinions and
arguments as to the disposition of the roads,
the committee give fioiri one or two others,
first remarking that those already gi\un are
from those removed from the active scenes of
hostilities, and who were not, by contact, as
those in the field, acquainted with the spirit
of the rebellion.
General Canby, who, as has been seen, re-
quired, by an order afterwards modified, cap-
tured rolling stock to be paid for, testifies, on
page 240, Report No. 34:
"After these roads passed out from under my con-
trol some question? were referred to me in connec-
tion with the New Orleans and Opelousas and New
Orleans and Jackson roads, which I thought mani-
fested such bad faith on the part of the managers of
this road that I recommended a resumption of the
military control of these roads and that they should
be sold and the proceeds paid into the Treasury." "1
thought at the time it was made that it was a good
measure; but with the knowledge we have now.it
would have been made on more stringent terms and
more limited than it was. This right of the Govern-
ment tocaptured propcrtyshouldhave been enforced
to a greater extent than it was. The management
of the roads has been very different from what I anti-
cipated at the time it would be."
But the committee would, on this point, quote
the words of one other, who had something to
do with rebels in the field, and whose ready in-
tellect became brightened by rebel contact, as
shown by his executive ability in the adminis-
tration of civil affairs.
One Philip H. Sheridan, a major general in
the Union Army, testifies, 11th February, 18G7,
on page 172 of Report No. 34, and to the ques-
tion " Suppose, in taking command, you found
a railroad which had given aid and comfort to
the enemy, would you take it as being dis-
loyal?" replied:
"That would depend a good deal upon who owned
the road: the road could not help itself. It the road
was owned entirely by loyal men in the North, it
would put a new phase on it. There were undoubt-
edly northern interests in these roads, and that was
the reason why I made the recommendation at one
time to sell the roads and pay the loyal men their
shares and then appropriate the balance to the Gov-
ernment."
And the committee would direct attention
to the remarkable similarity of views of dis-
tinguished men on important questions and
show how these expressions correspond with
that of a distinguished individual known to
fame, made on 21st April, 1805 :
"I say that after making treason odious, every
Union man and the Government should be remuner-
ated out of the pockets of those who have inflicted
this great suffering upon the country."
The foregoing statement of facts and' opin-
ions had prepared the committee for the sub-
mission of the resolutions that will follow, in
compliance with the instructions of the House,
that—
"They shall also report what, in their opinion,
would be the proper course to be taken by the Gov-
ernment in regard to such railroads or railroad com-
panies."
But at the very time the above was prepared
there was referred to the committee other testi-
mony, which is cumulative, upon various points
heretofore submitted, and, as though by de-
sign, is overwhelmingly convincing, removing
any lingering doubt as to the correctness'of
the conclusions arrived at as to the disloyalty
of those connected with and interested in south-
ern railroads and as to the animus of particular
roads already named.
This additional testimony is Executive Doc-
ument No. 74, Fortieth Congress, second ses-
sion, House of Representatives, which was
referred by the House on the 7th, and deliv-
ered to the committee, printed, on the IGth
Januarv, 1868. It is a report from Brevet Colo-
nel S. R. Hamill, assistant quartermaster, who,
as General Ulysses S. Grant says in his accom-
panying letter, "has had charge of the subject
of the indebtedness to the United States of
some of the railroad companies in the south-
ern States." This report is to Major General
G. H. Thomas, dated 30th September, 1867,
but showing the indebtedness of railroads on
31st October, 1807, and corresponding with tab-
ular statement already in this report. It is in
due course transmitted, with letters from Gen-
eral Thomas, D. IL Rucker, acting quarter-
master general, brevet major general United
Stales Army, and from General Ulysses S.
Giant. •
As to the Nashville and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company, the statementsalready made are
strengthened. After a minute detail of facts
as to the demands on the road for payments on
its bond, its ability to pay, its broken prom-
ises, its extensions, on pages 4, 5, G, and 7, the
Report says on page 7 :
"The management of this road have manifested the
most contemptible bad faith in every action regard-
ing the indebtedness, outraging every principle of
integrity." "The duplicity and unscrupulous mean-
ness of the management of this road has iorfeited
every claim the company could ever have upon the
Governmentfor liberality and leniency. It is only by
a continual checking of their apparently instinctive
tendency to rascality that the interests of tho Gov-
ernment can be protected. As they took the lead in
treason so they have always taken the lead in every
scheme which wuuld inteifere with the just claims
of the Government. So iar from manifesting any
gratitude for tho leniency of the Government, they
have u-ed thattorbearanee to assist them in swind-
ling it."
As to the Nashville and Northwestern road
the Report says, on page 8, after a statement
of facts already disclosed in this report:
"The remarks made regarding themanagement of
the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad apply as
well to the Nashville and Northwestern, the man-
agement being the same."
Of the Nashville and Decatur road it says
on page 11:
"The management has been economical and judi-
cious. Thecompany have at. all times acted in entire
good faith with the Government, as with all its cred-
itors."
And on page 12:
"In one thing only have tho Nashville and Deca-
tur Railroad Company manifested any ot the antag-
onism to the Government common to so many of the
indebted roads. Following the inducements of the
Nashville and Chattanooga, and similar cases, they
are about to assert a claim for use, occupation, and
damage of $62.5,000. The cost to the Government of
constructing and repairing this road amounted to
$1,658,642 04. The setting up of this claim will not
be matter of astonishment when it is considered that
tho management of tho Nashville and Chattanooga,
East Tennessee and Georgia, East Tennessee and
Virginia, and Memphis and Charleston railroads
have labored most industriously to organize a pow-
erful combination against the Government, and have
not been modest in asserting their power to control
congressional action. They have repeatedly stated
that piominent members of Congress and other
public men are pledged to them."
Of the East Tennessee and Georgia road it
says, on pages 18 and 10:
"During the time the collection was delayed the
company commenced assertingaclaim for occupancy,
use, and damage."
In the assertion of their claim "they rely
upon the success of other companies as a pre-
cedent, the loyalty of East Tennessee, and a
certificate said to be in their possession given
them by Major General Ambrose E. Burnside."
Of the East Tennessee and Virginia road,
the opinions already expressed in this report
are more than sustained. It says on pages 17
and 18:
" The East Tennessee and Virginia railroad was
captured by the United States forces, under General
Burnside, in September, 1863. It is claimed by Mr.
lh-anner. in behalf of the company, that they held
their lolling stock on the line of their road for Gen-
eral Burnside's use. Tho truth is thatoutof eighteen
or nineteen engines all but three were taken inside
the rebel lines, and two of these were on their
way when captured, the other being comparatively
worthless.
"Out of about ninety cars, five fiat and two box
ears only were left, the latter not being on trucks.
"All the stock was removed within the rebel lines,
voluntarily, by the management of the road, several
days after tho evacuation of Knoxville by the rebels.
"Mr. Branner and the management of the East
Tennessee and Virginia railroad were not only dis-
loyal but enthusiastically so during the time the re-
bellion was initiated and was in the ascendent in Ten-
nessee, even after the line of their road was captured
by the Union forces.
"Any manifestation of affection for the Union
cause while in our lines must be considered as merely
pocket-book loyalty, and attributed to the same
grasping spirit that actuated others who t<3ted our
oflicors and gave unmistakable (?) evidence of their
patriotism, while they were investing their means
and using tho information they obtained within our
lines to lill their coffors by blockade-running.
" Since the close of the war. there being no further
pecuniaiy incentive to treasonable action, they have
been patriots, indeed, and boast how they risked life
and property in the cause of thcircountry.
"Not content with the restoration of their prop-
erty, and the munificence of the Government in ex-
tending to them pecuniary aid, they have played
the same game in pence that was so profitableinwar.
and have used the very leniency of the Government
to defeat its just claims.
" The East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad Com-
pany are abundantly able to pay, under the extended
terms granted them, and could have commenced
payments long since without inteifering with the
practical operation of the road, had they been re-
quired to do so, instead of appropriating their earn-
ings to tho payment of other claims, or instead of
refusing to avail themselves of the aid they received
from the State. A large amount of the bonds in-
dorsed by the State, instead of being used for the
benefit of the ioad, are, I am reliably informed, held
as capital in a bank owned by certain of the man-
agement."
"Mr. Rranncr (president of the road) at first de-
clined to conier with mo regarding the indebtedness,
saying that he could do better by going to the au-
thorities at Washington; that lie had been informed
by persons connected with the "War Department that
the matter would be permitted to rest, if I 'was not
continually stirringitup.' When I insisted upon his
making ail communications through my office and
called his attention to the positive order of the major
general commanding, he becameexcited, and replied
that he did not caie for General Thomas or the mili-
tary ; that the President was a friend of his, and he
did not, intend to be soared into any arrangement. I
assured him that,while I had no intention of attempt-
ing to .'•care him or any one el^e. I should enforce
some arrangement for payment if I could not secure
one amicably, lie replied that he should like to see
mo doing so—civil law was now supreme, and Ishould
find myself inearcuatod in the i ounty jail if I at-
tempted to place a leeeiver upon his road."
These extracts from the very able report of
Assistant Quartermaster Hainill are sufficient
for the purposes of this report; but the com-
mittee recommend it as most deserving of con-
sideration.
The committee Invite attention to the letter
of Major General George II. Thomas, accom-
panying that report, as follows :
Headquarters Department Cumberland.
Louisville, Kentucky, Sovcmher 23,1867.
Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant General of
the Army.
The attention of the honorable Secretary of War
ad interim is respectfully invited to this report as
giving a complete, statement of tho indebtedness of
the southern railroads to the United States at this
time, and ot the eftorts of some of these corporations
to evade or defer payments. ^ -
As, under recent instructions fromthe War Depart-
ment, the charge of the collection of these debts is to
be transfer! ed to theQuartermasterGeneral[ at Wash-
ington, relieving me trom furtherreponsibility,I.can
only recommend that the Government hold theso
