1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3685
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Cragin, Fessen-
den, Fowler. Harlan, McDonald, Moriran, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Willey, Williams,
and Yates—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Colo, Oorbett, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Grimes, Henderson. Johnson, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norton, Bice, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Tiiyyer, Wade, Welch, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patter-
sox,] from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YATES. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after line four hundred and eighty-
nine:
That the Secretary of the Interior in his discretion
is authorized to expend the appropriation heretofore
made for the purpose of erecting a penitentiary for
the Territory of Colorado on the site belonging to
and owned and provided for the purpose by said
Territory.
I am directed by the Committee on Territo-
ries to report this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has it been referred to
the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. YATES. It does not make any appro-
priation. I will state that an appropriation
of $40,000 was made to build a penitentiary in
Colorado Territory, and the site was to be
fixed under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior. The difficulty which I wish to
obviate is this: the title to a grant on which it
is to be built is in the Territory, and the Sec-
retary of the Interior does not wish to expend
the money without some instructions, inasmuch
as the title to the ground is in the Territory.
I presume there is no objection whatever to
the amendment. It does not propose to make
any new appropriation whatever, but simply
that the Secretary of the Interior may, in his
discretion, apply the money already appropri-
ated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This would be
an authority to the Secretary of the Interior to
erect a prison on a different tract of land from
that authorized by a previous appropriation?
Mr. HARLAN. I understand the difficulty
which the Senator from Illinois seeks to obviate
to be this : now by a general law no head of a
Department can expend money in the erec-
tion of public buildings until the title^ shall
have been shown to be clear and in the United
States j but in making the conveyance of the
site for the penitentiary the conveyance was
made to the Territory of Colorado ? So the
Senator from Maine will see that there is a
technical difficulty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This, then, is to
authorize him to erect the building for which
the appropriation was made, upon a different
tract of land.
Mr. HARLAN. No, it is the same tract of
land as I understand, but the land was con-
veyed to the Territory instead of being conveyed
to the United States of America.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And the former
appropriation only authorized it to be erected
on land belonging to the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. That is a general provision
of law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And this pro-
poses to authorize him to expend this money
on land belonging to the Territory?
Mr. YATES. The Territorial Legislature
fixed the site.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The object of
my inquiry "was to learn whether it was an item
of appropriation, or simply a direction of an
apuiopriation already made.
Mr. CRACTN. I will state that at the last
session of Congress the Committee on Terri-
tories reported a bill authorizing the Territo-
ries to erect penitentiaries at an expense not
exceeding $-40,000, to hp taken out of the
interna! revenue taxes raised in the Territory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When wastbatactpassod?
Mr! CRAGIN. At the last session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. I reported it from
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
New Hampshire to refer to the statute.
Mr. CRAGlN. Here is the book, [handing
it to Mr. Edmcxds.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. The act of22d January,
18G7, I see, appropriates of the revenues of
that Territory that amount of money for that
purpose. That being so, I do not see that
there is any objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer this amendment as
a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Interior shall be entitled to receive a
sum equal to the difference between his salary as
such andthat of theSecretary of the Interior forand
during the period he has heretofore acted purguan t
to law as such Secretary during the absence from the
seat of Government or illness of such Secretary, and
such sum is hcieby appropriated out of any money
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
inquire of the Senator who offers this amend-
ment whether he understands that to be usu.il;
whether there is any precedent for it; whether
it is customary for the subordinates, when per-
forming the duties of the bead of the Depart-
ment in such cases of sickness or absence, to
receive the higher compensation.
Mr. HARLAN. Si milar provision was made
for the Assistant Secretary of another Depart-
ment during this session, and it has been made,
I think, frequently heretofore.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is this amend-
ment moved by a committee?
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has it been referred to
the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; notice
was sent to us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does notice do under
the rule?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the rule to require that it should be referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Presented in the Senate
and referred to the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that was done.
Mr. HARLAN. It was presented and re-
ferred yesterday to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
allowing Mr. Otto the pay of Secretary of the
Interior during the time liis chief has been
employed as Attorney General. There is jus-
tice in that; hut to ailopt the general prin-
ciple stated in the amendment would lead to
innumerable claims. For instance, the Sec-
retary of State has been occasionally absent
at Auburn for a few days at a time. Is the
Assistant Secretary to receive his pay during
his temporary absence? In a case where an
Assistant Secretary really does the business
of the office and discharges its responsibilities,
his chief being employed in the discharge of
the duties of another department, I would not
object to paying him the higher salary during
that time, and the Government would lose
nothing by that arrangement. I should be
willing to give Mr. Otto the difference in pay
during the time his chief has been acting as
Attorney General.
Mr, FESSENDEN. How is it when the
head of a Department is absent for several
weeks because of sickness?
Mr. SHERMAN. The difference in pay
has never been given so far as I know, and I
do not think it ought to be done.
Mr. HOWE. You have, I guess, at least
as many as half a dozen statutes on the book
declaring that such payments as this shall not
be made. If Congress is willing to pay an
Assistant Secretary for acting in the place of
the principal, it onght to be a general rule. If
you put this provision in here, you will have a
separate bill in every case where the head of
a Department is absent for a short time and
his assistant performs bis duty. That is unne-
cessary legislation, even if it is just.
Mr. FOWLjER.. I want to know if the mean-
ing of this is that the Assistant Secretary of
the Interior shall have the same pay as the
Secretary. When he is serving as Secretary I
should like to know who is discharging his,
duties as Assistant Secretary! I thought he
was placed there for the purpose of discharg-
ing the duties of the Secretary when the Sec-
retary should be absent.
Mr. HARLAN. At this session we passed
a bill on an amendment to some law giving the
heirs of a chief clerk in the State Department
the pay of Secretary of State during the period
he served as Secretary of State. Such bills
have been passed here repeatedly giving an
Assistant Secretary the pay of Secretary dur-
ing the time lie acted as such on account of
absence from the city or on account of sick-
ness of the Secretary. I do not want to press
this if it is not a proper thing to be done;
and if those who are conversant with the cus-
tom of the Government in relation to such
questions will say that it has not been done
repeatedly in relation to other Departments I
shall withdraw the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the case of
Mr. Dickins was an old matter, and for pecu-
liar reasons. It arose before there were laws
on the subject. There are now statutes on the
subject, and that case cannot properly be cited
as a precedent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Iowa
can see the distinction I make. The United
States appropriate monej', $8,000 a year for
the pay of the Attorney General, and $8,000
for a Secretary of the Interior. While the
Secretary is performing the duties of Attorney
General according to law by assignment, im-
portant responsibilities are necessarily thrown
upon his assistant, aud I am willing to pay him
for that time, because then the United States
lose nothing; they pay only two officers of the
higher grade, whereas if you extended therule
further and allowed for a temporary absence,
as a matter of course the United States would
be paying two officers for performing the same
work, and that principle is forbidden by law.
There is an express provision in a general law
which declares that no officer shall receive the
pay of his chief when there is no vacancy in
the office, because as a matter of course that
would involve two salaries for the same office.
I do not know of any case where that has
been granted.
Mr. HARLAN. I will acccpt the modifi-
cation of the amendment suggested by the
Senator fiom Ohio, to make it read that he
shall receive the difference in pay between
that of Assistant Secretary aud Secretary
during the rime the Secretary has acted or may
act as Attorney General.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
put on an appropriation bill, because if that is
a true principle it ought to be applied to the
other Departments, where the thing is happen-
ing constantly, and therefore it ought not to be
put on this bill. In the next place, I doubt
greatly the propriety of it at all. The fact is
that when an Assistant Secretary performs the
duties of Secretary he does not do any more
work than he did perform, and he has the honor
of being acting Secretary of the Interior, or
of State, or whatever it may be. I am not
speaking of this particular gentleman ; I have
no doubt he is as solid as anybody is; from
what I know of him I have no doubt he is;
but I speak of all of them. They do not wear
themselves out any more than they did before;
they get the pay they had before, and some
clerk performs the duties they did before; and
there is no need of paying them extra.
Mr. IIARLAN. Judging from the expres-
sions that have been made here, there is no
use in urgingthe amendment, and I withdraw it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I offer
this amendment, to be inserted after line two
hundred and twenty-five, on page 10:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to enlarge
the lot in the city of Nashville for the erection of a
custom-house, $25,000.
It is proper for me to state that in offering
