254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18
&
thing, and there will be much suffering among
them. It' that is the case—and I have no doubt
it is—why tax to death, by the imposition of
twenty-five per cent., an agricultural interest
upon which they must rely.
Sir, do not let us suffer our feelings and our
prejudices against the rebels of the South
interfere with the general interests of the coun-
try and cause us to do a great and material
wrong. If they should again rebel hereafter
I suppose the country will whip them again;
for it ought to be done, and it will be done. 1
apprehend that the people of the West will
force their way to the Gulf, and the people of
the East will force their way to Richmond.
Whenever the South shall seek to inaugurate
a rebellion again that rebellion will be sup-
pressed. But let us not injure ourselves in any
vain idea that we are punishing the rebels
additionally. Not by any means; we are in-
juring ourselves; we are injuring the general
material interests of the country; we are doing
nobody any good. By keeping the tax on we
are violating the received notions of all civil-
ized nations, all of which refuse to tax agri-
cultural products; we are, in my judgment,
violating the very first principles of the Con-
stititution imposing an export tax; and in the
next place we are hampering and crippling
the great industrial pursuits of the country, of
which this is one of the most important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from Mis-
souri seemed to appeal principally to me in his
argument with reference to the constitutionality
of this tax. I suppose it was on accoun t of the
remark I made the other day, that although it
had been stated to be unconstitutional I did
not suppose anybody relied seriously upon that
argument. That was the idea I conveyed,
though not in those words. It seems that my
friend at a previous session made a very long
and labored argument to prove the tax uncon-
stitutional. I certainly did not intend to treat
that argument with any disrespect; I have too
much regard for my friend to treat anything
that he says with disrespect. But although I 1
listened to the argument at the time he made
it, it failed to produce a very serious impres-
sion on my mind. It struck me as very inge-
nious—a careful criticism upon words in the
Constitution and definitions in the dictionary,
and to avoid the real ground upon which those
provisions were put in the Constitution, and in
reality to have—I say it with all respect—no
very great weight.
Now, sir, my view with regard to that ques-
tion is a very simple one. The Constitution
provides that no tax shall be imposed upon
articles exported from any State. What was
the intention of that ? Simply this, in my appre-
hension, nothing more: that no single State
should be picked out by Congress and prohib-
ited from exporting articles. You shall not
distinguish against any one State in the matter of
exports by levying export duties/' Any other
construction would lead, in my judgment, to
infinite absurdity. We can in effect tax noth-
ing if the argument of the Senator is correct;
and he is forced into the absurdity of saying
that that principle not only applies to the prod-
ucts of a particular State in its simple condi-
tion, but applies to it even where it has gone
into the shape of a manufacture; and you must
necessarily, therefore, hunt up the elements
entering into every article manufactured to find
what is exported, or might be exported, from
any particular State, and give a drawback upon
it from the mere fact that some State or half
a dozen States exported the raw article! Is
it possible that that was the meaning of the
framers of the Constitution? I never looked
any further for an exposition of all that was
meant by it than simply to see that it plainly
meant that Congress shall not discriminate
against any one State in reference to exports,
but everything shall be open and free. It was
put in undoubtedly for the benefit of the South
for fear something of that sort might be done;
but it is not necessary to inquire particularly
what the origin of it was. i
I do not think, either, that there is anything
more in the idea that this is a direct tax. I
have understood that there was nothing in fact
that was a direct tax except a tax on land
directly and a capitaticm tax. There may be
something else, but I do not know of anything
else that may be called a direct tax. That has
been my understanding. Why, sir, does it go
so far as to hold that every tax levied on the
product of the land is a direct tax? That seems
to be the argument of the Senator. Then you
should follow it through all our manufactures.'
Whatareartitlesmanufactured made of? Some-
thing that comes out of the soil, and according
to the argument of the Senator every excise
that we lay upon every article manufactured
throughout the United States is a direct tax
because originally it in some way came out of
the soil. The argument, in my judgment, leads,
as I said before, to infinite confusion and infi-
nite absurdity. Carried out to that extent, it
takes away substantially from the Govern-
ment all power of taxation whatever, or if it
does not take it all away it leads to such infi-
nite varieties of confusion that nothing could
even be definitely fixed and no corps of men
who could be found in this country would ever
be able to distinguish what was taxable and
what was not. These would be the results; and
these simple statements are my answer to all
that the Senator has chosen to say upon that
subject.
N ow, sir, I will repeat what I said before—
it has been commented on by several gentle-
men—with reference to the taxation of an
agricultural product. I remarked that I saw
no more difficulty about taxing an agricultural
product than any other if it was from it3 nature
and circumstances a fit subject for taxation.
What are we met by? We are met by quota-
tions from Adam Smith and divers and sundry
gentlemen who have written on the subject of
taxation, who say that it is against good policy
to tax a product of agriculture directly. They
were English writers mostly, and so far as their
argument went in support of their principle
they established it; but can we argue with
reference to a question of this sort from the
policy adopted by England at that time and
followed up since? They raised no more than
they wanted to use or to manufacture at any
time; the area of the kingdom is small; they
need nearly all they can raise in the way of food,
and what they cannot eat they need in order to
encourage their manufactures. There is no
article of agricultural production in England
that could properly bear taxation, and there-
fore their idea is to encourage it in every way
they can. That is all right so far as they are
concerned; but we are not bound by the same
necessities. We never had any tithes here,
and there is no danger of our having them,
and the Senator merely plays upon words when
he calls this a tithe inflicted either in form or
in substance in any way. What is it? We find
a production in this country such as exists in
none other that lays taxes—a production of a
peculiar character, a product of the soil, raised
how? Merely for the support of the individual?
Merely for the purpose of manufacture at home?
No, sir; but for the purpose of manufacture
abroad, the greater proportion of it, four fifths
of it perhaps ; I cannot tell the exact propor-
tion. I have no head for statistics, and can
never remember figures ; but a very large pro-
portion of it is undoubtedly raised for manu-
facture abroad. The point is whether we can
raise a revenue out of it for our own advantage
and not injure the thing itself? There are many
questions relating to political economy that
are involved in that. Will it bear the tax ?
Can we raise enough for our own manufac-
ture, and can we raise enough to supply other
countries as far as it is needful that we should
get a good price for it, and at the same time
make that very article, and through that article
make foreign countries contribute something
toward bearing the burdens that we are obliged
to bear at the present time?
If we have such an articlej why not avail
ourselves of it? Gentlemen reply, "You do
not tax corn." No, but we tax what is made
of corn. Why not carry out your argument,
and say, ''You are afflicting an agricultural
interest because you tax whisky; it is laying
a burden upon the agriculturist; he raises
corn ; he raises it to sell ; he raises it to be
manufactured; and you are putting a heavy
burden upon whisky; that is made out of
corn, and you are thereby taxing a product of
the soil; you are laying a direct tax." Toreach
that conclusion is only to follow out the argu-
ment a step further.
Sir, we should not be governed by words,
nor should we be governed by principles laid
down at one time in one country that do not
apply to this time and to our country. That
is no part of statesmanship. I take it that
statesmanship, like all other things, is some-
what progressive, and must be governed by
the necessities of the day and the necessities
of the occasion as well as of the day, and that
we are not to adhere to a principle laid down
some time ago by somebody else in reference
to a very different state of things, when our
necessities under different circumstances and
with regard to a different article call for dif-
ferent action ; and all the arguments, there-
fore, that are drawn from such a source, made
under circumstances not applicable to us, and
under which we do not come, do not strike
my mind with that force that I confess myself
obliged to bow down to the authority of a book.
That is my answer to the question about
taxing a product of agriculture. I stated
before, and I say again that with regard to cot-
ton, as with regard to tobacco—which I believe
could be better taxed to-day in its natural state
than after it has been manufactured, if we want
to get out of it what we should—with regard
to both these articles we have a right to levy a
tax; and it is no answer to say that they come
out uf the ground. So does everything we tax
come out of the ground originally; and what is
the difference in principle, I ask again, whether
you tax it in its primary condition or after it
has been put in anotker shape? Follow the
Senator's argument out and it leads to an
abandonment of all taxation substantially.
I agree just as little with thi3 constant repe-
tition of the charge that we are imposing a
twenty-five per cent. tax. Sir, that is not the
intention. There is no Senator here who does
not understand readily how that matter stands.
At the time we first levied the tax it was not
twenty-five per cent. At a subsequent period
it was not that. Carry it back for three or
four years and the same amount would not be
anywhere near that. It was hardly one or two
percent., as the price of cotton was at that
particular period. It varies from time to time
according to circumstances. I am not in favor
of putting on, and I would not to-day put on, a
tax of two and a half cents a pound on cotton
at its present price. I would not think of it.
But who knows that next year it may not com-
mand much more? Who knows that the suc-
ceeding year it may be more still? Who knows
that the following it may not fall still lower
than it is now? Clearly, as has been said
repeatedly here, the present price of cotton is
not owing to the tax put upon it. That de-
pends entirely upon other causes, is occasioned
by other things. We are told that we should
take off the tax because it is enormously high.
That is not an argument for taking it off
altogether. The price of cotton may be much
higher next year. What I maintain is that
you sustain the principle.
But, sir, we have got now what really the Sen-
ator from Missouri is aiming at and what tlis
Senator from Illinois was aiming at, and I am
astonished to hear them say it. We are deter-
mined, say these gentlemen, that this tax shall
come off. Why? On account of the suffer-
ing at the South? No. On account of the
principle of the thing? My friend from Mis-
souri says that he is opposed to it on principle,
and I believe him; I believe always every
word he says, for he ia a sincere man, and
