138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February S,
Ho. op Tini's.
Reconstruction—Mr. Stevens.
40th Cong- 2d Sess.
railroads to their contracts—that they be compelled
to liquidate their indebtedness upon the terms now
granted, without consideration or recognition m the
least degree of any claims lor damages or use by
oecnpation of the United States, such claims being
believed to be without foundation in justice or right.
A persistent and combined effort on the part of
these corporations to compel the recognition of these
claims has as persistently been ignored and repudi-
ated by me, until the efforts, from want of success,
have gradually been relaxed. It is believed that
now, under the prospective change of affairs, these
claims will again be urged and pressed for recogni-
tion: hence this earnest recommendation.
GEOKGE II. THOMAS,.
Major General United States Army, Commundina.
He recommends "that the Government hold
these railroads to their contracts."
Attention is also invited to the accompany-
ing letter of Acting Quartermaster General I).
H. Ruckor, as follows:
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington, J). (J., Dfoamber 21,1867.
Sir: I have thohonor to ret urn herewith the report
of Brevet Colonel S. 11. llanull, assistant quarter-
master, relative to the indebtedness of southern rail-
roads for railroad property purchased of the United
States.
This report has been carefully examined. I fully
concur in the indorsement of Major General George
31. Thomas, namely: "As, under rcccnt instructions
from the War Department, the charge of the collec-
tion of these debts is to be transferred to the Quarter-
master General at Washington, relieving me from
further responsibility, lean only recommend that the
Government hold these railroads to their contracts,
that they be compelled to liquidate their indebted-
ness upon the terms now granted, without consider-
ation or recognition in the least degree of any claims
for damages or use by occupation of the United
States, such claims being believed to bo without
foundation in justice or right.
"A persistent and combined effort on the part of
these corporations to compel the recognition of these
claims has as persistently been ignored and repudi-
ated by me, until the efforts for want of success have
gradually been relaxed. Xtis believed that now, un-
der the prospectivechange of affairs, these claims will
again be urged and pressed for recognition, hence this
earnest recommendation."
Under orders of the 1st ultimo, from the War De-
partment, further measures with a view to collection
of these debts were suspended, pending an examina-
tion of a committee of the House of ltcpresentatives.
In the opinion of the acting Quartermaster General,
the information contained in this report and accom-
panying papers would be most valuable to the select
Committee of the House of Representative.^ on South-
ern Railroads; it is therefore most respectfully sug-
gested that they be furnished for that purpose. In
view of such action, copies of all the papcis have
been rotained in this office.
Very respectlully, your obedient servant,
D. H. liUCKER,
Actiuq Quartet master General,
Brevet M<tjor General United States Army.
He says: "I fully concur in the indorse-
ment of Major General George H. Thomas."
proper course to be taken.
Thus the committee are brought to u report
what in their opinion would be the proper
course to be taken by the Government in re-
gard to such railroads or railroad companies."
That opinion is embodied in the following
resolutions, the passage of which they most
earnestly desire:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be.
and they are hereby, instructed to report to this
House without delay a bill or joint resolution
declaring in substance that no claim shall be enter-
tained by any officer or department of the Govern-
ment in favor of any railroad or railroad company
in any of the late rebel States, or in iavor of any
such State, for the use of any such road, or rolling
stock, or other property, by the Government, or for
any damage inflicted by the United Slates military
forces on such railroads, rolling stock, or other lail-
road property, or for the transportation of troops,
Government property, or passensers or malls, lor any
portion of time during the late rebellion, or prior to
the date of the restoration or return of any road to
the original owners after the cessation of hostilities.
Ur^olved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be,
and they arc hereby, instructed to report to this
{louse without delay a bill or joint resolution requir-
ing a strict accountability from all railroads in the
Sure rebel States; that they may "be compelled to
liquidate their indebtedness upon the terms now
manted without consideration or recognition in the
least degree of any claims for damages by or use by
occupation oftheUnited States;" to the end that pay-
ments sdiall be enforced according to existing bonds,
or in default thereof that the Governmcntshall exer-
cise her legal right to possession and disposal.
J. W. McCLURG,
ULYSSES MERCUR,
H. D. WASHBURN,
PHiLETUS SAWYER.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OP HON. AARON P. STEVENS,
of new hampshire,
In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1868.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the President's annual
message,
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire, said:
Mr. Chairman: In rising to address the com-
mittee upon some of the questions now before
the country I disclaim all expectation of ad-
vancing ideas or propositions not common to
the extended debate which has taken place
upon these subjects in the progress of their
discussion. The questions arising out of the
public measures now before Congress have
been discussed in all their length and breadth
and presented in every light in which logic
can enforce or rhetoric embellish them. But
in so interesting a crisis of our legislative his-
tory I have thought it my duty, sir, to seize
the opportunity of the hour and place before
the committee and before my constituents,
briefly and imperfectly perhaps, my views upon
these questions. And 1 desire to say, sir, that
I come to the consideration of them now with
a conviction that we should meet them as prac-
tical men, that we should discuss them as ques-
tions of inexorable necessity, as questions which,
like the war, have been thrust upon us by the
enemies of the Government, and which are now
resisted in like spirit as our arms were resisted
by those enemies during the dark hours of the
rebellion. I assert hcie, sir, without fear of
just contradiction, that the Republican party
of the country, represented by a majority of
this Congress, is not responsible this-day for
the disturbed and destitute condition of the
rebel States or the burdens that in conse-
quence of war now rest with such appalling
weight on the American people. To the peo-
ple of the rebel States and tlieir allies at the
North, who invited and encouraged the rebel-
lion, are wc indebted for those burdens, for
that destitution, and for the thousand perils
and misfortunes that still environ us. And,
sir, it is a mortifying and humiliating fact that
history will record these attempts to defeat the
restoration of the rebel States, on principles
drawn from the Declaration of Independence,
as the renewal and continuation of the pro-
slavery rebellion which lour years of war and
desolation could not quench or eradicate.
Mr. Chairman, no government can be respect-
able or respected unless it possesses and exer-
cises sufficient power to crush out and place
underfoot its enemies. It may, indeed, prop-
erly be generous and magnanimous to its ene-
mies, but it must first assert and maintain its
power to subdue and punish them. The imbe-
cile and halting Administration of James Bu-
chanan, representing for the time being the
Government, was the scorn of its enemies and
the shame of its friends and supporters; while
the irresistible power of the nation, under the
Administration of Abraham Lincoln, was its
strength, its glory, and its salvation. And it is
the duty of this Government now, sir, to main-
tain its supremacy over its enemies not only
by the power of its arms but by every mode of
legislation authorized or not prohibited by its
fundamental law. To yield to a false sense of
philanthropy, however specious or seductive,
and thereby entail the spirit of rebellion upon its
future career, would indeed be a blunder worse
than a crime. It is, therefore, a necessity im-
posed upon Congress to so deal with these rebel-
lious States that there shall be no possible
recurrence of the rebellion in all time to come ;
and, let me add, this can only be effected by
giving full development and power to that loyal
element of the South which resisted the rebel-
lion, disclaimed its theories and its acts, and
which is now entitled to claim its full rights
under the Constitution as it stands changed by
the fortunes of war and the acts of the civil
power. It is the object and purpose of the
Republican party to do this in its broadest and
most liberal sense. We propose to attain this
purpose by acts of reconstruction in such form
and of such legislative power as will meet and
subdue all opposition from whatever source it
may come, and erect these stricken communities
once more into States in form republican and
in truth free.
I am convinced, sir, that nothing can aid our
policy or justify our course more powerfully
than a review of our history.
The events of the last seven years have taught
the world the character of the American peo-
ple and the power of the American Govern-
ment. Within that period we have trod the
terrible paths of civil war, with divided senti-
ment it is true, on the cause and merits of the
great controversy, but with a spirit and success
which proclaim to the civilized world the
resources of our Government, the irresistible
power of our arms, and the great truth that it
can be only overthrown by the annihilation of
its citizens.
It will be acknowledged by all that the period
immediately preceding the breaking out of the
rebellion was marked by a wide division of
sentiment in the country, upon which parties
had been organized and campaigns had. been
fought. On the one hand was a party which
had declared that slavery was the corner-stone
of a free government. They proclaimed that
it rested upon divine authority, and demanded
its extension and protection as the price of
national existence. It gathered to its support
the most formidable elements of political power
and the bitterest energies of avarice and lust;
it sapped the foundations of public virtue by in-
sidiousyetpowerful and successful approaches ;
it gathered at last within its terrible folds that
powerful organization known as the Demo-
cratic party, and monopolized and engrossed
its power to perfect measures for the perpetuity
and extension of the institution.
On the other band, there had grown up in
the country a party embodying the idea and
sentiment that slavey, not only abstractly but
practically considered, was a moral and politi-
cal evil, and that its encroachments and exten-
sion ought to be resisted by all the lawful com-
binations and power at the command of its
opponents. This feeling was profound enough
to take hold even of the religious sentiment of
the country, and it culminated at last in a
political organization which, in 1861, accom-
plished one of its main purposes in its acces-
sion to the control of the General Government.
In anticipation of this accession to power on
the part of the Republican party the slave-
holders of the South had declared their pur-
pose of seceding from the Government of the
United States and forming a confederacy whose
corner-stone should be the favorite institution.
To sucli an extent were they aided by the
Democratic party, then holding the adminis-
tration of the Government, that when Mr.
Lincoln assumed the office to which lie had
been elected he found a pretended government
in revolt against the authority of the United
States and preparing to seize the forts and
other public property of the Union. The rebel-
lion had begun, and it had gained great strength
and power duriug the last Democratic Admin-
istration. It had been almost incalculably
aided by the action of that Administration.
The then President of the United States, under
the advice ot that distinguished Democrat, his
Attorney General, had declared that there was
no power in the General Government, either
under the Constitution or upon the principle
of self-preservation, to ••coerce a State;" in
other words, to prevent or punish the rebellion
! of its citizens.
That great party whose boast it was that in
ji the former trials of the country and in two
I w ars it had maintained the integrity of the flag
II of the Union, now quailed before the advance
