1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
grossed bill was called for, and as it was not
engrossed the time it went to the Speaker s
table. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Trimble] moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I withdraw
the motion to reconsider.
The engrossed bill was then read the third
time.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I move the
previous question on the passage ot the bill.
Mr. RAUM. I would ask if the bill is still
open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon the pas-
sage of the bill; and upon a division there
were—ayes 72, noes 25.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes IB, noes 81; not one fifth
voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were—
fifteen in the affirmative; not one fifth of a
quorum.
So tellers were refused.
The yeas and nays were accordingly refused.
The bill was accordingly passed.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NtAGAlli suip-CAXAL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of' _War,
transmitting a communication from the chief of
engineers, with the report ot Colonel Blount,
of the Engineer corps, on the surveys for a
ship-canal to connect Lakes Erie and Ontario ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Niagara Ship-Canal, and ordered to be
printed.
IMPEACHMENT 01' THIS PRESIDENT.
Mr. BUTLEIl. I am instructed, with one
exception, by the board of managers on the
part of the House in the matter of impeach-
ment, to report an additional article; being
the same I had the honor to offer yesterday as
an amendment to the report of the committee
to report articles, and which failed for the want
of time for its consideration. I ask that the
article be read.
Mr. llOLMAN. I rise to a question^ of
order, or rather to a parliamentary_ inquiry.
How does this matter come before this House?
The SPEAKER. It is reported from the
board of managers in the matter of impeach-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. It purports to bo an amend-
ment to something which is not before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules, as lie has
ruled in all such cases, that this is a privileged
question. And the Chair will also refer to the
following paragraph of the original report
adopted by the House yesterday:
And the House of Kepresontatives, by protestation,
savins to themselves the liberty of exhibiting at any
time liereatter any further articles or other accusa-
tion or impeachment against the said Andrew-John-
son, President of the United States, and also of reply-
ins to his answers which he shall m:tkc unto the arti-
eleshercin preferred against him, and of offering proof
to the same and every part thereof, and to all and
eveiy other article, accusation, orimpeachmentwhich
shall be exhibited by thcin, as the case shall require,
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I rise to a point of order,
that the managers as such have no right to report
articles of impeachment. They were not ap-
pointed for any such purpose, but to present
to the Senate the articles adopted by the House.
1 understand this proposed additional article
of impeachment comes from the board of man-
agers, whose duty and office are entirely differ-
ent from that of the committee which was ap-
pointed to prepare and report articles of im-
peachment for the House to consider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on two grounds. In the first
place, the usage of the House has been, in all
cases of impeachment, that the replication
made by the person accused should be referred
to the managers, to which the managers pre-
pare a reply and submit it to the House before
it is sent to the Senate. This follows precisely
the language of the report adopted by the House
on yesterday, namely:
And the House of Representatives, by protesta-
tion, saving to themselves the liberty of exhibiting
at any time hereafter any further articles or other
accusation or impeachment against the said Andrew
Johnson, Pi evident of thcUnited State?, and also of
replying to his answers which he shall make unto
the articles herein preferred against him, and ot
offering proot to the same and every part thereof,
and to all and every other article, accusation, or im-
peachment which shall be exhibited by them, as the
case shall require.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the Chair does
not quite apprehend my point of order. It is
that this subject of preparing articles of im-
peachment in form for the House to act upon
was referred to a committee specially appointed
for that purpose. The board of managers were
appointed for another and an entirely differ-
ent purpose. But they assume to themselves
the light to report additional articles of im-
peachment. I think the managers have no
right to perform any such office j they were
appointed for another purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will conclude
his decision upon the point of order, which he
said he overruled on two grounds. The Chair
has already stated the first ground. The second
ground is this: that any member of the House
of Representatives, whether one of the hoard
of managers or not, can, as a question of priv-
ilege, propose additional articles of impeach-
ment. The Chair makes his ruling so broad
in order to cover the entire case. Such article
of impeachment may come with more formality
from the board of managers, or from a com-
mittee specially appointed for the purpose.
But the member from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge,] if he sees proper to do so, or any other
member, can propose articles of impeachment
against any officer of the Government.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I agree with the Chair
that the proposing of articles of impeachment
is a question of privilege, and that every mem-
ber has a right to present such articles to the
House j but I insist that this committee, ex-
ercising only such authority as has been given
to it by the House, has no right to present
articles of this kind in the name of the House,
acting as its committee and by its authority.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order, as he understands it: that is,
that this article cannot be presented to the
Senate unless it be agreed to by the House.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] as the Chair supposes, presents the article
for the purpose of having the sense of the House
upon it.
The article presented by Mr. Butler was
read, as follows:
AFvTICLE —.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of tlie high duties of bis
office and the dignity and proprieties thereof, and
of the harmony and courtesies which ought to exist
and be maintained between the executive andjegis-
lativc branches of the Government of the United
States, designing and intending: to set aside the right-
ful authority and powers of Congress, did attempt
to bring into disgrace, ridicule, hatred, contempt,
and reproach the Congress of the United States, and
the several branches thereof, to impair and destroy
the regard and respect ot all the good people of the
United States for the Congress and legislative power
thereof, (which all officers of the Government ought
inviolably to preserve and maintain,) and to excite
the odium and resentment of all the good people of
the United States against Congress and the laws by it
duly and constitutionally enacted; and in pursuance
of his said design and intent openly and publicly,
and before divers assemblages of the citizens of the
United States convened in divers parts thereof, to
meet and receive said Andrew Johnson as the Chief
Magistrate of the U oiled States, did, on the loth day
of August, in the year of our Lord 18W3, and on divers
other days and times, as well before as afterward,
make and deliver with a loud voice certain intem-
perate, inflammatory, and scandalous harangues,
and did therein utter loud threats and bitter menaces
as well again^ Congies-s as the laws of the United
States duly enacted thereby, amid the cries, jeers,
and laughter of the multitude.* then assembled and
in hearing, which ore set forth in the several specifi-
cations hereinafter written, in substance and cffect,
that is to say: .
Specification Fir*t. In this, that at Washington, in
the District of Columbia, in the Executive Mansion,
to a committee of citizens who called upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, speaking of and concern-
ing the Congress of the United States, said Andrew
Johnson, President of the United Statesh, eretofore,
to wit, on the 18th day of August, m the year of our
Lord 1866, did, in a loud voice, declare in substance
aud effect, among other things, that is tosay:
"So far as the executive department of the Gov-
ernment is concerncd, the effort has been made to
restore tho Union, to heal the breach, to pour oil
into the wounds which were consequent upon the
struggle, and (to speak in common phrase) to pre-
pare, as the learned and wh>e physician would, a
plaster healing in character and coextensive with
the wound. We thought, and wethink, that we had
partially succeeded; but as the work progressed,as
reconstruction seemed to be taking place, and the
country was becoming reunited, wo found a disturb-
ing and marring element opposing us. In alluding
to that element I shall go no further than your con-
vention and the distinguished gentleman who has
delivered to mo the report of its proceedings.^ I shall
make no reference to it that X do not believe the
time and the occasion justiiy.
" We have witnessed in one department ot the
Government every endeavor to prevent the restora-
tion of peace, harmony, and Union. We have seen
hanging upon the verge of the Government, as it
were, a body called, or which assumes to be, the Con-
gress of the United States, while m fact it is a Con-
gress of only a part of the States. We have seen this
Congress pretend to be for the Union, when its every
step and act tended to perpetuatedisunion and make
a disruption of the States inevitable." 555 * * *
" We have seen Congress gradually cncroach step by
step upon constitutional lights, and violate, day
after dav and month after month, fundamental prin-
ciples of the Government. We have seen a Congress
that seemed to forget that there was a limit to the
sphere and scope of legislation. We have seen a
Congress in a minority assume to exercise power
which, allowed to be consummated, would result in
despotism or monarchy itself."
Specification Second. In this, that at Cleveland, m
the State of Ohio, hcrctofoie, to wit, on the 3d day of
September, in the year of our Lord 1866, before a
public assemblage of citizens and others, said An-
drew Johnson,PresidentoftheUnitedStates, speak-
ing of and concerning the Congress of the United
States, did, in a loud voice, declare in substance and
effect, among other things, that is to say :
" I will tell you what I did do. I called upon your
Congress that is trying to break up the Government."
"In conclusion, besides that, Congress had taken
much pains to poison their constituents against him.
But what had Congress done? Have they done any-
thing to restore the union of these States ? No; on
the contrary, they had done everything to prevent it;
and because he stood now where he did when the
rebellion commenced he had been denounced as a
traitor. Who had run greater risks or made greater
sacrifice than himself? But Congress, factious and
domineering, had undertaken to poison the minds
of tho American people."
Specification Third. In this, that at St. Louis, in
the State of Missouri, heretofore, to wit, on the 8th
day of September, in the year of our Lord 1866, be-
fore a public assemblage of citizens and others, said
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
speaking of andconcermng the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, did, in a loud voice, declare in substance
and cfiect, among other things, that is to say;
44 Go on. Perhaps if you had a word or two on the
subject of New Oi leans. >ou might understand more
about it than you do. And it you will go back—if
you will go back and ascertain the cause of the riot
at Now Orleans, perhaps you will not be so prompt m
calling out4New Orleans? If you will take up the
riot at New Orleans and trace it back to its source or
its immediate cause, you will find out who was re-
sponsible for the blood that was shed there. If you
will take up the riot at New Orleans and trace it
back to the radical Congress, you will find that the
riot at jJsew Orleans, was substantially planned. If
you will take up the proceedings in their caucuses
you will understand that they thereknew that a con-
vention was to be called which was extinct by its
power having expired; that it was said that the in-
tention was that a new Governmentwas to be organ-
ized, and on the organization of that Government
the intention was to enfranchise one portion of the
population, called the colored population, who had
just been emancipated, and at the same time dis-
franchisewhite men. When you design to talk about
New Orleans you ought to understand what you are
talking about. When you read the speeches that
were made, and take up the facts on the Friday and
Saturday before that convention sat, you will there
ffnd that speeches were made incendiary in their
character, exciting that portion of the population,
the black population, to arm themselves and prepare
for the shedding of blood. You will^jUso find that
that convention did assemble in violation of law, and
the intention of that convention was to supersede
the reorganized authorities in the StateGovernment
of Louisiana, which had been recognized by the Gov-
