1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2603
My fear is this—and I confess that it is not to
my mind a light fear—I hope it will not hap-
pen—that when the State of Arkansas, which
-is, perhaps, a fair sample of all the others,
shall have been admitted to representation,
and shall have then put on the full robes of
statehood, as my friend from New York [Mr.
Conklixg] very happily expressed it the other
day, she will have then become entirely free
from the operation of ourmifitarj'government,
she will be no more the subject of military
control, of military surveillance or military
aid, than the State of Vermont orthe State of
Indiana is. Her only rightful aid in preserving
the new institutions which she has set up
against the opposition that we know exists
there from those who have been in rebellion
against the Government will be the aid and
support that she gets from the President of the
United States. We all know that. My friend
knows that. By the Constitution and the
existiuglaws the State of Arkansas will have no
anchor to tie to and no rock to lean upon but
that of Andrew Johnson, the President of the
United States, the moment she ceases to be in
the condition she now is and becomes a State
of the Union.
It is therefore worth a little while to inquire
what is the position of the President of the
UnitdS States os it respects this State govern-
ment that we are about to set up in Arkansas.
How does he feel toward it? What are his
views of its legality? Sir, we are not left in
the dark about that. We know that in his
opinion the whole scheme of restoration, as it
exists in the laws of Congress, is totally and
grossly unconstitutional; and we know that it
is the opinion of many Senators on this floor
that if he believes that he may set those laws
at defiance with impunity; that there is no
power in the land to punish him for it; that
there is 110 power in the land to hold him to
the execution of them, so long as acting in
good faith, ho believes he is doing his duty by
undertaking to overturn them !
Now, therefore, when the government of
Arkansas under this bill is set up, and the bill
is passed over the veto of the President of the
United States—if he should still be of the
opinion that he lias been, that all this is uncon-
stitutional. and should act upon that opinion
—what will be the condition of affairs? He
will be bound to believe that this government
thus set up is a usurped government, and that
the true government of Arkansas is the one
he instituted in 1S65, and that the true voters
of Arkansas are the white men and rebels, and
nobody else. If he has that belief as an officer
of the Government, what will he believe it to
he his duty to do? Ilis friends must answer
for him ; 1 cannot. I only mean to say that I
have great fear in trusting to the President of
the United States, and I am not now impeach-
ing his motives in the least degree ; I am only
alluding to his opinions as they are represented
to us by himself—I have great fear in trusting
to the President of the United States to uphold
this new government of Arkansas against the
rebels that are in it and around it and of it.
Now then, to follow my friend's question a
little further, suppose it should happen that
there should boa domestic tumult in Arkansas,
or there should be such a pressure against the
organization of this new government, when
it is first organized, as to make it impossible
for it to go on without military aid, and the
new Governor should call upon the President
for that aid, what would the President say ?
If he is true to his history and true to his
opinions, as he has represented them to us, he
will say " Go away ; I know you not; you are
a usurper yourself; you do not represent any
State of Arkansas ; it is another man who is
the Governor of that State, and not you."
Suppose he fails to say that; suppose he only
yields to that Governor a slow, dilatory, re-
luctant support, such as he has yielded—if he
has yielded any—to the reconstruction meas-
ures that we have passed, where will the new
State government of Arkansas find itself then
do you suppose? I fear, Mr. President, that
it will find itself upside down. If it does
find itself upside down, and a new Legislature
comes in elected by what they call " the white
man's party of Arkansas," which is another
name for "the rebel party," before this article
becomes a part of the Constitution, and then
they reU-act, as Ohio and New Jersey have
done, where are you then? You have her
Representatives here, very good men I dare
say; but like Ohio and New Jersey, whose
Representatives you have, very good men here,
she has taken the back track.
I know it is said by good lawyers that a
State having once assented, cannot retrace
her steps. 1 doubt that, Mr. President. That
is one of the debatable questions which remain
to be decided, and if there is any value in
prophecy, I assume to prophesy that the
Supreme Court of the United States, as it is
now organized, will, as certainly as the day
comes, decide that they have a right to take
back their assent at any time before the assent
of three fourths of the States finally closes the
thing into the Constitution. My fear, there-
fore, is that the haste we are making in recon-
struction, in the way that we are now pro-
posing to make it, will be a haste that will
prove to be a haste backward ; and that is the
kind of haste I do not wish to make.
Not to be misunderstood, Mr. President, I
repeat that the developments of a few days
may satisfy me that this risk is worth taking;
but I ain not satisfied of it yet. 1 wish Sen-
ators to think of it seriously, to prognosti-
cate as far as they can the future, and before
they set up a State government in any of these
States, let them feel assured as far as they
well and safely can be, that that government
has either in itself the powerof self protection,
as perhaps some of these States have, or else
that they will receive it from the source from
which they are entitled to receive it, the Uni-
ted States. I do not know that either of these
propositions ih true now.
Therefore, Mr. President, what I desire to
do—I do not know that it will meet the ap-
proving opinion of a single other Senator—is
„to put the government of Arkansas as now
elected immediately into the hands of the per-
sons who were elected to administer it,, but to
put it into their hands under the same military
protection and aid that exists there now, so
that the hand of Congress and the law will
uphold that government as it has upheld order
there hitherto, to be administered by those
loyal men who are elected, and not by the
rebels who are appointed by the President,
until they shall have had time to gettliemselves
into practical working order ; until, as the ship-
builders say, they shall have made a trial trip ;
and in the mean time this constitutional amend-
ment being adopted by the Legislatures of the
other States, as to whom I would make^ the
same provision, will have become a part of the
Constitution of the United States, and then
we can admit their Senators and Representa-
tives to these Halls without any fear of the
consequences ; because then if a State govern-
ment is overthrown there will be the hard-pan
of the Constitution of the United States under
their feet, and you will touch bottom some-
where. These being my fears, and having
taken more time than I ought to have done, 1
make this motion, which expresses my opinion :
that the bill be recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary with instructions to report, the
same so amended os to provide for the imme-
diate inauguration of the officers elected under
the new constitution in Arkansas, and for the
immediate termination of the functions of all
persons now and heretofore exercising civil
duties in said State, and so as to provide for
the continuance of the present military gov-
ernment in aid of said officers until said State
shall be admitted to representation in Con-
gress, and to provide for the admission of said
State when the article proposed as article 'four-
| teen shall become a part of the Constitution
I of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. WILSON ad-
dressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts his purpose in
seeking the floor?
Mr. WILSON. My purpose was to follow
the example of some of my associates here, and
say a few words on the general question.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Senator. I thought he wished to make a motion
touching another matter, in which case I would
yield.
Mr. President, if any member of this body
should discuss such a question as the Senator
from "Vermont has been treating without some
examination and reflection, certainly I ought
not to do it. Nevertheless, in view of the
allegations we have heard from the Senator
from Vermont as to the lessons taught by the
legislative and judicial history of the country
concerning the pending proposition and the
grave question it involves, I venture without
meditation to express my dissent from his
understandingofthe precedents and authorities.
I deny that the history of the Government
in any of its branches warrants the assertion
that a condition sueh as is now before us im-
posed by Congress on a State is authorized
orbinding afterthe State assumes her statehood
in the Union. I venture to go further, and to
affirm that there is but one single instance in
the history of the country, and that a very
recent instance, in which the experiment has
been tried. The other day, when some allu-
sions were made to this subject, it was said that
there were several instances of this sort; two,
at all events, precisely in point and of recent
occurrence. It was suggested that the case
of Missouri, as the first case in time, furnished
an example, and shed light directly upon this
question. I pause a moment to comment first
upon the proviso in the act admitting Missouri.
I do not mean to repeat what was said so
clearly by the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, £Mr. Buckalew ;] but passing beyond
the point he stated, I wish to call attention to
the fact that no attempt was made there to do
any part of what is here proposed. There was
110 attempt to change the constitution of Mis-
souri. or to interfere with the people of Mis-
souri in any change they might in future propose.
No attempt was made to contract or dictate as
to any matter pertaining to the rights or powers
of Missouri. But falling short of all this, and
of a different character altogether, was a pro-
vision that a certain construction should not
be put upon a specified clause of the constitu-
tion, which construction was forbidden by the
Constitution of the United States.
Not having the language at hand, I state
that the resolution in the case of Missouri pro-
vided simply that a provision in the proposed
constitution should never be construed to mean,
nor should any law in pursuance of it be passed,
that any citizen of the United States should be
deprived of any immunity 01- right to which he
was entitled by the Constitution of the United
States. If the Senator from Wisconsin has it
under liis eye, I ask him whether I am not
right.
Mr. DOOLITTT/E. Substantially.
Mr. CONKLING. I will ask the loan of
the book one moment, if the Senator will
oblige me.
Let us observe that it was not a proposition
that Congress should obliterate one line or
letter of that constitution, nor that Congress
should change the constitution in any respect;
nor was it a proposal that the people of Mis-
souri, in their legislative capacity, or in their
primary capacity, sitting in convention, or in
any other way, should assent to a change of the
constitution which they proposed ; nor that
they should submit to any part of the constitu-
tion being made unchangeable, but it was that
a particular provision pointed out—
" Shall never be construed to authorize the passage
of any law, and that no law shall be passed in con-
