266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1&
fore, simply providing against present distress
in the South, but you are establishing a policy
that is to govern this country throughout the
future;
We were told last night by the Senator from
Illinois that we were discriminating against the
South because we were taxing an agricultural
production. Sir, these Senators are discrim-
inating against the North in favor of the South.
They are trying to establish a rule that will
release one part of this country from bearing
any considerable portion of the public burdens.
All that I ask is that every part of this country
shall bear its proper and legitimate portion of
those burdens. No, sir, the discrimination is
not against the South. It is not injustice, it
is not doing them wrong to ask that they shall
bear their reasonable and proper part of the
burdens of this Government in future.
When gentlemen say that the people of the
Northwest are unanimously in favor of the
repeal of this tax I for one protest against
that statement. I will undertake to answer for
at least a considerable portion of the people of
my State, that while they might be willing to
yield revenue because of present distress they
have no purpose of saying that the cotton States
shall not in future bear their part in maintain-
ing this Government and in paying its debts;
and that is the effect of this measure.
Appeals are made to our sympathy. We
are told these people will die; they will starve; j
there can be nothing raised in the future on
account of this tax. Sir, I heard something
like that last spring, almost the first day that I
came into this Chamber, when it was proposed
to vote several millions for the purpose of feed-
ing starving rebels in the South. I opposed :
that. It was finally modified in the other i
House, and it turns out that there was but j
very little of that suffering compared to what |
was represented here. Sir, I am not in a gush-
ing mood. I will do justice to them; I will
relieve them in their distress: but I am not
prepared now to take a step by which a por-
tion of this Union shall substantially be exon-
erated from bearing a part of the public bur-
dens; and, say what you will, disguise this
matter as you will, that is the effect of it; and
I tell you when the people come to understand
it they will denounce it as I do.
The question was asked yesterday by my
venerable friend from Kentucky why Senators
were not here from these ten States to repre-
sent the interest of cotton on this floor. I
wish for one moment to answer that question.
It is because nearly seven years ago, against
the tears and prayers of this nation, they went
out of these Halls and levied a war against
us that cost us near half a million of loyal
lives and near five thousand million dollars,
$2,500,000,000 of which remain to us as a
legacy. Sir, they went out as they pleased,
and I trnst they will now come back as it shall
please the loyal people of this nation. They
will come back upon such conditions, terms,
and safeguards as shall secure us against the
recurrence of a like calamity. They have no
right to walk back here the moment they are
vanquished and take their seats just as if noth-
ing had occurred. Such a principle ought to
be infamous, and no government could live
upon it. They went out and became crimi-
nals, and when they come back here they must
come back under such circumstances as shall
give us a guarantee of safety for the future.
Sir, I heard something said to-day by the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] in
regard to this being an export tax. Why, sir,
his reading has been different from mine. I
thought an export tax was a tax levied upon
articles exported at the time of their export-
ation, and because they were to be exported,
and as a condition affixed by the Government
upon their exportation. The idea that when
the Government levies a tax generally upon an
article in the hands of its producers that tax
afterward becomes unconstitutional because a
portion of the article is exported to foreign coun-
tries does not seem to me to be very sound.
I will not undertake to answer the argument
of my distinguished friend from Missouri on
the constitutional question. It seems to me
that was completely and perfectly done by the
Senator from Maine ; but there is one question
lying at the foundation of this matter which
ought to be considered. This is not a ques-
tion of present relief as presented by this bill;
it is a question of future policy for all time for
i this Government; it is not a question as to
what we must now do to relieve these people,
i but a question as to what shall be the current
i of public events for the next ten, twenty, or
thirty years.
There is one item of national policy that is
more important than this question of agricul-
tural production, and that is, equality of public
burdens. You cannot keep this nation con-
tented and happy if the people of the North and
of the West must pay the taxes when another
portion of the country pays none. No, sir; that
is contrary to human nature, because it is con-
trary to justice; and if, in order tfc make six
or seven States of this Union pay their pro-
portion of the national burdens we have got
even to tax an agricultural production, I am
in favor of doing it-. We nave learned re-
cently not to stop at names ; we have learned
not to pause before technicalities, but to go to
the substance of things. Therefore let us not
take a step that will establish an inequality in
our taxation for all time to come.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before
putting the question on that let me lay before
the Senate a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
• HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 201) declaratory of the
law in regard to officers cashiered or dismissed
from the Army by the sentence of a general
court-martial was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militi#.
GENERAL HANCOCK.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I will also
take this occasion to lay before the Senate a
message from the President of the United
States. It will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Gentlemen of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives:
An official copy of the order issued by Major
General Winfield S. Hancock, commander of
the fifth military district, dated headquarters
in New Orleans, Louisiana, on the 29th day of
November, has reached me through the regu-
lar channels of the War Department, and I
herewith communicate it to Congress for such
action as may seem to be proper in view of all
the circumstances.
It will be perceived that General Hancock
announces that he will make the law the rule
of his conduct; that he will uphold the courts
and other civil authorities in the performance
of their proper duties; and that he will use
his military power only to preserve the peace
and enforce the law. He declares very ex-
plicitly that the sacred right of the trial by jury
and the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
shall not be crushed out or trodden under foot.
He goes further, and, in one comprehensive
sentence, asserts that the principles of Ameri-
can liberty are still the inheritance of this peo-
ple, and ever should be.
When a great soldier with unrestricted power
in his hands to oppress his fellow-men volun-
tarily foregoes the chance of gratifying his self-
ish ambition and devotes himself to the duty
°f building up the liberties and strengthening
the laws of his country, he presents an exam-
ple of the highest public virtue that human
nature is capable of practicing. The strongest
claim of Washington to be " first in war, first
in peace, and first in the hearts of his country-
men," is founded on the great fact that in all
his illustrious career he scrupulously abstained
from violating the legal and constitutional rights ^
of his fellow-citizens. When he surrendered
his commission to Congress the President of
that body spoke his highest praise in saying
that he had "always regarded the rights of the
}| civil authorities through all dangers and disns-
1 ters." Whenever power above the law courted
I his acceptance he calmly put the temptation
aside. By such magnanimous acts of forbear-
ance he won the universal admiration of man-
1 kind and left a name which has no rival in the
history of the world.
I am far from saying that General Hancock
is the only officer of the American Army who
is influenced by the example of Washington.
Doubtless thousands of them are faithfully
1 devoted to the principles for which the men of
i the Revolution laid down their lives. But the
■« distinguished honor belongs to him of being
the first officer in high command south of the
' Potomac since the close of the civil war who
has given utterance to these noble sentiments
in the form of a military order.
I respectfully suggest to Congress that some
1 public recognition of General Hancock's pa-
I triotic conduct is due, if not to him, to the
j friends of law and justice throughout the coun-
! try. Of such an act as his, at such a time, it
1 is but fit that the dignity should be vindicated
I and the virtue proclaimed, so that its value as
an example may not be lost to the nation.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., December 18, 1867.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have before them resolutions passed
by the House of Representatives thanking
General Sheridan, General Schofield, General
Sickles, and some other officers for their ad-
ministration of the law; and I move that this
message be referred to that committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And that it be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. Why print it ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Because it is a message
from the President of the "United States, and
that is the usual course.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Wis-
consin suggests that he never saw a President's
message that was not printed. I will suggest
to him that to my knowledge in the history of
this Government we never saw a President's
message like this in other respects. We never
saw such a document, conceived in such a
spirit, and sent here for such a purpose. I do
not know, on the spur of the moment, but that
the proper disposition of this may not be sim-
ply to refer it to the Committee on Military
Affairs; yet it strikes me, as I think it will
strike a majority of this Senate when they read
that document and reflect upon it, something
more or something less than that ought to be
done. I shall be very glad for one, as it strikes
me at this moment, to see it lie on the table for
the present, and let us see what we shall do
with it. [" Make the motion."] I move that
it lie on the table, at least for the present.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the honorable
Senator to withdraw his motion to enable me
to make a suggestion in answer to what he lias
said. ["No, no."]
Mr. CONKLING. I think I ought to do
that..
Mr. RAMSEY.- What became of my motion
to adjourn? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pend-
ing. I wished to lay these documents before
the Senate before they adjourned, and I took
occasion to postpone putting that question,
Mr. RAMSEY. I yielded so far as the
announcements by the Chair were concerned,
but not for this debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a motion to lay on the table which is not de-
batable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion to adjourn
has the precedence.
Mr. RAMSEY. I insist on my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to} and the Senate
adjourned.
