1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641
President. The utterances of Judge Chase,
upon which was (bunded the article to which
the gentleman refers, came from his lips while
he was sitting upon the bench presiding as a
judge over a United States court; they were
not ihe utterances of Judge Chase as an indi-
vidual from the steps or the balcony of some
hotel in the city of Baltimore. Therefore there
is a very wide difference between that case and
the one which the gentleman now proposes to
carry to the Senate for trial. It is nowhere
asserted or proved that those utterances of
Andrew Johnson, reprehensible, outrageous,
improper, and in some cases infamous, as they
were, were uttered by him while he was dis-
charging the duties of his office, as Judge Chase
"was discharging the duties of his when he ut-
tered the language upon which was based the
article to which the gentleman refers as a prece-
dent. Let us, then, before wc undertake to
run this parallel, remember that it is not com-
plete.
Now, this House knows my views perfectly
well with regard to the law governing this
case. Yet from the first I have said that, inas-
much as it is an open question in this country
whether other offenses than those delined by
statute are impeachable, 1 would be willing to
let the question go to the coui t of impeachment
in order that the doctrine may be settled as to
whether the power of impeachment in this
country includes all i'iiunon-law offenses,
as well as offenses deliued by statute. I am
willing, 1 say, to let that question be decided
by that court, for by that court alone can it
be determined. But I beg the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and I beg this House, to
remember that if, under the article which he
proposes, the counsel for the defense of the
President should be disposed to prolong the
trial, there could be very little limit except by
a resort to the means which the gentleman has
suggested, an abandonment of the article.
VVell, sir, if that article be abandoned what
shall we have left? The case which we have
already made up ? Would the gentleman aban-
don the article if he did not believe that there
would be remaining in the case sufficient mat-
ter on which to convict the President? And
if the gentleman believes there is in the re-
maining articles enough on which to convict
Mr. Johnson, why should we load down the
record with this additional article? It is a
conviction "we desire, because we believe the
President is guilty of the crimes and misde-
meanors with winch we have chargcd him. if
our articles charge him properly with crimes
and misdemeanors, upon which a conviction
can be obtained, it can be obtained in less
time, with more satisfaction to the country,
and with greater.regard to the other interests
of the country upon the articles already
adopted by the House, and one other which
may be reported from the committee.
This, sir, is all I desire to say on this occa-
sion. I will not enter into a discussion of the
questions of law involved. 1 have made these
remarks by way of suggestion that as a matter
of proper caution we keep this ease in such a
shape that it may be disposed of in reasonable
time.
Mr. BUTLER. The reasons stated by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. WilsoxJ have been
fairly and properly put before the House; and
they deserve a fair and reasonable considera-
tion. I propose to answer the first point he
makes; that is as to the applicability of the
precedent I have cited. It is true that Judge
Chase made that inflammatory political ha-
rangue'' upon the bench. But a judge exer-
cises his office only while on the bcnch, while
the President of the United States can always
exercise his office, can exercise it wherever he
may be. He can never divest himself of that
high character. He is the President of the
United States, clothed with the high dignity of
his office, when he stands upon the balcony of
the hotel at St. Louis as well as when he sits
in the Bast Room of the White House. He
always is an officer of the Government of the
United States, never dying in that capacity,
because another steps into his position the
moment the bullet of the assassin deprives
him of life.
Now, I want to call the attention of my friend
from Iowa to the fact that in 1862 this House
impeached Judge Humphreys, of Tennessee,
upon the complaints of Andrew Johnson him-
self, for making a political speech on the stump
on the 19th of December, 1860. Before the
commencement of the war, before Sumter was
fired on, before South Carolina had seceded,
Judge Humphreys made a speech at Nashville;
and in that speech 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman will
excuse me for interrupting him. I desire to
correct him. The speech made by Judge
Humphreys was after the passage of the ordi-
nance of secession by South Carolina; after
South Carolina had levied war upon the United
States by arraying armed men under the
authority of the State in hostility to the United
States Government.
Mr. BUTLER. Quis custodiet custocleamf
Who shall correct the corrector? Who .shall
keep the keeper? Why, sir, on the 19th of
December, 1800, when J udge Humphreys made
that speech, will any one say that war was
raging between this Government and South
Carolina?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman will
pardon me. I stated that war had been levied,
levied by the assembling of hostile bodies of
armed men.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the gentleman will
remember what was the day on which Ander-
son left Fort Moultrie for Fort Sumter. That
was after this speech of Judge Humphreys.
Now, what was the speech? The speech simply
was that the State of Tennessee had the right
to secede—a declaration that Calhoun and his
followers had made everywhere in the last
thirty years. Yet Andrew Johnson thought it
was so foul a political wrong that he com-
plained to this House, and West H. Humph-
reys was arraigned on that charge, as well as
on the charge that he had appropriated the
property of Andrew Johnson. He failed to
prove the last charge, but West H. Humph-
reys was found guilty on the first charge, and
dismissed from his office of judge. Am I not
right? I commend now the same chalice to
the lips of Andrew Johnson.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The ordinance of
secession was passed on the 17th of Decem-
ber, and this speech was made on the 29th of
December.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not said a word as
to when the ordinance of secession was passed.
No war had then been levied. No war had
begun in Tennessee at that time. This was a
mere political speech.
Again, thegentleman seeks to blind this House
to the true issue by affirming that Judge Chase
was not convicted. I agree that he was not;
but I say again to this House, there were more
votes of guilty upon this article than on any
other. I am certain I am right on that point,
for I have the book before me. I repeat
that on this article—and there were seven
others—more votes were given against Judge
Chase than upon any other. And what is a
little remarkable, this was the only one where
there was not a strict party vote. He could
not carry all liis party even on that article.
The trouble is this: the gentleman still holds
to his notion that there must be some indictable
crime committed in order that there may be
an impeachable offense.
Thegentleman has been ''taking tithes of
mint and anise and cummin, and neglecting the
weightier matters of the law." He would not
object to this if he had not about him the lin-
gering ghost of '*indictable crimes." That is
where the trouble comes in. I have never had
anv difficulty in my own mind on the subject.
T linve agreed to his articles of contrary indict-
able crimes. I think we may convict on them.
I hope and believe we shall. I want this arti-
cle, however, to go down to posterity as one
justification, showing the manner of man we
had to deal with; and I pledge myself, with
the aid, and the able aid, of my friend from
Iowa, and 1 acknowledge his ability, we will
try this case within one day of five hours.
I have no idea there will Be any such delays
as we feared here. Excellent, able counsel,
who have reputations of their own, both pro-
fessional and personal, will be employed to
defend Andrew Johnson. They ere to do this
in the face of the country, and there is no man
who depends upon his professional reputation
who will call witnesses merely for the purpose
of delay. He dare not do it. Therefore
you need not fear any of such delays. When
it comes to the question of proof, if there be
too great delay, we can withdraw it; but the
article will go down to posterity as a charge
that stood upon the public journals uncontra-
dicted for two years, and that we only with-
drew it because there was not time in which to
examine it.
I trust the House will sustain the action of
the board of managers, which is unanimous
with the exception of my friend; and that it
will also sustain the managers in reporting
another article which will be reported as soon
as we dispose of this.
I take leave to read the article on which
West 11. Humphreys was convicted, to show
another precedent for the article before the
House:
" That, regardless of his duties as a citizen of the
United States, and unmindful of the duties of his
said office, and in violation oi the sacred obligation
of ins othciat oath, * to administer justice without
icspect to persons//and faithfully and impartially
discharge alt the duties incumbent upon him as judge
of the district court ot the United States for tlio sev-
eral districts ot the State of Tennessee, agreeable to
the Constitution and laws of the United States,' the
said W est It. Humphreys, on the 29th day ot Decem-
ber, A.Jt>. 1SGU, in the city ot fsaahville.m said State,
the said West 11. Humphreys then being a citizen of
the U mted States, and owing allegiance thereto, and
then and theie being judge of the district court of
the United States ior the several districts of said
State, at a public meeting on the day and year last
atoiesaid, held m said city ot .Nashville, and in the
hearing of divers persons then there present, did
endeavor by public speech to incite revolt and re-
bellion within said State against the Constitution
and Government of the United States, and did then
and there publicly declare that it was the right of
the people of said State, by an ordinance of seces-
sion, to absolve themselves fiom all allegiance to the
Government of the United States, the Constitution
and taws thereof."
Precisely what we charge Andrew Johnson.
I yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logax.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not de-
sire to discuss the legal proposition, but I want
to say a word or two upon the question before
the House. 1 am really very sorry to see any
difference of opinion on this matter between
any of the managers on the part of the House.
1 supposed this proposition would pass this
body without any objection on the part of the
committee or its friends. Now, sir, although
it is not always the case that you can convict
a man on every count on an indictment, I do not
suppose there is a lawyer in this House who
will say that he ever knew a man to fail to be
convicted because there were too many counts
in the indictment against him. Your evidence
may sometimes go beyond the counts or the
charges you have made, but if you have enough
of them you can catch him on some one. I
believe no one will deny that pioposition.
Now, 1 believe we can convict Andrew John-
son on the counts or charges that we have.
Indeed, I have no doubt of it,. But other per-
sons may not entertain the same opinion that
I do. Surely, therefore, adding an article or
count to the indictment will not procure his
acquittal. Therefore 1 cannot see what injury
can be done to the case by the addition.
Now, in answer to the suggestion made a
little while ago that the managers on the part
of the House would have no right to withdraw
any count or article, if the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Muxgex] is a lawyer he should
know that the managers become the attorneys
or prosecutors for the House on behalf of the
people of the country, and as such they have
a right to introduce proof m support of one
article or of two articles or in support of each
and all the articles that have been preferred
