1867.
THE CONGKESSIONAL (GLOBE.
257
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 18, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the C In plain. Rev. C. B. Boyn'ton.
The Journal 'of yesterday was read and
approved.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPE11S.
Mr. WASHBl'RXE, of Illinois. I rise to
a privileged question. I move to reconsider
the vote by which Josiah O. Armes was per-
mitted to withdraw certain papers from the
files of the House. I make this motion in
order to have the opportunity of moving that
Mr. Aruies he permitted to take copies of the
papers, having tiie originals on files.
Mr. GARFIELD. is not that the general
rule already adopted by this House?
The SPEAKER. It is not, unless so speci-
fied in the order granting leave.
Mr. GARFIELD. Was that not the rule
during the last Congress?
The SPEAKER. It was not.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then, if the gentleman
from liiiuois [Mr. Washbup.xe] will allow
me, I will move that hereafter, whenever leave
is given to withdraw papers from the files of
the House, it shall be understood to mean
the taking of copies, unless specially ordered
otherwise.
1 he SPEAKER. That can be done only
by unanimous consent or by the adoption of
a rule. -
The motion to reconsider was then agreed to.
The order was then modified so as to give
leave to Josiah 0. Armes to take copies of the
papers on file.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now ask unanimous
consent that it be ordered that hereafter no
original papers shall be withdrawn from the
files of the House unless by specific consent
of the House, but that copies only shall be
allowed to be taken.
Mr. RANDALL. I think that matter had
better be referred to the Committee on Rules.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection.
The subject was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Rules.
AMERICAN WHALESIIIPS.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
submit for consideration at this time the fol-
lowing preamble and resolution:
Whereas information has been received that in the
Okhotsk sea, off Tcha t:ir island, on the Russian |
coast, American whaling vessel?, while peaceably i
prosecuting their voyages, have been recently ordered
ofl' the coast by Russian war vessels, and that the
boats of one American vessel have been fired upon :
by Russian armed steamers: Therefore,
Resolve^, That the Secretary of State be directed
to communicate to this House auy information in
possession of the Department in reference to such
action against American vessels, and whether the
Bamc was under authority from the Hussian Govern- 1
ment, and whether American vessels have or have
not a right to pursue their usual business in those
seas and upon that coast without molestation. j
I will say in connection with this resolution \\
that Captain Thomas Mellen, master of the ,
whaling ship Europa, writes home as follows: i
/'Please ascertain from headquarters if the Rus-
sian Government has a legal right to prohibit Anier- 1
ican ships from whaling in the bays.
"A party of Russians have established a fishery
here ashore, and a Russian armed steamer has been
here and ordered the ships all away. Says ho is
authorized to drive us off, but cannot show his au-
thority. I do not know the steamer's name.
441 have not seen him yet, but he has fired upon
one ship s boats, the bark Endeavor, of New Bed- i
ford.
441 shall not leave unless he fires into mo, butshould '
Dot like to come here another season if we cannot
whale after we get here. i
"I do not believe he has had any instructions from i'
the Russian Government, but think he acts on his j
own resjjopsibility at the instigation of the parties
interested in the shore fishery, who, doubtless, desire :
to make a monopoly of the business. 1'
"I arn determined to whaleitthcrestoftbeseason, 1
and if he fires into the ship or boats I think our
Uncle Sam and the good old flag wo sail under will
protect us and see that we are paid for all damages." ! i
This resolution calls for information which
I suppose all the members of this House will
be desirous to have sent to us.
The preamble and resolution were then
adopted.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 17^
Mr. ELIOT. 1 move to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST BOKCII VS. VAN HORN. !
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on
Elections, made a report in the contested
election ease of Burch vs. Van Horn, of the !
sixth congressional district of Missouri, accom- i
panied by the following resolutions: j
liexolvtd, That James II. Burch is not entitled to i
a peat in this House as a Representative in the For-
tieth Congress from the sixth congressional district
of Missouri.
Neaolved, That Robert T. Van Horn is entitled to 1
a seat in this House as a Representative in the For- j
ticth Congress from the sixth congressional district
! of Missouri. j
Mr. POLAND. I do not propose to ask !
action of the House upon these resolutions
at this time. I move that the report, with
the accompanying resolutions, be laid oa the
table and printed. j
The motion was agreed to. j
BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
ORDER OP BUSINESS. !
The SPEAKER. The first business in
order during the morning hour is the call of
committees for reports, beginning with the
Committee on Military Affairs.
DESERTION, ETC.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on Mil- !
itary Affairs have directed me to report back a ;
bill (H. R. No. 125) to provide for the grant-
ing of honorable discharges to certain soldiers
and sailors of the Army and Navy, and a bill
(H. R. No. 260) to furnish certain soldiers and
sailors therein designated with honorable dis-
charges, and to move that these bills be laid
on the table, the committee having prepared a
bill embodying the substance of the two bills.
The motion was agreed to; and the bills
1 were laid on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on [
Military Affairs, reported a bill to furnish hon- I
orable discharges to certain soldiers and sailors j
therein designated, and to repeal section twenty- ,
one of an act entitled ''An act to amend the
several acts heretofore passed to provide for ,
enrolling and calling out the national forces, i
and for other purposes," approved March 3, j
1805 ; which was read a first and second time, i
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time, the bill Was
read at length.
The first section provides that all persons
relieved from the charge of desertion or absence
without leave by an act entitled "An act for
the relief of certiwn soldiers amd sailors therein
designated," approved July 19, 1807, shall be
furnished with certificates of honorable dis-
charge by the Secretary of War and the Secre-
tary of the Navy, under the limitations and
restrictions of that act.
The second section provides that section
twenty-one of an act entitled " An act to amend
the several acta heretofore passed to provide !
for enrolling and calling out the national forces !
and for other purposes" be repealed ; orovided
that nothing contained in the bill shall bo con-
strued to entitle any person embraced within
the section repealed to bounty, pay, or emolu-
ments of any kind; nor to affect in any manner
the decision or sentence of any court-martial.
Mr. GARFIELD. The subject to which
this bill refers has been before tjie House, and
I presume every member is familar with it and
needs only to have his attention called to its
provisions in order to enable the House to dis-
pose of it.
9 It will be remembered that at the July ses-
sion of this Congress a bill was passed declar-
ing that soldiers and sailors who left their
commands witho'ut leave after the 19th day of
Agril', 1865, should no lopger bp borne on the
rolls of the Army as deserters. It was very
well known that a large number of soldiers did
leave their commands, because as they had en-
listed '• for three years or the war," and as the
j war had ended with the general collapse of the
, rebellion, they considered themselves legally
entitled to a release from the service. Thus
in many cases soldiers went home before they
j were regularly mustered out. Many such per-
sons—perhaps several thousand—were borne
! upon the rolls as deserters, and by the act of July
j last Congress directed that in case of all such
! persons the record declaring them to be desert-
I ers should be effaced. Now, many memorials
j on the subject and also a bill introduced by my
1 colleague [Mr. Schexuk] have been referred
j to the Committee on Military Affuirs, asking
! that the Secretaries of War and the Navy shall
j furnish persons certificates declaring that the
: record of desertion borne on the rolls is wiped
! out that they may receive honorable dis-
charges. ,
' The first section simply provides that the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Navy respectively shall furnish certificates
according to the provisions and limitation of
the bill of July last, which expressly declares
that it gives no right to pay, bounty, or any-
thing in the way of money, but shall simply
remove the charge of desertion. This is the
whole of the first section of the bill, and I
presume there will be no objection to it in the
House.
The second section is one concerning which
there may be some difference of opinion. It
provides that section twenty-one of an act
entitled "An act to amend several acts here-
tofore passed to provide for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other- pur-
poses," be repealed; provided that nothing
herein contained shall be construed to entitle
any person embraced in said section hereby
repealed to bounty, pension, pay, or emolu-
ments of any kind, or to affect in any way the
decision or sentence of any court- martial. I
now ask the attention of the House to the sec-
tion which is proposed to be repealed, and
which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"An act to amend the several acts heretofore passed
to provide for the enrolling and calling out of the
national forces, approved March 3,18(35.
" Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That in addition
to the other lawful penalties of the crime of desertion
from the military or naval service, all persons who
have deserted the military or naval scrvice of tha
United States who shall uot return to said service or
repo.t themselves to a provost marshal within sixty
days after the proclamation hereinnlter mentioned
shall bo deemed arid taken to have voluntarily relin-
quished and forfeited their rights of citizenship and
their rights to become citizens; and such deserters
shall be forever incapable of holding any office of trust
or profit under theUnitcd States, or of exercising any
rights of citizens thereof: and all persona who shall
hereafter desert the military or naval service, and
all persons who, being duly enrolled, shall depart the
jurisdictionofthedistiietin which they are enrolled,
or go beyond the limits of the United States, with
intent to avoid any draft into the military or naval
service, duly ordered, shall be liable to the penalties
of this section. And the President is hereby author-
ized and required forthwith, on the passage of this
act, to issue his proclamation setting forth tho provis-
ionsof this section, in which proclamation the Pres-
ident is requested to notify all deserters returning
within sixty days, as aforesaid, that they shall be par-
doned on condition of their returning' to tlicir regi-
ments and companies, or to such other organizations
as they may be assigned to, until they havo served
tor a period of time equal to the original term of
enlistment."
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the pur-
pose of this section will be definitely under-
stood by the gentlemen who list ened to its read-
ing. It was understood at the time to be a
very trenchant but necessary war measure.
At the time of its passage desertions were fre-
quent in the Army; unpatriotic citizens were
running away to avoid the draft.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does this restore those
who deserted to the enemy and fought against
our flag?
Mr. GARFIJJLQ, Section twenty-one,
which has jiist been read, makes two leading
propositions: first, any one who shall desert
from the service shall have certain penalties
visited upon him; and second, any person who
