1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that to-morrow at one o'clock has been set
apart for the business of the District of Co-
lum bia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot help that. We
will do the best we can. This is business of
the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July % 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, llev. C. B. Boynton.
The reading of yesterday's Journal was, by
unanimous consent, dispensed with.
tax on interest ok bonds.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill (H.R. No. 1350) to authorize internal tax
on the interest of bonds and ^>ther securities
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill and report were read in extenso, as
follows:
A bill to authorize an internal tax on the interest
of the bonds and other securities of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of fiepresent-
ativesofthe United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That from and after the passage of this act
there shall be levied, collected, and paid a tax of ten
per cent, on the amount of interest hereafter due
and payable on all the bonds and other securities
of the United States. To secure the collection of
said tax, the amount of interest hereafter pnid on
any bonds or other securities of the United States,
bearing interest at six per cent., shall be at the rate
of only five and four tenths per cent., and bearing
interest at the rate of five per cent, shall be at the
rate of only four and five tenths per cent.; and if
bearing interest at the rate of three per cent.shall
be at the rate of only two and seven tenths per cent,
per annum. No higher rate of interest than is herein
prescribed shall be paid on any bond or other secur-
ity of the United States now outstanding, or author-
ized to be issued, all conditions of any such bond or
other security, and all laws and parts of laws to the
contrary notwithstanding,
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whom was
referred the resolution of the House, instructing
them to report without unnecessary delay a bill levy-
ing a tax of at least ten per cent, on the interest of
the bonds of the United States, to be collected by the
Secretary of the Treasury and such of his subordin-
ates as may be charged with the duty of paying the
interest on the bonded debt of the United States,
have had the same under consideration, and beg
leave to submit the following report and bill:
The Committee of Ways and Means are opposed to
the proposition embraced in this resolution, and
report the bill only in obedienccto the positive order
of the House. In the argument made in the House
in favorofthe resolution the English income tax law
was referred to and quoted. There is a law corre-
sponding to that law on the statute-books of this
country, imposing a tax on incomes of five per cent.,
•while the English law is less than three per cent.
JBut your committee have been unable to find in the
statute-books of England or any other civilized
country a law that could be regarded in any way as
a precedent for the bill the Houso have instructed
the committee to freport, which, if enacted, will be
simply a law providing for the payment of a rate of
interest on the Government debt ten per cent, less
than was agreed for, ten per cent, less than is stated in
the bonds, and ten percent, less than was pledged to
be paid by the solemn enactmentof Congress when the
money was required to carry on a war which threat-
ened the life of the nation. The evil effects result-
ing to a nation, whether her national credit is guarded
and protected, or whether by legislation of the char-
acter now proposed the confidence of nil other civil-
ized nations is forfeited, may not be felt or appre-
ciated in time of peace; bat the committee desire to
call attention to the consequences that would follow
the passage of a bill of the character now submitted,
in case we should ever herealter have occasion to use
our credit for the purpose of providingmeans either
to sustain ourselves at home or to defend ourselves
in anv collision with a foreign Power.
The committee repeat that in reporting the bill
they act in obedience to the positive directions of
the House, and contrary to their own best judgment.
They reserve to themselves their rights, as members
of the House, to oppose in every possible way the
adoption of a measure which they regard as hostile
to the public interest and injurious to the national
character.
Mv. HOOPER, ofMassachusetts, moved that
the bill and report be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I demand
the yeas and nays on the latter motion.
The SPEAKER. It cannot bebrought back
into the House by a motion to reconsider except
by unanimous consent, as it is a bill which must
have its first consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my motion.
exporters of rdm.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
same committee, also reported back House
joint resolution No. 318, to correct an act
entitled "An act for the relief of certain ex-
porters of rum," with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The resolution provides that the word " and,"
where it occurs in said act after the word "ex-
port" and before the words "actually con-
tracted," be changed into "or;" so the cor-
rected act shall read, "intendedfor export or
actually contracted for."
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
interest on the public debt.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
consent to introduce a bill to equalize taxation
and reduce the interest un the public debt, for
reference to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. RANDALL. Let the bill be reported.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
desire to have it referred.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to hear what it is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Oetii] demands the regular order,
which excludes all business but that which is
privileged. This, therefore, cannot be con-
sidered unless the gentleman withdraws his
demand.
Mr. ORTH. I am willing myself to do so,
but there are gentlemen around me who insist
upon the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The bill is, then, not before
the House.
division of texas.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, who have been some
time considering the matter, have come to a
unanimous agreement to report back the bill
which was sent to them for perfection (H. R.
No. 1203) to provide for the erection of not
more than two additional States out of the ter-
ritory of the State of Texas, and for other pur-
poses, with one amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Does the gentleman
expect to put it on its passage to-day?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That was
the intention.
Mr. BOUTWTELL. I hope that will not be
done. I did not expect it would be disposed
of to-day.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What
day would suit the gentleman better? If the
gentleman will fix a day I am willing it should
be done.
Mr. BOUTWELL. T do not know about
the state of business before the House. Let
the bill be printed and recommitted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
received letters and telegrams from the con-
vention. They are very anxious we should act
upon the bill so that they may act. I will con-
sent, however, to have it printed and recom-
mitted, and I will consult the gentleman when
to call it up.
Mi-. WILSON, of Iowa. Is this a subject
upon which the committee can report at any
time ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BECK. Will not the gentleman agre,e
to fix "Wednesday next, when Mr. Bingham
and Mr. Brooks will be here ?■
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
not fix any time now, because it might ijot-suit
my friends.
Mr. BECK. I desire it should not come up
before those gentlemen are here.
The bill was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the committee.
private land claims in california.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the House resumes the
consideration ofHousebillNo. 1206, to restore
to certain parties their rights under the laws
and treaties of the United States, pending at
the expiration of the morning hour yesterday,
on which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Stoxe] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STONE. I yield to the chairman of
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ORTH. When the morning hour ex-
pired yesterday I was opposing the adoption
of the proviso to this bill offered by the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Johnson.] I
will now say to that gentleman that if he will
offer his amendment as a substitute for the
proviso now attached to the original bill I will
withdraw my opposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will do so. I move to
strike out all after the words "provided fur-
ther," in the substitute, as follows:
That such confirmation shall not affect the rights
of third parties, but shall establish simply the title
of the claimant as between him and the United
States.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That all persons who, previous to the passage of
this act, have acquired any valid right or titic to any
of tho lands embraced within the provisions of this
act under the pree'mption or homestead laws, or
otherwise, shall be protected in their rights.
That amendment will make the bill as it was
originally.
Mr. ORTH. I am willing a vote should be
taken on the adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ORTH. Before resuming my seat I
desire to say that this bill enables parties to go
into our own courts of justice and test their rights
under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and
also whatever rights they may have acquired
under the homestead and preemption laws of
the United States. The bill was thoroughly
considered not only by the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, but by the Committee on
the Public Lands, and is unanimously reported
to this House.
Mr. STONE. In the absence of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodwaiid,J
who left the city yesterday, it has fallen to my
lot to give a brief explanation to the House
of this bill, and in order to understand it
thoroughly it is necessary to refer back to the
treaty made between the United States and
Mexico. By that treaty the United States
agreed to respect all Mexican or Spanish titles,
and for the purpose of ascertaining the public
lands in the State of California they appointed
a land commission, and required landholders,
or those who held grants from Spain or Mexico,
to exhibit to this land commission the evi-
dence of their titles, and the commission was
to decide upon the validity of those titles
granted to the parties on appeal, first to the
district court, and then to the Supreme Court
of the United States. The commission com-
menced and continued its session, but by the
act only two years were allowed the parties-to
present their claims and have them adjudi-
cated upon. After a while the act was further
extended for two years, making four years in
all. That time has expired, and it has been
found by examination that there are a variety
of claimants in California who claim titles
under the Mexican and Spanish Governments,
who, owing to the short time allowed by the
original act of 1851, have not yet had an
opportunity to have their claims presented and
adjudicated upon. The sole object of this bill
is to extend the time oue year longer. This
is no new bill. It enunciates no new princi-
