142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Stevens.
40tii Co^tg....2d Sess.
those acts were not performed under the author-
ity of the old constitutions, but under the author-
ity of the governments set up and instituted by
President Johnson.
Such, sir, being the doctrine of the Demo-
cratic party this day touching this great ques-
tion, according to their theory slavery exists in
full power and force, and the favorite "institu-
tion" is only temporarily suppressed by " mil-
itary satraps," "Federal bayonets," and "con-
gressional usurpation." I do not wonder, sir,
under these circumstances, and in this view of
the law, and the want of power in the national
Government over these States lately in rebel-
lion, that the Democratic government of Mary-
land has proceeded to register the emancipated
slaves within her borders with a view of calling
upon the General Government to pay from its
Treasury the full value of their manumitted
freedraen ; nor do 1 wonder, sir, that on this
theory they should deny civil and political rights
to the colored people, or that they should still
continue to regard them as an inferior race. I
am not surprised in this view at that coalition
which now exists between the former slavehold-
ers of the South and the leaders of the Demo-
cratic party of the North ; but 1 solemnly be-
lieve that should that coalition be successful in
its efforts to obtain control of this Government
there would not be virtue enough in any Dem-
ocratic Congress to withstand and resist a com-
bination which seeks remuneration for four mil-
lion manumitted slaves. Sir, the very scheme
itself, supported by national power, would cor-
rupt the country from one end to the other.
The propositions which I have endeavored
to enforce may be stated thus:
1. Previous to the rebellion the rebel State
governments existed in constitutional and
friendly relations with the Union.
2. The people of those States having a right
to change, alter, or abolish their State govern-
ments, accomplished that work by their own
act, and set up new governments in the several
States.
3. In and by those new State governments
they undertook to sever the connection and
allegiance of their people from the Union, and
by so doing placed their State governments and
their people in the position of public enemies,
compelling and justifying war against them on
the part of the United States.
4. By the power and fortunes of war these
newly-ereeted and hostile governments were
overthrown, leaving the people of the several
States "without any civil government what-
ever."
5. Under the Constitution Congress is bound
to guaranty a republican form of government
to those States, and possesses all the power to
enable it to perform that high office.
6. In the exercise of that power Congress
has the right and must, necessarily discriminate
between the classes of persons existing within
the several States, in order that the new gov-
ernment may not only be established but that
it may be republican in form. And this is all
that Congress proposes to do.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have no time to pursue this
matter further. 1 have only time to refer to
the measures, which 1 contend that Congress,
the law-making power of the country, has full
authority within the scope of the Constitution
to originate and pass, and which the Execu-
tive is bound by his oath of office to execute
with fidelity and promptness. These measures,
sir, have now been before the people of this
country for nearly a year. Our opponents say
they are unconstitutional. 1 have already con-
sidered this question, and do not propose to
pursue it further; but I will say that this is the
same old stale objection which we have heard
from the Democratic party from the day when
our late President called upon the country for
scventy-tive thousand men to protect our flag
and advance her arms against the common
enemy. Yes, sir; this cry of unconstitution-
ality was raised then, and even before that time.
When, in 1800, the President was called upon
to protect our flag from the insults of traitors,
and should have taken steps to crush out the
then incipient rebellion ; he was counseled by
the same men to desist, and we were told that
there was no power in this Government to
"constitutionally" resist the efforts of armed
traitors to overthrow it. In my own State, sir,
leading Democrats declared that if the people
of New Hampshire left their homes and sprang
to the aid of the General Government they
should be followed by a fire from the rear from
thirty-three thousand Democrats, the movement,
(not the shooting) being considered quite "un-
constitutional."
When the Republican party appropriated
money in support of the Army during the war
these Democrats declared that unconstitutional,
and resisted it by every means in their power.
When thatgreat military measure aimed against
the common enemy—the emancipation procla-
mation—was adopted, there came from the
Democratic party everywhere a great howl
of "unconstitutionality." When wo placed
in the hands of the loyal men of the South
arms to resist the enemy, and, although col-
ored, gave them the opportunity of fighting for
the old flag and the sweet boon of personal
liberty side by side with us, the objection was
again raised that this was unconstitutional. So
it has been, and so it. is now. The same old
objection is brought forward by the Democratic
party, and when we endeavor to restore the
late rebel States upon a just basis, and one
which will guarantee a perpetual Union by giv-
ing power to the loyal people, they cry: "This is
unconstitutional," and brand the Republican
party as traitors to the trust bequeathed to us
by our fathers. But. sir, this old and worn-out
howl has no force as it is applied to us. For
me it has no terrors. Like the siren cry of
"Peace" it has been drowned by the roar of
battle. I think the soldiers of our now dis-
banded Army, when they left their homes and
were ordered across the Potomac and first
stepped on the " sacred soil" of Virginia, did
not stop to search the Constitution for soniff
clause which would justify them in their action,
or heed the clamor which the allies of the rebel-
lion raised in the rear; nor when they assaulted
the works and sealed the parapets of the enemy
intrenched around Richmond, did tliey hesitate
to press forward because such a proceeding
was not provided for in terms by the Constitu-
tion ; but they saw an army of traitors arrayed
against their country and their flag, and, press-
ing forward to victory, gave us again the bless-
ing of peace. They knew that a Government
which was worthy of the name must contain
principles if not provisions for its own preser-
vation, and satisfied with that tliey did not
hesitate to exercise that power until the rebel-
lion had succumbed to their victorious arms,
and our flag again waved from the Potomac to
the Gulf, the symbol of a free and undivided
people.
But they say these measures we have adopted
are not only unconstitutional but that they are
harsh and cruel. Sir, is there a man within
sound of my voice or anywhere, intelligently
reading the current events in the rebel States,
who does not know that the Federal arms, as
the representative of the Federal authority, are
to-day the only guarantees which the loyal
Union men of the South have of their safety,
the security of their property, and even their
lives? Can any gentleman tell me of a single
instance where cruelty and injustice have been
practiced or inflicted under the orders of any
of the military commanders of the live districts
or of any such injury unredressed? I know
of none; I have heard of none. But, on the
other hand, let this military power be lifted
entirely from the South and the rebellious cit-
izens left in charge of all matters appertaining
to their civil affairs, and instead ot the occa-
sional instances of robbery and murder now
occurring throughout that section of the coun-
try, and brought to public notice, there would
be bloodshed and rapine everywhere ; the law
of force would be the rule rather than the law
of courts and civil tribunals, and the loyal peo-
ple (Bone would be the victims.
Mr. Chairman, when I review the history
of events for the last few years I am amazed
that the Republican party has made any pro-
gress in this great work of reconstruction in
defiance of the many obstacles thrown in its
way. Not the least ol these obstacles—perhaps
the most formidable of all—is the course which
the President has thought proper to pursue
since he assumed the office to which he acceded
through the act of an assassin.
This officer who, previous to his election to
the Vice Presidency, was so violent and extreme
in his denunciations of traitors, and who de-
clared his purpose to make the rebels take back
seats in the work of reconstruction, and even
advocated the confiscation of their property,
and its division among loyal men, has notonly
modified his views in this respect, but is now
looked upon and claimed by the Democratic
party and their southern brethren as their
leader and chief in these efforts to obstruct and
defeat, every honest and just plan which Con-
gress has sought to adopt. He has vetoed our
bills in defiance and contempt of his own former
expressed opinions; he has removed and at-
tempted thereby to disgrace our gallant and
patriotic officers who were charged with the
execution of the laws passed by Congress, while
they were earnestly and conscientiously endeav-
oring to carry out the policy determined upon
by the representatives of the people, and he
has removed them to the end that those meas-
ures might be defeated through the adminis-
tration of other military commanders whom he
has selected for the purpose of carrying out his
theories of reconstruction. Against these and
other obstacles are we contending to-day. But
let not our enemies exult in the prospect that
these obstacles will discourage and deter us from
carrying forward these measures to final suc-
cess according to our convictions of duty. No,
sir; Congress will take no backward step. In
spite of all opposition, all threats, and all in-
timidations, Congress will pursue its policy to
its final issue. And let us rejoice that the
people of this country have already recognized
in the four million freedmen of the South their
aid in this great work. We know who it was
that befriended the Union man in his perilous
residence in that country; who aided the Gov-
ernment to the best of their ability, always and
under every circumstance ; who rescued our sol-
diers from the hunt of the bloodhound and the
terrible horrors of starvation, and yet who are
now persecuted, ostracised, and decried as
something less than human beings with human
rights by gentlemen upon this floor. But let
me say, sir, it seems to me that man is mad
who stands up to assert here that he will under-
take to undo what Congress has done during
the past three years in that direction. The
man who asserts that as the ground of his
action has not, i think, yet seen enough ot
blood in his day and generation.
When the Democratic party gets ready to
reassert that slavery hi ill exists in the southern
States; when it is really earnest in its attempts
to reestablish the institution, then, sir. it may
summon courage to undertake to deprix e the^e
new-born citizens of the rights to w hieli tliey
have attained. l>ut if thev love their coumrv
and desire peace, and if they dread a renewal
of bloodshed, let them stop in their mad en-
deavor to an ay their party against the rights
of these true and loyal men. who, though tliey
may be ignorant, and humble, are none the less
true and loyal to the Government, and as citi-
zens entitled to its protection.
-dr. Chai; man. 1 regret that the hour to which
,, I am limited does not permit me to speak at
;! length upon the other questions to which the
S' "resident in his message has called the attention
i! of Congress, particularly the question of tax-
