1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
against the President. They may introduce
proof in support of only one article and may
withhold all proof in regard to the others.
That is a question for them to determine as
prosecuting attorneys before the court of im-
peachment.
Mr. MILLER. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that if they should give some
evidence on one of the charges they could
withdraw it so as to prevent the accused from
rebutting the evidence given against him ?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I did not say that
at all. I said that the managers might intro-
duce evidence to support one count or one
article, and if they deemed that evidence suffi-
cient for a conviction under the article they
might abandon all the other articles by intro-
ducing no further testimony. That I take to
be sound law.
Now, sir, although I admit that my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, is a good lawyer, yet it
does seem strange to me that he should become
so technical in regard to everything that comes
before the House as to seem to require that the
law must be as he lays it down, or else it cannot
be law at ali. That does not seem to me to be
a very good rule. Now, I am in favor of the
article drawn by my friend from Iowa[Mr. Wil-
son] and of the article of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] too, not because I
admire either gentleman more than the other,
not because one may be a better lawyer than
the other, but because I think both articles are
proper, and because I know that either of them
can be withdrawn at any time we desire to do
so. Hence I do not see any injury that can be
done by having these additional articles.
The gentleman says we can convict the Pres-
ident upon what articles we have. I grant it.
But he says we do not want any others. Now,
I take the position that, though we can convict
on the present articles, it will do 110 harm to
have others. Because, if we can convict on
those wo have, our case is not injured by having
more ; but if we fail to convict on the present
articles, and have no more, then we fail entirely.
Hence I say we are doing ourselves no harm
by having additional articles in this case.
Whether we desire to proceed under them all
or not is a different question, and one that can
only rise when we come to examine the testi-
mony as aDplicable to the other articles. We
can then determine whether it is expedient to
go further or not.
Mr. B UTLER. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. NICHOLSON and Mr. HOLMAN de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nujs were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the allirmative—yeas 87, nays43, not voting
59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Amos, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Bcaiuan, liejitty, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwcll, Broom,ilJ, Buficr, (Jake, Churchill,
Header W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conk, Cul-
Hulburil. Hunter, Ingorso!!, Judd, Julian. Kelley.
Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, GeorgeV. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lout'liridgo,
l.itnnl, HT-./'U   ,r  \,r;n . . '
Shanks, Spalding, Staik weather, Thadd^us Steven.,
Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichei), Upson,
Van Aernyin, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyek,
M aid, Cadwaljder C. Washburn, William 13. Wash-
burn, Welker, and Thomas Williams—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos R. Ashley, i
Barnum, Beck, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Coburn, Eld- j
rid ore, Golladay, Griswold, Grover, Iluight, Jlolman, !
Hotchki-s, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kcir, Knott, [
LaUin, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin,McCormk-k, Mor-
Wil&on, Windom. and Woodbridge—43.
■NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arncll, Axtell,
Bailey, Baker, Barnes, Benjamin, Benton, Boyer,
Lromwell, Buckiand, Chanler, Cornell, Covode,
Dawes, Dixon, Bodge, Eckley, Ela, Fields, Finney,
1ox, (*ot7., Glossbrenner, Hawkins, Asaliei W. Hub-
bard, Richard I). Hubbard, Jenckes, Ketcham, May-
nard, MoCuUough, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mullins,
Nunn, Paine, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Price, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Solyc, Shella-
barger, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Stone, John Trim-
ble, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William Williams.
Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—59.
So the tenth article was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. TABER stated that Mr. Barnes was
unavoidably detained from the House; if pres-
ent he would have voted in the negative.
Mr. EOKLEY stated that he was paired with
Mr. McCullougii, who would have voted in
the negative, and he, Mr. Eckley, in the
affirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. BINGIiAM. I am unanimously in-
structed by the board of managers to report
the additional article, which 1 send to the
Clerk's desk, and to put the same upon its
passage.
The Clerk read as follows:
Article XI.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, and in disregard of the
Constitution and laws of the United States,did here-
tofore, to wit: on the 18fch day of August, 3866, at
the city of Washington, and the District of Co-
lumbia, by public speech, declarc and affirm in sub-
stance, that the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the Uni-
ted States was not a Congress of the United States
authorized by the Constitution to oxercisc legislative
power under the same; but, on the contrary, was a
Congress of only part of the States, thereby denying
and intending to deny that the legislation of said
Congress was valid or obligatory upon him the said
Andrew Johnson, cxcept in so far as he saw fit to
appove the same, and also thereby denying and in-
tending to deny the power of the said Thirty-Ninth
Congress.to propose amendments to the Constitution
of theUnited States; and, in pursuance of said declar-
ation, tho said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, afterward to wit: on tho 21st day of
February, 1808, at the city of Washington in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, did unlawfully and in disregmd
of the requirements of the Constitution, that ho
should take care that thelaws be faithfully executed,
attempt to prevent tho execution of an act entitled
''An act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 18(37, by unlawfully devising and
contriving and attempting to devise and contrive
means by which he should prevent Edwin M. Stan-
ton honi forthwith resuming the functions of the
office of Secretary for the Department of War, not-
withstanding tho refusal of the Scnato to concur in
the suspension therefore made by said Andrew j olin-
son, of said Edwin M. Stanton from said office of
Secretary for tho Dcpaitment of War, and also by
further unlawfully devising and contriving and at-
tempting to devise and contrive means then and
there to prevent the execution ol an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the fiscal year ending June 30.1868,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,18(57, and
also to prevent the execution of an act entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient government of
tho rebel States," passed March 2,1867: whereby tho
said Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
did then, to wit: on the 21st day of February, 1808,
at the city of Washington, commit and was guilty of
a high misdemeanor in ollicc.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
ITouso that the board of managers unanimously
agree to that article, and direct me to put it
upon its passage, i call the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. X rise to ask if that article
has been pi'mted?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BROOKS. I think it better to vote it
without its being printed.
Mr. ELDR1DOE. Would not the House
now consent that my protest shall now come
in ? Jt seems tome the statements in that pro-
test are now true, if they were not true this
morning. I think the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. I)\wes] would not deny their
truth now.
Objection was made.
The question was upon seconding the call for
the previous question.
Hie previous question was seconded, and
the main question was ordered; which was
upon agreeing to the article.
Mr. BURR and Mr. KERR called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRiDGE. 1 ask that the article be
read again.
The SPEAKER. It will be read again if
there be no objection j although it has already
been read once at this stage.
Mr. KERSEY. 1 object to its being read
again at this time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very well; Idonotknow
that it is worth while to have it read again j it
.is a mere matter of impeachment.
The question was then taken upon agreeing
to the article; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 108, nays 32, not voting 49; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwcll, Broomall, But-
ler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot. Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Perry, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey,
Harding, Ifigby, Hill. Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingerso 11, Jenckes, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz,
Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marvin. McCarthy, McCiurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Morrell, Myers, Ncwcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Perham, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Price, llaum. Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck. Scofield,
Shanks, Smith, ^Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus
Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twich-
cll, Upson; Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James P. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Windoin, and Woodbridge—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Adaras, Archer, Barnum, Beck,
Brooks, Burr, Cary, Eklridge, Getz, Golladay, Grover,
Haight, Holman, Hotehkiss, Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormiek, Morgan,
Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Pruyn, Ross, Sit-
greaves, Stewart, Tabcr, Lawrence S. Trimble, and
Van Trump—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell. Axtell,
Bailey, Baker, Barnes, Benjamin, Benton, Boyer,
Bromwell, Buckiand, Chanler, Covode, Dawes,
Dodge, Eckley, Ela, Fields, Finney, Fox, Gloss-
brenner, Hawkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Maynard, MeCullough, Moorhead, Mor-
rissey, Mullins, Nunn, Peter?*, Phelps, Pile, Randall,
Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, John Trimble, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
William Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodward-—19.
So the eleventh article was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LAELIN said: My colleague, Mr.
Bailey, is detained at his room by sickness.
Mr. HOLMAN said : I desire to state that
tho gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Getz,
has been called away from his seat; if he were
here he would vote in the negative.
Mr. LOAN said : My colleague, Mr. Bbn-
.xamiist, is paired with Mr. Boier upon this
question. If my colleague were present he
would vote in the allirmative.
Mr. SAWYER said: My colleague, Mr.
Paine, has been unexpectedly called away.
If he were here he would vote in the affirm-
ative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the article was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the two
articles just agreed to be printed, with the
articles agreed to by the House yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the follow ing res-
olutions, and upon them I call the previous
question.
Resolved, That the articles agreed to by the House
this day, together with those adopted by the House
on yesterday, to bo exhibited in the name of the
Houfo of Representatives and of all the people of
the United States, against Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the Lnitcd States, in maintenance of their
impeachment against liim for high crimes and mis-
demeanors in office, be carried to the Senate by tho
managers appointed to conduct said impeachment.
Resolved, That the managers on the part of the
House, m the matter of the impeachment of the
President, be, and hereby are, authorized to appoint
a clerk and a messenger, to be paid for their services
at the usual rates during the time that they are em-
ployed: and that the managers have power to send
tor persons and papers.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I would inquire what pow-
ers it is intended shall be exercised by confer-
ring this authority to send for persons and
papers ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The powers usually ex-
ercised by the House of Representatives in
eases of this kind.
Mr. BROOKS. Have not the Senate all the
necessary power already?
