1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
266#
understood upon this matter, let me say that
if a State should come as Missouri came, if a
State should come as it will be found one of
these States has come, with matter in its con-
stitution repugnant to the Constitution of the
United States, adequate action May, no doubt,
be taken. It may be said thai it is unneces-
sary to do it, but I can see no objection to
giving notice in advance, as was done in the
Missouri case, to providing in advance in any
form that may be deemed appropriate that this
portion of the State constitution, because re-
pugnant to the higher authority of the Consti-
tution of the United States, will not be recog-
nized, and that the understanding must be on
the threshold that no attempt is to be made
to give vigor or effect to that part of the State
constitution. I can see how that can be done,
and for a reason palpable and distinguishable
from the reasons which enter into the present
consideration.
So, too, we may send such a constitution
back altogether by refusing to accept it until
it is reformed.
It may be said, as was said of the Missouri
case, it is unnecessary to say anything about
it; if they ever attempt to do it Congress and
the courts and all othertribunals will put the
seal of disapprobation upon it; it will be null,
because the Constitution of the United States
makes it so ; and when you declare by act of
Congress that it is so, you do not insure its
condemnation when the time comes any more
certainly than that would be insured without
an act. That is a criticism in substance that
such a congressional provision would be sur-
plusage ; but it cannot be criticised upon the
grounds which I am arguing here.
So that, Mr. President, to leave this ques-
tion, (begging pardon, as I do," of the Senate
for the time which lhave occupied,) I am con-
strained to think that the judicial history of
the country affords no warrant for this, that
the legislative history of the country affords no
warrant for it except in the recent example of
Nebraska, and the force and value of that
precedent is greatly impaired in my estimation
by the fact that it has been in no way approved
or tested since, and that the debate at the end
of which it occurred, along with the avowals ot
the grounds on which Senators allowed it to
become law in form, leavesituponaprecarious
footing; and turning from the past to the future,
looking atpiis as aquestion ofpractical wisdom
and utility, it seems to me that it is the inau-
guration of a practice which may be greatly
perverted, which is likely to be of no benefit,
but which is introducing a new element of
disturbance and of danger into the Common-
wealth.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. YATES. I wish to ask the opinion of
the Senator from New York on a point which
1 think is pertinent. The ordinance of 1787,
styled the Jeffersonian oidinance, required
slavery to be prohibited in all the States to be
formed out of the Northwest Territory, and
the live Stales formed out of that Territory
came inlo the Union with constitutions, each
of which declared that it was consistent with
the ordinance of 1787. Thus each of those
States came into the Union under the condi-
tion imposed by Congress that slavery, except
as a punishment for crime, should never ex-
ist therein. Afterward petitions were sent to
Congress, and especially a petition from the
Territorial Legislature of Indiana, praying a
suspension of this provision of the ordinance
for ten years, so that slavery might be intro-
duced in Indiana during that period ; but all
these applications were refused by Congress,
and I think it is a part of the history of the
country that we are indebted to that condition
imposed by Congress in the ordinance of 1787
for those five free, flourishing, and prosperous
States. But for it slavery would have as inev-
itably gone into Illinois as into Missouri.
They have the same climate, the same kind of
soil, aud everything was as inviting to slaveiy
in Illinois as in Missouri; but here was a con-
dition imposed by Congress that the States
formed out of the Northwest Territory should
come into the Union with a prohibition of
slavery. It seems to me that the same prin-
ciple applies here.
While I am up, if the Senator from New
York will allow me, I would refer to the Mis-,
souri compromise of 1820 as another instance
of a gondition imposed by Congress, under
which all the territory north of the parallel of
36° SO' north latitude was to be forever free,
and to that we are indebted for the free State of
Kansas and the free State of Nebraska. What
is the difference in principle between the con-
dition thus imposed on the States of Illinois,
Ohio, Kansas, and Nebraska, and which actu-
ally kept slavery out of those States, and the
condition which is now proposed in this bill as
to Arkansas ? I should like to have the Sena-
tor's response on that point.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, if my
honorable friend from Illinois and I were dis-
cussing tlJis question before a jury, and I did
not know him as well as I do, I should almost
suspect him of that of which I acquit him now,
namely, a disposition to get up a question
which, although it has not much to do with the
real point, appeals so far to the prejudices of
the hearers as to be useful for that reason. I
know the danger in this body, and everywhere
else, of discussing questions relating to slavery
in their abstract relations, because it is impos-
sible to separate the moral qualities from the
other qualities of the question ; but let me see.
The Senator refers to what is sometimes called
the Jeffersonian ordinance—the ordinance
drawn in 1781 by Nathan Dane, anterior to the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. In 1784 by Jefferson; 17$9
by Nathan Dane.
Several Senators. Seventeen hundred and
eighty-seven.
Mr. SUMNEIl. Seventeen hundred and
eighty-seven I meant.
Mr. CONKLING. When all the scholars
and critics of the Senate agree upon the par-
ticular matter on which I should be set right,
I will submit with great deference. In the
mean time I repeat, that Nathan Dane drew
this ordinance in 1784, I think, and Thomas
Jefferson in 1787, and I shall acknowledge
myself liable to correction whenever my.hon-
orable friends produce the evidence.
Mr. SUMNER. It is just the reverse; in
1787 Mr. Jefferson was in Europe represent-
ing the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. So be it.. It is danger-
ous to differ with the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, but I think we can all agree
upon one thing, and that is of how little it is
to the purpose to which I was proceeding,
whethor Jefferson drew it in 1784, and Nathan
Dane in 1787, or whether it was vice versa.
So lot me go on to say that it became een-
spicuous in 1787, and that the Constitution ®f
the United States was not then in existence,
that the Government was going on under the
Articles of Confederation with the Congress
of the Confederation. My recollection is fur-
ther, that the tferms of this ordinance were
embraced in the deed of cession by which the
State of Virginia ceded the lands northwest
of the Ohio river.
Mr. MORTON. I think the Senator from
New York is clearly mistaken in that. The
deed of cession from Virginia to the Congress
of the Confederation is silent upon these ques-
tions. I have examined it.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from In-
diana may be right, although I have the recol-
lection of several Senators around me fortifying
my own. My recollecton was that this provis-
ion, in substancc, was in the deed of cession;
but I will not dogmatize about that^ However,
the point at which I am driving is this: the
inception of that ordinance was anterior to the
Constitution of the United States. It did not,
therefore, arise under the Constitution of the
United States. I think I might stop here in
speaking of this illustration, because already
the bearings and the elements of the question
are so changed that I think my honorable
friend from Illinois will agree with me that
there is no accuracy of deduction or analogy
to be derived from it. But, sir, more than
that, the Senator knows as well as I do how
frequently and how successfully even that in-
strument, standing behind the Constitution as
it does, has been challenged and criticised.
Surely he knows this, and therefore it seems
to mc that if he cites it as a precedent merely
for the weight to which it is entitled as a pre-
cedent, it is an unfortunate illustration, because
it comes incumbered and impaired with in-
numerable criticisms and innumerable denials.
But it is enough for me to say that it did not
arise under the Constitution of the United
States, and that it did not present at all the
question which is presented to the mind of my
friend and to the mind of every other lawyer
upon the bill now before us.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from New
York allow me at this time to correct a state-
ment of the Senator from Illinois ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I remember well the his-
tory of those petitions in regard to suspending
the ordinance of 1787 for ten years. They were
sent up in 1806 and in 1807, and were reported
against by John Randolph ; but they were sent
up while Indiana was a Territory and confess-
edly under the government of the Government
of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; and in that
same connection the Senator from Indiana
might have added that, in point of fact, it is of
disgraceful notoriety that slavery did exist
wherever anybody chose to have slavery exist,
despite this ordinance and in the Territory to
which it applied. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Yates] says he denies that, but he says
it in a tone so mild and so low that I think
he hardly means to deny it. I understand the
historical fact to be undisputed, not that slavery
as a general and universal thing existed ; I do
not mean that; but that instances occurred all
the time of slaves being held in the_territory
northwest of the river Ohio, the ordinance to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
New York will allow me, I will state that they
held what they called French slaves, and bought
and sold tliem in Illinois long after it became
a State, and that they have what they called
indentured servants under the territorial laws
—a species of slavery in fact existing there for
a long time.
Mr. SUMNER. In defiance of law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is my opinion,
but still it was so in point of fact.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Senator from Massachusetts; but the state-
ment he has just made is what logicians call
a pelitio prineipii. That is just the point upon
which dispute would arise, and did arise,
whether it was in defiance of law or not.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
state that as a matter of fact, as my colleague
will remember, there were not one thousand
slaves at any time in Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A very small number.
Mr. YATES. A very small number ; but
slaves were taken to Missouri, and it became a
slave State, while Illinois became a free State
under the ordinance of 1787, but for which it
would have been settled by slaveholders as
Missouri was. Now, the question I desired to
suggest was this: after Illinois or any other
State formed out of the Northwest Territory
came into the Union under the ordinance of
1787, would it have the right to change its
constitution aud become a slave Slate? That
question was raised in the argument on the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, namely,
whether Congress could, by a fundamental
condition, so determine the character of a State
and control its legislation as to prevent a State
from having slavery after its admission into the
Union.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask the Senator
did any of those States attempt to do it?
