1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
1648
Mr. BINGHAM. The power to send for
per,sons and papers was definitely given before
to the committee to prepare and report articles
of impeachment. The same power certainly
ought to be given to the board of managers.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to this general au-
thority to committees to investigate conversa-
tions and matters of that kind.
The question was upon agreeing to the res-
olutions offered by Mr. Bixuham._
Mr. KERR. Upon that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there were—
ayes 21, noes 95; not one fifth voting in the
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Bingham were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes twenty-nine,
noes not counted.
So (the affirmative having more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. HIGBY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes thirty-four,
noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on the resolutions
offered by Mr. Bingham ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 27, not vot-
ing 06 ; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Allison. Amos, Delos E. Ashley,
James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Banks Bearaan, Beatty,
Bingham, Blnine, Boutwell, Bioomall. Butler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon. Donnelly, Dmgs.hs-
prleston, Eliot, I'arnfworth, Fornss, l'crry, tiiirtiold,
Gravely, (rriswold, Halsoy, llordins, lhsrby. Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. -Hubbard, Uulburd,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Judd, Julian, ivelley,
Kelsey. Ketcham, Kitchen, Ivoont/,, Laflin, (ieorge
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan.
Loushridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy,
McCiurg, Mercur, Miller. Moore, Morvell, Myers,
O'Neill, Oith, Perham, Polslcy, Pomoroy, Pnoo,
ltaum, Robertson, Sawver, Behenck, bcohckl.blianks,
Smith, Starkweather. Thaddeus Stevens, laile tay-
lor, Thomas, Xwiohell, Upson, Van Acrnam, Robert
T Van Horn, Ward, CadwaladerC. Washburn. Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker. Thomas Williams, James
P. Wilson, John X. Wilson, Wmdom, and Wood-
^NAYS—Messrs-Barnum, Beck, Brooks, Burr, Cary,
Eldridge, Golladay.Grover. Ilaight, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mar-
shall, MoCormick, Morgan. Nihlack, Nicholson,
Pruyn. Ross, Sitgreaves, Taber, Lawrence b. Irim-
ble, and Van Trump—27.
NOT VOTING-Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
<Vrnell, Axtell, Bailey. Baker, Barnes, Benjamin,
Benton, Blair, Boyer, Bromwell, Bucliland, Cake,
Chanlcr, Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Dodge, Leklcy,
Ula, Fields, Finney, Fox, GeU, Glo=sbi^nnei'. Haw-
kins. Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
I,o°-;m, Maynard, McCullough, Moorhead, Momssoy,
Mullins, Mungcn, Neweomb, Nunn, Paine, Peters,
Phelps Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Randall, Kobm-
son, be'lye, Shellabarger, Spalding, Aaron Ji. btovens,
Stewait, Stokes, Stone, Jonn !™mble, Trowbridge,
Van Aukcn, Burt \ an horn, Van Wyek. Wihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Wllliam Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—Oo.
So the resolutions were adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. O'NEILL said: On iffl these questions
my colleague, Mr. randall, is paired with Mr.
Hubbard, of Iowa.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr BOUTWELL. I withdraw my motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House
yesterday agreed to the several articles of im-
peachment.
leave oi' aiss13nc15.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Paixe for one week.
message from tiib president.
A message from the President of the United
States by Col. W. G. Moore, his Private Sec-
retary, announced that the President, had, on
the 2d instant, approved and signed bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 223) in relation to islands
in the Great Miami river;
An act (H. R. No. 208) extending the time
for the completion of the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad;
An act (H. R. No. 296) to establish and
declare the railroad and bridges of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company as hereafter constructed a post road,
and fo? other purposes ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) authorizing
the Comptroller of the Currency to revoke the
appointment of receiver for the Farmers' and
Citizens' National Bank of Williamsburg, New
York, and to restore said bank to its owners
under certain conditions ; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 104) authoriz-
ing the transmission through the mails free of
postage of certain testimonials by the adjutant
generals of the several States.
impeachment of t1ie president.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a question of
privilege, and offer the following as an addi-
tional article in the impeachment of the Presi-
dent of the United States:
That Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, has heretofore, and within the District of Co-
lumbia and elsewhere within the United States, being
actuated by the unlawful intcntand design to assume
and exercise the control and command 01 the armies
oftheUnited Stateswithoutbein/r bound by tho laws
establishing rules lor the government and regulation
of tho land and naval forces of the UmtedStates,
passed by the Congress of the United btates in pur-
suance of the powers granted to Congress.lor said pur-
pose by the Constitution ot tlio United Mates, and to
exercise the functions of Ooniniandcr-in-Ghiet ol said
armies otherwise than in aoeordaneo with the pro-
visions of said laws, and to prevent said armies and
tho officers thereof from being the instruments ot the
execution ot the laws oftheUnited btatcs, and espe-
cially of an act entitled " An act for tho more cfll-
eicnt government of the rebel States, passed March
2 A. )>. 18(17, find the additional acts supplementary
theioto and in amendment thereof, unlawfully and
willfully and unminiliul of the duties of his olhce as
President of the United Stales, and during: tho term
for which he is entitled todischarge thodutiesot said
office, and in violation of the Constitution and laws
of the United States and of his oath of office, and
especially of the acts of Congress prescribing rules
lor the government and legulation of the land ana
I naval forces of the United States, and of the act,
' being one of said acts, approved March 2.18b/, enti-
tled 44 An act making appropriations lor the support
of tho Army for tho year ending June 30, A. J)., I«b ,
and for other purposes," and also of the act a pproved
July 31, A. IX, 1861, entitled An act to define and
punish certain conspiracies," and also ot the act en-
titled "An act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices," passed March 2, A. 1). ISh/and also ot that
clauso of the Constitution-of the United btatcs winch
declares, that Congress shall have power to est* b-
lish rules for tho Government and regulation ot the
land and naval iorees of the United btatcs, and
also of that other clause ot the Constitution of the
United States which declares that the President shall
have power to "nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate sliall appoint, em-
bassadors and other public ministers and consuls,
judges of the Supreme Court, and all other olheois
of tho United States whoso appointments are not
herein," that is to say, in said Constitution, other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by
law;" and also of that other clause of tho Constitu-
tion which requires tho President to see that the
laws are faithfully executed, attempted to obtain
■and exercise control and command oi said armies ot
the United States a.nd of the ottiecrs thereof and has
attempted to remove the chief oljicor in tho War lie
partment, being the Secretary of the Department of
War and the head tlieieof, and has attempted to np-
point another person to perioral the duties ox oec
retary of War ad interim, when no vacancy had
occurred in said office under the laws creating ^d
governing the same, and has also, acting under the
willful and criminal intent and design aforesaid, at
the city of AVaslungton, in the District ot Columbia,
on the 21st day of February, A. IX 1W>S, by wribng,
signing, and delivering to the Secretary ot \\ ai,
Edwin M. Stanton, a letter in substance as follows,
towlt' Executive Mansion,
"washington, d. c., February 21, 186
Sat- By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me, as President, by the Constitution and laws ot
the United States, you are hereby removed irorn
office as Secietary tor the Department ot War, ana
yo ur functions as such will terminate upon the receipt
of this communication. . it,,™,,,,
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenio
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as  ^oc-
retary of War ad interim., all records, books, papers,
and other public property now in your custody ana
^Respectfully yours. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Washington, I). (J.
And also at said city of Washington, in said Dis-
trict of Columbia, on said 21st day oft February, A.
I). 1868, by writing, signing, and delivering to one
Lorenzo Thomas a letter purporting to be a letter ot
authority, in substance as follows, to wit:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. O., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary forth© Department
of War, you are hereby authorized and empowered to
act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will imme-
diately enter upon the discharge of the duties per-
taining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and chars:©. _
Respectfully yours, ANDHEW JOHNSON.
To Brevet MajorGoneral Lorknzo Thomas, Adjviant
General United Slates Army, Washington, D. V.
Attempted to create a vacancy in the office of Sec-
retary of War without warrant therefor, either by tho
Constitution or laws, and with the same willful and
criminal intent and design as aforesaid attempted to
fill the supposed vacancy thus unlawfully sought to be
created by the actual appoint mentofthc said Lorenzo
Thomas as Secretary of War ad interim, when no
vacancy had in law or in fact occurred within the true
meaning and intent of the Constitution and laws,
and without the advice and consent of tho Senate of
the United States, then in session, and theroupon did
induce and persuade and undertake to authorize tho
said Thomas, by the letter aforesaid, and by other
communications with him, the said Thomas, to at-
tempt to enter upon tho performance of the duties
of the office of Secretary of War ad interim, and
did thereby cause him to undertake to perform the
duties of said office, contrary to law, and by force
to prevent, hinder, and delay the execution of the
laws of the United States hereinbefore referred to,
and did cause him, the said Thomas, to attempt by
forco to seize, tako, and possess tho property of the
United States in and underthecontrol of theDepart-
ment of War, against the will and contrary to the
authority of the United States, and did cause him,
the said Thomas, and in conspiracy with him,, con-
trary to the statute aforesaid, did join with him to
prevent tho. said Edwin M. Stanton fiom holding tho
office ofSeeretaryofWar asaforc^aid, and did thereby
undertake to assume and exercise the functions of
Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the United
States, and to issue orders as such Commander-in-
Chief, and to conspire with the said Lorenzo Thomas
and others to have such pretended letters ot author-
ity obeyed as lawful orders, notonly without warrant
of law, but contrary to the provisions of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, as herein set
forth, and with tho unlawful and criminal mtent on
the part of said Andrew Johnson, as President ox the
Uniled States, to obstruct, delay, and hinder the ex-
ecution of the laws as aforesaid, and to assume a
power and discretion not authorized by the Consti-
tution and laws of tho United States, whereby he then
and there in manner aforesaid has beentfguilty of a
high crime in office.
Mr. EED1UDGE. I wish to present a prop-
osition in regard to the impeachment of the
President of the United States to be put in
print, that it may be on our tables in the morn-
ing. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That can only be pre-
sented by unanimous consent, as there is one
aiticle now pending, unless the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. jknokes] would consent to
accept it as an amendment to his proposition.
Mr. JENCKES. I cannot yield for that. I
yield to the gentleman from California [Mr.
Htgby] that he may move an adjournment.
Mr. HIGBY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to j there being—
ayes 54, noes 35 ; and the Ilouse (at five
o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: „ _
By the SPEAKER: The petition of J. M.
Dickerson, of Kosciusko, Mississippi, praying
that disabilities incurred by participation in
the rebellion may be removed from John M.
Churning. . , . ,
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of Bishop
Hennessev, of Dubuque, Iowa, asking to be
allowed to preempt a certain piece ot public
land in Dubuque, Iowa, known as the "grave
yard "
By Mr. DBIGGS: The petition of William
P Spauldiug and 100 others, of Lake Superior,
Michigan, praying Congress for an increased
duty on imported copper.
By Mr. FAUNS'WORTH: The petition of
publishers of papers in the city of Chicago,
Illinois, asking to have the benefit of the law
allowing one paper to each subscriber to pass
