1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
through the mail free in the county of public-
ation.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of James M.
Eggleston and 21 others, citizens, praying for a
general reduction of the number of etnploy6s
of the Government and the consequent lessen-
ing of theexpenses and burdens of taxation
of the nation.
By Mr. KELLEY: The remonstrance of the
journeymen cigar-makers and manufacturers
of cigars in the fourth district of Pennsylvania
against alaw requiring a stamp to be attached
to each cigar.
By Mr. HARDING: A memorial of Board of
Trade of Rock Island, Illinois, for early con-
struction of ship-canal to connect Great Lake
with Mississippi river.
By Mr. HUMPHREY: Resolution of the
Board of Trade of the city of Buffalo, New
York, asking for the completion of the harbor
improvements at that place upon the plan
recommended by Major General T. J. Cram,
United States engineer, and that the necessary
appropriations be made therefor.
Also, the petition, &c., for the relief of
Luther McNeal, late postmaster at Lancaster,
Erie county, New York.
By Mr. LINCOLN: A memorial of James
Fowler, Kirtland & Co., of New York.
_ By Mr. _McCARTHY: The petition of 80
citizens of Manlius, New York, asking for a
reduction of the expenses of the Government
to a peace basis, a corresponding reduction of
taxes, and an adjustment of the revenue laws
so as to keep the balance of trade in our favor.
By Mr. MORKELL: Three several petitions
from citizens of the seventeenth congressional
district of Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal
of the Iaws_ establishing what is known as the
"warehousing system," and that the system
be abolished.
By Mr. MOORE. The petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, setting forth that the harbor
at Atlantic City, Absecom inlet, New Jersey,
is endangered by reason of encroachment of
the sea, and praying action on the subject.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The resolution of the
councils of the city of Philadelphia, urging
Congress to exempt the city ice-boat from
United States taxes.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of George
Esterly and others, of Wisconsin, for reduc-
tion of Federal taxation and expenditures.
Also, the petition of Levi Blossom and
others, of Milwaukee, for the abolition of the
bonded warehouse system.
Also, the petition of T. C. Hawkins, of Wis-
consin, for pension.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: A memorial of
Lawrence F. Frazee, the inventor and pat-
entee of a metallic life-boat, praying for such
action on the part of Congress as will secure
its adoption in the marine service of the Uni-
ted States.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The petition of
233 citizens of the United States, asking for
such readjustment of the revenue laws as will
protect American labor and restore the bal-
ance of trade to this country, and thus retain
the products of our gold and silver mines at
home.
By Mr. TAYLOR: Two remonstrances from
printers of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, against
passage of international copyright law.
Also, a remonstrance from bookbinders of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, against passage
of international copyright law.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 4, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Ghay, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
communication from tiie chief justice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received a communication from the Chief
Justice of the United States, with a request
that it be laid before the Senate this morning
for their consideration, which communication
will be read, if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
Inasmuch as the sole power to trv impeachments
is vested by the Constitution in the Senate, and it is
made the duty of the Chief Justice to preside when
the President is 011 trial, 1 take the liberty of sub-
mitting, very lespcetiully, some observations in
respect to the proper mode of proceeding upon the
impeachment which has been preferred by the House
of Representatives against the President now in
office. _ _ *
That when the Senate sits for the trial of an im-
peachment it sits as a court seems unquestionable.
That for the tnalof an impeachment of the Pres-
ident, this court must be constituted of the members
of the Senate, with the Chief Justice prcsiding,sceiiis
equally unquestionable.
The Federalist is regarded as the highest contem-
porary authority on the construction of the Consti-
tution : and 111 the sixty-fourth number the functions
of the Senate "sitting in their judicial capacity as a
court for the trial of impeachments'* are examined.
In a paragraph explaining the reasons for not
uniting "the Supreme Couit with the Senate in the
formation of the court of impeachments" it is ob-
served that "to a ceitain extent the benefits of that
union will be obtained from making the Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court the president of the court of
impeachments, as is proposed in the plan of the con-
vention, whilo the inconveniences of an entire incor-
poration of the former into the latter will be sub-
stantially avoided. This was, perhaps, the prudent
mean."
This authority seems to leave no doubt upon
cither of the propositions just stated. And thostate-
ment of them will serve to introduce the question
upon which X think it my duty to state the result of
my reflections to the Senate,namely, at what period,
in the case of an impeachment of the President,
should the uouit of impeachment be organized
under oath as directed by the Constitution V
It will readily suggest itself to any one who reflects
upon the abilities and the learmngin the law which
distinguish so many Senators that besides the reason
assigned in the Federalist there must have been still
another for theprovision requiring the Chief Justice
to preside in the court of impeachment. Under the
Constitution, in case of a vacancy in the office of
President tho Vice President succeeds; and it was
doubtless thought prudent and befitting that the
next in succession should not preside in a proceed-
ing through which a vacancy might be created.
# it is not doubted that tho Senate, while sitting in
its ordinary capacity, must necessarily receive from
the House of Representatives some notice of its
intention to impeach the President at its bar; but it
does not seem to 1110 an unwarranted opinion, in view
of this constitutional provision, that the oiganiza-
tion of thct Senate as a court of impeachment, under
the Constitution, should precede tho actual an-
nouncement of the impeachment on the part of the
House.
And it may perhaps be thought a still less unwar-
ranted opinion that articles of impeachment should
only be presented to a court of impeachment; that no
summons 01* other process should is*uo except from
the organized court, and that rules for the govern-
ment of the proceedings of such a court should be
framed only by the court itself.
I have found myself unable to come to any other
conclusions than these. I can assign no reason for
requiring the Senate to organize as a court under
any other than its ordinary Presiding Officer, for the
laterproceedings upon an impeachment of the Presi-
dent, which does not seem to mo to apply equally to
the ea.rlier.
I am informed that tho Senate has proceeded
upon other views; and it is not my purpose to contest
what its superior wisdom may have diiected.
All good citizens will fervently pray that no occa-
sion may ever arise when the grave proceedings now
in pi ogress will be cited as a precedent; but it is not
impossible that such an occasion may come.
Inasmuch, therefore, as the Constitution has
charged tho Chief Justice with an important func-
tion in the trial of an impeachment of the President,
it has seemed to me fitting and obligatory, where he
is unable to concur in the views of the Senate con-
cerning matters essential to the trial, that his respect-
ful dissent should appear. S. 1\ CHASE,
Chief Justice of the United Stales.
Washington. March 4,1868.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the document
bo printed and lie on the table.
IhePRESIDEN'Tpro tempore. That order
will be entered.
Mr. HOWARD. And I will move further
that it be referred to tho select committee on
the subject of impeachment.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT^rotorepore presented the
petition of the veteran corps of the war of 1812,
praying for the passage of a law to pension the
soldiers of that war : which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER, ^present the memorial of
the members ot the New England Association
of Soldiers of the War of 1812, in which they
ask for pensions from Congress. This memo-
rial ia signed by Thomas Aspinwall as presi-
dent, the same who lost an arm 011 the Cana-
dian frontier in the war of 1812, and who was
for a long time the respected consul of the
United States at London. I ask the reference
of this memorial to the Committee on Pensions.
It was so referred.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of
Edward J. Mallett, praying for compensation
for services rendered by him as consular agent
at Florence, Italy; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Daniel V. Colclazer, Constantia Rives, and
Rosa A. Gantt. praying for compensation for
property destroyed by the rebels in their raid
on Washington, in July, 18G4 ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. YATES presented four petitions of cit-
izens of Dakota Territory, praying for the
organization of all that portion of said Terri-
tory lying west of the one hundred and fourth
meridian, west longitude, into a separate terri-
torial organization ; which were referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Merritt Barber, first lieutenant thirty-fourth
United States infantry, praying for such action
by Congress as will secure to him the position
to which he thinks he is entitled on the Army
register and regimental roster ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Military Affairs and
the Militia.
_ Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of sur-
viving soldiers of the war of 1812, 1813, and
1814, praying that a pension be granted them,
and lo the widows of such as are deceased or
may hereafter die; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a "memorial
of manufacturers of cigars, of the tenth con-
gressional district of the State of Indiana, re-
monstrating against the passage of the bill
proposing a change in the mode of stamping
cigars; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. ROSS, it was
Ordered, That Black Beaver, a Delaware Indian,
have leave to withdraw his petition from the files ot
the Senate, and that they be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
report from a committee.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 293) to grant lands and aid to the Port
iioyal Railroad Company, in the States of
South Carolina and Georgia, reported it with
an amendment, accompanied by a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of 1 rennessee, asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 414) for the relief of
11. W. Edinondson; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
415) to create a%a,dditional land district in the
t erritory of Dakota, to be called the Pembina
district; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred lo the Committee 011 Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 117) to authorize the erection
of a warehouse at I'ort Monroe, Virginiaj
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee 011 Military Affairs and the
Militia.
oeoiige henry pkeblb.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that all prior orders
be postponed and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 351.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. Sol) for the relief of Captain George
Henry Pieble, a commander in the Navy of
the United States, was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
