144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Kentucky Election—Mr. JDawes.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
soil in the hands of a handful of men who are
already rich, and create in the progress of time
a nation of tenants? The most precious wealth
of a republic is an independent and prosperous
people. Will we promote this, sir, by central-
izing the wealth of the soil and creating a
nation of landlords with overgrown estates and
hopeless tenants? And yet, sir, every grant
this nation is making of these millions of acres
to favored corporations tend to that result. I
will never vote, sir, for a measure so manifestly
hostile to our free institutions, I care not what
may be the pretense. There is always, sir, a
specious pretense in behalf of th-e demands of
rapacious capital.
The question here is plain and direct: Shall
these lands be given to our landless and home-
less peoole or to these corporations? I cannot
hesitate in deciding this question for myself. I
should have voted against the original grants ;
I shall now vote against renewing these grants
when these corporations Lave forfeited all claim
upon the lauds. If I had voted for the enor-
mous grants which have been made in the
last eight years to railroad corporations in
Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kan-
sas, and Nebraska, I should vote on the same
principle to grant these lands to the railroad
corporations of tlie southern States. The re-
sults would be (he same, for whether the
lands are in the West or the South the grants
are, in fact, made to the great capitalists
of New York, of London, and of Paris, who
are in fact the corporators and receive the
benefit of these grants. Gentlemen refer com-
placently to the benefits we have derived from
the grant of lands to the Illinois Central rail-
road, and urge as an argument for these grants
that the roads constructed by such grants
transport our troops and munitions of war free
of charge. 'The war has proved this to be a
miserable delusion. The choice lands of Illi-
nois, of the estimated value of $47,000,000,
were granted to that company. The road was
actually constructed by the land grant, but
when war came were your troops and munitions
of war transported over that road free of
charge? No, sir. In spite of the united vote
of this House that corporation received from
your Secretary of War their full charges for
such transportation, exceeding $3,000,000, and
that road was and still is the property of British
capitalists, and pours its annual flood of wealth
into British coffers.
It is urged that these land grants cncourage
the construction of railroads and develop the
resources of the country. If the business of
the country require them railroads will be
constructed, and constructed, too, by the cap-
italists who are to reap their benefits. By the
land grants the best of the public lands are
monopolized; they embrace every alternate
section to the width of twenty miles, as is now
your policy, for the entire length of the road,
with the permission to select the most valua-
ble sections within the width of fifty miles •
and the whole lands are withheld from the act-
ual settler until the agents of the corporation
have selected the choice of the lands. These
lands are held by the corporations until en-
Iianced in value by the labor of enterprising
settlers on adjacent lands. Their price is be-
yond the reach of any but wealthy purchasers;
ana thus, sir, these more than princely estates,
these imperial possessions, granted to favored
corporations, are placed forever beyond the
reach of the laboring people, who, of all others,
are entitled to the munificence of the Govern-
ment. In vain, sir, under this system of land
monopoly, will the laboring citizen, with his
wife and children, emigrate to the South or
^ est, hoping by honest labor to improve his
fortunes and give to his children a foothold on
the face of the green earth. In a very short
petiod, sir, he will find every inviting spot
already seized upon by these wealthy favorites
of Congress, and will remain, in spite of his
manly struggles and his patient labor, home-
less and landless, and his children become in
time the hopeless tenants of lands which should
have been their own; and this is done on the
pretense of developing the resources of the
country, but done, indeed, sir, in a spirit of
unworthy favoritism, that a few wealthy citi-
zens may erect still more statety palaces in
your great cities and riot in the excesses of
wealth, consigning how many to a hopeless
poverty?
Individuals are taught by the lessons of
example, but a nation never takes counsel
from the experience of other nations. The
hopeless peasantry to which the masses of the
people in every nation of Europe are reduced
excites with us 110 apprehensions, for the public
lands seem still inexhaustible. Is it not time,
sir, that we should know that monopoly is rap-
idly appropriating every acre of public land
that is fit for cultivation?
No fact has been more uniformly asserted by
the far-seeing statesmen of this Republic than
that the permanency of our free institutions is
greatly dependent 011 securing to the great body
of our people an independent freehold in the
soil. And who can doubt this, sir ? Popular
government can only be created or maintained
by a body of independent citizens. IIow insep-
arably is monarchy connected with a landed
aristocracy and a nation of dependent tenants,
with a strong government to maintain the
ascendancy of the one and the submission of
the other. Hence standing armies are every-
where the agents of power. No nation ever
had such an opportunity as ours to establish
the permanency of free institutions in the gen-
eral distribution of the lands and the inde-
pendent freehold of the citizen, for we are
necessarily a nation of farmers. We could
not be a free people if we were not. The rich
inheritance ot the nation was a vast domain
of virgin soil, inviting, by its fertility, the free-
man to manly independence and virtuous labor.
Who can doubt., sir, that it was the true policy
of the nation to hold the public lands—this
bountiful gift of nature—not for speculation,
nor to invest with princely estates favored
classes, but in trust for the whole people, to
secure as a homestead to every tiller of the
soil the land on which he labored and which
lie enriched by the sweat of his brow. The
reverse has been our policy; and I submit, sir,
in view of the future of this country, that the
policy which secures to the few enormous
landed estates, condemning multitudes of la-
boring men to the remorseless cupidity of the
landlord, is a monstrous crime against repub-
lican government, and that the most fatal of
all the mistakes which we and our fathers have
made in these eighty years is the mistake of
permitting this land monopoly, on the pretense
of developing the resources of the country,
enriching the nation at the expense of the
manhood of its people, implanting into this
new Republic the curse of the old monarchies,
the monopoly of the lands, reducing the nation
to the decrepitude of old age when it should be
in the early vigor of youth. That the mistake
is but partially seen and now scarcely felt only
renders it the more fatal.
The absurdity of the proposition that these
enormous grants of lands to corporations are
necessary to develop the country is manifest
when we remember that great States of this
Union were covered with prosperous homo-
steads and filled with an intelligent and virtu-
ous people without any such appliances. The
gradual and even the slow growth of a State
is better than its rapid growth and the central-
ization of its wealth.
The measures of Congress in the last six
jyears have been fatal to the homestead policy.
That great and beneficent measure, which was
first brought before Congress by the present
Chief Executive, and assumed the form of law
after the Republican party came into power,
and which received, I believe, every vote of
this House, has been rendered virtually inoper-
ative by these enormous grants of lands to cor-
porations.
Since I have been honored with a seat on
this floor I have never known the time when
some ingeniously devised bill giving millions
of acres to some favored corporation was not
slowly but surely wending its way step, by step,
through the two Houses of Congress, and
backed, too, by a powerful lobby; but I have
never seen a lobby here, sir, in the interests of
the people, in the interests of labor. These
land monopolists exulted in the opportunities
furnished them by the war. W fiile the heart of
the nation quivered the railroad corporations
were pushing forward their bills! And such
has been the liberality of Congress, in the
eagerness to develop the resources of the coun-
try, that iu the new States and 'Territories, with
as yet but a handful of people, there is but
little public land left for the landless citizen,
and monopoly is grasping at it all.
During these six years Congress has granted
to these corporations one hundred and twenty-
five million acres of the choicest of the public
lands. One hundred and twenty-five million
acres 1 And within the same period you have
granted for colleges over seven and a half mil-
lion acres, the scrip for which has been sold
at a nominal price ; three hundred and ninety
thousand acres of which, granted to my own
State, sold for less than sixty cents per acre.
A few men have monopolized it all. Thegrants
to the States for common schools have been in
the interests of the people, while all these other
grants have manifestly been iu the interests of
monopolies, and wholly unjustified by any
sound public policy. A few more years of this
policy and the public lands will be wholly ap-
propriated. Congress, in its eagerness to pto-
rnote the fortunes of favored citizens, wealthy
capitalists, will not have left an acre of laud,
even on the barren peaks of the Rocky mount-
ains, upon which the laboring man may estab-
lish his homestead. And then, sir. labor, even
for a home, is forever at the mercy of capital,
lhese six years have been fatal years in our
history; memorable years, sir, in the display
of the self-denial and patriotism of our people,
yet fatal in the measures of public policy, in
the centralization of political power, in the
centralization of wealth, and in the monopoly
of the public lands.
And yet, sir, in spite of all this, who would
abandon the pleasing hope that this nation will
again listen to the counsels of that great states-
man of a better era who assured his coun-
trymen " that it is not in a splendid Govern-
ment, supported by powerful monopolies and
aristocratical establishments, that they will
nnd happiness or their liberties protection ;
but in a plain system, void of pomp, protect-
ing all, granting favors to none, dispensing its
blessings like the dews of heaven, unseen and
untelt save in the freshness and beauty thev
contribute to produce."
Kentucky Election—Disloyalty a Disqual-
ification.
SPEECH OF HON. HENKYL. DAWES,
of massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1868.
. TIle House having under consideration the follow-
ing resolution reportedby the Committee of Elections
in the contested-election ea«e of Smith « . Brown
trom the second congressional district of Kentucky:
Resolved. That John Yonner Brown, having volun-
tarily gi\en aid, countenance, counsel and eneour-
gJl gttotP°^PI,s ensaK«\ in aimed hostility to tlie
office
r-Is ll0,llse from tho second
theism ; 1 fj rI0t of Kentucky, or to hold a seat
taeiem as such Hepresentalive—
Mr. DAWES said:
Mr. Speaker: The Committee of Elections,
lully conscious of the importance of this case,
