5668
Till CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Mr. YATES. There were attempts in Illi-
nois repeatedly to make it a slave State.
Mr. CONKLING. What I mean is, did the
people of Illinois ever attempt it by establish-
ing a slave constitution ?
Mr. YATES. No; but it was the doctrine
of one of the political parties that Illinois had
the right to settle the question for herself not-
withstanding the ordinance of 1787, and in
defiance of the power of Congress. What I
mean to say is that in those cases Congress
imposed a prohibition or condition similar in
point of principle to that which has been pro-
posed in the House of Representatives and
attached to this bill. I see no earthly objection
to it, and I think the precedents are in favor
of it, and I mention these two which I think
applicable.
Mr. CONKLfNG. Let me say a word to
tlie Senator, if he will allow me. In the first
place, I think he will admit that his first pre-
cedent, in the light of all that we agree upon
now as to the facts, is so badly damaged and
encumbered that it does not amount to very
much. In the next place, he will admit that
neither Illinois nor any other State ever made
the attempt by adopting a slave constitution to
establish slavery, and nothing of the kind
occurred unless he goes into political conven-
tions and reads the resolutions of politicians.
Suffice it to say they never erected slave con-
stitutions in the five northwestern States, and
therefore the question never arose in any tangi-
ble form. But let me bring him down to a
time when it did arise, a time when the Wilmot
proviso was offered in Congress and when the
land rang with a similar discussion which re-
vived the echoes of those which had gone before.
Does not the Senator remember that the
most enthusiastic supporters of the Wilmot
proviso put it upon the ground that there
would be virtue and effect in it so long as the
Territories to which it applied remained Ter-
ritories, but that the sovereignty of a State
would accrue, and the proviso would cease to
operate when they became States; and did not
they arguein Illinois and everywhere else that
then, despite the Wilmot proviso, those State
would have the same sovereignty that Illinois
has, and could establish such a constitution
as they pleased ? Most certainly they did.
That was the ground taken by the most radi-
cal men, if I may use that expression, who
were the advocates of the Wilmot proviso. It
was always conceded that that was the doc-
trine; and when Mr. Webster undertook to
argue that the Almighty had placed his pro-
viso, as I think he expressed it, upon our Ter-
ritories, and had established an isothermal
line north of which, for reasons of climate and
of race, negroes could not live, and they had
better let it be, he was met by the argument,
among others to which I have referred, that
this proviso ought to be applied to those Ter-
ritories for abundant caution, and leave it to
their discretion as States, when they becamg
States, to the laws of climate and other things
to regulate their eventual institutions. Is not
that so, sir?
And was it not in the face of the concession
commonly made, that the proviso would cease
when the Territories became States, that the
ground was taken that Congress ought not to
admit any more slave States?
Now, let us go to the Missouri compromise
for one moment—I shall be very brief in
answering the questions which I am very glad
to answer, propounded by the Senator as to the
Missouri compromise. First of all what has
become of the Missouri compromise in the legal
tribunals of the country? I hear gentlemen
latterly in this body, on all sides, disposed to
concede that the Supreme Courtis the supreme
and final arbiter of all constitutional questions
to bind all the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment. That doctrine seems to be greatly
in fashion just now; in fashion to a degree
which surprises me, I admit, but in the light
of the prevailing doctrine as to the function
and dominion of the Supreme Court upon these
questions, I ask the honorable Senator from
Illinois what becomes of the illustration fur-
nished by the Missouri compromise?
The proviso in that resolution which we have
been discussing has never been drawn in ques-
tion, and it stands in fact, however it may in
theory ; but the Missouri compromise has been
drawn in question not only in the Supreme
Court, but there has been a grapple for the
mastery on this floor over the Missouri com-
promise, and in that grapple that compromise
fell, and great was the fall of it. I do not say
that this result was right, far from it; I am not
expressing my opinion about that now ; I am
speaking of the historical fact in the face of
which the Senator asks me to yield to the Mis-
souri compromise as a precedent—a precedent
how? A precedent historically, legally, and
judicially, when we know that, weighed in all
three of these balances, it has been found
wanting by those who at the time had the
power, however much they abused it, to determ-
ine whether it was wanting or not. That is
mj' answer in part; I could go mor^ fully into
the Missouri compromise, but suffice it to say
that "both these attempts at compacts have
been of doubtful success, and that they are
not in principle like the proposition before us.
Their violation was wanton and wicked, and
sad enough in the later case ; but these are the
facts, and history, we are told, repeats itself.
Mr. WILSON, Mr. President  
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend give way
for a moment? I should like to call up the
resolution to fix a day of adjournment, so that
we may work accordingly.
Mr. WILSON. To fix the day of adjourn-
ment?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will not
ask that of us. At the rate we are going on
at the present time we shall not be able to ad-
journ on the fourth Monday of December.
[Laughter.] Mr. President, I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business. It was understood that the ques-
tion was to be taken on this bill to-day, but it
is evident now that we cannot do it.
The motion was agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
doors are closed the Chair will present the an-
nual report of the operations of the Smith-
sonian Institution for the year 1807.
Mr. THUMBULL submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the report of the Smithsonian Institution lor the
year 1867 be, printed, three thousand tor ttic use of the
Senate,and two thousand tor the Institution; and
that said report be stereotyped: That the
aggregate number of pages of said report shall not
exceed four hundred and fifty, without illustrations
except those furnished by the institution.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. CRAGIN". Before the doors are closed
I desire to make a molion that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday,
for the purpose of allowing the carpets to be
taken up and matting put down. ["No!"
"No!"] I merely submit {lie motion; the
Senate can do as they please.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to receive the motion.
Will the Senate entertain it at this time?
["No!" "No!"] Objection is made, and the
motion is not received.
The galleries were cleared and the doors
closed; and after an hour and a half spent in
executive session the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 29, 1868.
The House met at twelve m. Prayer by the
Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtos.
Mr. MORGAN. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker,
to rise to a question of privilege before the
reading of the Journal?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The Clerk began the reading of the Journal
of yesterday ; but before concluding,
Mr. DAWES asked that the further reading
of the Journal be dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the J ournal.
Before concluding,
Mr. FARNSWORTH asked that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
CHARLES W. WOOLLEY.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a question of privi-
lege, and submit a preamble and resolution,
which I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The SPEAKER. The preamble and reso-
lution will be read, after which the Chair will
rule upon it.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolution,
as follows:
"Whereas it has been the practice in all parlia-
mentary bodies, when the liberty of a citizen was
involved by the investigation or report of aeommit-
tce, to give each political party representation upon
such committee; and whereas in no instance hereto-
fore has an American citizen been deprived of his
liberty by the rcportof astrictlypartisan committee:
Therefore, to vindicate the character of theHouse of
Representatives of the Congress of the United States
from such seeming partisan investigation :
Jhilrevolved. That theSpeaker be instructed to add
two members of the Opposition party of this House
to the committee, to investigate the facts in the ease
of Charles AY. Woolley.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] that
if no resolution of this kind had been pre-
viously introduced he would regard this as a
question of privilege. But precisely the same
resolution, so far as regards the number of the
minority members of this House to be appointed
on this committee, was introduced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyeis,]
That resolution was entertained by the Chair
as a question of privilege, and the House laid
it upon the table. That, however, does not
preclude the gentleman from Ohio from asking
unanimous consent to offer this resolution, or
from presenting it when his State is called for
resolutions, when he has a right to offer a
resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. I will modify my resolu-
tion so as to provide for the appointment of
three members of the Opposition upon this
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the res-
olution,as modified, is a privileged resolution,
being different from the one laid upon the
table.
Mr. BUTLER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Tiie Chair is of opinion
that a single objection cannot prevent the
reception of a privileged resolution.
Mr. UPSON. I raise the question of the
consideration of this resolution by the House
at this time.
The SPEAKER. That question will be sub-
mitted to the House.
Mr. MORGAN. Is not the consideration
of a privileged question always in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have read
the rule upon that subject, to be found upon
page 71 of the Digest. That rule has been
frequently read. Tlie gentleman from Ohio
will see that the rule applies to a question of
privilege, as well as of other questions.
The Clerk read as follows :
""When any motion or proposition is made, the
question AVill the_ House now eouM<ior it?' shall
not be put unless it is demanded by some member
or is deemed necessary by the Speaker: and it is
competent for a member to raise the ctuettion of
consideration upon a report even though* a Question
ot privilege is involved in the report."
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. speaker 
The SPEAKER. The question of consid-
eration is not debatable, it being a question
relative to priority of business.
Mr.,M0RGAN. I desire to make a single
remark. _ I had the floor when the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. TTpsox"] rose. He was
out of order, not I. While I was on the floor,
he^had no right to lake it from me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is incor-
rect. Upon the question of consideration a
