1S68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
member may, under the rule, take another
member from the floor. The gentleman will
remember that rule having been applied, some
days ago, to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Robinson'.] The Chair then ruled, in
accordance with the rulings of previous Speak-
ers, which were at that time cited from the
Journal, that the question of consideration
must be raised instantly upon the introduction
of the resolution ; that it could not be raised at
any subsequent time.
Mr. MOKGAjST. I can well understand why
the majority object to a fair investigation.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House consider the resolution?
Ou the question there were—ayes 89, noes
46; no quorum voting.
Mr. BCJRIt. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. iNGBRSOLL. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not desire to debate
it; I wish to make a suggestion to the gentle-
man who offers the resolution.
The SPEAKER. A suggestion is debate if
it be objected to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand that it
may be in parliamentary phrase, but not neces-
sarily so. I wish to say that I think there will
be no objection on this side to the substance
of the resolution; but I think its form ought
to be modified.
Mr. UPSON. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, are the pre-
amble and resolution divisible?
The SPEAKER. Not on the question of
consideration. If the House should determine
to consider it, then the question will be on the
resolution ; and the preamble and resolution
can b# divided.
Mr. BROOKS. Perhaps the House might
be willing to consider the resolution but not
the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] has the right to modify his res-
olution before the question is taken on consid-
ering it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to move
an amendment?
The SPEAKER. Not pendingthe question
of consideration. The resolution is not yet
before the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it should come before
the House would it be in order to move to
amend the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It would be, unless the
House should second the previous question.
Mr. MORGAN. I withdraw the preamble,
so that the House may vote directly upon the
consideration of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The preamble is with-
drawn. Does the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Upson] still insist upon the question of
consideration ?
Mr. UPSON. I do.
Mr. HA RDING. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER.
before the House.
table.
The question was taken on considering the
resolution; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 53, nays 65, not voting "71 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Baker. Barnes, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Dixon. Eldridge, Ferry,
Gctz, Glossbrermer, Golladay, Griswold, (rrovur,
IlaiKht. Hiffby, Hill.IIotchkiss Chester D. Hubbard,
IngersoU, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Ketehara,
Knott, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Marshall, Mar-
vin, McCormick. Morgan, Niblack. Nicholson, Orth,
Phelps,Pike, Poland, Pomeroy,Robertson, Ross, Sit-
greaves. Smith, Stewart, Stone. Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Trump, ElihuB. Wash^urxic, "Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Beaman, Beatty, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell. Bromwell.Broomall, Butler,
Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Covode,Dodsre,Donnelly, Drigss, Eggleston,
Ela, Ferriss, Fields, Halsey, Harding, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Hunter, Judd, Julian, Kelley. Koonlz, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard,
McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
The resolution is not yet
It cannot be laid on the
head, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Per'
ham, Plants, Polsley, Price, Shellabarger, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Taffe, Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, William B.Washburn.
Welker, William Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Windom—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos^ R.Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Bailey, Baldwin,Banks, Barnum, Benjamin, Benton,
Buckland, Cake, Chauler, Cook, Cornell, Cullom,
Dawes, Eckley,Eliot, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Gar*
field, Gravely, Hawkins, Holman, Asahel W.Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Kelsey, Kitchen, Loan, Logan, Lynch, McCuliough,
Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb, Nunn, Peters, Pile,
Pruyn, Randall, Rauin, Robinson, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Selye, Shanks, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Taber, Taylor, John Trimble, Twiehell, Van
Aernam, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.Washburn. Henry I).
Washburn, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson,
and Stephen F. Wilson—71.
So the House refused to consider tlie reso-
lution.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to consider the
resolution ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOYEIt. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to submit the following resolu-
tion, which will, perhaps, bettermeet the wishes
of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That three members of the House who
voted against the impeachment of the President be
added by appointment ol the Speaker to the com-
mittee authorized to investigate the alleged corrupt
means employed to influence the determination by
the Senate upon the impeachment.
The SPIOAKEU. The Chair rules this is
not a question of privilege. It is substantially
the same as the resolution which the House
has just refused to consider.
Mr. BOYKLi. The other resolution did not
refer generally to the committee, but merely
to the case of Chailes W. Woolley.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
substantially the same, an addition to the same
committee of three members from the Opposi-
tion side of the House.
bkiuue at st. louis.
Mr. WASHBUltNK; of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent, at the re-
quest of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Pile.] to move that the Committee on Com-
merce be discharged from the further consid-
eration of House bill No. Col, amendatory of
an act approved July 20, 1800, entitled "An
act to authorize the construction of certain
bridges," and to establish them as post roads,"
it having been referred to that committee by
mistake, and that it bo referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
carriage of passengers in steamships.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Com-
merce a bill (II. R. No. 1100) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the carnage of
passengers in steamships and other vessels,
and for other purposes,"' to move that it be
ordered to be printed and made the special
order after the bill for the protection of Ameri-
can commerce. It is a most important matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. If that bill be set, down
for a day in June as a special order, when that
day arrives will it take precedence of other
pending special orders?
The SPEAKER. Special orders by unani-
mous consent have priority over all other
special orders, and when the day arrives for
their consideration they will have priority.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will this have priority over
the tax bill ?
T*he SPEAKER. It will on that day.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Then 1 object.
Mr. WASIIBUKNE, of Illinois. This will
be a special order in the House, and the tax
bill is the special order in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. O'NEILL. This is a most important
bill. It is to protect emigrants who now come
here under circumstances that make humanity
shudder.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot; a majority
vote postpone the consideration of the bill if
on that day the tax bill is pending ?
Ihe_ SPEAKER. Whenever any special
order is reached in the House a majority can
postpone it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Underthosecircumstances
I withdraw my objection.
The bill was accordingly received, ordered
to be printed, and made a special order for the
time indicated.
recusant witnesses.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was on the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House adopted the fol-
lowing preamble and resolution, on which the i
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] was
entitled to the floor:
Whereas Charles W. Woolley has been brought
bef >re the committee and the following questions
proposed to him by the committee, to wit:
" Question. The committee desire to know whether
on thotith of May you telegraphed overthesignature
of 4 Hooker' to Sheridan Shook, 'My business is ad-
justed. Place ten to my credit with Gilliss, Harney
Co.. No. 24 Broad street?'
"Que&tion, Hid you also telegraph to Sheridan
Shook, over the signature of' Hooker,' on the 12th of
Mav, 'The five should bo had. it may be absolutely
necessary?'"
which questions "Woolley declined to answer, in the
words following, to wit:
" This is a puvate and confidential communication,
passing between counsel and clicut. It has reference
to business in that relation and to nothing else, and
has no reference whatever to the trial of the President
on the articles of impeachment prefei red against him,
nor to the conduct or result of the trial, nor the vote
of any persons on the trial, nor any allusion thereto
whatever. That is my answer
and whereas Sheridan Shook, the party to whom
said supposed confidential and privileged communi-
cations arc alleged to have been sent, has been ex-
amined by your committee, and testified as follows in
regard to the money mentioned in said telegram:
"By Mr. Butler:
Question. l)o you know Charles W. Woolley ?
"A asiccr. I do.
" Question. How long have you known him ?
"Ansnxr. I do not think I have known him over a
year.
" Question. Have you had business relations with
him ?
" Ansicer. Very little, it an v. I do not know that
I ever had any transaction with him.
" Question. Did lie deposit in your hands last Sun-
day night anv sum of money ?
"-.•lns-u.7?/-. No, sir.
" Question. Of during the day Sunday?
"Ansicer. No, sir.
" Question. Has he ever deposited any sum of money
in yuui hands ?
"Answer. 1 may have borrowed fifty or a hundred
dollars of him at a time,* but he has placed no sum
of money in my hands.
"Question. Have you seen him lately?
" Answer. I have not seen him since the Sunday of
which you speak
and whereas upon the same subject the said Wool-
ley has testified before your committee as follows:
[From the testimony of C. W. Woolley, May 19,1868.]
"By Mr. Butler:
"Question. Have you deposited any money, and
where, since that time, i. e.. May 8 7
".A niv-er. Not in any bank.
" Question. Have you with any individual?
"A/ixtcer. No, sir.
" Question. Then why do you say 1 not in any
bank ?
"-Irtstcer. Beoause it is not to my credit in any
bank.
" By Mr. Wilson:
" Question. What do you mean by that answer?
" Amivp.i\ I mean to say that I have not put it in a
bank. I save if to an individual who was owing me
in New York and told him to keep that money uutil
I arrived there.
"By Mr. Butler:
" Question, Who was that individual?
"Atibirr,-. Sheridan Shook.
" Question. Hwwmuch nioncydidyougivcSheridan
Shook?
1 think between sixteen and seventeen
thousand dolhus, as near as I can get it.
"Question. In what?
" A nsictf. Uieenbacks, I think.
" Qu<i,tion. What denomination of greenbacks?
"Answer. Bii, bills; I cannot tell you. There may
have been hill5!. I think in one package
I pave him some miui11 bills.
"Question. When did you give this to Sheridan
Shook?
"Answer. Sunday.
" Question. At what time?
lu the afternoon; I cannot tell the
hour.
"Question. Before or after you were summoned
here ?
"Answer. Before, I thiol?.
