1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MAHALA A. STRAIGHT.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(EL 11. No. 373) to place thename of Mahala
A. Straight upon the pension-roll of the United
States were taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to "strike out "A"
after " Mahala'' and insert " M ;" to insert
after the word " deceased" the words "late a
private in company E, one hundred and twenty-
ninth regiment Illinois volunteers to insert
after the words " United States" the words
'' and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the otli
day of September, in the year 1862, and to
continue during her widowhood;" also to
amend the title by striking out " A " after
"Mahala" and inserting "M."
The amendments were non-concurred in.
JOIIN W. HUGHES.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 825) granting a pension to John
W. Hughes was taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendment was to insert after the word
"volunteers," in line seven, the words "and
to pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per month."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
WILLIAM II. M'DONALD.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill
(II. R. No. 773) granting a pension to William
H. McDonald was taken from the Speaker's
table.
The amendment was to insert after the word
"volunteers," in line seven, the words "and
to pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per month."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
JOIIN D. LAY.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 771) granting a pension to John
D. Lay was taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendment was to insert after the word
"Missouri," in line six, the words "and to
pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
JOHN II. FINLAY.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 770) granting a pension to John
H. Finlay were taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to strike otft in line
seven, the word "commencing" and insert
the words "and to pay him a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month from and to
add at the end of the bill the words "until
June 6, 18GG, and thereafter at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month."
The amendments were non-concurred in.
THOMAS CONNOLLY.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 676) granting a pension to Thomas
Connolly was taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendment was to add at the end of
the bill the words "and to pay him a pension
at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, com-
mencing on the 30th day of June, 1865."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
HENRY II. HUNTER.
Theamendments of the Senate to tliebill (H.
R. No. C66) granting a pension to Henry H.
Hunter were taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to strike out in line
seven the word "and and in line eight, after
the word "cavalry," to insert the words Mand
to pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars a month."
The amendments were non-concurred in.
W. W. CUNNINGHAM.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 522) granting a pension to W. W.
Cunningham was taken from the Speaker's
table.
The amendment was to insert in line six,
after the word "roll," the words "and to
allow and pay him a pension at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
GEORGE F. GOICHAM.
The amendments of the Senate tb the bill
(H. R. No. 518) granting a pension to George
l1. Gorham, late a private m company B,
twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts volunteer
infantry were taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were as follows :
_In section one strike out in lines seven, eight, and
nine, the words " paid the same amount of pension
allowed in similar cases, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the general pension laws," and
insert "allowed and paid a pension at the rate of
twenty-five dollars per month."
In sectipn two, line second, strike out the words
/ and his father, John J. Gorham, appointed guard-
ian;" and also strike out the word "said" and insert
his,*' in the fourth line."
The amendments were non-coneurrcd in.
MINOR. C1IILDKEN OF PLEASANT STOOPS.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. II. No. 456) granting a pension to the
minor children of Pleasant Stoops was taken
from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to insert in line five
the names of "David Henry Stoops, Pleasant
Stoops, and Sturges Stoops;" in line six to
strike out the word "minor" before "child-
ren," and after the word "children" to insert
" under sixteen years of age;" and in line
eight, alter the word "infantry," to insert
" and to pay to them or their legally-authorized
guardian or guardians a pension of eight dol-
lars per month so that the bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and lie is
hereby, authorized and instructed to place upon the
pension-roll the names of David Henry Stoops, Pleas-
ant Stoops, and Sturges Stoops, the children, under
sixteen years of age, of Pleasant Stoops, late a mem-
ber of company eighteenth regiment of United
States infantry, and to pay to them or their legally-
authorized guardian or guardians a pension of eight
dollars per month, to date from the day of his death,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
SOLOMON ZACHMAN.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(II. R. No. 521) to place the name of Solo-
mon Zaehman on the pension-roll were taken
from the Speaker's table.
The amendments wore to insert in line six
after the word "roll" the words " and to pay
him;" inline seven to strike out the words
" commencing on" and to insert the word
" from ;" in lines eight and nine to strike out
the words " subject to the limitations and
requirements of the pension laws," and to
insert "to the 6th day of June, 1866, and*
thereafter at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month during his natural life;" so that the
bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be authorized
and directed to place the name of Solomon Zaeh-
man, of Marion county, Ohio, formerly a member of
company I>, eighty-second Ohio volunteers, oil the
pension-roll, and to paybim at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, from theSOth day of May, 1864,to the
6th day of June, 1866, and thereafter at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month during his natural life.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
HEIRS OF WILLIAM CRAFT.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(IT. R. No. 601) granting a pension to the
widow and minor children of William Craft
were taken-from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to strike out in line
five the word "the" and to insert "Susan F.
Craft;" and also to strike out the words "and
minor children" and to insert "and the child
under sixteen years of age;" in line six to
strike out the words " the late in line seven
to strike out the letter "H" and to insert
" D ;" and in line eight, after the word " regi-
ment," to insert " and to pay her a pension at
the rate of ten dollars per month;" so that
the bill will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll the names of Susan £'. Crait, widow, and
the child under sixteen years of age of William
Craft, late of company I). eighty-second Pennsyl-
vania regiment, and to pay her a pension at the rate
of ten dollars per month, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, to commence
April 6,1865.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
HEIRS OF (3EORG15 R. WATERS.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 062) granting a pension to the
widow and minor children of George B. Waters
were taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to insert in line six
the name of "Mary Waters," and also to insert
the words "the three," and to strikeout the
word "minor," before " children," and after
the word " children" to insert the words "under
sixteen years of age;" in line eight to strike
out the word "fiftieth" and insert " fifteenth,"
and also to strike out the word "engineers"
and to insert the words "volunteers, and to
pay her a pension at the rate of fourteen dol-
lars per month ;" so that the bill will road:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to plaooon the pen-
sion-roll, subject to theprovisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the names of Mary Waters, the
widow, and the three children under sixteen years of
age, of George K. Waters, late a member of the fif-
teenth regiment New York volunteers, and to pay
her a pension at the rate of fourteen dollars per
month, eommcneing November 17,1864.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
MINOR CHILDREN OF CHARLES GOULER.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 064) granting a pension to the
minor children of Charles Goulor were taken
from the Speaker's table.
_ The amendments were to strike out in sec-
tion one, line six, the words "the minor"
before "children" and to insert "Willie, Ellen,
and Tellis Gouler," and after the word " child-
dren" to insert "under sixteen years of age;"
in line eight, after the word "volunteers," to
insert "and to pay them a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month;" and in line ten
to insert 1' to continue until they severally attain
the age of sixteen yearsso that the first sec-
tion will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior bo, and ho is
hereby, authonzedanddirected to placeon the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of Willie, Ellen, and
Tellis (Jouler, children under sixteen years of age of
Charles Gouler,late a private in company F, ninth
New Hampshire volunteers, and to pay them a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month, commenc-
ing April 18, 1866, to cOntinuo until they severally
attain the age of sixteen years.
Also, to amend the title of the bill so as to
read, " A bill granting a pension to the child-
ren of Charles Gouler."
The amendments were non-concurred in.
CYRUS K. WOOD.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 663) granting a pension to Cyrus
K. Wood, the legal representative of Cyrus D.
Wood, were taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to strike out in line
four the words "pay to Cyrus K. Wood, of
Auburn, Maine, father and legal representative
of," and to insert the words "place on thepen-
sion-roll the name of;" and in line seven, after
the word "infantry," to insert the words "and
to pay to him a pension at the rate of;" so that
the bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he i3
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll the name of Cyrus D. Wood, late of com-
pany II, tenth regiment of Maine volunteerinfantry,
and to pay to him a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month from the 8th day of May, 1863, to the
Gth day of June, 1866; and twenty-five dollars per
inon th from said 6th day of June, I860, to the 8th day
of April, 1867.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
HEIRS OF MYRON WILKLOW.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 669) granting a pension to the
widow and minor children of Myron Wilklow
were taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to insert in line six
the name " Sarah A. Wilklow ;" and also to
strike out the word " minor" and insert " Al-
mira, Emma, and Mary Wilklow;" in line
seven, after the word "children," to insert
"under sixteen years of age;" and in line
nine, after the word "volunteers," to insert
| the words "and to pay her a pension of four-
I teen dollars per month ;" so that the bill will
j read:
I That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho is,
