1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1645
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury in settling the accounts of George
Henry Preble, a commander in the Navy of the
United States, to allow him pay as" a com-
mander from the 16th day of July, 1862, in the
same way and manner as if the order discharg-
ing litm from the naval service had never been
issued.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXTENSION OF THE CAl'iTOL GROUNDS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to take up this
morning the bill for the extension of the Cap-
itol grounds. It has once passed the Senate
unanimously, and it is important that it should
go to the House of Representatives. I think
it will occasion no debate. It is the same bill
precisely that passed the Senate last year. I
move that it betaken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 54) to enlarge the
public grounds surrounding the Capitol.
It proposes to enlarge the public grounds
surrounding the Capitol (according to the plan
approved by the committees on Public Build-
ings of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives respectively, which plan is directed to be
deposited in the custody of the Secretary of
the Interior) by extension between First street
east and First, street west, in the following
manner: northwardly to the south side of
north B street, and southwardly to the north
side of south B street, including, in addition
to so much of the reservations, avenues, and
streets as are necessary for such extension, the
two squares designated on the plan of the city
of Washington as Nos. 087 and 688 respect-
ively.
By the second section the Secretary of the
Interior is directed to purchase from the owner
or owners, at such price, not exceeding its
actual cash value, as may be mutually agreed
on between the Secretary and such owner or
owners, and not exceeding the appraisal made
by the commission of nine in their report to
Robert Ould, United States district attorney
for the District of Columbia, on the 21st of
January, 1861, such private property as may
be necessary for carrying the act into effect,
the value of the property so purchased to be
paid to the owner or owners on the requisition
of that Secretary; but before such payment
shall be made the owner or owners of the
property purchased are by good and sufficient
deed or deeds, in due form of law, and ap-
proved by the Attorney General of the United
States, to fully release and convcy to the Uni-
ted States all their and each of their several
and respective rights in the titles to the lands
and property so purchased.
The third section provides that if the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall not be able to agree
with the owner or owners of any private prop-
erty needed for the purposes of the act upon
the price-to be paid for it, or if, for any other
cause, he shall be unable to obtain the title to
any such property by mutual agreement with
the owner or owners, it shall be his duty to
application to the supreme court of the
rt£trict of Columbia; which court, in such
mode and under such rules and regulations as
it may adopt, is to make a'just and equitable
appraisement of the cash value of the several
interests of each and every owner of the real
estate and improvement thereon necessary to
be taken tor the public use in accordance with
the provisions of the act, and to_ which the
Secretary has been unable to obtain the title
by mutual agreement with the owner or owners.
The fourth, fifth, and sixth sections provide
for the details of acquiring title.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out the seventh section in the following
words :
Sue 7. And, be it further cnaded, That the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company bo, and
tliey are hereby, required to remove their tract: from
Delaware avenue, between A and B streets north,
andfrom the Capitolgrounds, andrun thesamealong
B street north to t'irH street east, thence along First
street east to the main line on Pennsylvania avenue,
as now established; and that the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company be, and they are hereby, required to
remove the track of their road lrom A street north
and from New Jersey avenue, between A and B
streets north.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company and the
Metropolitan Railroad Company be, and they are
hereby, required to remove their tracks, respectively,
from the Oapitol grounds, as hereby established, and
to run the same as they may be directed, from time to
time, by the officer in charge of the public buildings
and grounds, as the grading and filling up of said
grounds may render necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line four, to strike out the word "tinder" and
insert "by," and after the word "Interior"
to insert "under the supervision of the archi-
tect of the Capitol extension;" so that the
section will read:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$50,000 is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be ex-
pended by the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, under the supervision of the architect of the
Capitol extension, in grading, filling up, removing
buildings, and improving the publio grounds and
streets around the Capitol as herein enlarged.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line eight, after the word "enlarged" to strike
out the following words:
But no guiding of the public square east of the
Capitol shall be commenced until the title to the
private pioperty to be purchased under the pro-
visions ot this act shall be acquired by the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the eighth
section, in lieu of the words stricken out:
And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby au-
thored to sell at public auction such matoiials in
the buildings, in squares Nos. 087 and G88, as a.ro not
necessaiy tor the public works in this District; and,
further, that the moneys realized by such sales shall
bo applied to tlie improvement and extension of the
Capitol grounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that
the bill requires any explanation. It is the
same bill, so far as the enlargement and pur-
chase are concerned, that was passed unani-
mously by the Senate a year ago, but was not
taken up in the House of Representatives. 1
will state with regard to it that it was the wish
of some of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds of the Senate to enlarge the
grounds more than is proposed in this bill; but
a joint meeting of the committees of the two
bodies, the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, was had, and it was thought expedient,
to go no further at this time than the former
bill proposed: and it was thought advisable
and necessary to commence this work soon,
and hence to pass the bill as it was passed
before if possible. So it has been agreed upon
by the committees of the two Houses. All
that it is necessary to purchase is two squares
that were pointed out to the Senate before,
which, as Senators will see, must be purchased
in order to any enlargement of the Capitol
grounds themselves. If there is any further
explanation required I am ready to answer any
questions in regard to it; but L suppose there
will be no objection to the bill whatever.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator if he intends to have a final vote taken
on the bill this morning?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, if I can; be-
cause I wish it to go to the House of Repre-
sentatives as soon as possible. I think it has
been very thoroughly examined and agreed
upon by the two committees, and unless there
is an objection to any enlargement I think
this is as small a one as can possibly be made.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to look at
it before it is passed finally. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can explain it, and
the Senator can examine the plan which I have,
here. There was no objection whatever to the
bill in the Senate when it was passed before.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
the aggregate cost of this proposed extension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do notrecollect the
exact cost of these two squares. I think it
was stated before.
Mr. SHERMAN. They were assessed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; and .by the
terms of the bill, unless the price can be
agreed upon, they are to be taken and con-
demned. The bill makes provision for con-
demning them. They are absolutely necessary,
if any enlargement is to be had.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
title of the bill by adding the words " and for
other purposes," which may be necessary, as
there is an appropriation in it for grading.
The PRESlDENTjwoto/y30?-e. Thatamend-
ment will be made.
ETHAN ItAY CLARKE AND SAMUEL IV. CLARKE.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 347.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. ?>I7) to confirm the title of Ethan
Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke to cer-
tain lands in the State of Florida, claimed
under a grant from the Spanish Government,
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
confirm the title of Ethan Ray Clarke and
Samuel Ward Clarke to a tract of laud five
miles square on Black creek, south of Saint
Mary's river, in the State of Florida, and
bounded as follows: upon one side by the Saint
Mary's river, and upon the otherside by vacant
lands, being the same lands to which an ex-
clusive right to take the timber was granted by
the Spanish Government to John Underwood,
and upon which ho erected a saw mill in 1805,
and which was kept up and continued for many
years ; but it was not to operate to the preju-
dice of any claim which may be set up to the
land by reason of any previous sale thereof;
nor is it in any way to prejudice any claimant
under John Underwood, or any person deriv-
ing title or claim thereto under Underwood,
his heirs or assigns, or of any person or persons
who may be entitled to preemption rights
under any existing lawsof the Untied States.
Mr. HOWARD. This proposes to confirm
a pretty large tract, containing ^ twenty-five
square miles, five miles on each side, accord-
ing to the description. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator whether this has been
considered by the appiopriate committee?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator from Ore-
gon has had it under consideration and can
ex-plain it fully.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a report ac-
companying the bill which can be read for the
satisfaction of the Senator from Michigan.
This is substantially the same bill that has
been pending before Congress, and passed
either House two or three times and failed to
become a law for want of time or agreement
between the two Houses*
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the Senator
from Oregon whether the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims have considered it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I was not aware of it.
What is the foundation of the title? Whence
does it emanate ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is founded upon a
grant made by the Spanish Government at
an early day in the then Territory of Florida.
The grant was made to the ancestor of these
claimants at an early day, to occupy a certain
tract of land for mill purposes, upon which he
erected a mill, and occupied it for a long time.
Subsequently his title was affirmed by that Gov-
