1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
145
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Kentucky Election—Mr. Dawes.
Ho. of'Reps.
have endeavored to so conduct it, as well in com-
mittee as before the House, that, whatever may
be the final determination of the llouse, there
shall not lie at their door any just accusation of
an attempt to arrive at their conclusion without
the fullest and most perfect discussion of the
ease that the House might desire, and without
hearing in full all parties affected by it. It has
been long before the House and the committee.
It has been heard from time to time, and it has
been postponed now ten days, in order that
the gentleman against whom this report is
made may be heard before the House, as he
had been before the committee, in his defense.
He has now been heard. Having occupied
the attention of the House in opening this
case as fully as I desired, I recognize it to be
my duty to confine myself at this time entirely
to a reply to such suggestions and arguments
offered in opposition to the report as 1 think
deserve or are capable of being answered.
Before proceeding, however, to offer such con-
siderations I beg leave to call the attention of
the llouse to some remarks that fell from
gentlemen, in the former discussion of this
case, to which, it seems to me, I ought to
allude—to the atlempton the part of the gentle-
man from Kentucky who first addressed the
House [Mr. Beck] and the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] a colleague of mine on
the committee, to insist upon it that this is a
partisan proceeding.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
says,with a meaning that cannot be mistaken :
"I know it makes a great difference before some
tribunals whose ox is gored."
And the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
says, with more direction:
"It is my opinion. Mr. Speaker, that had it been
the good fortune of Mr. Brown, after that letter had
been wiilten and after the war was over, to become
a member of the Union party, 'so called,' as my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Ross] suggests, and had
been elected as such to this House, he would have
had no trouble in gaining admission to a seat here,
notwithstanding that letter."
To the gentleman from Kentucky, who thinks
that it makes a great deal of difference before
this tribunal whose ox is gored, I submit this
question : whether he owes his own seat here,
after a unanimous report of the Committee of
Elections in his favor and under the adoption
by this House of that report without a division,
to any such rule as he suggests? Do the gen-
tleman's colleagues—one, two, three, four, tive
of them—whose cases have been submitted to
that committee, and been reported upon unan-
imously by that committee, and placed in seats
here by a unanimous vote of the House, owe
their seats here to the rule he suggests? I leave
him to answer that question to himself. But to
the gentleman from Indiana, my colleague on
the committee, who not only knows all these
facts, but knows all the proceedings in the
committee, I suggest that this comes with a
poor grace from him, when he knows that there
has been not a single vote, save this one, in that
committee touching the right of any man to a
seat upon this floor upon which there has been
any division of sentiment, one way or the
other; that there has been no report brought
by that committee into this House in the result
of which he himself, in common with all the
other members of the committee, has not con-
curred, and in which this House has not sup-
ported him and me in that report; and when
lie knows that the vote in the committee on this
very question now before the House is a refu-
tation of any such idea as that suggested in
his remarks. I do not care further to discuss
this question; but I am happy to say that upon
r.o question but this—a simple question of
fact—has the committee differed at all; and
the gentleman had arrayed with him in this
ease such a vote as should have prevented him
from making any such statement to this House.
But, sir, 1 have to answer not only in behalf
of the committee, in regard to the rule by
which it has been governed in its votes, but I
have to answer for myself to the arraignment
40xir Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 10.
of the_ gentleman from Indiana. The gentle-
man, in the remarks which he submitted in
support of his minority report, found it neces-
sary for his case to arraign me upon the floor
of this House and to charge ine with misrep-
resentation of the testimony in this case. He
Now, I know not whether to characterize that as
adroitness or maladroitness in torturing, if you, please,
the evidence that is brought here and upon which it
is sought to convict Mr. Brown. There is no such
thing in the roeord ; and it is to that 1 call the atten-
tion of the gentleman and of this House. Why drag
in that kind of interpretation when in this record
theie is nothing to justify it? Then why indulgein
this kind of stuff to control the action, to control and
prejudice the conscience, of this House against its
plain duty in this importantcause?
"Kow, Mr, Speaker, is it justifiable, is it right, for a
gentleman in this sort of a ca&e, acting in this sol-
emn capacity, thus to challenge his imagination to
come to the aid of his facts, and to interpolate into
this record what there is not one soiitary^particle of
evidenceto prove?"
And then, growing more carncstancl zealous,
lie solemnly admonishes me for the future to
take better care of my duty upon this floor
whpn next [ presume to address this House.
Sir, I am aware that this sounds tarae when
read ten days after its delivery without the
tone and temper which helped it on. I know
very well that you, Mr. Speaker, np there be-
hind your barricade, may have felt safe enough
against the onslaught and charge of the gen-
tleman, and yefc I have before me an Indiana
paper which represents that charge of the gen-
tleman to have been so terrific and irresisti-
ble that nobody upon this side of the Ilonse
could rally for any other purpose than to move
a postponement of this case for one week to
enable us to gather up the scattered fragments
of our arguments. So bold and swift was this
charge, and the gentleman had such a keen
scent of blood, that he would not permit me
even to correct, and explain the statement that
he made. I could think of nobody like him
but the man
44 Who roared so loud and looked so grim
That his very shadow dare not follow him."
Now, sir, what was all this about? The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] says there is
not one particle of proof in the record to justify
the statement which 1 made. These are my
words:
44 And while they were doing so John Young Brown
confessed that he aiso secretly and privately went
about whispering in their ears that if any man joined
the Union Army in Kentucky he ought, to be, and he
believed he would be, shot down before he lott the
State."
Sir, what did John Young Brown confess?
He confessed this:
"I frequently uttered publicly and privately"—
AVhat did he utter? This:
"Not one rnnn or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
South. It this northern army shall attempt to cross
our borders wc will resist it uiito the death; and if
oneraanshall be found in ourOommonwcalth to vol-
unteer to join them he ought, and I believe will be,
shot down before he leaves the State.''
Here is the letter in full:
Elizabethtown, April 18,18G1.
Editors Louisville Courier :
My attention has been called to the following par-
agraph which appeared in your paper of this date:
"John Yorxo Brown's Position—This gentle-
man, in reply to some searching interrogatories put
to him by Governor Helm, said, in reference to the
call of the President for four regiments of voulun-
teers to march against the South:
"'I would not send one solitary man to aid that
Government, and tho.-o who volunteer should be shot
down in their tracks.'"
This ambiguous report of my remarks has, I find,
been misunderstood by some who have re id it, who
construe my language to apply to the Government
of the confederate States 1 What I did say was this:
"Notoncman or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him 111 his unholy war ajxamst the
South. If this northern army shall attempt to cross
our borders we will resist it unto the death: and if
one man shall be found in ourCommonwealth to vol-
unteer to join them lie ought, and I believe will be,
shot down before he leaves the State."
This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Uovernor liolm, ns you have stated,
and is no more than I frequently uttered publicly
and privately prior to mv debate with him.
Kespectfully, JOHN YOUNG BXiO"W2Sf,
Now, I thought that "privately" and "se-
cretly" were convertible terms; and that if
John Young Brown "frequently" uttered these
words he was not likely to confine his utter-
ances to the same place, but most likely hfe
went about uttering them privately or secretly.
And I am very certain tHatif he uttered these
words privately he did not do so " Upon the
housetops." Therefore it was I said that he
privately and secretly went about whispering"
these things in the ears of these men in Ken-
tucky. That is all 1 did say upon this subject
to justify my colleague upon the Committee of
Elections [Mr. Kerii] to charge me with a dis-
position to interpolate into the record what Was
not true.
The gentleman from Indiana, as well as the
claimant for the seat in his remarks to-day—
and in that particular the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] whofirst addressed the House
on this subject—used the same language in re-
spect to the course and conduct of Mr. Brown
here charged as disloyal. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] has embodied it in these
words—
" The whole record shows, from the very inception
of this trouble"—
T ask gentlemen to bear these words in mind
as I go along—
"The wholo record fhow:-, from the very inocptioja
of tins trouble until this present hour. Mr. Blown,
anions: his neighbor?, whether thoy were Union men
or secessionists, asj-umed the oliioe of pea,ee-m:iker
and did nothing inconsistent, therewith. That 13
wh.it the reeoid shows. That is wlint the evidence
shows. That is what the witnesses produced both by
Mr. Smith and Mr. Brown swear."
That, covers the whole ground, T suppose,
and therefore gentlemen who arraign me for
interpolating into the evidence anything not
found in the record will be patient and bear
with me as 1 go along. The first tliiiigafter the
"inception of this trouble," and after Piesi-
dent Lincoln called upon Kentucky for her
quota of seventy five thousand men, and after
the Governor of Kentucky had declared that
that State would furnish not a man or a doliar
—the first thing after that which Mr. Brown
did was also to declare that if any man did go
into the northern Army he ought tobe, and he
[Mr. Brown] hoped he would be, shot down in
his tracks.
Now, i agree—and [ give the gentleman the
benefit of it—that so far as any doubtful or un-
certain act or expression of the man is con-
cerned, it is due to him to look to surround-
ing circumstances, to subsequent acts, to the
daily life of the man, to find an explanation
or interpretation of such act, and give to it its
true and legitimate and proper force. If there
were anything in these words of bis which ad-
mitted of any doubt I would hail anything to be
found in this record that would relieve it from
that doubt in favor of his loyalty.
But, sir, I am sorry to say the record is too
plain; the words themselves do not admit of
explanation by other words, because they are
clear and positive. And yet, sir, I am not
willing to pursue this line of argument alto-
gether in reference to this claimant. I am
willing to try him by the test he himself desires
to be tried by and to see if there is anything,
any one single act of his, any one single meas-
ure, purpose, pursuit of bis. which he put forth
to the world after he wrote that letter that will
interpret it in favor of loyally.
Sir, it is said that, that which he confesses he
had been in the habit of doing frequently and
privately around his district he did in favor of
neutrality in Kentucky. Sir, what is meant
by neutrality ? Is it enough for the defense of
Mr. Brown to say that other men who occupied
that doubtful and ambiguous position in the
early part of the war were men who since have
shown themselves, by their acts, to have been
bold, fearless, and energetic champions of the
Union and the cause of their country Cer-
tainly not; because neutrality being a doubtful
and uncertain position, their subsequent con-
