146
APPENDIX;'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Beps.
Kentucky -Election—Mr. Dawes.
40th Cos&....2d'Sess.
duct demonstrated, so far as they are concerned
only, for what purpose those men went into it.
It demonstrated, for instance, why Mr. Crit-
tenden and Mr. Speed and Mr. Guthrie went
into it. Those men in Kentucky were drawn
into that awkward and indefensible position
by what they believed at the moment to be the
necessity of the hour. As soon as the mask
fell off and the scales dropped from their eyes,
then they took their position on the side of the
Union. They exhibited by their acts what
they had meant by their words.
But, sir, there were two kinds of neutrality
in Kentucky. There was the neutrality advo-
cated by such, men as I have just meutioned,
whose loyalty was shown by their subsequent
conduct. There was another kind of neutral-
ity, the object of which was to paralyze the
Union armi in Kentucky while the rebellion
could gather strength and volume and propor-
tion. Which of those kinds of neutrality did
the gentleman now claiming this seat advo-
cate? On which side did he array himself?
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
who first addressed the House appealed to
this doctrine of neutrality as a vindication of
the course of his colleague, as he called him ;
yet he failed to tell us to which kind of neu-
trality his colleague adhered, lie failed to
call attention to the fact that he had in his
own case proved the distinction between the
kind of neutrality supported by Mr. Brown,
and the neutrality supported by the glorious
names behind which Mr. Brown seeks shelter
to-day. The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck, ] when conducting his own case before the
Committee of Elections, callcd upon the stand
Governor Robinson, and in his remarks before
the House has reindorsed this witness. To the
testimony, therefore, of Mr. Robinson, I ap-
peal for the explanation of the different kinds
of neutrality advocated and supported in the
State of Kentucky. I read from the gentle-
man's examination of his own witness:
"Question. Was X not endeavoring to show that
Kentucky ought to maintain lier condition of neu-
trality?"
The gentleman from Kentucky, it seems, was
himself wedded to that doctrine. Let me read
the answer of Governor Robinson, his own wit-
ness :
"X think Mr. Beck occupicd that ground—that,
Kentucky should maintain a neutrality, such as I
claimed she had never taken, aiul such as I was
opposed to. He was for a neutrality by which Ken-
tucky refused the General Government aid and assist-
ance, andrefuseditpormissionto inarch troops across
the Stato. I, on the contrary, advocated that her
neutrality was simply a quiescent state lor the time
being; that she should main tain her alic^iancc to the
United States Government, subject to whatever calls
might be made upon her lor men and money, and
that her'-territory should be open for any purposo of
the General Government. That was the neutrality
I was for. Mr. Bkck was opposed to furnishing men
and money. I was lor lurnishmg just as many men
and as much money as would maintain the Onion
and putdown therebcllion. Mr. Buck advocated the
resolutions of 1798-89 in their full extent, lie took
the ground also that if his State went out the man
who went with it could not bo a traitor. lie would
cither bo hung by his State for disobeying her, or by
tho General Government tor disobeying it. Those
woro tho issues generally, as far as 1 recollect.
Question. Is it or not truo that the Union men of
Kentucky, in tho spring and early summer of 18G1,
through their meeting at Louisville, and tho address
°i their central committee, urged tho condition of
neutrality with a good deal of vigor?
' Answer. That is my recollection. The Union men
?i Kontueky did occapy the ground of neutrality in
•ho early stages of thecanvass, butnot tho neutrality
which some gentlemen advocated. Their neutrality
was not a neutrality by which -they should resist or
disobey any order of the General Government, any
demand for men or money, or the right of transit for
troops."
Then a question is put by a member of the
committee:
_ " Did not Mr. Bkck make speeches inviting men to
join the confederate forces?
"Answer, i do not know exactly how to answer that
question. 1 have information that at the very dis-
cussions between mj self and Mr. Beck there were
men recruiting f the confederate service. I do not
know that Mr. Beck had tho slightest knowledgo of
that fact. X never heard hiui, direclty or indirectly,
urging any man to join the confederate army; hut
ho wns a Pouihcrn rights man and advocated tho
doctrines which I have stated. He advocated tho
doctrine, virtually, of State supremacy, and I sup-
posa the tendency of that would bo to show that it
was right and safe to join the rebellion. I do not
think that Mr. Beck did anything fartliorthan that.
I have no doubt that the effect of his whole stand
was to give strength and powpr, and a v.ery groat
deal of strength and power, to thoso who wero in
favor of the South and of rebellion; but ho did not
in any speech advise any onoto join tho l-obel forces."
I do not read this testimony, Mr. Speaker, to
arraign the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck.] His case has been passed upon by
this House, and passed upon with my con-
currence. ' My objcct is, from the mouth of a
witness produced-on that side, to put an end to
tho idea that becauso a man belonged to that
party of so-called "neutrality" he was there-
fore an advocate of the Onion, that in pro-
claiming that neutrality he was taking the side
of the Union.
But, sir, although Mr. Brown fails to give
to these doubtful acts any interpretation which
would mitigate tho full furcc and effect of the
promulgation to the people of Kentucky that
every Union soldier ought to be shot down,
what did he do? What became of this gentle-
man afterward ? Did ho, like tho other men
whose names we have brought forward here,
take position by the side of the Union Army
and labor with life in hand for the cause ? Has
there been one particle of evidence produced
here which shows one act or speech of his or one
prayer of his offered up in the secret recesses
of his chamber, or anywhere else, calculated to
encourage the hearts of the true Union men
of Kentucky in that fearful conllict within their
own borders and in their own families, by their
own firesides, in the struggle for the life of the
nation?
Sir, the most that can be said in his behalf,
is said by his own friend and witness from whom
he has quoted this day. The most that can
be said in his behalf was testified to by Mr.
Mallory, whom he has summoned hereto-day.
Let me read it. A question was put to liiui
by my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Siiel-
lab aiioer,] now absent on account of sickness:
"After neutrality was abandoned in Kentucky do
you know whatsido Mr. Brown took?
" A nsicer. I can not answer that question of my own
knowledge; but lrom public report ho took no sido;
ho suicided.
That, sir, does not help a man when it is
necessary for him to produce positive acts,
positive demonstration, in order to relieve
himself of something which he has done which
is equivocal, which may be for or against tho
life of the nation. Tho most that can be said
in his behalf has been said by his own bosom
friend, who sat by his side during his former
service in Congress, and who went back with
him to Kentucky, carrying a full sense of his
obligation to report to his constituents of that
treason hatched within ten feet from where I
stand.
Now, who are the witnesses called on the one
side and the other to whom my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Kerb J appeals? He says the
whole record shows he was a Union man who
earnestly endeavored to prosecute in his way
the Union cause.
A. S. Hicks, testifies, in answer to interroga-
tories, as follows—page 97, Document 47:
"By Mr. Smith:
" Question. The specch which Mr. Brown made afc
ITobbardsvillein 1865, was it or not in tensely disloyal?
" Answer. That is what I thought about it. I con-
sideied it disloyal. X never heard liim say that the
South had done anything but what was perfectly
right; or that the Eederal Government had dono
anything but what was wrong."
What encouragement, what a stimulant to
the drooping spirits of the Union men of Ken-
tucky 1 What lifting up of the arms of Crit-
tenden and Rousseau and the gallant men from
Kentucky who fought and fell in the cause of
the Union! This man was making speeches
that everything the Union Army did was wrong
and everything the confederate army did was
right.
"Question. Was it charged upon Mr. Brown la=t
April at ilobbarilsvilio, that lie-had hu u a rebel from
the beginning of the war until that umo I
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. Bid he deny it? . .....
"Answer. lie did not deny acting with that party.
Ho denied being a rebel at that time, because he said
there was no rebellion."
Mr. Brown, in 18(i5, thought the President,
by' paper proclamation, had put an end to the
rebellion. He did not think at that time he
belonged to the rebellion. That is the first
witness.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to say the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Brown] declared
everything the Union Army had been doing or
was doing was wrong and everything the con-
federate army was doing was right. I am not
aware there is any such testimony before the
committee. I wish to know whether that is
the gentleman's comment, or is he stating that
as actual testimony?
Mr. DAWES. I read the words taken from
the book. If the gentleman will please to turn
to page 97 of the book he can look over mo
while I read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
whether he means to argue 
Mr. DAWES. I have the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope he will not refuse
to answer my question.
Mr. DAWES. I will answer any question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. T wish to know whether
the gentleman from Massachusetts does assert
that the gentleman from Kentucky ever used
the language which lie imputes to him. I ask
him in sincerity and desire a candid and pre-
cise answer.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I read the pre-
cise answer, and I then commented upon it.
If the gentleman had given me that attention
which his own interest in the case should in-
duce him to he would have seen that I read
the testimony word for word. If he is not sat-
isfied that I have done so let him turn to page
97. I commented upon what I thought was the
force of these words. I will read them again.
I will not rest under any imputation of having
laid a straw at the door of that gentleman that
the testimony does not bear me out in :
"Question. Tho speech which Mr. Brown made at
Ilebbardsvillcin 1805, wasitornotintensely disloyal.
_ " /1r;.A'>/w._That is whn.t I thought about it. I con-
sidered it disloyal. I never heard him say that tho
South had dono anything but what was perfectly
right, or that thoKed oral Governmcnthad done any-
thing but what was wrong."
That is the testimony. I suppose he dis-
cussed public affairs in that speech, andl mean
to say that the testimony of this witness is that
Mr. Brown took the ground that the acts of
this Government were wrong and that the acts
of the South were right. If he discussed that
question he must have discussed it just as I
stated or else the witness was mistaken.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. Allow me to ask this
further question: if it is not unfair to charge
him with saying everything is wrong because
a witness comes before the committee and
swears he did not hear him say that anvthing
was wrong? Is it fair to base such a charge
upon such testimony?
Mr. DAWES. Of course the House will
pass upon the fairness of my remarks. But I
say it is perfectly fair to say that this witness
meant to testify that whatever Mr. Brown did
say about the Federal Government it was all
wrong, and whatever he did say about the South
it was all light.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
ask a question just here: whether or not that
speech was made after the war commenced,
and whether or not that same witness testified
that he classed all the Democrats of Kentucky
with the rebel*.
Mr. DAW ES. Mr. Speaker, I hare alluded
to the fact that when Mr. Brown was asked if
he did not act with the rebel party he answered
by saying that after the war closed there was no
longer any rebellion. Whether this wituess
ehwM.d the whole Democratic party with the
rebels or nut 1 do not now remember, but I do
