1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
lion six hundred and seventy-eight thousand
seventy-eight dollars and fifty cents. Thepen-
sion-roll for the year will be thirty million three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and the
bounties due and payable will require about
thirty million dollars. These three items,which
are not discretionary, amount to the large
aggregate of nearly one hundred and ninety
million dollars, well nigh two thirds of our
total outlay for the fiscal year upon which we
have just entered. The fact that so large a
proportion of our expenditure is the result of
the war, and is unavoidable unless we repudiate
our obligations to our public creditors and our
heroic soldiers, cannot be too often repeated
or too thoroughly impressed on the public
mind ; for it is idle to denounce these expend-
itures as extravagant unless we are prepared
to withhold them; and whoever proposes to
withhold them proposes thereby to put the
nation at the same time under the doubly dis-
graceful stigma of repudiation and ingratitude.
If the Democratic party choose to assume that
position it is welcome to all the glory of it.
For the ordinary expenditures of Govern-
ment for the fiscal year which has just begun
the appropriations are as follows:
Executive, legislative, and judicial, embracing all
Department salaries and expenses $17,480,000 00
For the Army  33.081,013 10
For the Navy  17,500,000 00
West Point Military Academy  302,000 00
Consular and diplomatic service  1,206,434 00
Post Office Department  2,500,000 00
Indian bureau, treaties, &c  2,500,000 00
Rivers and harbors  4,700,000 00
Collecting the revenue  9,969,000 00
Sundry civil expenditures connected
with the vaxions Departments  6,020,000 00
Miscellaneous expenses of all kinds, in-
cluding cost of certain public build-
ings thoughout the country, expenses
of reconstruction, expense of closing
up JYeedmen's Bureau, Ac  9,000,000 00
Deficiencies of various kinds in the
different appropriations   2,560,000 00
Making a total of. 5106,818,447 10
I differ in some items from the recent state-
ment of the honorable chairman of Ways and
Means, for I think he included in the expenses
of this year a deficiency of thirteen million dol-
lars resulting from the Indian war of 1867; which
amount was appropriated and spent last year
and has no proper connection whatever with
the expenditures of the current fiscal year.
And he also includes, incorrectly I think, some
twenty-four million appropriations overlapping
from the year which has closed to the present.
I say incorrectly, because this amount will be
offset by a similar amount which overlaps from
this year to the next, about the same amount
going over each year, and this from necessity
owing to the mode of disbursement. I have
also made the amount for bounties ten millions
less than the chairman estimates, because a
large proportion which he includes in this
year will necessarily be paid in the ensuing
year, when it is hoped the whole matter will be
closed, the last soldier honorably paid off, and
the Treasury relieved from further obligation in
that direction.
Adding together these ordinary expenditures,
as I have above, the sum total is found to be
one hundred and six million eight hundred and
eighteen thousand four hundred and forty-
seven dollars. If Congress can be accused of
extravagance, the accusation must be made
good on these figures, or else abandoned, for
the other expenditures, as I have already re-
peated, lie without the pale of congressional
discretion or control. A clear estimate of the
character of these expenditures may be gath-
ered by comparing them with the outlays in-
curred under the last Democratic administra-
tion. For example, in 1857-58 the same class
of expenses in Buchanan's administration were
over seventy million dollars in gold, whereas
the one hundred and six million eight hundred
and eighteen thousand four hundred and forty-
seven dollars above named are in paper. It
must be observed, moreover, that in 1857-58
the population of this country was under thirty
millions, whereas to-day it is well nigh forty
millions. Adding forty per cent, premium on
gold, to bring the expenditures of the two eras
to the same standard, and we find the outlays of
Buchanan were at the rate of over ninety-eight
millions in paper to-day. To this add one third
for increase of population, and we find the
Buchanan expenditures, adjusted to the scale
of to-day, would amount to one hundred and
thirty million dollars for the same items that
we are paying less than one hundred and seven
millions. And in this calculation I have said
nothing about the increased military and naval
force of the present day, which adds immensely
to the account in favor of present economy.
This calculation, stated in these general
terms, is far more striking and suggestive when
you come to examine details. The Army, for
instance, cost during the four years of Buchan-
an's administration, by the official statement
of the Treasury Department, which I hold in
my hand, the large aggregate of $86,307,575 55,
making an average of well nigh twenty-two
millions each year in gold. And at that
time the Army consisted in all of nineteen
regiments ; so that each regiment cost consid-
erably over a million each year in gold. The
Army at present contains sixty regiments, and
yet the whole appropriation asked for by Gen-
eral Grant amounts to little more than thirty-
three millions, a trifle more than half a million
per regiment each year in paper. In other
words, the Army under the peace establish-
ment of a Democratic administration imme-
diately preceding the war cost per regiment
largely more in gold than the Army now costs
per regiment in paper under the peace estab-
lishment as administered by General Grant.
The same scale of expenditure indulged in
under the administration of Buchanan would
make our present Army cost over seventy mil-
lions in gold or a hundred millions in paper;
and until the latter figure is exceeded the Dem-
ocratic partisans of Buchanan can have no
ground to charge that Army expenses are
extravagant. "When we look at the actual
amount spent for legitimate Army expenses,
we see good ground for the high compliment
bestowed by President Johnson when, a few
months since, he publicly proclaimed "Gen-
eral Grant's judicious economy as the direct
cause of saving many millions to the Treas-
ury." With General Grant's election to the
Presidency and the final pacification of the
southern States, our Army will at oneo be
reduced and the expenditures of the War De-
partment will be brought to a point so incon-
siderable as no longer to be felt as a burden to
the tax-payer.
The comparison in regard to naval expend-
itures at the two periods I have named, are
equally suggestive and striking. For the four
years of Buchanan's administration the Navy,
by the official records, cost fifty-two million six
hundred and forty-five thousand nine hundred
and ninety-eight dollars and eighty-nine cents—
showing an average of more than thirteen mil-
lions per annum in gold coin. With a much
larger Navy, and with the disadvantage of paper
money and high prices, our appropriations this
year are a trifle under eighteen millions. Tak-
ing the difference in the size of the Navy at
the two periods and the disparity between gold
and paper and we should be authorized, if we
followed the Buchanan standard of expend-
iture, in appropriating well nigh forty millions
for the year's service. These facts are cer-
tainly suggestive and instructive.
In our Post Office expenditures, as compared
with those of the Democratic regime, the differ-
ence is, if anything, more striking than in the
relative expenses of the Army and Navy. Be-
sides using up all the postal receipts, the Post
Office Department for the three last years of
Buchanan's administration made drafts on the
Treasury to the amount of over five millions a
year, in one year running up to nearly seven
millions. During the whole time the Republic-
ans have been in power, the drafts on the Treas-
ury for the support of the postal service have
not averaged two million dollars per annum, and
with this moderate expenditure we have been
enabled to carry on the immense mail service in
the interior of the continent and to the shores of
the Pacific, through all our remote Territories
and sparsely peopled sections, and have also
been able to maintain a superb line of mail
steamers from San Francisco t.oHongKongand
from New York to Rio Janeiro, none of which
extraordinary enterprises and expenditures
were levied on the Department during Buchan-
an's administration.
These comparisons might be quite indefinitely
continued, exhibiting in each item the same
result, and demonstrating with mathematical
certainty that when we take into account the
vast increase of population and the rapid and
unprecedented development of our country
during the time the Republican party has been
in power, and when we take into further account
the fact that we have been all the while sub-
jected as a necessity of the war to the disad-
vantage of high prices resulting from paper
money; taking, I say, these facts into account,
I assert and defy contradiction that large as
our expenditures have necessarily been they
have yet been on a scale of economy and
fidelity quite unknown during the last Demo-
cratic administration that afflicted the coun-
try. And I assert further, and I call both polit-
ical friend and foe to the witness stand in
support of my declaration, that whenever and
wherever General Grant has been able to con-
trol governmental expenditure, ecpnomy, in-
tegrity, fidelity, and rigid retrenchment and
reduction have been the unvarying result.
Consider further, Mr. Chairman, that while
the Republican party has been providing the
means for these expenditures, they have been
at the same time effecting immense reductions
in the public debt aud continually and largely
reducing taxation. Within the three years
that have elapsed since the war closed and the
Army was mustered out, we have reduced the
public debt between two and three hundred
million dollars, and at each session of Congress,
while this reduction of the debt was going
on, we have taken off millions upon millions of
taxation from the productive industry of the
nation. At the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, the first that convened after
the close of the war, taxes were removed that
had the preceding year yielded a revenue of
sixty million dollars, and at the second session
of the same Congress forty-one millions more
of taxes were promptly repealed. The Fortieth
Congress has not been behind the Thirty-Ninth
in this respect, for we have already repealed
taxes that last year gave us a revenue of ninety
millions. And to-day the taxes of the Federal
Government are so wisely adjusted, and col-
lected from such few sources that no man feels
them burdensome, oppressive, or exacting.
Demagogues may misrepresent and partisans
may assail, but the people know and feel that
to-day the taxes levied by the Federal Govern-
ment are not an oppression to the individual
and not a hinderance to the development of the
industrial resources of the land.
The history of the Republican party, Mr.
Chairman, is indeed a proud record. Inherit-
ing a bankrupt Treasury, a dishonored credit,
and a gigantic rebellion from the traitorous
Administration which preceded their advent to
power in 1801, the Republicans heroically and
successfully grappled with and conquered all
these obstacles to the life and progress of the
nation. They replenished the Treasury ; they
redeemed our credit; they subdued the mightiest
rebellion that ever confronted civil power since
Governments were instituted among men;
they struck the shackles from four millions of
human beings, and gave them every civil right
under the Constitution and laws. And while
accomplishing these herculean tasks, the Re-
publican party administered the Government
so wisely that prosperity has been all the time
abroad in the land ; great business enterprises
have been undertaken and successfully prose-
cuted ; factories have been built; the forest
subdued; farms brought under cultivation;
navigable rivers improved ; thousands of miles
of railway constructed ; the continent spanned
by telegraph wires: the two oceans well nigh
