1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
liurt to tell us what the word, "five" or the
word "ten" means, and what the five was
necessary for. We have already shown him
engaged in the business of raising money for
the purpose of bribing Senators in order to
secure the acquittal of an accused President
upon the impeachment presented by this
House. Now, it has been shown that he raised
the money. It has been shown that he stated
falsely when he said he sent $16,000 of this
money to Cincinnati; that he stated falsely
when he also said that he had sent $16,000 by
Sheridan Shook to New York. We again
asked him what lie did with the money. He
replied that that was a privileged transaction
between counsel and client. When we came
to ask the client about it, Sheridan Shook
repudiated any such relation between them.
Therefore, we biing the matter before the
House and ask that this Woolley be kept in
close confinement, and allowed only such in-
tercourse with others as the Speaker may from
time to time deem to be justifiable under the
rules and practices of parliamentary bodies, to
be so kept until he shall answer what he did
with this money, after his declaration that he
was raising money for the purpose of purchas-
ing the votes of Senators.
What do his counsel say? That this proceed-
ing is unconstitutional. Gentlemen profess to
have great reverence for the Supreme Court of
the United States. Sir, I have as much rev-
erence as they have for the decisions of the
Supreme Court when they act in the line of their
jurisdiction. But I say here that the Supreme
Court never had the power to review the action
of this House, or of the other House, upon any
question of this kind. Now, as I stated in the
beginning of this matter the other day, for more
than forty years past the question involving
these points has been solemnly adjudicated by
ti decision of the Supreme Court without a
dissenting opinion, and has never since been
challenged.
Forty-seven years ago, in the case of An-
derson vs. Dunn, (G Wheaton,) the case of an
arrest and imprisonment by order of this House,
the Sergeant-at-Arms was sued for trespass and
false imprisonment. The case went up to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and that
court solemnly decided that the order of the
House of Representatives stood within the
authority of the Constitution of the United
States, and was conclusive upon all parties. (
Their decision was that the order of the House, k
pleaded by the Sergeant-at-Arms, was a bar to
any suit for trespass and false imprisonment;
not simply a bar in law, but an absolute justi-
fication in or out of court. I refer to that
decision and stand upon it; and if gentlemen
can show that anything has been ruled since by
the Supreme Court of the United States which
in any manner reverses that decision, I will be
greatly obliged to them for the reference. I
read from the opinion in that case as follows :
" The id fin, is Utopian that government can exist
without leaving the exercise ot discretion somewhoro.
Public security against the abuse of such discretion
mast rest on responsibility and stated appeals to
public approbation. Where all power is derived
from the people, and public functionaries at short
intervals deposit it at the feet of the people, to be
resumed again only at their will, individual fears
may be alarmed by the monsters of imagination, but
individual liberty can be in little danger."
The court further say:
"But if there is one maxim which necessarily rides
overall otheis in the practical application of govern-
ment, it is that the public functionaries must be left
at liberty to exercise the powers which the people
have intrusted to them. The interests and dignity
of those who created them require the exertion of
the powers indispensable to_ the attainment of the
ends of their creation. Nor is a casual conflict with
the rights of particular individuals any reason to be
urged against the exercise of such powers, lhe
wretch beneath the gallows may repine at the fate
which awaits him, and yet it is no less certain that
the laws under which he suffers were made for his
security. The unreasonable murmurs of individuals
against the restraints of society have a direct tend-
ency to produce that worst of all despotisms which
makes every individual the tyrant over his neigh-
bor's rights.
, " That the safety of the people is the supreme law
not only comports with, but is indispensable to, the
exercise of thosopowersin their publiofunctionaries
without which that safety cannot be guarded.""
members absent without leaye
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] will suspend his remarks. The
hour of one o'clock having arrived, the Ser-
geant-at-Arms will now execute the order 6f
the House made at its session last evening.
The Sergeant-at-Arms submitted a report
which was read, as follows :
Pursuant to the order of the Ilouse, I caused the
following named members to be brought before its
bar for being absent without leave: John D. Bald-
win, Header w. Clarke, Henry L. Dawes, James
M. Marvin, James K. Moorhead, David A. Nunn,
Tobias A. Plants, Luke P. Poland, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Glkxni W. Scofield, Charlb3 Sitgreaves,
worthinoton 0. smith, P. van trump, william
B. Washburn:, F. li. Woodbridce, all of whom by
vote of the House were allowed to take their seats.
I also had the following members before the bar of
the House, as per order, when further action under
the call was dispensed with: George 8. Boutwell,
H. P. 11. Bromwell, .] amert A. Garfield, Thomas L.
Jones, A. 11. Laflin, Horace Maynauji, Theodore
M. POMEROY, li B. WaSHBURNE, wllliam WlNDOil,
Asa P. Gkover, S. S. Marshall.
The following-named members are absent from the
city: George M.Adams. James Jl. Ashley, N. P.
Banks, Thomas Cornell, Darwin A. Finney, John
Fox, John A. Gkiswuld, 11. D.Hubbard, C. T. Hul-
burd, James M. Humphrey, B. M. Kitchen, IIikam
McCullough, John Morrissey, William Mungen,
John A. Peters, William li. Kobinson, John P. C.
Shanks, Rcfus P. Spalding, Ginery Twiohkll. II.
Van Aernam, 0.11. VanWyck, U. (J. Wasiiburn, II.
D. Washburn, S. F. Wilson, James F. Wilson,
George W.Woodward, II. L. (Jake.
Mr. PRICE. If this is the proper time to
make the statement, I wish to say that I believe
my colleague, [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,] who
is reported as absent wiLhout leave, has leave
of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he has
not. He spoke to the Chair about asking leave,
but finally concluded not to do so.
Mr. BUTLER. As one who was on the
floor during the whole session of the House
last evening, 1 desire to move that all the gen-
tlemen reported as absentees be excused ; and
I will state the reason. There was a quorum
in the House when those gentlemen left, and
there was never a time during the eveuingwhen
the Ilouse was without a quorum. If that
quorum had acted, there would have been no
need of a call of the House. It was an anom-
alous occasion, and not, I believe, subject to
any precedent. Upon my motion I call the
previous question.
Mr. HARDING. I sincerely hope the mo-
tion will not prevail.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof, the motion of Mr. Butler
was agreed to.
smithsonian institution.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the
Smithsonian Institution ; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GAIiFiELD. I submit a motion for
the printing of extra copies.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be re-
ferred under the law to the Committee on
Printing.
leave of absence.
Messrs. Makvix, Woodbridge, Broomaix,
and Chaxler obtained indefinite leave of
absence.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment joint resolution
(H. R. No. 279) in relation to the breakwater
at Portland, Maine. \
recusant witness. \ /
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire «
detain the House only a moment longer. I
wish to say that the court, in the decision I
have cited, expressly declares that the power
of the House to commit for contempt extends
to imprisonment until at least the adjournment
of the body. I desire to read one passage fur-
ther from the decision in answer to the argu-
ments which are made against the exercise of
this power. In commenting upon such argu-
ments the court say:
" The argument obviously, leads to the total anni-
hilation of the power of tlie House of Representatives
to guard itself from contempts, and leavesit exposed
to every indignity and interruption that rudeness,
caprice, or even conspiracy may meditate against it.
lhis result is fraughtwith too much absurdity not to
bring into doubt the soundness of any argument from
which it is derived. J,ha t a deliberative assembly,
elotned with the majesty of the people and charged
with the caro of all that is dear to them; composed
of the mostdistmguished citizens, selected and drawn
together from every quarter of a great nation, whoso
deliberations are required by publio opinion to be
conducted under the eye of the public, and whoso
decisions must be clothed with all that sanctity
which unlimited confidence in their wisdom and
purity can inspire; that such an assembly should not
possess the power to suppress rudeness or icpelinsult
is a supposition too wild to be suggested."
The court therefore hold the defense was
a bar to the justification of the alleged false
imprisonment.
Mr. BECK rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield the floor now for
ten minutes to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, in the very
few moments allotted to me it is not possible
for me to enter into any discussion of the law
further than to say the records of the House
show in reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio, that Mr. Woolley, upon the floor
of this House, volunteered to appear here and
to answer any and every question the House
itself might judge to be a proper question to be
answered by him. His objection is to the
committee of seven who have to maintain the
lost cause of impeachment, and are becoming
but enraged partisans; and he asked to have an
appeal from that ex parte committee, in which
he has not a single friend and where his coun-
sel cannot appear. He asked for an appeal
from such a secret, prejudiced, inquisitorial
tribunal to this House, but that committee of
seven refused an appeal to this higher, fuller
court. In lieu thereof they proposed to create,
and to incarcerate him in, a dungeon in this
Capitol.
Sir, there are two resolutions before this
House, one being involved in the other, first
to create a dungeon and to make it a perpetual
prison in the basement, in the underground
part of the Capitol, designated, as convict
places usually are, not as carpeted committee-
rooms, but as "A and B" where, hereafter
all offenders of the majesty of the gentlemen
from Ohio and Massachusetts are to be cast.
Now, it is falsely alleged, in an order to give
dignity to this prison, that these rooms A
and B are opposite the rooms of the Court of
Claims. It is not true.
Mr. BUTLER. Solicitor of the Court of
Claims.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, this is not
true as stated in the resolution. The room
of the solicitor of the Court of Claims is a very
large room in the basement in the western
part of this Capitol on the same floor, to be
sure, with A and B, with two windows, one
looking out upon the beautiful and free grounds
on the west and the other upon the south, with
a dark dungeon-like wall intervening between
the room intended for the prison, in which is
only one window to illuminate the prisoner.
The only light a man can have is by looking
out upon another wing of the Capitol, under
which the fires of a blazing furnace to move
the engine that ventilates this Capitol, are ever
glaring upon him. Room B is a nasty dungeon,
with a grate in the door in the hall in front,
such as is usual in dungeons intended for the
use of prisoners incarcerated within for high
crimes, where no air, no ventilation, no open
light, no view, save upon the inner and reeking
walls of an ill-kept basement of the Capitol.
This is intended for his sleeping-room, and it
would be fatal to sleep long there this hot
weather. It is now wet and moldy from damp-
ness, and is used as a storage house for the
lumber of the Capitol. To put him there is
to doom him to a living death, with rats only
for companions, or cockroaches that are eating
up the rotting public documents thereabout.
But what is worse than all this is, the man-
agers propose to establish a perpetual prison
in this Capitol, intended for auy victim that
may be designated. This Capitol of afree couu-
