204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
major general hancock.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
Gentlemen of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives:
An official copy of the order issued by Major
General Wintield S. Hancock, commander of
the fifth military district, dated headquarters
in New Orleans, Louisiana, on the 29th day
of November, has reached me through the reg-
ular channels of the War Department, and I
herewith communicate it to Congress for such
action as may seem to be proper in view of all
the circumstances.
It will be perceived that General Hancock
announces that he will make the law the rule
of his conduct; that he will uphold the courts
and other civil authorities in the performance
of their proper duties, and that he will use his
military power only to preserve the peace and
enforce the law. He declares very explicitly
that the sacred right of the trial by jury and
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be crushed out or trodden under foot. He
goes further, and in one comprehensive sen'
tence asserts that the principles of American
liberty are still tne inheritance of this people
and ever snould be.
When a ^reat soldier with unrestricted
power in his hands to oppress his fellow-men
voluntarily foregoes the chance of gratifying
his selfish ambition and devotes himself to the
duty of building up the liberties and strength-
ening ihe laws of his country, he presents an
example of the highest public virtue that
human nature is capable of practicing. The
strongest claim of Washington to be ''first in
war, first in peace, and first in the hearts of his
countrymen'' is founded on the great fact that
in all his illustrious career he scrupulously
abstained from violating the legal and consti-
tutional rights of his fellow-citizens. When
he surrendered his commission to Congress
the President of that body spoke his highest
praise in saying that he had " always regarded
the rights of the civil authorities through all
dangers and disasters." Whenever power
above the law courted his acceptance he
calmly put the temptation aside. By such
magnanimous acts of forbearance he won the
universal admiration of mankind, and left a
name which has no rival in the history of the
world.
I am far from saying that General Hancock
is the only officer of the American Army who
is influenced by the example of Washington.
Doubtless thousands of tliem are faithfully
devoted to the principles for which the men
of the Revolution laid down their lives. But
the distinguished honor belongs to him of being
the first officer in high command south of the
Potomac, since the close of the civil war, who
has given utterance to these noble sentiments
in the form of a military order.
I respectfully suggest to Congress that some
public recognition of General Hancock's pat-
riotic conduct is due, if not to him, to the
friends of law and justice throughout the coun-
try. Of such an act as his at such a time it is
but fit that the dignity should be vindicated
and the virtue proclaimed, so that its value as
an example may not be lost to the nation.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington-, D. C., December 18, 1867.
Mr. COVODE. I am anxious to know
whether that is genuine or whether it is a hoax.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is a message from the
President.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know if it
is not in order for me to offer a resolution of
thanks to General Hancock at this time?
The SPEAKER. It would be by unanimous
consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous consent
of the House for that purpose.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
resolution be read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to offer the ordi- I
nary resolution, such a one as was passed by
this House not long ago in relation to General
Sheridan.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not remem-
ber the exact phraseology of that resolution.
The gentleman should reduce it to writing.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message be
laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move that fifty thousand extra
copies of the message be printed for the use of
th£ House.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing under
the law.
A few minutes afterward,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, having obtained the
floor,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: Will the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] yield to me to offer
a resolution in relation to General Hancock?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The gentleman
can obtain the floor after this subject has been
disposed of.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyer] had the resolution
drawn up when the message was read. I desire
to offer that resolution now.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield for
that purpose.
rights of naturalized citizens.
Mr. EGOLESTON, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions from the city council of
Cincinnati, and of a large mass meeting of the
citizens of Cincinnati, protesting against the
treatment of adopted citizens by foreign na-
tions ; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
meters for distilleries.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent,
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to report to this House forthwith the fol-
lowing facts:
First. The names and residence of distillers and
others who have deposited money under the law, or
under the requirements of the department of inter-
nal revenue, lor meters known as the "Tice" meters,
and also the amount paid by each. -
Second. Whether the money so paid in has been
covered into the Treasury of the United States; if
not, what has been done therewith; where it has
been deposited: whether the same has been drawing
interest, and who, if any person or persons, has re-
ceived or is to receive interest or other benefit from
said deposit.
Third. The amount of distilled spirits now in bond,
and the plnce where located.
Fourth. The effcct of the circular issued by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue closing all tho
distilleries in the United States on the loth day of
May, A. D. 1867, unless they made certain deposits
of money with the district collector, for the purpose
of procuring meters on or before that day.
iijth. lloiv many distilleries were closed by reason
of su-h order.
Sixth. The number of gallons of spirits which had
been made by these distilleries during the six months
immediately preceding the 15th day of May, 18G7.
Seventh. The amount that each one of these distil-
leries so closed was required to pay or deposit for said
meters.
Eighth. Whether said meters have been furnished
to such distilleries as complied with the order to de-
posit money, and if so, when, and w)*at prices were
paid thereior.
No objection was made; and the resolution
was entertained.
The question was upon the adoption of the
resolution. .
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. MUNGEN. My object in offering the
resolution at this time is in order to give the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue an oppor-
tunity during the holidays to get up the inform-
ation asked for. I am satisfied that the pro-
ceeding in regard to meters has lost to this
Government a very heavy amount of money
in the shape of internal revenue.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I think the reso-
lution had better be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
reconstruction.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now call up the
motion submitted by me on the Gth of this
month, to reconsider the vote by which the
House oil the 5th instant referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary the bill of the House
No. 214, being a bill to facilitate the restora-
tion of the late rebel States, and for other
purposes.
The question was ou the motion to recon-
sider.
• Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Let the bill be
read.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that since the organization of revolutionary
State governments in the late rebel States of
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louisi-
ana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Texas, and Virginia, no constitutional
State governments have existed in said States;
that the Congress of the United States failed
to provide by law for the removal of disloyal
men now administering said illegal or pretended
State governments; and that the Government
of the United States cannot recognize the right
of men to hold office, even under a provisional
or temporary government, who cannot take the
oath of office prescribed by law.
The bill therefore provides that the conven-
tions which have been or which may hereafter
be elected, convened, and organized in either
of the late rebel States of Alabama, Arkansas,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, and Virginia,
as provided in the act of March 2, 1807, and
the several acts supplementary thereto, shall
be authorized to elect by ballot a provisional
governor and an executive council of six com-
petent citizens, to administer, in such manner
as the convention electing them may prescribe,
the provisional governments in each of the said
States, during the continuance of such govern-
ments.
The second section provides that the pro-
visional governor and executive council thus
elected for each of said States shall, before
entering upon the discharge of their official
duties, take and subscribe the oath of office
prescribed by act of July 2, 1862; and the
compensation of the governor and executive
council are to be fixed by the convention and
paid out of the State treasury.
In the third section it is provided that the
! governors shall have authority, by and with the
I advice and approval of a majority of the exec-
i utive council thus elected, to remove all per-
i sons from office in their respective States who
| have been engaged in rebellion against the
I United States, or who have opposed the resto-
; ration of said States to their former relations
- in the Union, or who have neglected or refused
to take the oath of office prescribed by act of
| July 2, 1862, and to appoint in their stead loyal
! and competent men, under such rules and regu-
lations as the convention may prescribe, and all
persons appointed to office by the governor
and executive council aforesaid, before enter-
ing upon the duties of any office, are to take
and subscribe the oath prescribed by the act
aforesaid.
The fourth section proposes to enact that
from and after the meeting and organization
of the conventions now authorized by law in
either of the aforesaid States the authority
given district commanders by act of July 19,
1867, to remove from and appoint to civil office
any person iu such States shall be revoked.
The fifth section provides that so much of
the act of March 23, 1867, supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 4867, as provides that, unless
a majority of all the registered electors in
each State shall vote "for a convention," no
convention shall be held under that act, and
so much of the act as requires a majority of the
registered electors to vote for the ratification
and acceptance of any constitution which may
be framed and submitted by the conventions
authorized in the act aforesaid, as a condition
