1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
to its being transmitted by the presiding officer
of such convention to the President of the |
United State?, shall be repealed: and hereafter
a majority of the electors in such of the States
hereinbefore named who may vote at any elec-
tion authorized by the several acts aforesaid
are to be authority for the holding of such
conventions as are therein provided tor, and
for the ratification of any constitution framed
bv'such conventions and submitted to the qual-
ified electors for their acceptance.
The sixth section provides for the repeal of
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with tBe
provisions of this act.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I understand that
the Committee on Reconstruction have agreed
upon a bill substantially the same as mine with
the exception of the first section ; and I yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vexs] that he may report-the bill of the com*
mittee, reserving to myself the right to offer an
amendment to one of the sections.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] that
his bill is not yet before the House. It was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and a motion to reconsider was entered. Be-
fore the bill can come before the House the
motion to reconsider must prevail, and the
motion to refer must be voted down or with-
drawn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg the permission of
my colleague [Mr. Ashley, of Ohio] to make
a correction of his statement. I understood
him to say that the substance of the bill which
has just been read has, except the first section,
been agreed to by the Committee on Recon-
struction. As I understand, the substance of
his bill was rejected by that committee.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House. The question is on reconsidering the
vote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. BROOKS. I simply wish to embrace
this opportunity to demand the yeas and nays.
And 1 wish to say to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] (for we shall economize time
by understanding each other) that we on this
side are not disposed to move with very great
rapidity and without a fair opportunity for dis-
cussion. If this measure is to be driven through
wifhout debate i want to call for tfte yeas and
nays ; and if not, then I am as willing that the
bill should be discussed in this form as in any
other.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, sir, I intend
to yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] reserving to myself the right
to offer one amendment; for except in one
particular I am satisfied with the bill as agreed
upon by the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to know from
the gentleman from Ohio or the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether this bill is to be
put through with no opportunity allowed to
discuss lt«
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania So far as
I am concerned, I shall not call the previous
question till the bill has been discussed an
hour. It is a very short bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. For my part, I
am entirely willing that the discussion shall
run on to-day and to-morrow.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish to throw any
unnecessary obstacles in the way of the ma-
jority of the House. All I want is an oppor-
tunity to discuss the bill. I therefore withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the House reconsidered the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The question then recurred on the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I withdraw that
motion, and yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. •
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to strike out all after the enacting clause and
in lieu thereof to insert the following.
The Clerk read as follows :
Section 1. Be it enacted, That so much of tho fifth
section of an act passed March 23, 1867, entitled
"An act supplementary to an act to pmvide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States, passed
1 March 2, 1867, and to facilitate their restoration,"
i as requires that a majority of all the registered votes
| of the district shall be cast in favor of the ratlfi-
I cation of the constitution before it becomes valid*
i be, and the same is hereby, so far modified that a
i majority of the votes cast at the election for tho
! ratification or rejection of the Constitution shall be
considered as valid and as affirming or rejecting the
! constitution.
| Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the several
States which may be reconstructed under the act of
March 2,1867, and its supplements, may at the time
of voting upon the ratification of the constitution
vote also for members of Congress, who shall be enti-
tled to take their seat3inthe nextsession of Congress
after their several States shall have been admitted
into the Union; and until a new apportionment the
election for said members shall be according to the
districts as they existed in 1858 and 1859, except
when otherwise provided for; and the same elective
officers who make the return of the votes cast on the
ratification or rejection of the constitution shall
enumerate and'certify the votes east for the mem-
bers of Congress, and give certificates of election to
those having the largest number of votes and whom
they may deem entitled thereto.
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted. That until a new
apportionment shall be made of Representatives
South Carolina shall be entitled to six Representa-
tives, two of whom shall be elected by general ticket;
North Carolina eight Representatives, one of whom
shall be elected by general ticket; Georgia eight
Representatives, one of whom shall be elected by
general ticket; Florida, shall have one Representa-
tive ; Alabama eight, two of whom shall be elected
by general ticket; Mississippi six, ofleof whom shall
be elected by general ticket; Louisiana six, one of
whom shall be elected by general ticket; Texas
five, one of whom shall be elected by general ticket;
; Arkansas three; and Virginia 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to fill the blank with respect to Virginia with
number eleven. I wish also to modify so as
to insert the words "on taking the oath pre-
scribed by law."
Mr. BINGHAM. I now desire to .have
entered..the motion to strike out the third
section.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask to have the privi-
lege of moving the following as additional
sections:
Sec. 4. The several conventions which have assem-
bled, or may assemble, under the act of March 23,
1867, supplementary to the act of March 2,1867, to
provide tor the more efficient government of the
rebel States, have power to provide by ordinance Con-
temporary civil governments in the several States
mentioned in said acts, which shall continue only
until the organization of permanent civil govern-
ments therein under constitutions framed, adopted,
and ratified in pursuance of said acts and any amend-
ments thereof; and also, so far as may be deemed
necessary, for the appointment of the proper officers
to administer such temporary governments; and the
several provisional governm ents now existing in said
States shall thereupon, unless continued in whole or
in part by such ordinance, ceaso to have or exercise
any authority therein.
Sec. 5. The commanders of the several military
districts established by the said act of March 2,
1867, shall aid and sustain tho temporary civil gov-
ernments thus established for States within their
respective districts so far as may be necessary to en-
force the authority of the said governments and of
their officers under the ordinances providing for the
Same respectively.
_ Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, Tbatsaid conven-
tions be, and they are hereby, empowered to enfran-
chise all citizens of their respective States who have
proved their loyalty by aiding in the work of recon-
struction.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. The substitute of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is in the nature of
an amendment, and there is already an amend-
ment to an amendment to strike ont the third
section.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that. Itisnot
in order. We considered that question in the
committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to know whether,
when the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio shall have been disposed of, either by
being adopted or rejected, it will be in order to
move these additional sections as an amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. If when the debate closes
on this bill the previous question shall be moved
on the amendment to the substitute alone it
will exhaust itself upon that amendment, and
then another amendment to the substitute will
be in order; but if the previous question shall
be called on the bills and pending amendments
it will not exhaust itself until the third reading
of the bill. 6
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I give notice that
if I can get an opportunity to do so I will move
this amendment when the bill comes to be
acted on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
which gentleman claims the floor—the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] or the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steyess?]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not desire to
take it from the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, 1 believe
that the bill and the proposed amendments
have not been printed; and it seems to me'
that the House, in considering so grave a
matter as this, should have the bill and the
amendments printed and before it. The gen-
tleman has given notice that he shall not move
the previous question within an hour, and it is
to be presumed that at the end of an hour the
previous question will be demanded, and we
shall be called upon to vote on the bill. I,
for one, am opposed to considering measures
of this grave importance without their being
printed. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will yield for that purpose, or if it is in order
for me to make the motion now, I will move
that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed for the present and the proposed
amendments be printed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That i3
not in order, sir.
• Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I give notice that
if the previous question is voted down, as I
hope it will be, I shall make that motion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, there is always some objection to
everything I ever heard of on the earth or in
heaven. [Laughter.] Now, sir, here is a
bill which we have been petitioned to pass
before the vacation, and it is the simplest thing
in the world. The bill has been printed and
is on our files and every gentleman has had a
fair opportunity of reading it and understand-
ing it. It is simple enough, and I can explain
it in five minutes so that no man can misun-
derstand it.
In the first place it restores the majority
principle in voting on the constitution of the
reconstructed States. In the second place it
provides for the election of Representatives in
Congress by those States at the same time the
constitutions are voted on, and provides fur-
ther that when the constitutions are ratified
and declared valid, and these States are de-
clared entitled to representation, those Rep-
resentatives so elected shall be admitted into
this House upon taking the legal oath, and not
before.
Well, now, sir, that is the whole of my hill
except that which my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] proposes to strike out. And here,
by the by, let me modify my substitute by put-
ting the number of Representatives from Vir-
ginia at eight. The third section leaves the
apportionment as it was in 1860, only adding
the additional number to which the States are
entitled in consequence of the liberation of the
negroes and the consequent change in the basis
of representation. If any gentleman objects
to that he can vote to strike out that section.
For my own part I think the States are entitled
to the proposed representation here.
Now, sir, that is the whole bill. I do not
know if there is anything in it to which any
gentleman can object; 1 cannot perceive it
myself.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard,] which I understand
proposes to give authority to the conventions
that are to frame constitutions to form provis-
ional governments that are to supersede the
present military governments, strikes merather
favorably. I find that the most horrible mur-
