1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2673
to proceed in order ; and there wer„e—ayea.44,
noes 66. __
Mr. ElE>RIDGE. I demand the yeas^lid
nays.
Mr. BLAINE. The question is not under-
stood here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has endeavored
to make it plain.
Mr. BLAINE. Is it that the gentleman shall
proceed in order without haying the eommuni
cation read? For one, I am perfectly willing
that the gentleman shall have his time, but I
am not willing that the communication shall be
read.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is just the question.
Mr. BROOKS. That is all 1 ask—that you
shall give me my time.
Mr. BLAINE. If the paper is withdrawn,
the gentleman can have unanimous consent to
go on.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that the
paper is withdrawn, and there is no question
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The objection of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is
not withdrawn. The gentleman from New
York withdraws the paper. Does the gentle-
man from Massachusetts withdraw his objec-
tion to the gentleman proceeding?
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to withdraw the paper?
The SPEAKER. He so stated to the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I am willing he shall
go on.
Mr. BROOKS. Suppose I go on and read
the paper, and leave out-all the objectionable
words ?
Mr. BUTLER. Then I do not withdraw the
objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] must state to the
Chair whether he does or does not withdraw
his objection. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is allowed to proceed, he
will have three minutes in which to speak.
Mr. BUTLER. Unless he withdraws the
paper entirely, and does not refer to it, I must
object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask a par-
liamentary question.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken upon allowing
Mr. Brooks to proceed in order; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 61, nays 69, not
voting (59; as follows:
YEAS—,\TArcher, Baker, Barnes, Beck, Ben-
ton, Biair, Buyer,Burr, Cary, Chanler, Churchill,Cor-
nell, Cullom, Driggs, Eldridge, Ferry, Gctz, fcfloss-
brenner, Golladay, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Hill,
HotchirioS. Ingcrsoll. Johnson, Jones, Ken, Knott,
Koontz, George V. Lawrence. Marshall, Marvin,
McCormick, Morgan, Nibh.ck, Nicholson, Phelps,
Poland, Ross, Sitsreaves, Stewart, Stone, Lawrence
S. Trimble. Van Auken, Van Trump, EiihuB. Wash-
burne, Wmdorn, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Beaman, Beatty.
Bingham, Boutweil, Bromwell, Broomall, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb. Coburn, Covode, Dawes, Hggleston,
Ela. Farnsworth, Ferns, Fields, Gariield, Harding,
Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.Hubbard, Hun-
ter, J udd, Julian, Kcllcy. William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy,
McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mulling,
Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pcr-
ham, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poisley, Pomeroy, Price,
Itaum, Sawyer, Sehenck, Seoiicld, Shcllabarger,
Smith, Starkweather. Aaron F. Stevens, Taffc, John
Trimble, TiOAvbridge, Burt Van Horn, RobertT. Van
Horn, William Williams.and John T. Wilson—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Benjamin, Blame, Brooks,
Back!and, Butler, Cake, Header W. Clarke, Cook,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eekley, Eliot, Finney, Fox,
Gravely, Halsey, Hawkins, Holman, Asahcl \V. Hub-
bard, Kichard D. HubbardvHulburd, Humphrey,
Jonckes, Kclsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Latlin, Logan,
Lynch, McCullough.Moorhead, Morrissey, Mungon,
Peters, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Selyc,
Shanks, Spalding. Tliaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Tabor,
Taylor, Thomas, Twiehcll, Upson, Van Aernam, Van
Wjck, Ward, Cadwahider C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welkcr, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wil-
son—60.
So Mr. Brooks was not allowed to proceed.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 168.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] is now entitled to the floor for
thirty-five minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] for ten
minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know, Mr.
Speaker, whether in speaking upon this ques-
tion I can conduct myself so orderly as to be
allowed to proceed. I will remark, however,
that in regard to this individual, Mr. Woolley,
I am impelled by no motive of friendship or
even of acquaintance toward hirn in making
the remarks which I intend to make. I never
saw to my recollection the gentleman before he
was brought here the other day in charge of
the Sergeant-at- Arms. And any remarks I may
make will be as applicable to any other indi-
vidual, under like circumstances, as to him.
I insist first, upon the record as it stands
before this House, as presented by the com-
mittee, and the answer made by Mr. Woolley
here, that he is not in contempt of this House ;
that he has done no act and said nothing which
should bring him into contempt of this House.
I know very well that I cannot argue the
questions growing out of this resolution, in
the ten minnt.es accorded to me under the
arbitrary and imperious ruling of the majority
of the House, but must content myself with
barely stating the proposition. I assert that
the refusal of the witness to answer improper
questions, or alleged improper questions, does
not constitute a contempt of the House. But
when the committee come before the House, and
obtain an order of the House, which order the
witness fails or refuses to perform, then he is
in contempt of the House, and not until then.
Unless this be so, the witness is subject abso-
lute^' to Ihe will and caprice of whatevercom-
mittee may be authorized to examine him. He
may be subject to their ill temper, hatred,
malice, or whatever other passion may inspire
them in their investigation. I now read from
Cushing's Parliamentary Law, page 08a :
"The only course properfora witness to pursue, in
such a case, would be either to answer the question
substantially, and without regaid to its lorm, or to
decline answer and to refer it to the House for their
consideration.
" In regard to the phraseology of the questions
which are put to a witness, and the language of the
answers returned by him while under examination,
it is to be observed on the one hand that the witness
is ill the protection of the House, that no question
ought to be permitted to be put to him which is
couched in disrespectful terras, and that no insulting
or abusive language or conduct toward him ought to
b« allowed."
Now, I say that if the witness alleges that he
has been subjected to insulting and abusive
treatment, or has had language of that char-
acter addressed to him, he has a right, either
through his counsel or in person, or by a mem-
ber of this House, to come in here and state
that ill treatment, and make his proper com-
pln'ut; and I contend that even the communi-
cation from the witness, Woolley, which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bgooes]
undertook to read, or have read, as part of
his speech, was perfectly legitimate and proper
to be read here; and it was the duty of this
committee, whenever the witness found fault
with their questions or their treatment of him,
and made a. proper objection thereto, to pre-
sent to tins House, truthfully, carefully, and
exactly, what occurred, that the House might
pass upon the matter and determine the pro-
priety of the conduct of the committee.
I read further from the authority to maintain
this position:
"And any member, counsel, or party who, in ex-
amining a witness, should insult or abuse him, would
subject himself to the censure and punishment of
the House."
How else is the witness, if he be insulted,
abused, or ill-treated, to present his case to
this House except through a member of the
House? But I cannot, dwell upon that point.
This is a very important question, involving
no less than the personal liberty of a citizen ;
but I do not know whether this House will
pause, will deliberate, will consider; but in
a ease of this kind under consideration iu the
Parliament of Great Britain, it was said, "The
House ought to pause before they come to a
decision upon a point in which the liberty of
the subject is so materialconcerned." I say
that this House ought to pause, oaght to de-
liberate, ought not to act passionately, ought
not to act as the committee act, if they are
inspired by passion or anger or disappoint-
ment or mortification at the failure of impeach-
ment, or by any feeling of animosity or hatred
toward this witness, whether personal or polit-
ical.
Sir, let us see what is the precise question
between the committee and the witness. If
there is any contempt on the part of the witness
charged in the resolution, it is in refusing to
answer with regard to this telegram. Let me
read the facts as stated in the resolution :
" Question. The eommittee desire to know whether
on the Gth of May you telegraphed over the signa-
ture of 'Hooker' to Sheridan Shook, 'My business
is adjusted. Place ten to my credit with Gilliss, Har-
ney k Co., No. 24 Broad street'/'
" Question. Did you also telegraph to Sheridan
Shook, over the signature of 'Hooker,'on the 12th
of May, ' The five should be had. It may be abso-
lutely necessary?'
"Which question Woolley declined to answer, in
the following words, to wit:
/'This is a private and confidential communica-
tion, passing between counsel and client. It has
reference to business in that relation and to nothing
else, and Ins no reference whatever to the trial of
the President on the articles of impeachment pre-
ferred against him, nor to tne conduct or result of
the trial, nor the vote of any persona on the trial,
nor any allusion thereto whatever. That is my an-
swer."
This is the only real issue between the wit-
ness and the committee. The refusal to an-
swer the question with regard to this telegram
is the only contempt charged by the commit-
tee. This is the only question he is alleged
to have declined to answer. He has answered
all the others; at all events, this is the only
refusal shown by the report.
The witness may have answered the others
falsely or evasively; he may have failed to
answeras theeomrnittee wanted him to answer;
but he has answered the question in reference
to the money. He has answered, if you please,
in his own way. If there is a contradiction
between this witness and Sheridan Shook it
can make no difference—he may have testified
falsely, or Shook may have testified falsely. If
the committee had doubts upon this question,
their duty was to bring those witnesses before
them face to face, and there examine them to
see which of them tells the truth. I repeat,
that the only question is with reference to this
telegram ; and the witness puts his refusal upon
the express ground that the communication, the
telegram inquired about, was private and con-
fidential, passing between counsel and client.
Where is the contradiction ? It is a mere infer-
ence from some statement of Shook. And in a
mere contradiction between these two witnesses
the House cannot decide bet ween the in until the
witness has had an opportunity to explain or
some testimony additional to show which is
right. To this point I read again from Cushing:
" In the House of Lords, where witnesses are sworn
and examined on oath, false testimony amounts to
the legal crime of perjury, and is |juni.-.hub!e ad
such by prosecution in the courts ot ordiuai\ ciiiit-
inal jurisdiction, lienee it does not appear t.  i'C
customary there to punish false evidence as a con-
tempt."
Sohere, if these witnesses, or either of them,
have testified falsely, he is guilty of peijuiy by
our law, and subject to the penalties of peijury.
But if either has perjured himself, how is this
House to determine which it is? Certainly
we cannot presume, in the absence of proof,
that it is Woolley.
The contradiction between these witnesses,
therefore, is no contempt. The only contempt,
if any, as I said before, is in-refusiugto answer
with reference to this private and confidential
telegram. Now, on the subject of confidential
communications, I read from Greenleuf on
Evidence:
"And in the first, place, in regard to professional
communications, the reason ot public policy which
exclude.-, them, applies solely, as we shall presently
show, to those between a client and his legal adviser;
and the rule is clear and well settled that the conn-
