1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
1640
ton from forthwith resuming the functions of the
office of Secretary for the Department of War, not-
withstanding the refusal of the Senate to concur in
the suspension therefore made by said Andrew John-
son, of said Edwin M. Stanton from said office of
Secretary for the Department of War, and also by
further unlawfully devising and contriving, and at-
tempting to devise and contrive means then and
there to prevent the execution of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the fiscal year ending June 30,1868,
and for other purposes,'" approved March 2,1867, and
also to prevent the execution of an act entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2,1867; whereby the
said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, did then, to wit: on the 21st day of February,
1868, at the city of Washington, commit and was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
And the Houseof Representatives, byprotestation,
saving to themselves the liberty of exhibiting at any
time hereafter any further articles or other accusa-
sation or impeachment againstthe said Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, and also of reply-
ing to his answers which he shall ina,ke unto the arti-
cles herein preferred against him, and of offering
proof to the same and every part thereof, and to all
and every other article, accusation, or impeachment
which shall be exhibited by them, as the case shall
require, do demand that the said Andrew Johnson
may be put to answer the high crimes and misde-
meanors in office herein charged against him, and
that such proceedings, examinations, trials, and judg-
ments may be thereupon had and given as may be
agreeable to law and justice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate will take due order upon the subject of im-
peachment, of which proper notice will be given
to the House of Representatives.
^ The managers of the House of Representa-
tives, accompanied by the Speaker and a large
number of members-of the House who had been
present during the presentation of the articles
of impeachment, withdrew from the Senate
Chamber.
executive communications.
The* PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating estimates from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs for an appropriation to meet
the outstanding indebtedness of the Indian
service in California incurred during the years
1800 to 1807 inclusive; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs*
He also presented a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury communicating a letter
from the director of the Bureau of Statistics
in relation to the joint resolution abolishing
said Bureau 5 which, on motion of Mr. Wil-
liams, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also presented a letter of the Secretary
of the Interior, communicating papers repre-
senting the necessity of an appropriation to
carry into effect the stipulations of the treaty
with the Sisseton and W aupeton bands of Da-
kota or Sioux Indians, concluded February 19,
1807; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate the following
communication from the Attorney General:
Attorney General's Office,
Washington, March 4,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of the resolution of the Senate of February 29, 1868.
calling for information in relation to the case of
Lucius P. Bryan, some time under indictment in the
United States court for the district of Connecticut for
the offense of robbing the mails.
In reply to said resolution I have the honor to
state that upon a careful investigation of the papeis
presented to me by Senator Dixos-, copies of which
are herewith transmitted, I deemed it my duty to
direct the United States Attorney to enter a nolle
prosequi. No previous inquiry was made of the dis-
tiict attorney, as the assistant, district attorney, who
had immediate charge of thecase, and was personally
cognizant of the (acts, fully certified to the correct-
ness of the statements upon which the order was
made, nnd recommended a nolle prosequi. I am not
advised as to what course has been taken, under the
order, by the district attorney.
£ have the honor to be, vr>ry respectfully, your
obedient sorvant, HENRY SXANBEliY, t
Attorney General.
Hon. B. F, Wadk, President of the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. DIXON. I should like to have the
other papers in that case read. I should like
to know what they are.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be read if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is
any.occasion for that.
40th Ooxr. 2d Skfp.—No. 104.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the papers be
printed and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION TO IMPEACHMENT TRIAL.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the assent of the
Senator who is entitled to the floor I desire to
offer an order that is appropriate at this time:
Ordered, That during the trial of the impeachment
now pending no person besides those who now have
the privilege of the floor shall be admitted to the
galleries, or to that portion of the Capitol set apart
for the use of the Senate and its officers, except upon
tickets to be issued by the Sergeant-at-Arms. Such
tickets shall be numbered, and shallbegood only for
the day on which they are dated. The number of
tickets issued shall not excoed the number of per-
sons who can be comfortably seated in the galleries,
leaving the steps and passages entirely free. The
portion of the gallery set apart for the diplomatic
corps shall be exclusively appropriated to it, and
tickets of admission thereto shall be issued to the
foreign legations. Four tickets shall be issued to
each Senator, two tickets to each member of the
House of Representatives, two tickcts to the Chief
Justice and to each justice of tho Supromo Court of
the United States, two tickets to the chief justice
and to each justice of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and two tickets to the chief
justice and to each judge of the Court of Claims.
Sixty tickets shall be issued by the Presiding Officer
to the reporters for the press, and the remaining
tickets shall bo distributed under bis direction.
The Sergeant-at-Arms, under the direction of the
Presiding Officer of the Senate, shall carry out these
regulations, and, with the approbation of the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses, shall be authorized
to employ such additional force as may be necessary
for the preservation of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather that would
lie oil the table until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made it lies over under the rule.
FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the funding
bill, which I believe is the pending order.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 207) forfund-
ing the national debt and for the conversion of
the notes of the United States, the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Hender-
son to amend the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance in section one, line seven, by
striking out the word "five" and inserting
" four" before tho words " per cent."
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask that the first
section of the amendment of the committee be
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
That tho Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue registered or coupon bonds of the
United States in such form and of such denomina-
tions as he may prescribe, payable, principal and in-
terest, in coin, and bearing interest at the rate ot five
percent, per annum, payable semi-annually, and
bearing date so as to require thepaymentof an caual
amount of the interest quarterly; such bonds to be
payable in forty.yea.rs from date, and to bo redeem-
able in coin at the pleasure of the United States after
ten years from date, to be issued to an amount suffi-
cient to cover all outstanding or existing obligations
of the United States other than the existing' tiyo per
cent, bonds, and to be exchanged for such obliga-
tions or disposed of in such manner a,nd on such
terms, not less than par, astheSeeretaryoftheTrcas-
ury may deem most conducive to the interests of the
Government: and the said bonds and the proceeds
thereof shall be exclusively used for the redemption
of or in exchange for the existing securities of the
United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, it will
be exceedingly difficult to invest a subject of
this character at present with any interest. I
feel, however, that it is the most important
question pending before us at this time, and
yet other subjects have unquestionably en-
grossed public attention, and not only Senators,
but ethers, approach this subject with a great
deal of reluctance. I propose to confine my-
self as closely as I canto the amendment which
I have offered to the bill. Senators will see
that the proposition is to fund the public debt
of the United States in a five per cent, security.
My motion is to strike out five per cent, and
insert four per cent.
The proposition contained in the bill is to
fund all the public securities, except the ten-
forties already issued, into a five-per cent, stock,
redeemable after ten years and payable, at the
end of forty years. The ten-foriies already
negotiated bear five per cent, interest, paid
semi-annually, and are by express terms pay-
able, both principal and interest, in gold.
There is 110 express stipulation as to how (lie
principal of any other bonds is to be paid. The
principal of some of the Treasury notes is ppy-
able in legal-tender notes. The interest of a
part of the debt is payable in gold, that of
another part is payable in lawful money, while
a portion of the debt bears no interest at all.
The official statement of the public debt, made
on the first of February, presents au exhibit
substantially as follows, namely:
Debt bearing coin interest $1,912,363,011 80
Debt bearing currency interest  308,708,630 00
Matured debt not presented for pajr-
ment, chiefly bearing currency in-
terest   12,888,169 19
Debt bearing no interest, including
United States notes, fractional cur-
rency, and gold certificates  418,024,845 51
Total $2,651,384,086 50
If we deduct from this amountthe ten-forties,
amounting to $207,739,200, wehavethe amount
authorized to be funded under this bill, namely,
$2,443,045,486 50. But the holders of gold
certificates will not fund, of course, and the
creditors may choose to carry $400,000,000 of
the debt in the shape of legal-tender- United
States notes. If so, the fuiided debt will bo
as follows:
Now consols, five per cent $2,014,026,206 50
Old teu-torties, five per ceut  207,73!),200 GO
Total - $2,221,765,406 50
The annual interest on this sum would be
$112,574,234 30.
If the legal-tender notes should remain in
volume as they now are (§356,000,000) the
annual interest would be ($114,760,275 95,) say
in round numbers $115,000,000.
The total amount of indebtedness issued
under acts of Congress prior to February 25,
1802, is comparatively small, and it is possible
that under prudent management such indebt-
edness could be paid off' as it matures. The
main body of the debt consists of five-twenties,
amounting at the February statement to near
SI,400,000,000, to which must soon be added
the seven-thirties, the compound-interest notes,
the three per cent, certificates, and other float-
ing indebtedness, amounting to about three
hundred million dollars.
Mr. MORTON. For the purpose of having
a correct understanding ot the statement of the
Senator, with his permission, 1 should like to
ask whether he includes in the gross amount
to be funded which he has named what are
called the sixes of 1881.
Mr. HENDERSON. I state that they may
be funded under this bill. The Senator will
see that as the bill now stands reported by the
chairman of the committee all indebtedness
may be funded except the ten-forties. I do
not say that they will be funded, but they may-
be funded, and if funded the whole funded
debt would be $2,443,000,000.
Mr. MORTON. 1 believe those bonds con-
tain no right of redemption before tliey are due.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose they will
not be funded.
It is this indebtedness of about seventeen
hundred million dollars about which the
controversy in regard to the mode of payment
has arisen. Some say it is legitimate and
proper for the Government to pay it off in
lawful money—that is, in greenbacks. Others
contend that it must be discharged in coin
only. Some insist that it may not only be paid
in paper promises, but that the Government
may rightfully issue new and additional prom-
ises for that purpose, while others—like the
chairman of the Finance Committee, Mr. Sher-
man—admitting the right to pay in greenbacks,
insist that during the process of payment
the Government cannot legally or honorably
issue exceeding §400,000,000 of legal-tender
