266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
ders and outrages that it is possible for man
to imagine are daily being committed in these
States without there beingany power anywhere,
or at least any effort made, to punish the
perpetrators.
I received two letters this morning from New
Orleans, from which I learn that since General
Hancock has been thers the country has been
in a condition not equaled by anything from
the worst times of La Vendue to the present
time. And I am satisfied that Texas is in pre-
cisely the same condition.
N ow, I am for giving the people, which in
those States are the conventions, the right, as
soon as they have framed their constitutions,
signed them, and sent them forth to the people,
to establish their own governments and elect
their own officers until all these matters shall
be finally arranged and these outlawed States
shall be rehabilitated.
I have neither the ability nor the inclination
to say many words upon this subject at this
time. But I have given, in as distinct lan-
guage as I can, the precise provisions of this
measure. In my opinion there is not one
of them that is not a proper one for us to
enact.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I find no
objection to the first and second sections of
the bill reported by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] from the Committee
on Reconstruction. The first section, as the
gentleman has very well said, simply restores
the majority principle to the States lately in
insurrection. The House will remember that I
made an endeavor when the reconstruction bill
was being pressed upon this House to exclude
from it the terms which now embarrass the
people in their action. This first section,
therefore, is to put into the law that which I
sought to have placed in it in the first place—
the right of the majority voting to determine
the result. That I believe to be the general
if not the universal rule in the several States
of tLio Union.
The second section maybe deemed by many
gentlemen to be altogether unnecessary, for
it may be held that the people of the late
insurrectionary States, in the event of their
ratifying forms of constitutional government,
have the right, under the Constitution and
existing laws, to proceed to the election of
Representatives in Congress in accordance with
the provisions of the existing law apportioning
Representatives among the several States ot'
the Union. The second section, therefore, is
only in aid of the law, and those who desire to
see those States speedily represented in Con-
gress cannot well object to it.
The third section which the gentleman re-
ports is that which I desire to have stricken
from this bill, as violative alike of the spirit
ot the Constitution and of the existing legisla-
tion of Congress. The Congress of the United
States in the apportionment of Representa-
tives among the several States of this Union
is limited, in my judgment, to each decennial
period after the first census taken under the Con-
stitution. That is my first objection to the
third section of this bill. I do not recognize
the power implied by the proposed legislation
in this third section, in every succeeding Con-
gress, after the apportionment of representa-
tion in the mode prescribed by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to change the basis
of that apportionment. With me that objec-
tion would be all-sufficient to control the vote
which I shall give on the pending motion to
strike the third section from this bill; and if
that motion fails to control as well the vote
which I shall give against the bill with that
section in it. Under no conceivable circum-
stances will I consent to record my vote in
favor of this bill with that section retained,
either in the interest of the insurrectionary
States or of the States not in insurrection.
Mr. HIGBY. Does the third section of this
bill propose any change in the apportionment
of Representatives?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly it does. I now
come to that point.
By the apportionment of 1861 and 1862 South
Carolina was entitled to four Representatives
in this House. I ventured to say to gentlemen
on the committee what I deem it my duty to
say to this House—that the impression rests
upon my mind that the same Congress which
fixed that apportionment by some sort of leger-
demain passed a supplemental act giving to
South Carolina an additional Representative.
But it appears from the published report of the
proceedings of the House that no such thing
was accomplished, though I am sure it was at-
tempted. I take it for granted, from the pub-
lished report handed me by the Clerk of the
House, that what was done in the apportion-
ment of 1861 and 1862 is properly set forth
therein.
By that statement it appears that South Car-
olina is entitled to four Representatives, under
the apportionment constitutionally made in
1861 and 18C2. Now, by the third section of
this bill it is proposed that South Carolina shall
be entitled to six Representatives. What is her
population to-day ? Not more than six hun-
dred thousand—two hundred and forty thou-
sand whites and three hundred and sixty'thou-
sand blacks.
Ohio has to-day three million people; and
if this sort of thing is to be wrought in the
legislation of this country I demand to know
by what title South Carolina is to have any
greater representation on this floor, in propor-
tion to population, than the State of Ohio. I
venture to say that it is capable of demonstra-
tion, by the plainest rules of mathematics, that
if South Carolina with but six hundred thou-
i sand population is entitled to six Represent-
atives, Ohio with three millions of population
is entitled to thirty Representatives. If this
change is to be made I demand that it shall be
extended throughout the length and breadth
of the Union.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest a reason for this discrimination
in favor of South Carolina and against Ohio?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is because there are
not so many blacks in Ohio in proportion to
the population as there are in South Carolina.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say to the
gentleman, with all due respect, that that is
no answer whatever.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will allow
me one moment I would like to say that I do
not want to insist on anything which may
interfere with the passage of the bill. I there-
fore withdraw all that part of the bill which
refers to additional Representatives.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand, then, that
the chairman of the committee withdraws the
third section.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
only that part which proposes to make an addi-
tion to the number of Representatives to which
these States were formerly entitled.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say to the
gentleman—and I certainly would not quibble
with him at any time, and especially when
laboring, as he is now, undtr physical disabil-
ity—that the second section recognizes the right
of these States to representation according to
existing law.
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. Very well.
I withdraw the third section.
Mr. BROOHfJ obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] yield to me that I
may offer the amendment which I have already
indicated?
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield to the gentle-
man when I get through.
Mr. BROOKS then addressed the House.
[See Appendix.] At the conclusion of his
remarks he yielded to Mr. Maynard, pursuant
to promise, to offer an amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I thank the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] for his courtesy.
I avail myself of it to say that I will not embar-
rass this bill by proposing my amendment at
this time, but I will reserve it till some future
time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say a few words, and then I propose to call
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Faunsworth] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not propose to
detain the House long with what I have to
say. I rise not for the purpose of replying to
the philosophic and scientific argument of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] but
to call the attention of the House to the bill
under consideration.
As I understand it, there are but two sec-
tions to the bill now before the House, moved
as a substitute for the bill of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [l^r. Ashley.] The objcct
of this bill is to facilitate reconstruction and
restoration. Th.e first section, as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has
already told the House, restores the principle
of majorities in elections, which should never
have been departed from in the original legis-
lation of Congress upon this subject.
Now I will say this much to the House,
that in all probability, unless the first section
| of this bill is enacted into law, the constitu-
; tions adopted by the several States in the
| South will not be ratified by the people, if
there is required to vote for their ratification
a majority of all the voters registered. It is
undoubtedly known to the members of this
House that a great many of the voters in these
unreconstructed States have changed their
residences since they were registered. Poor
men are constantly being hired to go here or
there to work upon plantations or in other
places, thus losing their residences.
Then, too, as will be readily seen, every
vote that is not polled upon the ratification of
the constitution counts against it. It there-
fore seems to me to be not at all likely that a
majority of all the voters registered will be
polled in favor of these constitutions.
The first section provides that a majority of
the votes polled, whether for the ratification
or the rejection of the constitutions, shall con-
trol the result. That is all there is in that
section.
The second section provides that at the same
time the people in the States lately in insur-
rection vote upon the question of the ratifica-
tion or rejection of their constitutions they
shall also vote for Representatives in Congress.
The object of that section is to facilitate the
representation of those States in Congress, so
that they may not be kept out, after these States
shall have been reconstructed and their con-
stitutions duly ratified and adopted, until an-
other election is held for members of Congress,
but that as soon as any one of these States
shall have been declared by Congress to be
j entitled to representation their members, who
may be standing at the doors of the House of
Representatives, may take their seats as such
Representatives.
1 am sorry to find the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] opposing reconstruction
and restoration. I had hoped to find the whole
Democratic party in this House voting for every
measure that would facilitate the restoration
of these States to the Union. I am very sorry,
indeed, to find—for I suppose the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] has given the
key-note of his party here—-that they are
intending to oppose all facilities that may be
afforded to these States for an early and speedy
admission into the Union.
But I trust that there is good sense enough
and strength enough in this House to pass this
bill, notwithstanding that opposition, and to
pass it speedily, so that the people of the South
may know what to depend upon bofore they
prepare for the election upon the ratification
of their respective State constitutions. This is
all that I desire to say at the present time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I have listened with very great pleas-
