1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
notes. They think the Government agreed
foralltimeto come, at least till the debt should
be paid off, that the issue of legal tender notes
should be limited to this amount, and that the
honor of the Government is involved in keep-
ing the promise.
Before proceeding to examine these ques-
tions in a legal point of view it may be well to
glance at some general facts connected with
the public debt. I have already shown that
the probable funded debt of the Government,
excluding the ten-forties, will in a, short time
be about two thousand million dollars. If
funded under existing laws it will bear six per
cent, interest. If funded under this bill it will
bear five per cent. Now, if this debt can be
legally discharged in currency, gold being
worth 140, it would require $1,428,571,428 in
gold to pay it. The saving, therefore, to the
public in the payment of the debt would be
$571,428,572 in gold, equal to §800,000,000
in legal-tender paper. In other words, if the
debt could now be discharged with paper
money instead of gold, the debtor class would
save $800,000,000 in paper value by the opera-
tion. Therefore it should not be surprising
that the terms and conditions of the contract
creating it are so closely scrutinized by all par-
ties. Between the debtor and creditor classes
(I use these terms as appropriate terms when
applied to the public debt, because the securi-
ties are not to be taxed even for their own
liquidation) the construction of the contract at
once becomes a question of the greatest prac-
tical importance. It involves no less, perhaps,
than one twentieth part of the entire property,
real and personal, of this country to-day.
Leaving out of view for the present all ques-
tions connected with specie payments, suspen-
sion, expansion and contraction, which I will
notice in their proper places, the fact is plain
enough to every one that if the debts proposed
to be funded are payable only in gold it will
require $2,000,000,000 in gold to discharge
them whenever paid. If payable in paper—
legal-tender currency—the amount of that cur-
rency nccessary to pay them could now be pur-
chased for $1,428,571,428 in gold. This is
a plain, common-sense fact, which no figures
of rhetoric can conceal and no metaphysical
sophistry can confuse. If we are compelled
to pay in coin, if such was our contract, if it
be " so nominated in the bond," then the pub-
lic must accept the terms and raise this large
additional sum beyond what would be required
were the debt payable in the medium of ex-
change established by the Government itself.
If we would realize a proper sense of the
importance of the question, let it be reflected
upon for a moment, that if the Government,
admitting its liability to pay in gold, should
now be able to pay off an amount of this debt
equal to the sum in gold which would to-day
fully discharge it in paper, and should there-
after cxecute new bonds for the balance, to
wit: the $5571,500,000, to be paid at the end
of forty years with five per cent, semi-annual
interest compounded, the amount of Govern-
ment indebtednessat the maturity of the bonds
would be$4,119,711,289 83 in gold, or $5,767,-
600,000 in a currency bearing the value of the
present United States notes, a sum nearly
equal to one fourth the aggregate wealth of
the nation to-day.
It should be remembered, that whether the
interest be paid as the coupons mature, or the
whole sum, principal and interest, be paid at
the maturity of the bonds, makes but little
difference to the bondholders themselves. If
the interest be paid to them as it matures
they can reloan it, and accumulate as much as
the Government would have to pay them.
The great fact stands out, that they and their
descendants at the end of forty years will have
drawn this vast sum from the earnings of
others. In other words, the creditor class
will be so much richer and the debtor class
so much poorer.
The measure before the Senate, so zealously
and so ably vindicated by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, [Mr. Sherman,J pro-
poses to settle this question of construction
by agreeing to pay the whole sum in gold.
The Senator claims the right to pay in green-
backs ; indeed, he goes further and claims the
right to increase the greenback circulation to
$400,000,000, which, according to his argu-
ment, would depreciate it in value, and then
pay off the debt in paper. As I cannot agree
with him in the statement that such increase
of legal-tender notes as he proposes would
necessarily depreciate them ' in the least., I
shall claim nothing in the argument on that
score. But, as he determines to settle this
question of construction in favor of the bond-
holder, he naturally seeks for some equivalent
to the debtor. What does he propose't Simply
to take off one per cent, of the interest. He
deems this a fair consideration to the debtor.
If the creditors will reduce their interest from
six to five per cent, the debtor and creditor
classes, he thinks, will be equally and fairly
dealt with by their representatives.
We have often heard that figures will not
lie. This supposes, of course, that they are
rightly used. If I understand their use,
there is no difficulty in ascertaining precisely
what is gained and what is lost on either
side by this new proposition. I have already
shown what the creditors would gain instantly
by a change of the contract, provided the in-
terest of six per cent, be left as it is now.
But as the creditors are to yield up one per
cent, per annum, on say $2,000,000,000 of
indebtedness, the consideration paid by them
is, of course, §20,000,000 per annum for ten
years at five per ccnt. interest. But, as it is
to be paid half yearly, we have only to obtain
the present worth of an annuity of $20,000,000
for ten years at five per cent, to be paid semi-
annually. The present worth of such an an-
nuity is $155,589,102. The Government then
gives to the creditors by changing the contract
$571,428,572, and the creditors give the Gov-
ernment $155,589,102; leaving balance against
the Government, of $415,83'.),410 in gold.
If the Senator is seeking an equivalent of
consideration between the parties—and upon
his hypothesis he must find such equivalent
before he finds that element of justice which
will prove satisfactory to the country—he must
reduce his interest 3.07 per cent., leaving the
bonds to bear only 2.33 per cent., payable
semi-annually.
Connected with this question is another fact
which I will barely allude to in passing along
to the chief points involved in the bill. It is
this. Our public debt is so large as to absorb
the whole surplus capital of the country. The
larger part of that surplus is to be found among
the people of the older States. Hence the pub-
lic securities are largely held in these States for
the mere purposes of income arising from the
interest. The western States might purchase
them in considerable quantities l'or purposes
of banking if the banking laws permitted it;
but the legislation of Congress has strangely
combined with natural causes to concentrate
these securities in the eastern and middle
States. The State banks of the West, like
those of other sections, were blotted out by act
of Congiess, and owing to the limitation upon
national banking no substitute therefor is
furnished.
The bonds draw an interest of six per cent,
in gold, payable semi-annually, which, of
course, increases the interest to a little over
six per cent. This gold interest is equal to
about eight and a half per cent, in currency.
The bonds are free from all taxation, which,
as Senators will find by examining the aver-
age amount of tax levy, especially in the
cities of the several States, for State, county,
city, school and sinking fund purposes, is
not less than two and a half per cent. This,
being added, places the interest at about
eleven per cent. A security so desirable as
this, to be had in sufficient quantities to ab-
sorb the whole surplus capital of the country,
absolutely precludes the possibility of borrow-
ing money except at the most ruinous rates.
The West is full of activity and energy and
has large undeveloped resources, but it can-
not afford to pay from ten to fifteen per cent,
for the use of capital, and Senators will see
that the Government bond is a better security
than the best gilt-edged private paper at the
same rate of interest. A loan of money on
the bond involves no examination of title or
solvency of sureties, no attorney's fees for
deeds of trust and mortgages, no stamp-tax,
no recorder's bills, no loss of interest in seek-
ing a new investment, no bankruptcies or
compositions with debtors and no cost of final
collection.
Thus it is that the recent contraction meas-
ures of the Government, leaving no capital not
invested in its securities, produced great dearth
of money in the West and rightfully called forth
the most bitter complaints, if it be said again,
as it has often been said heretofore, that this
clamor against bondholders is a selfish and
sectional one, confined to the people of the
West, I answer that the Government has forced
that section to vindicate itself from the utter
destruction of its material interests, threatened
by vicious and erroneous measures of finan-
cial policy.
These measures, so fraught with ruin, have
forced us to examine critically into the mode
and manner of creating the public debt; tho
equities connected with it; the propriety of its
speedy or deferred payment; the possibility of
diminishing its burdens; our means of pay-
ment, and the measures best calculated to pre-
serve the public credit consistent with the
reasonable prosperity of the people and the
advancement of industrial pursuits. If I were
to say that the public debt is so large as, even
with the best intentions, to render its payment
improbable within the next century, or possibly
within the next two centuries, I should wound
the pride of somebody. Therefore I will not
say it. If I were to say that large and oppres-
sive public debts are least certain of payment
in a pure democracy, and next under institu-
tions of a republican character, where the
debtors must always be more numerous than
tho creditors, and where heavy rates of interest
daily add to the luxuries of the rich and to the
miseries of the poor, some one of fewer years
or of more enthusiastic temperament than
myself might charge me with reflecting on our
system of Government.
As I think it the best system known among
men and hope to see it improved, even in the
liberality of its democracy whatever may be-
come of the debt, I would not venture on such
an assertion, if I believed it, for it might
open the door to misrepresentation and some
unjust criticism upon myself. I cannot well
be assailed, however, for alluding to facts
already developed, a concealment of which
would only complicate the national troubles.
Among these facts it may, I think, be confi-
dently stated that our debt, as it now exists,
is the most onerous and oppressive one that
weighs down the energies of any nation on
earth.
Take the entire expenditures of our Govern-
ment from March 4, 1789, down to June 30,
1861, a period of seventy-two years, and they
amount to $2,235,077,161 61—a sum less than
our present public debt by $400,000,000.
This includes the debt of the Revolution, the
war of 1812, the numerous swindling and ex-
pensive wars with Indians, the war with Mex-
ico, the purchase of Florida, Louisiana, and
Arizona. During that period the entire re-
ceipts of customs, passing down from the tariffs
of Alexander Hamilton, through the high tariff
of 1828, which threatened to dissolve the Union,
the compromise sliding scale of 1833, the pro-
tective duties of 1842, the revenue rates of
184G to the Morrill tariffs of 1857 and 1861,
amounted only to $1,575,152,579 92—a thou-
sand millions less than our present debt.
The entire receipts from public lands, once
regarded as a security upon which untold mil-
lions.might rest, from the origin of the Gov-
