1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8699
Sixty-eighth amendment:
Insert the following:
Also one clerk of class four, four clerks of class
two, four clerks of class one, one copyist, and two
laborers, to be employed as a temporary force.
The committee recommend non-concurrence:
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The
amendments from seventy to seventy-eight are
all of a like character, and I hope they will be
acted upon in gross.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say that I hope
the amendment No. 70 will be allowed to
remain. There is an increase of expenses in
the money-order office of the Post Office De-
partment, and in the last year there has been
a net revenue to the Government of $53,753.
Money orders were given last year to the amount
of $15,500,000. The number of money orders
were eight thousand. Now, there is great
necessity for an increase of clerks in conse-
quence of the large amount of business done
in that branch, especially as that branch will
pay for itself and a great deal more.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask to have these
amendments considered in their order.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to concur inamend-
ment No. 70.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have not
reached that yet.
Sixty-ninth amendment:
Striko out " $49,920 " and insert " $64,220."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventieth amendment:
In line four hundred and eighty-seven strike out
the word "seven" and insert in lieu thereof "nine;"
so thai, the clause will read:
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treasury,
for t ho Post Office Department, chief clerk, nine clerks
of class four, (additional to one clerk of class four as
disbursing clerk.)
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-first amendment:
In line four hundred and eighty-nine strike out
" twenty-four" and insert "forty:" so that the clause
will read:
Korty clerks of class tlireo.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-second amendment:
Strike out the words "four of them transferred from
Third Auditor's office."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. MAYNARD. I dislike this mode of
legislation. It cannot be that all these amend-
ments are wrong. There ought to be some
discrimination exercised. This mode of pro-
ceeding simply throws the whole legislation on
matters of this kind into the hands of a com-
mittee of conference. That is the practical
effect of it. It does seem to me that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations might be able to give
us a reason why we should reject an amend-
ment, or why we should not reject it. But a
wholesale proceeding of this kind, and to bolster
it up by telling us that the committee of con-
ference can fix it, is a mode of disposing of it
which I do not think is either very wise or
very safe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state to the committee, for the satisfaction of
the gentleman, exactly why many of these
amendments were non-concurred in, while
some of them, perhaps, would have been con-
curred in. They all refer to the number of
clerks to be employed in the various branches
of the Departments, and in order that the com-
mittee of conference might have the whole
subject under their control so that they could
allow some clerks to go in here and some to
come out there and endeavor to arrange it for
the best of the public service, after full dis-
cussion the committee unanimously came to
the conclusion that it was best to non-concur
in all, so that these matters could be arranged
between the House and the Senate; otherwise
the committee of conference would find them-
selves tied up by a concurrence in this amend-
ment and a non-concurrence in others, and the
necessary clerical force in the several Depart-
ments could not be adjusted. That is why we
rec®mmend what appears to be this wholesale
non-concurrence which has attracted the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word, and I do it
for the purpose of saying a word in answer to
the very sensible question of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. MAY! AiiD,J as I think,
in reference to this particular pai-agraph, I
can give a more specific answer than was given
by my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bct-
i.ek.] The Senate amended the paragraph in
the manner that has been road, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations non-concurred in
their amendments in gross. I received from
the Sixth Auditor of the Treasury some inqui-
ries about this matter, and I gave him some
memoranda, and this morning he addressed
me a note, to be laid before the committee, in
which he says:
'' From the tenor of your note to Mr. McGrrew I fear
there is still some misconception in reference to the
Senate amendments relating to this,office. We have
asked for no increase of force, but simply that those
clerks, twonty-six in number, that have been trans-
ferred from other offices and assigned to duty here,
should be placed permanently upon our roll. So far
from being an extra charge on the Treasury it is a
positive reduction of expense to the extent of the
whole twenty-six clerks, tile business upon which
they arc engaged, the money-order system, producing
a net income more than sufficient to defray the whole
charge. In reference to this point, I beg to refer to
the accompanying statement of Mr. Lynch, the very
able clerk in charge of that branch."
The following is the statement of Mr. Lynch :
Whole number of orders issued in 1868  800,810
Whole number of ordeis issued in 1866  213,709
Increase  560,137
Amount received for orders issuod in
1868  : $15,555,327 74
Amount received for orders issued in
1860  3,977,259 28
Increase $11,578,068 -16
Amount fees received in 18GS  $117,784 98
Amount fees received in 1866  35,799 98
Increase  $81,985 00
Amount of expenses allowed in 18GS  $63,940 47
Amount of expenses allowed in 1866.  28,664 27
Increase    $35,2(6 20
Net revenue accrued in 1868    $53,844 51
Net revenue accrued in 1866....  90 82
Increase $53,753 69
So that this office a great deal more than
pays for the salaries of the clerks necessary to
carry it on, and all they wish is that the House
shall concur with the Senate in making these
clerks a nart of their permanent working force.
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot for the life of
me see the force of the argument of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.] Because
the money-order service brings in a slight rev-
enue into the postal department therefore
you must increase the number of clerks.
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all; no increase is
asked for.
Mr. SPALDING. That is the argument.
Now there is an increase of deficiencies in
other branches of the Post Office Department,
and therefore this increase of revenue should
go to make up for that deficiency as far as it
goes. The only reason why these clerks are
to be made permanent in this Auditor's office
of the Post Office Department is that there is
some additional profit, from year to year, as
the business increases, upon the postal-order
system ; that is the whole argument. Now,
if there be anything in that argument, then we
must increase the number of clerks from day
to day, from month to month, and from year
to year, as the money increases that is rsceived
in the money-order branch of the service.
Mr. ROSS. So as to use it up,
Mr. SPALDIN G. So as to consume it all;
that is the idea. Now, I see no earthly neces-
sity for taking this amendment out of the or-
dinary course. Let it go with the rest to a
committee of conference, to see if there is
any necessity for this increase. That is the
course we have decided to pursue in regard to
the other bureaus of the Treasury, and I see
no reason for any different course being pur-
sued here. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last three words. I
desire to say that the money-order system was
put in operation without any clerical force to
carry it out. They borrowed clerks ft"0|ji
other bureaus. The system was an experi-
ment; it was entered upon with a great deal
of distrust. Being an experiment no perma-
nent provision was made for it. It has grown
to be a success. But up to this time it has
been carried on with a sort of borrowed force,
so to speak. This proposition is to provide
the requisite force to carry on the system, as it
has proved to be absolutely a source of rev-
enue to the Government. It is merely pro-
posed to provide the necessary clerks—and if
the business continues to increase in future
probably more will be necessary hereafter—to
be paid out of the receipts of the bureau.
Now, I care nothing at all whether the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred inorwhether
it be sent to the committee of conference.
But as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] has so captiously explained my motion, I
did desire that the grounds upon which I made
it should be distinctly understood.
Mr. PAINE. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if these borrowed clerks are paid under
some other appropriation? If they are from
some other bureau it is not impossible that in
some other part of the bill there is an appro-
priation to cover them.
Mr. BLAINE. We have cut down enor-
mously in some other parts of the bill.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman informs me
that the appropriation for these clerks has been
cut out from its proper place, so that they will
not bo paid upon the rolls of the bureau to
which they properly belong, then there may be
some propriety in making an appropriation for
them in this place. But if it be true that they
still stand on the rolls of the bureaus to which
they properly belong, then it would hardly be
proper for us to double the appropriation for
their payment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend tho
amendment of the Senate, so as to increase
the number of clerks by one. In my opinion
the clerical force at present in the several
Departments is numerically too great, but the
clerical ability is not too great. If,we
fewer in number of men, and more ability and
capacity than a great many of them possess,
and would pay them accordingly, my opinion
is that the clerical service in the several De-
partments would be much better, and, would
be more efficiently performed than it is now.
The condition in which this bill is presented
leaves us no alternative but to accept the amend-
ment of the Senate or to reject it as recom-
mended by the Committee on Appropriations,
and when the bill goes to a committee of con-
ference let them dispose of it as they may think
best under all the circumstances. As, how-
ever, we have frequently heretofore had the
subject of clerical compensation before us when
there was no opportunity to debate it, J take
this occasion to say that I think it would bo
more just to the employes of the Govern-
ment, as well as more conducive to the efu-
ciency of the public service, if the number ot
clerks were reduced and their compensation
increased. We should thereby get more work
for the same amount of money, and the <:n\-
nloyes in the several Departments would he
much better compensated than they are n ow.
I yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farksworth.]
