1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4>
But, aside from the question of power, an
argument on the side of good morals and
common honesty is presented. It is said the
paper is not so valuable as the metal. If it
were as valuable the creditor could not com-
plain. He could not possibly, iu that case, be
damaged, for, holding the one currency, he
could convert it into the other. If this argu-
ment be worth anything it is worth a great
deal. It goes to this extent, that after a debt
is contracted the Government cannot legally
coin additional gold or enlarge the circulation
of the precious metals. Being now in debt,
the gold-fields of California, Montana, Colo-
rado and Nevada would be useless to us, be-
cause we cannot increase the volume of the
specie circulation without depreciating to the
same extent the public securities, and thereby
injuring our creditors. I hold that if the Gov-
ernment can stamp paper with legal value at
all it is as much money as gold itself.
If the power existed to do so when the legal-
tender act passed in February, 1862, it existed
at all previous periods of the Government, and
it exists now. If it existed at all it existed by
virtue of the Constitution, and the Constitu-
tion was the same prior to 1862 as it then was.
It is admitted there is no express contract to
pay the debt in gold. It can only be claimed
as au implied agreement. It occurs to me that
other implications are just as reasonable. Is
it not more reasonable to infer that the public
creditor, purchasing a Government bond, takes
it subject to the exercise by Congress of all its
constitutional powers? It is surely legitimate
for Congress, after it contracts a debt, to coin
money and put it in circulation. It is equally
clear that Congress may regulate, and there-
fore change, its value. The coinage of gold
may be double or quadruple in amount, or the
use of gold as a medium of exchange may
be abandoned altogether and something else
adopted. I may admit it is competent lor the
Government to agree expressly to pay in gold
or any other article without weakening my
position.
If it agrees to pay gold I do not object to its
doing so ; but when no specific agreement is
made 1 insist that both debtor and creditor
are supposed to contract subject to all the con-
tingencies of future legislation. That legis-
lation may be such as to make the debt more
or less valuable at the time of its payment.
This fact is understood by both parties when
the contract is made, and enters into and
forms a part of it. What I have now said in
reference to the debt already existing on the
1st day of July, 18G1, applies with equal force
to the bonds and Treasury notes issued subse-
quently under the acts of July and August,
1861. _
During the summer and winter of 1801 an
effort was made by Mr. Chase, the then Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to carry on the war under
a system of specie values. The banks of New
York had promised to loan him a sum which
he supposed to be sufficient for his purposes.
In his report of December, 1861, he states that
he had borrowed $197,000,000 and had an en-
gagement with the banks to borrow $50,000,000
more. This loan was to cost him a little less
than six and a half per cent, interest.
This was a gold loan, and the proceeds car-
ried two or three times the purchasing power
of subsequent loans contracted in paper cur-
rency. In this report Mr. Chase takes occa-
sion to say:
"This rate of interest is, however, higher than the
United States with their vast and accumulating re-
sources ought to pay. No doubt reasonably exists,
that after the reestablisiiment of union and order,
the five percent, bonds of the United States will com-
mand a premium in th£ markets of the world unless
the national debt be, in the meantime, augmonted
beyond necessity or reason."
_ It will be remembered that Mr. Chase, at this
time, did not contemplate the issue of legal-
tender notes. If issued at all, he thought they
ought to be payable in coin. Having argued
the advantages and disadvantages of such an
issue, he declined to recommend its adoption.
Instead thereof he jPfieon)mei}4ed the present
national bank system; but as that involved the
withdrawal of the State bank notes, and the
reorganization of the capital of the country,
the process would be too slow to meet the
pressing exigencies of the war.
Mr. Chase's good intentions were utterly
frustrated by the sudden suspension of specie
payments, and the consequent failure of capi-
talists to loan him money as they had promised.
Hence came the necessity for the act of Feb-
ruary 25, 1862. If the war could have been
conducted on the specie standard of value, as
I confess I desired, our public debt to-day would
probably be one thousand millions less than it
is. The Secretary estimated the amount of gold
in the country at that time to be $275,000,000,
and with that basis of credit, until the suspen-
sion of specie payments, he entertained hopes
of procuring money by negotiating loans. Upon
the suspension, however, this gold suddenly
disappeared, and nothing was left to conduct
the operations of the war except depreciated
State bank paper. Gold was absolutely demone-
tized, and something must be substituted in its
place. It could not be a paper convertible
into gold, because the Government being a
borrower could not pay specie on demand.
The people needed and must have a circu-
lating medium. It was the duty of the Gov-
ernment to furnish it to them. In doing so a
new policy was inaugurated for which the peo-
ple are grateful, but the movers of it seem not
to realize it. The State bank paper of that
day was estimated at $202,000,000, $150,000;-
000 of which was in the loyal States. This
paper suddenly became depreciated in value,
and the security of business operations de-
manded a currency sustaining a better credit.
Hence we now see that the Government could,
with the greatest possible safety, and without
harm to any material interest, have issued at
once $425,000,000 of legal-tender notes. But
the world has long since learned to shudder at
the bare mention of Government issues. Rea-
soning from false premises, they assume that
these issues must depreciate in value. Neces-
sity forced our statesmen to do something, but
they did as little as they dared. It was sharp
necessity that gave birth to this invention and
saved the country. It became the entering
wedge of a great policy. These gentlemen
shrank back from the policy in its full and
necessary proportions, and temporized with
the exigency by issuing only $150,000,000.
These notes, however, fortunately received the
impress of the Government, and took the legal
value of coin itself. It was the national money,
and is the national money yet, to the entire
satisfaction of the people. The notes were
made—
_ "Receivable in payment of all taxes, internal du-
ties. cxcises, debts, and demands of every kind due
to the United States, except duties on imports, and
of all claims and demands against the United States
of every kind whatsoever, oxcept for interest upon
bonds and notes, which shall be paid in coin
and they were further declared to be—
" Lawful money and a legal tender in payment of
all debts, public and private, within the United
States, except duties on imports and interest as afore-
said."
To this act, in my judgment, can be given
but one interpretation. These notes could not
be used by the Government for paying interest
upon bonds, because it was stipulated by the
act itself that the interest should be paid in
coin. If the act contained no other express
provision on the subject than the stipulation to
pay interest in coin, then, by force of a very
familiar rule of construction, the principal of
the bonds could be discharged in paper. But,
as if to exclude any other conclusion, it is
provided, as I have said, that they shall be
"a legal tender in payment of all debts" to
the Government except duties on imports, and
also a legal tender for all debts against the
Government except interest as aforesaid. If
it were possible to give strength to this con-
struction, an argument is furnished in the pro-
visions of a subsequent section to create a sink-
ing fund, which provide for "the payment in
coin of the interest on the bonds," but simply
for the " payment or purchase " of the bonds
themselves, dropping the words "in coin."
In further proof of the intention of the Legis-
lature in this behalf the provisions of the act
of March 3, 1863, are in point. Under this
act legal-tender notes were issued with inter-
est payable in currency. It was unnecessary
to specify how the principal should be paid.
This had been provided for under the previous
act of 1862. Being a debt of the United States
the principal was payable in lawful money.
It was thought necessary to be specific, how-
ever, in regard to the payment of interest,
for otherwise the interest might be held pay-
able only "in coin," because United States
notes had not been made " legal tender" in
payment of interest "on bonds and notes."
It will also be remembered that similar pro-
visions are to be found in the acts of June 30,
1864, and March 3, 1865, under which legal-
tender Treasury notes were issued, principal
and interest, to be paid in currency, and all
fundable, at the option of the holder, into five-
twenty bonds. These acts show an entire
abandonment of this specie standard. The cou-
pon and compound-interest notes, although
made a legal tender for their face value, were
expressly redeemable in paper.
In further proof of the position assumed, that
it is lawful to pay the five-twenties and other
securities in currency, the act of March 3, 1864,
is referred to, under which the ten-forties were
issued. That act contemplates a different sort
of bond, and therefore provides in express
terms that both principal and interest shall be
paid in coin. As both prior and subsequent
acts provided for paying interest in coin, but
were silent as to the principal, it must be sup-
posed that the omission in those acts was in-
tentional, and in the absence of an express
provision, they, like all other debts, could be
properly discharged in whatever the Govern-
ment might stamp as lawful money and de-
clare to be a legal tender.
I have just stated that distinguished states-
men, remembering John Law, the South Sea
bubble, continental money and French assig-
nats, the history of which had nothing in com-
mon with our case, approached this question
with exceeding reluctance. But the times were
exacting, and stern necessity enforced the per-
formance of duty. The five-twenty loan pro-
vided for in this act could not be negotiated.
Money must be had. The previous act had pro-
vided, out of very abundant caution, that the de-
mand notes and United States notes together
should at no time exceed the sum of $150,000,-
000. On the 17th March, 1862, it became neces-
sary to modify this act by declaring that all de-
mand notes outstanding should be made legal
tender also. This, too, proved insufficient.
Before the adjournment of the same session,
to wit, on the 11th July, 1862, another issue
of $150,000,000 was authorized. As was shown
by the Senator from Ohio the five-twenty loan
was not yet floated. There was no surplus
money even yet to invest in bonds, and the
Government stepped in to furnish such money
by means of its credit. Even this additional
issue proved to be insufficient; and on the 17th
of January following another $100,000,000
were authorized and immediately issued. Then
came the act of March 3, 1863, authorizing an
issue of $50,000,000 more, or, as expressed in
the act, $150,000,000, including the $100,000,-
000 of the previous January.
It is a mistake to suppose that this latter
act or any other act put a limit to the issue
of legal-tender notes. So far from doing so,
the third section of this act of March. 1863,
provided for the issue of $400,000,000 of
Treasury notes, which the Secretary of the
Treasury was authorized to make legal tenders
for their face value, and of which he issued
and stamped immediately thereafter from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred million dol-
lars. Previous to this act United States notes
could be funded, but now the right was to be
withdrawn after the 1st of July following, and
thenceforth they were to remain a permanent
circulating medium, and did so remain until
