268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19;
Locker, a citizen of Scott county, Iowa, asking
for a pension on account of injuries received
during the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Mary J.
Stone.
By Mr. WINDOM: The petition of Betsy
Wallingford, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Achsah Wood, John
Smith, William D. Paddock, and Joel Torry,
soldiers of the war of 1812, for pensions.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 19, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. Professor A. Tex Brook, of
the University of Michigan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that, the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
224) to amend the act passed March 23, 1867,
entitled "An act supplementary to an act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States, passed March 2, 1867, and to
facilitate restoration."
international monetary conference. I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before !
the Senate a message from the President of the ]
United States in answer to a resolution of the
6th instant, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of State concerning the international
monetary conference held at Paris in June,
1867; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of John A. Ragan, of Hinds county,
Mississippi, submitting a plan to prevent the
inundations of the Mississippi river, and pray-
, ing that it be adopted; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I present a me-
morial of the representatives of the yearly
meeting of the religious Society of Friends in
New England relative to the treatment of the
Indians. It is not veryJong, and I ask that it 1
be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the paper will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the President of the United States of America, and
to the Senate and Ilouee of liepreseniativee in Con-
gress assembled :
The memorial of the representatives of the yearly
meeting ot the religious Society of Friends in New
England respectfully represents—
That the Society of Friends since their first set-
tlement in this country has ever felt and manifested
a lively interest in the welfare of the aboriginal
inhabitants of our land.
We, the descendants of the early Friends, still feel
this interest as a religious concern, and in pursuance
thereof believe it right thus to address you.
\V hen we consider that the first emigrants to and
settlers of our country found the Indian race in un-
disputed possession of this broad land where we dwell,
and that now instead of their numerous tribes but
comparatively few and scattered remnants of that
once powerful people remain, and that we have en-
tered into and now enjoy what was onco theirs, the
inquiry comes home to the present generation, has ,
justice in all cases been meted out to them ? j
The advancing tide of emigration and consequent
settlement into the region west of the Mississippi has
in recent times brought the Indian and the white
man into more immediate contact, and a few months I
since we were brought to fear that a system of war- 1
fare between the two races would follow, painful to
the best feelings of our people to contemplate. But
we are made rejoicingly to hope from late accounts
that the wise and peaceable measures adopted by the :
Government will result in staying the tide of Indian ]
warfare, and we cannot but believe that with justice
to all parties peace may be permanently established
in uiJit extended country. :
Kindness, liberality, and good faith toward the
Indians have proved the most effectual means to
secure their confidence and good-will and the faith- :
tu fulfillment0! their treaties of peace; and we earn-
estly desire that the present favorable opportunity
ln.iy be u^ed to urge upon this unfortunate class of our
teljow-nicn the propriety of their abandoning their i
tiabi t of roving and limiting, attended, as this courseof
lit-is, with much suffering; and of their becomingtill- '
cr, (,t the soil, whereby they may enjoy, through the
 >u proftered them by our Government, the comforts
Oi civilized life.
^ that the hearts of all concerned in the I
qi
may be so influenced by the spirit and preccpts of onr
holy religion that the love of peace may prevail, and
that no further danger or bloodshed may be feared.
When we consider thedivine precept, that "right-
eousness exalteth a nation," we have felt a strong
soheitute that our nation should proveitself entitled
in their dealings with the Indians to stand in this
high position, believing as we do that the blessing
of the Almighty Killer of events will follow such a
course.
Wo would especially urge upon tho attention of
our rulers that these Indians have a high claim upon
our country to he protected by our just laws from
those who may be disposed to take advantage of
their ignorance or of their vices to deprive them of
their just rights.
Wc commend this subject to your earnest atten-
tion with fervent desires that He who ruleth in the
affairs of men may give you wisdom to discern and
ability to do that which is right, and remain your
friends.
Signed on behalf of the representatives aforesaid,
SAMUEL BOYCE, Clerk.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the memorial of
E. North Cullom, of Louisiana, asking to be
relieved from all the civil and political disabil-
ities imposed upon him by Congress on account
of his participation in the late rebellion; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present petitions of a
large number of the citizens of the State of
Oregon and of Washington and Montana Ter-
ritories, in which they represent that the entire
northern portion of Montana Territory is prac-
tically cut off from communication with the
great Columbia river and the Pacific coast, for
the want of a wagon road from " Horse Plains''
to "Cabinett Landing," on the Pen d'Oreile
river, commonly called "Clark's Fork of the
Columbia/' a distance of one hundred miies,
which, if improved, would open up a great
through thoroughfare for trade and travel by
stages, teams, and otherwise, from Slontana
and the East, on the most practical and direct
route to the great Columbia river and the Pa-
cific coast, and they pray for an appropriation
of money to construct such wagon-road. I
move that the petitions be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I also present the memo-
rial of Wilson Buckby and George Kelly, who
have been acting collectors of internal revenue
in Pennsylvania under the act entitled "An act
to regulate the tenure of certain civil offices,"
asking that a law may be passed authorizing
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to adjust and settle their accounts. I move its
reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of 0. F.
j Winchester, president of the " Winchester
Repeating Arms Company," praying the enact-
ment of a law authorizing the Commissioner
of Patents to receive an application for the
extension of the letters-patent belonging to
that company; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
iiodsk bill befekked.
The bill (H. R. No. 214) to amend the act
passed March 23, 1867, entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States passed
March 2, 1867, and to facilitate restoration,"
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
rights of naturalized citizens.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to present
the memorial of a large meeting of citizens of
Cincinnati and also of the city council of Cin-
cinnati, praying that Congress will take such
measures as will secure to all citizens of the
United States at home and abroad their rights
as citizens against the aggressions of foreign
Powers. I win state that this memorial, which
includes several speeches and resolutions at
the meeting to which I have referred, relates
to the recent proceedings in England against
American citizens. The subject has attracted
a great deal of attention, and during the last
summer my attention was somewhat called to I
it. It is very manifest that the rights of Amer-
ican citizens of foreign birth traveling abroad
should be in some way defined, either by treaty
or law. The subject is very constantly brought
11 to the attention of American travelers abroad.
| In Prussia especially the rights of American
citizens of German birth, acquired by natural-
ization, are entirely disregarded, so that the
,, result is that no German-born American citi-
zen between certain ages can travel with safety
' in his native country. I move that the memo-
rial be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. CONNESS. Before this memorial goes
to the committee I wish to suggest that 1 do
not know of any way by which in our legisla-
tive capacity we may protect the rights of cit-
izens traveling abroad. The case as it stands
seemg to me to be perfectly plain. There is
no right attaching to American citizenship that
does not attach equally to all citizens of the
United States, and when traveling abroad or
at home they are entitled to be and should be
protected by the entire force of the Govern-
j1 ment in their just rights. Their rights con-
sist, when abroad, in peaceable, unobstructed
transit. It belongs to the executive depart-
ment of the Government, and not to the legis-
: lative, to see that those rights are secured.
; I know that the President of the United States
;i in his recent message to Congress has called
I the attention of the legislative department to
; this subject; but I take this occasion to say
j that the President of the United States is now
! clothed with ample power upon this subject,
1 and that the failure to exercise it must be
J taken and confessed as being his fault and his
offense to the extent that any offense has been
committed. The rights of American citizens
when traveling abroad do not, and no one will
hold them to, include the right to disturb the
, peace of the society of another State. Those
j going to foreign countries for that purpose and
; with that intent, whether covert or open, must
be held to take the responsibility that attaches
; to their proceedings; but that American citi-
j zens free of all guilt, in regard to whose pro-
I tection and safety there should be no ques-
J tion, should at this time be interfered with
either in Great Britain or France or the king-
dom of Prussia—three Governments represent-
ing great power—is a shame and a scandal to
the extent that it is a fact. The United
States, happily, at last have attained such a
position as leaves no question in the mind of
| anybody, either at home or abroad, as to their
I power to protect their own citizens and to vin-
dicate all the rights common and inherent to
them.
I hope,'sir, that this great subject will be
taken up by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and that at least a divided attention from
the acquisition of foreign territory will be
given to it by the-State Department of this
Government. I hope that the voice of this
nation will be spoken, when necessary, from
the legations representing this Government
j abroad; and I say here in my place to the
! President of the United States and the head
: of the State Department thut it is not credita-
| ble to either of them to complain that the rights
J of any class of American citizens are violated
| in foreign countries while they confess at the
: same time that they, as the representative of
| the executive power of this nation, tamely sub-
j mit to it.
I I am very glad that the honorable Senator
I from Ohio, in presenting this memorial to the
! Senate, has called public attention to the ques-
tion, and I ask the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations not to sup-
press this subject, not to fear to come up to its
measure of importance. I ask not from him
any demonstration in favor of any faction or
organization of our people engaged in illicit
proceedings; but I ask from him such coop-
erative influence as will make the proper and
legitimate power of this nation felt at home and
abroad in the protection of American citizens.
Upon this subject, sir, I have some feeling.
I have also some opinion. My feeling may
