1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2677
commenced, and this being Friday the regu-
lar order of business is the consideration of
reports from committees of a private nature.
The House resumes the consideration of the
bill (H- R- No. 1082) for the relief of John A.
Neastaedter, which was reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs by the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Pile] on the 16th of
May, and was pending at the expiration of the
morning hour on that day.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
General of the Army to pay to John A. Neu-
•Staedter, late a captain of artillery, out of any
money now appropriated or that may hereafter
be appropriated for the pay of the Army, the
full pay and emoluments for a captain of artil-
lery in the Army of the United States, from
March 25, 18G2, to August 28, 1862.
Mr. PILE. This bill was debated and fully
explained, I believe, when it was last before
the House for consideration. It is a bill to
compensate this officer for services rendered
for some four months. Official orders accom-
pany the bill showing that he was on duty for
the whole of this time in the field. I think
there can be no objection to the bill.
Mr. MILLER. Did he perform'the duties
of the office ?
Mr. PILE. He did, every day and every
hour.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. PILE. I yield for a question.
Mr. PAINE. I had not the pleasure of
hearing the debate on this case, and I desire
to ask a question to see whether any new prin-
ciple is to be adopted in this bill. 1 wish to
inquire whether this officer was an officer of
the regular Army, commissioned by the Presi-
dent of the United States, at or before the
date from whieh the pay is to run, and if the
object of the bill is simply to give him pay
from the date of the commission antecedent
to muster, or whether he was an officer of
some State organization, and we are to give
him pay under some State commission previous
to muster?
Mr. PILE. I will answer the gentleman by
stating that he was neither. Captain Neu-
staedter was commissioned by General Fr6mont.
A. provisional commission was issued to him
while Frfimont was in command of the depart-
ment of Missouri. He was mustered in under
that commission, and did service and was paid.
After Fr6mont was removed from the cffip-
mand of the department of Missouri an ordei^
was issued by the War Department directing
certain officers appointed by General Fr6mont
to be mustered out unless retained by compe-
tent authority. Captain Neustaedter, at the
time of the issue of that order, was on duty
at Pittsburg Landing, in front of Corinth, on
the staff of General C. F. Smith as an artillery
officer. He was not mustered out in accord-
ance with that order, neither was he retained
by a specific order retaining him. Owing to
his name being overlooked at the department
headquarters, he was allowed to remain there,
and served in the field for four months. The
paymaster declines to pay him for that time.
This bill is to pay him for the time he actually
did duty, under his commission, all the time
in the field, every day in service. The orders
directed to him are here on file.
Mr. PAINE. One more question, which
•will probably cover all inquiries I desire to
make. Does this bill provide for giving this
officer any pay for the time which elapsed
before he was mustered by a United States
officer ?
Mr. PILE. None at all; simply for the time
between the date of the order directing these
officers to be mustered out and the time when
he was actually mustered out. It was an over-
sight of the department headquarters that
this officer was not either retained by special
order or mustered out by orders.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to call the attention of the House to this matj,
tei befors they pass upon this bill, because I
am apprehensive that, if it shall be passed, it
■will be drawn into a precedent for the payment
of a very large number of persons. I am
somewhat familiar with these matters in Mis-
souri, because I was on a committee of invest-
igation which sat in Missouri, and we had
occasion to know a great deal in relation to
these appointments by General Fremont.
There were a large number of these officers
made without any authority whatever; and the
parties have no right whatever, as against the
Government, for any pay. I do not say that
this particular person may not have a good
claim; I do not say it may not be proper
to pay him. But I do say that if this bill shall
pass in the form in which it new stands, it will
be drawn into a precedent to pay an immense
number of these men who were appointed by
General Fr6mout, and who never did any duty
whatever.
Mr. PILE. In reply to-the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. WashburneJ I desire to say 
Mr. FAltNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. PILE. For how long?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Merely for a few
words. At, a former session, when I was a
member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
a great many of these claims were presented,
and in every instance we refused to report
favorably upon them, for they were the claims
of persons appointed by General Fremont and
other officers on their staffs without any au-
thority whatever; or as officers of regiments
without commissions from their State or from
the General Government. This bill would set
a very bad precedent, as my colleague says.
Mr. PILE. I desire to say  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One word
more.
Mr. PILE. T decline to yield further.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman will certainly not decline to hear an
important statement.
Mr. PILE. In answer to the two gentlemen
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibcrxe and Mr. Fahxs-
wortii] I desire to say that the War Depart-
ment, or the Government through the War
Department, directly sanctioned these appoint-
mentsby General Fr6mont, and issued an order
covering the time they had served, directing
certain of them to be mustered out and certain
of them to he retained by competent authority.
This cannot be made a precedent in any other
case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tlcrifan will yield to me I will offer an amend-
nmnt to the bill, which may obviate some
Objections to it.
Mr. PILE. I will hear the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend by the addition of the following :
Provided, That this act shall not be drawn into a
precedent for the paynu nt ot the other officers hold-
ing appointments from General John 0. Fiemont.
Mr. PILE. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this bill
is going to pass at all I want it to pass with the
amendment I have offered, though that will
not commit me to the support of the bill.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to say that I
think the proposition of my colleague [Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois] is very unjust. If it
is right to pay one of those officers, it is right
to pay all of that class.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is my col-
league in favor of paying all ?
Mr.HARDING. No,sir; Iamnotinfavor
of paying any of them.
Mr. PILE. I know a large number of these
officers. A majority of them ought not to bo
paid. I was on duty in that department, and
I have personal knowledge of this matter.
Many of the officers were on the staff of Gen-
eral Fremont in the city; but this man was at
the front exposing himself to danger, giving
to the Government the best efforts of his brain
and muscle. He ought to ba paid. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was upon the
amendment of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add to the bill the following:
Provided, That this act shall not be deemed a pre-
cedent for the payment of other officers holding
appointment from General John 0. Fremont.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion wag agreed to.
JUSTIN A. GOODHUE.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
the papers in the case of Justin A. Goodhue.
The committee are of opinion that no legis-
lation is needed in this case, and I move that
the parties be allowed to withdraw the papers
that the case may be settled at the Depart-
ments.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY KOLB.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have also directed me to report
back adversely joint resolution (H. R. No. 252)
providing for the admission of Henry Iiolb to
the Soldiers' Home, no legislation being neces-
sary.
The bill was laid on the table.
ISAAC WATTS.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1128) for the relief of of Isaac Waits; which
was read a first and second time.
The bili, which was read, provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury ami
Paymaster's Departments be authorized and
directed to pay to Isaac Watts all arrears of pay,
hbunty, or other allowances due from the Uni-
ted States to his adopted son, Samuel Watts,
late a private of company H, eighty-first regi-
ment infantry, Ohio volunteers, in the satrie
manner in all respects as if the said Samuel
Watts had been the son of Isaac Watts.
Mr. GARFIELD. I can explain this bill
in a very few minutes. Samuel Watts, a soldier
who was killed in battle, was, when a child
two years of age, taken and udopted, not
legally but actually, as the son of Isaac Watts,
being so treated all his life. Bnt no legal steps
were ever taken to make the adoption valid in
law. Samuel Watts has left no surviving rela-
tives to settle his affairs. This bill, therefore,
authorizes his father by adoption to settle his
affairs and receive the back pay due him.
Mr. PAINE. Does this bill undertake to
settle any question as to any disputed claim?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at all. It simply
directs the accounting officers to settle with
Isaac Watts as though he were the real father.
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to ba
engrossed for a third reading ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third timfe,
and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be lata oa
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UKXUY BM5NSING.
Mr. BOYER, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back,
the form of a substitute, a bill (H. R. No. 42o)
authorizing -the Secretary ot the Ireasuryto
