270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
conduct of the business intrusted to that com-
mittee which at this moment should justify any
suggestion that the committee is disposed to
put aside or suppress any important question
that shall be committed to it by the Senate.
Mr. CONN ESS. The Senator will allow me
to say that he is certainly overstating the hope
that 1 expressed and making it convey a sugges-
tion that, in my opinion, the committee would
do that. On the contrary, the Senator stand-
ing at the head of that committee will alluw
me to say that I cannot think for a single mo-
ment that any number of American Senators
would or could pursue such a course; but I
expressed the hope that I did, in view of the
too common habit upon questions of this char-
acter, as I believe, of the American mind to put
„off the day of action. While England demands
the release of the men taken from the Trent,
not because they were British subjects, but
because they were within British jurisdiction,
and insolently points her guns at us in connec-
tion with that demand, and while she makes
war upon Abyssinia, which is, in point of the
greatness of its power, an inconsiderable Power
of the earth, because it oppresses her subjects,
we too often submit to insolence from other
nations. I think the time has come when that
conduct on our part should cease ; and I thank,
in behalf of people that I perhaps may betaken
as a representative of, the members of the
Committee on Foreign Relations for what they
have said upon this subject and for the promise
they have made.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not
intend by anything the Senator has said to be
led into a discussion ot the comparative merits
or policies of Great Britain and of the United
States in defense of the liberties and interests
of their respective citizens and subjects. I
content myself with saying that I believe the
history of this Republic will show that we have
not been insensible to any such claims. I
believe that history hereafter wilf make-a simi-
lar record. I am not anxious on that question.
I believe that this Kepublic is sufficiently strong
from what it has done in the pastand the prom-
ise of the future to be able to meet all these
questions calmly, frankly, and after the most
careful consideration. I am not disposed,
therefore, to be precipitated under nny tempo-
rary pressure into a premature discussion of
an important question; nor am I disposed to
undertake to decide whether a question like
this properly belongs to the executive or to the
legislative department of the Government. In
som e respects it is clearly an executive question.
It, for instance, all the Senator from Ohio has
stated be true—if American citizens have been
sentenced for acts done in the United States—
I humbly submit that there is a question at
once for executive action. It may be, how-
ever, on inquiry, that Congress can do some-
thing to aid or to stimulate the Executive. If
it can I doubt not that it will be done.
With reference to the committee I may add
that this subject is already before it; it has
already been under consideration, and I am
sure that there is no member of that commit-
tee who has any disposition to slight it.
There is one branch of the question, to which
the Senator from Maryland alluded, which is
particularly grave—I refer to theclaims of Eng-
land to the allegiance of her subjects who have
emigrated to this country. The Senator antici-
pates difficulty from that. I do not know that
he has observed very recent intimations from
important organs of public opinion in Great
Britain to the effect that there is a disposition
there to abandon their original pretension. If
that disposition prevails it is easy to see that
there can be very little difficulty between us,
and on that, let me say, to my mind, the
pretension of Great Britain—I do not wish to
use too strong language, but I was about to
say is absurd. When Great Britain allows
emigration on the gigantic scale that she does !
it is not m her power afterward to say that '
those emigrants when they have established I
citizenship in our country shall not enjoy all
"ghtu of that citizenship. The pretension |
| on the one side and the permission on the other*
are inconsistent with each other, and it is on
that account that I say that the present pre-
tension of Great Britain, if she perseveres in
it, is an absurdity. 1 believe, however, that
that question, like other questions, will disap-
pear before a candid examination.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish, in conclusion, sim-
ply to say that, while a '■ candid examination"
of this subject is promised us, the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations and the
President of the United States and the head
of the State Department of this Government
should not forget those who are in English bas-
tiles and who are now convicted and suffering
out their ignominious sentences upon English
hulks. That crime against the dignity and the
rights of this Government and its people is a
past transaction. Citizens suffer, and there
must not be too much calmness coming from
the American Senate and the American Execu-
tive if that calmness is to lead to procrastina-
tion find delay.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I presented
a few days ago a petition from Colonel Warren,
a gentleman who, I believe, served our country
during the rebellion, who was a member of the
Fenian organization, as he had a right to be.
I sympathize with that organization so far as
it aims to secure the liberty and enlarge the
rights of man, for my sympathy is with ail the
members of the human family who are strug-
gling for the recovery of lost rights or for the
liberties of nations or races. This gentleman
states that for being a member of that organi-
zation in this country he was arrested in Ire-
land; he refused to plead, but nevertheless was
tried and sentenced to a prison in Dublin for
fifteen years. I do not know that the Secretary of
State or the Executive is to blame in this case,
for we do not know how much they are doing;
but if his statement be correct—of course I
have not the records of the British courts to
justify it, but I believe this gentleman to be a
man of honor and of character—the case de-
mands action, and a corrective should be at
once applied, and every branch of this Govern-
ment should engage in it, and the voice of the
American people should be clearly pronounced
in vindication of the rights of adopted citizens.
Mr. Warren in his petition says:
"I, a citizen of the United States by adoption,
respectfully submit the following:
" I am an Irishman by birth, by adoption an Amer-
ican citizen. Partly in puisuit of my avocation as a
member of the American press and on privato busi-
ness to see old friends and relatives.! arrived in Ire-
land in the latter end of May. 1867. Immediately
after landing, on the 1st of June, I was arrested
cast into a dungeon, and kept closely confined in
silence and solitude for nearly five months, without
any charge having been preferred against me and
without obtaining a hearing of any kind. On the
10th October I was summarily ordered before a mag-
istrate and evidence sworn against me by a witness
classed and known as an informer. I was committed
on his evidence, indicted on the24th October, tried,
and I stand now a convicted and sentenced felon for
fifteen years'penal servitude on the uncorroborated
testimony of the notorious and infamous perjurer
my forswearing 1 all allegiance to all foreign princes
and potentates, more tupccially the queen of Cngland,'
conferred on me the rights of citizenship. If America
acknowledged that law she has perpetrated on me
the most unjust, the most fraudulent injury. If she
did not acknowledge it then why does she now?
England, by indicting, arraigning, trying, convict-
ing, and sentencing me, on the uncorroborated
evidence of a pcrjuied intormer, for an act claimed
to have been committed m America, which act, a 
represented, was being a member of an Irishnation.il
organization in the United States of America, in
181W, has ignored my previous citizenship, the right
of the United ritates to confer it, and consequently
has defiantly enforced this law,and the Government
ot the United States, as represented by Mr. Johnson
and Mr. Seward and Mr. Adams, apparently coin-
cide in this enforcement. If not, why were not soma
steps taken to defer action till your honorable body
had an opportunity of adjudicating on so impoitant
a question ?
" I ask you, gentlemen, asl lie to-nightin my lonely
dungeon, cast away irom mother, wife, sisters, child-
ren, and friends, immured in a living tomb now fey
the last six months, wiiat feeling must I have toward
my Government as represented in this matter? Why
should it permit for nn hour a citizen to stand con-
victed of treason-felony in Ireland on the ground of
his beinga member of an Irish national organization
in America, and that on the evidence of a perjured
spy and iniormer? Which of the two Governments
up to the present is to me the more treacherous—
the Government which invites me to renounce all
former allegiance whatsoever, confers on me the full
rights (on paper) of American citizenship, affixes its
oflicial seal to the act.and extracts a fee for so doing,
and when this citizenship is contemptuously and de-
fiantly repudiated by tho Government whose alle-
giance I renounced tolerates and abandons me to
my fate, or the Government from which I expect
nothing, my national enemy, the enemy of every
aspirant for freedom, the enemy of my very existence
and of my adopted country? Observe to what an ex-
tent run theclainisof the' British Government. Eng-
land claims that in the enforcemcntof what she calls
a^ right that several millions of the subjects of the
United States are hersubjects, and defiantly in proof
of this has convicted mc with others to the doom of
penal servitude, alter eoquctting with Mr. Johnson,
Mr. Seward, and Mr. Adams for five months about my
release, for an occurrence that took place in Ire-
land when I was an American, thereby enforcing her
claim on my allegiance to the letter. I cannot but
admire England's independence, lias tho chivalry of
America departed?
and informer, Corydon, who swore he knew me to
belong to the Fenian confederacy in America in 1863.
Ihe indictment charges me with the overt act of the
5th March in the county Dublin, Ireland, although
the Crown lawyer admits that I was not bodily pres-
ent, but was then in the city of New York. The
British law claims me to be a British subject, ignores
my United States citizenship, and consequently your
right to confer it. The crown lawyers further hold
all the members of the so-called Fenian confedera-
tion guilty of the overt act of the 5th March in the
county Dublin, Ireland. Corydon swears I was a
member of the above-named confederation in Amer-
ica in 1893. England claiming me as her subject
consequently indicts, arraigns, tries, convicts, and
sentences me for an act committed in Ireland when
1 was in the city of New York, United States of
America, and I am at this moment a first-class con-
vict in a British bastile, clothed in a suit of convict
gray.
"Gentlemen, my case is very plain. The English
law under which I am claimed, as quoted by the
judges who sat in my case, reads: "A British subject
who moves to France or America owes the same alle-
giance to the queen there as at home: twenty years
hence as well as now. For it is a principle of uni-
versal law that the natural-born subject of one prince
cannot by any net. of his own—no. not by swearing
allegiance to another—put off or disehargo his natu-
ral allegiance to the former; for his natural alle-
giance was intrinsic and primitive and antecedent to
the other, and cannot be divested without the con-
current act ot the prince to whom it was due ' Gen-
tlemen, this law existed when the United States, on
America departed?
I " And yet, gentlemen, she goes still further in lier
' claims. I find there is yet another of her laws which
| even claims the children and grandchildren of Brit-
i ish subjects born in America as subjects. An eminent
j commentator on this law says: "But by scveial more
modern statutes these restrictions are still lurther
taken off, so that all children born out of the king's
legiance whose fathersor grandfathers by the father's
side wero natural-born subjects aro now deemed to
be natural subjects themselves to all intents and
purposes unless their said ancestors wore attainted
or banished beyond the seas for high treason.' I
admit that England does not presume to enforce this
last-quoted statute at present; but should she be
permitted to enforce the first with impunity the
assertion or non-assertion of the other will be with
her a question of policy if not of principle, and she
may at any time claim half the population of tho
United States as her subjects.
"Now, gentlemen, as I have before mentioned my
case is plain. I have quoted the law under which as
a British subject I stand convicted of ' treason-fcl-
ony' on the evidence of a spy and perjured iniormer
and for being a member of an Irish national organ-
ization in America, as swoin, in 18(j3. You know
also, gentlemen, the rights guarantied to mo by the
Constitution of the United States and the natural-
ization laws. Am I under those laws a citizen of the
United States and entitled to her full protection or
am I under the Englishstatutesa British subjectand
amenable to English law in America?
" I will state, gentlemen, in conclusion, that even
as a British subject I have violated 110 British law.
My name is connected with an alleged expedition',
but there is not one iota of corroborative evidonce to
identify mc in connection with it, as your honorable
body may have learned from the published evidence
long before you receive this communication ; and
even if it did exist the very evidence produced, pur-
chased, and perjured, as it was, proved that if a hostile
design ever existed it was abandoned, and that the
parties were thrown on theshore by stress of weather
and starvation. The only case they have attempted
to establish against me was that I landed in Ireland
from a fishing boat, which fishing boat took me off a
vessel outatsea. Nodoeuments.noarms. I attempted
no disguise, had no jonnection with any person or
persons in Ireland.
" I again, gentlemen, repeat that I am suffering in
an English bastile the most excruciating, degrading
and servile tortures for no other proven offense boforo
my vrod than that tue paid informer, Corydon, sworo
that he knew mo in America to belong to an Irish
national organization.
(gentlemen, in the name of our common countrv,
in the name of freedom, in the name of God, I ask
you to take hold of this matter vigorously, and to
compel England to expunge from her law-books
every presumption bearing on the rishts of the Amer-
ican citizen. If she does not do it wine her from the
lucc of tho earth and God ble^s j ou,"
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President the state-
ment made by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson J relating to the
