1868.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
164
40th Cong....2d Sbss.
Impeachment—Mr. Pile.
Ho. of Keps.
plated by the committee, and was modified with
the concurrence of a majority of the com-
mittee, at the instance of the chief clerk, Mr.
Lioyd.
The second and third charges relate to ser-
vices performed for committees charged with
special matters and empowered to send for
persons and papers. The substance of these
charges is, that Mr. Ordway claimed and re-
ceived mileage for journeys not performed, or
not necessarily performed, in the service of
subpoenas for the committees.
The committees designated by Mr. Wilkin-
son are the select committee appointed to in-
vestigate the affairs of the Provost Marshal
General; that appointed to investigate the con-
dition of southern railroads; the Committee
on Public Expenditures, and the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
The evidence upon this point, as given by
Mr. Wilkinson, is that he summoned in the
aggregate twenty-one witnesses from different
points, making five trips, and that Mr. Ordway
charged and received mileage for seventeen
trips.
It must be borne in mind that this witness
can only know that he made five trips in sum-
moning these twenty-one witnesses. He can-
not know that he attended upon his subpoena
nor that other officers did not serve process
upon them. Upon this point the testimony
of Mr. Huujukd, the chairman of one of the
committees, is important. He cannot remem-
ber the ciicumstances attending the procuring
-of all the witnesses, but he singles out eight
of the twenty-one and testifies that these were
summoned by other officers at successive pe-
riods and at times different from those sworn
to by Mr. Wilkinson. These eight cases for
which separate mileage could, according to his
testimony, be properly charged, added to the
five cases admitted by Mr. Wilkinson, make
thirteen instances of legal mileage out of the
seventeen charged for.
The testimony of Mr. Wilkinson was ren-
dered of very little account, in the estimation
of the committee, by the fact that it is in con-
flict with almost all the other testimony in the
ease. He swears to certain alteration in pa-
pers which upon examination prove to be
"wholy untrue. He swears to conversations
with other witnesses which the other witnesses
not only do not remember but positively deny
having occurred. He is contradicted in sev-
eral material and distinct matters by the tes-
timony of his own witnesses, Messrs. Conn
and Dillon, and also by Messrs. Hulbukd,
Eollins, Lloyd, and Cheney.
■ The material and almost the only witness
■upon this point standing thus impeached, the
committee do not, consider the charge of re-
ceiving illegal mileage by any means clearly
established.
But, assuming that the testimony of Wilkin-
son- is true, then another question arises. It
is clear to the committee that since the act of
Februarys, 1850, the Sergeant-at- Arms cannot
legally claim mileage for the service of process
except for the distance actually and neces-
sarily traveled. But very recently the House
of Representatives maintained that there is no
law to prevent it itself from allowing its em-
ployes and officers in special eases compensa-
tion out of its contingent fund beyond the
amount to which they are entitled by law.
Whether this be sound or not, it will not do to
charge its employes and officers with fraud in
receiving such compensation so allowed. A
committee charged with a special object, and
armed wilh ail the power of the House in the
premises, has all the right of the House, sub-
ject to its control and supervision, of procur-
ing necessary services and awarding the ade-
quate compensation. This position may be
disputed, it may be overthrown, but not so
clearly and successfully as to justify the impu-
tation of fraud either to tho committee or the
persons it employs.
The bills in which these alleged illegal
charges were made were passed upon respect-
ively by the committees for whom the ser-
vices were rendered and approved by the
chairmen.
This was according to the universal custom
in both branches of Congress. The commit-
tee call the attention of the House to the tes-
timony of Mr. Brown, Sergeant-at-Arms of
the Senate, upon this point. _ He swears that
extra compensation for services rendered to
investigating committees, in cases where the
ordinary fees are found to be inadequate, is
very common, and that the action of the com-
mittees in the premises is never inquired into
by the Senate.
_ This custom is founded upon reason. The
difficulty of procuring the attendance of unwil-
ling witnesses is well known to every one who
has served upon investigating committees.
Days and weeks are sometimes expended in
search of a single man. It is frequently more
trouble and expense to the officer to procure
the attendance of five witnesses subpeenaed at
a single trip than would be compensated by
five separate mileages. Now, the committee
procuring the services best know the amount
and the value of them, and when they have
Once awarded what they consider the proper
compensation their action is not to be dis-
turbed upon slight grounds.
Your committee do not maintain that that
action is final and conclusive, but they do
maintain that the presumption is in favor of
its fairness and correctness, and that it must
stand until successfully impeached. To do
this it is not enough to show that the officer
was allowed too much compensation for some
particular item of service contained in a bill.
That may be balanced by the want of compen-
sation elsewhere in the same bill. It must be
shown that tho officer received too much com-
pensation in the aggregate. The bill in each
particular case is made up after all the ser-
vices are rendered. The tribunal passing upon
the compensation is supposed to have the whole
of the services in view, and a mere improper
apportionment of the compensation is no just
cause of complaint.
But the ground-work of the charge is not
that the Sergeant-at-Arms received too much
money for the services rendered, but that lie
claimed and received it knowingly and fraud-
ulently ; and the committee cannot, upon any
such testimony as that produced before them,
impute fraud, either to those who awarded or
to the officer who received the alleged illegal
compensation.
The sixth charge was abandoned by the pros-
ecutor himself, except as far as it related to
constructive mileage claimed and allowed for
his attendance upon the escort of the remains
of the late Hon. Philip Johnson. It appears
that when the witness was ordered to attend the
escort lie was in New York; that he was
directed by telegraph to join it at Trenton, on
its way to Easton. He alleges he did this, and
says his mileage was computed from Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The committee do not find that the allow-
ance of constructive mileage in such a case is
in violation of any law. The act of February
5, 1859, is limited by its terms to mileage for
service of process. The amount claimed was
allowed by tbo committee of escort, who must
have known all the circumstances, and whose
action in the premises your committee do not
feel at liberty to call in question.
Upon the whole matter the committee find
none of the charges sustained by the evidence
as far as they impute fraud to the Sergeant-at-
Arms. They therefore recommend the passage
of the following resolution :
Rcsoloed, That the eommittec be discharged from
the further cousiduration of th<' eubject,
J. M. BUOOMALL, Chairman.
E. K. EOKljEY,
WILLIAM 0. FIELDS,
S. M. AltXELL.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. WILLIAM A. PILE,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
February 22, 1868;
On tho resolutions reported by the Committes on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent. ■ ■
Mr. PILE. Mr. Spsaker, selddm in thchis-
tory of legislation has it been the duty of "the
Representatives of a great people to discuss and
vote upon a question of this character. The
course of legislation has flowed on 'for thou-
sands of years in the various Governments'of
the earth. Commerce has been established
and developed; currency and exchange regu-
lated ; taxes have been levied, and provisions
made for their collection; treaties and alli-
ances entered into; armies raised and equipped;
wars prosecuted and peace many times estab-
lished ; amid all this there has been much of
conflict in interest; many scenes of blood and
violence ; many occasions of great public ex-
citement; many sublime moments when the
destinies of peoples were suspended in the bal-
ance ; yet, it has comparatively but rarely
occurred that the trusted rulerof a great nation
upon whom rested the sworn obligation of pre-
serving the public peace and executing the law
has become the disturber of public order and
quiet; the violator of law; the enemy of his
country, and the foe of the liberties of his own
people.
In this country, sir, wo have gone on foi
nearly a century legislating upon the great
questions of national polity that have arisen
during our history. We have raised armies,
prosecuted wars, established peace. Yes, sir,
wo have met and vanquished the mightiest
rebellion of history; we have overthrown the
most powerful evil, the strongest organized
aristocracy and basest type of society that ever
existed among men-—American slavery; but
never before has it been the duty of the peo-
ple's Representatives, assembled in these Halls,
to arraign the President of this great country
before the bar of the only tribunal authorized
by the Constitution of the country for the trial
of such a case. Such a duty, sir, is now im-
posed upon this House. The President has
violated the plainest terms of the law solemnly
cnactcd by the Congress of the people, accord-
ing to and in pursuance of the provisions of
the Constitution. Amid the momentous and
multiform duties of this body arising from the
condition of the country emerging from a
great war, with industrial pursuits deranged,
business depressed, trade stagnant, values dis-
turbed, the people overburdened with taxes,
capital timid and withdrawn from business,
and the public mind feverish and unsettled,
every man going to his chamber at night with
an undefined'and therefore all the more dis-
turbing conviction that ere he wakes in the
morning some new danger may threaten the
peace or life of his nation—amid all this the
highest officer known to the Constitution and
the laws startles the nation, from the shores of
the Atlantic, " where the sons of the Repub-
lic keep watch at the rising of the sun," to the
golden shores of the Pacific, " where they keep
watch at the going down of the same;" has
startled and moved the public mind and heart
to its profoundest depths by a violation of law
at once so flagrant and assumptive as to leave
him without excuse and to make his defenders
on this floor morally participants in his crime.
By these acts, sir, the President and his ad-
visers become the disturbers of public peace,
and upon him and them rest the responsibility
for all tho derangement of business and depres-
sion of trade arising from these proceedings.
I come to the consideration of this subject
with profound regret that such a duty should
! be imposed upon this House, but also-with the
: deliberately formed judgment that has had no
