1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bearing twin banners emblazoned by the ladies
of that city, one with the stars and stripes, the
other with the Irish sun-burst.
. There was a moral power with these men
■when they baptized the trenches of Lexington
■with their blood in defense of these stars and
stripes, which told upon the nation and the
world. England then and there learned that
the Irishman who trod our soil would defend
that flag with all the native ardor and reckless
bravery of his race. The world there learned
that the aliens among us wfould rally around
that flag and march side by side with the natu-
ralized and native-born citizen to defend it
against every foe.
Sir,"who can calculate the important results
to the nation from the enlistment of the Irish
brigade and the battle of Lexington? I may
overrate these important results, but I sincerely
believe that they stand as a wall of fire against
foreign aggression and foreign war; for the
response to the burning appeals of Mulligan
and the gallant bearing of the Irish brigade
teach the world now and will teach it for a cen-
tury to come to fear the power of a llepublic
whose native effective military force is strength-
ened and increased by a continuous foreign
immigration which in numbers hasaa parallel
among the nations of the earth.
Sir, let us cherish this great element of pro-
gressive power, greater a hundredfold than is
possessed by any other nation under heaven !
At the outset of the rebellion, when men
doubted the unity of the North—when that
unity was all important, when it was all import-
antto secure every element of power—the Irish
brigade stood forth as the representative men
of the foreign born, and their voice was heard
by the whole nation; every act of representa-
tive men at that time was of vital importance.
When the heart of the North thrilled with
horror at the dastardly murder of Ellsworth,
almost simultaneous with that thrill was heard
the voice of the Irish brigade:
" Whereas, we havebeardwith pain and profound
regret the intelligence this morning ot' the assassina-
tion of Colonel K. E. Ellsworth, ot Chicago, by the
secessionists of Virginia; and whereas in this crisis
of our national affairs oneol the noblest of the young
.yolunteer soldiers to rally to the endangered llag of
our country, one of the foremost to inspire by his
example and patriotism the unexampled devotion
which is now thronging the capital of llao nation
with the armed chivalry of our country, was our
gallant fellow-soldier and citizen, Colonel Ellsworth;
" licsolved. That we respeetlully demand of the
Secretary of W ar, claiming as our due as the immedi-
ate brother soldiers of the honored dead, the right to
take th,p advance post in vindicating our lost and
noble brother and restoring to the homes of the lie-'
public their happiness and security."
And when they proved their sincerity at Lex-
iHgton, and returned from that bloody advance
post, just defeated but not dishonored, and when
Mulligan returned from a rebel prison, he pro-
claimed in their name to the thousands who
had gathered to welcome him homo at Joliet
and Chicago:
" I can simply say for myself and command that
we, one and all, will anxiously await the day when
we can again stand together in our own loved Iiish
brigade, with our faces set against rebellion and
toward Missouri. I hope that day is not far off when
I may again unfurl that flag intrusted to my keep
ins, and plant it upon some height as dangerous as
Lexington. For my companions I can pledge you,
sir. that while the Constitution is violated, while
laws are broken, while rebellion flaunts its banri'ers,
no man ul'them will rest untilthe last blow is struck
which shall restore ourumted nationality.
" Coming, too, as I do, with the experience gained,
in those trying hours, I pledge myself and the whole
Irish brigade, that while there is a fireside here
threatened or a home endangered their lives will be
cheerfully given in defense of that fireside and that
home. I am for the Union, and for the Union until
death."
Sir, words like these from representative
men in the hour of doubt and danger give a
moral tone to a cause and a moral strength to
a principle more efficient in their defease than
ten thousand bayonets.
But I am not alone in my views of the pecu-
liar services of Colonel Mulligan at the outset
of the rebellion. I read a letter from General
Grant:
WASHixeTON, D. C„ March IS, 1S68.
jJeak Sir: In behalf of Sirs. Mulligan, who has
had claim for extra compensation before your com-
mittee for services rendered by hot husband during
;v
the rebellion, I would say that Colonel Mulligan
held a command above his rank for a good portion
of the time he was in service. He was a gallant and
commanding soldier. His early entrance into the
service securcd to the Army, no doubt, many who
otherwise might have been led in sympathy in oppo-
sition to th« man. His untimely death in the service
of his country has left a helpless widow and orphan
children poor anei dependent.
I think Mrs. Mulligan's case is ©no appealing to
the sympathy of Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
__ U. IS. GRANT, General.
Hon, J. A. GfARKm,r>,
Chairman Military Committee of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken of the peculiar
services rendered by Colonel Mulligan to the
Union at the outset of the rebellion as a rea-
son for the passage of this bill. I might add
as another reason his dying words, so like in
spirit to those dying words of Decatur, which
have been, as it were, the motto of our tars in
every conflict on the occan, The dying words
of a patriot are treasured as a priceless legacy
by the patriots of every nation. At the battle
of Winchester Colonel Mulligan was mortally
wounded. While being carried off the field,
seeing that the colors of his brigade were
endangered, he ordered Ms bearers to lay him
down and save the flag, and upon their hesita-
tion he repeated the order, "Lay me down and
save the flag." The order was then obeyed—
he was laid down weltering in his blood, and
the flag was saved.
Sir, such words under such circumstances
will educate the patriot of future generations
when he shall read their record in the history
of the great rebellion. It has been said that
11 the blood of the religious martyr is the seed
of the church." Surely the words of the patriot,
when pouring out his life blood for his flag, are
the seeds of future patriotism.
I have prepared a table showing that if Col-
onel Mulligan had been commissioned and paid
according to his commands he would have
received a larger amount than is gives by this
bill:
Pay of United States Army officer?, including subuzt-
ence, forage, showing the difference between the
pay of a colonel of injantry and a brigadier and
major general.
Colonel, per month  #212 00
Brigadier general, per month  32b 50
Major general, per month  481 01)
Excess of pay ot brigadier general, per year. 1,374 00
Excess of pay of major gunoral, per year  3,2^8 00
Average excels for one year  2,301 00
Average excess for two years  4,602 00
Average excess, with lour years' interest  5,706 00
Principal, with four years' interest to make
$5.000  4,032 60
Excess pay of brigadier general from Sep-
tember 1,1S01, to August, 1864  6,711 00
I read a letter from James W. Sheahan to
Senator Yates :
Tribune Office, Chicago, April 6,1867.
Djcar Snt; Mis. Mulligan, the widow of the com-
mander of the twenty-third Illinois infantry, of
whose history you and all other lllinoisans are so
proud, visits Washington on business, and I am sure
will find in you a friend and advocate.
Mr. Lincoln, at the tnne of Colonel Mulligan's
death, appointed him brigadier general by brevet.
Colonel Mulligan had for more than a year com-
manded a major general's division, and that, too, in
active duty in the held. His widow wishes to have
his services acknowledged by brigadior'3 commis-
sion dated back to Lexington. lam sure that you
will aid her by your inliuence and advice.
Your friend, JAMKS W. SllEAIIAN.
Hon. Richard Yates, United State9 Senate.
Mr. Speaker, who will get the benefits of this
bill? Those whom Mulligan, next to God and
tfis country, loved best, and loved with all the
ardor of his great and magnanimous soul.
Marian Mulligan, the wife of the hero, and
her children—one widowed and the others or-
phaned by rebel shot. Marian Mulligan, the
loved, the devoted wife, whom Mulligan would
not suffer "the winds of heaven to visit too
roughly," who, unless the bill becomes a law,
will be houseless. I read an extract from a
sketch of the life and services of Colonel Mul-
ligan, by James W. Sheahan, esq., the biog-
rapher of Douglas;
" Purlin; all his campaigns Ma young and devoted
wife accompanied him. Sh© followed his inarch, and
when he stopped she and the little ones joined him.
When danger threatened or a fight took place she
merely retired to a place of safety, that she might be
near, and in case casualty that she might hasten
•to his side. When he was besieged at Lexmgtsn she
was in the vicinity, and when he was carried off a
t followed him into captivity, and stayed
with him during these long months, sharing his
prison fare and life. Upon the appearance of tho
rebels m >Y estcrn Virginia, Mulligan and his cota-
maud marched out to meet them; she remained
watching and praying for his safe return. The news
ot the tight and retreat and her husband's wounda
and capture reached her in her place of refuge.
Prompted by a wile's devotion, and with all the-hope
and anxiety ot a mother, she, on foot and on horse-
back, without a moment's delay, sought the enemy's
lines, and by a woman's tears she was permitted to
enter. She hastened on, but, alas I too late. Tho
eyes that so often looked upon, her in love had been,
closed by stranger hands in the enemy's camp—tho
father of her children was dead. Nor did that blow
fall alone. By the side of her brave and gallant
husband fell also her brave and noble brother. Both
fell at the same time upon the same field. Noble,
daring, fearless soldiers, they gave to their country
their own lives and the happiness of their loved ones
forever."
I read also two resolutions of the citizeaa
of Chicago, through their committee of funeral
arrangements:
"Resolved, That this meeting deplore the sad
calamity which has fallen upon Chicago in the loss
of one of her most gifted sons, which has fallen upon
Illinois in tho loss of one of her ablest citizens, on
the country in tho loss of one of her bravest and most
patriotic soldiers.
" iiesolveU, That to the noble-hearted widow of tho
gallant Mulligan we offer our tenderest consolation.
fc5 he has shown by her devotion to her husband through
thecampaign a sacrificing spirit werthyof thepatript
she loved, and worthy of tuatdevotioa that such a
gallant soldier and noble-hearted man bestowed
upon her. We pray for permission to mingle our
tears with her's over the tomb that will enshrine hep
husband and brother, Chicago's children—their
country's braves."
I also read a letter from General Grant to
President Johnson:
Headquarters Army op the United Stated,
Washington, April 18,1867.
Snt: I have the honor to recommend Colonel James
A.Mulligan, twenty-thiid Illinois volunteer infantry,-
for promotion to the rank of brigadier general of
volunteers, to date from September 1, 1S61. From
the above date to the date of his death Colonel Mul-
ligan exercised a command at all times. I believe,
equal to that of a brigadier genera!. In August.
18o4. lie was killed, leaving a widow and several
children to mourn his loss, and who will be much
benefited by this recognition of the services of Col-
onel Mulligan.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, 17. S. OltANT, General.
His Excellency, A. Johnsox,
President of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, the passage of this bill will be
approved by the General of the Army; will
be approved by the people as an act of justice
due from the Government to the widow and
children of him who was the means of so
materially aiding the Union in its hour of peril,
and who died a martyr's death in its defense.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLTGHEAVES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
o. v. SIIIRAS.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back House bill No.
1077, for the relief of O, P. Shiras, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
It directs the paymaster to pay to Oliver P.
Shiras, lately commissioned as first, lieutenant
in the twenty-seventh regiment I®wa volunteer
infantry, the full pay and emoluments of a first
lieutenant of infantry from the 10th of August,
1802, to the 28th of February, 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed
unanimously.
Mr. GAKFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed j and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. DO'DGK, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs? reported adversely on the follow-
ing cases, and the same were laid on the table;
The petition of members of the seventh Iowa
