3704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
because I have not been able to fiud outl make
the inquiry now.
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot give the gentleman
any more of my time. 11 is easy enough for him
to ascertain where this Department is located.
With regard to the fruits accruing from this
institution, it certainly could not be expected
that in the short period of time which has
elapsed since the inauguration of this Depart-
ment it could have sprang to full fruition.
Time must be consumed in breaking the ground
and sowiiig the seed before the harvest can be
reaped.
Some unfavorable intimations have been
made as to the qualifications of the gentleman
who has been assigned to the control of this
Department. When this subject was lieieto-
fore under consideration in the House, I took
occasion to call attention to the character of
this gentleman, and to the high and unques-
tionable testimony with regard to his qualifica-
tions. I had read here an extract from Kent's
Commentaries, in which Chancellor Kent him-
self, a quarter of a century ago, spoke in terms
of the highest commendation with respect to
the educational labors of the gentleman who
has been assigned by the President to the con-
trol of this Department. From the time when
he was thus favorably noticed by Chancellor
Kent in the fourth edition of his Commentaries
to the present moment, this gentleman has been
undeviatingly devoting himself to the cause of
education, both in this country and abroad.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. Mr.
Chairman, (believe this matter of encouraging
education is not a new thing with Congress.
If lam correctly informed, it has been the habit
of Congress from the earliest days of our Gov-
ernment to make liberal contributions for pro-
moting education in the States and Territories.
I know that in my own noble State we are
greatly indebted to the munificence of Con-
gress for our system of common-school educa-
tion. Jti every township one section of land
was appropriated by Congress for school pur-
poses ; and the sale of those sections has given
to us the greater portion of ourcommon-school
fund. I understand that at this moment the
young State of Minnesota has a more prosper-
ous common-school fund than any other State
in the Union, not excepting old Connecticut;
and this has arisen from the liberal donations
of public lands by Congress. All the new
Slates have received donations of lauds from
Congress for the promotion of common-school
education. But where will you go to ascertain
what has become of these donations, what they
have amounted to, what their situation is in
each of the States ? I ask this question for the
purpose of telling you that this is one of the
purposes for which this bureau of education
was created herein Washington, that the gen-
tleman at the head of it might form a report
of the statistics of education in the different
States of the Union, and lay that report from
time to time before Congress, so that the peo-
ple of the States might be benefited by it.
I understand the gentleman now at the head
of the bureau, who isone of the best instructors
in America, confessedly one who has greater
experience and capability than any other man
who can be named m connection with this
subject—I understand lie has been diligently
employed in gathering this information from
the States and Territories and is preparing to
lay it before the people of the United States,
so they may have the benefit of it. This is one
great object in creating the bureau of educa-
tion-. 1 want to inquire what is Congress
coming to? Gentleman say we must wash
our hands of the charities in the District of
Columbia, not a dollar to go for benevolent
purposes. And now when the Senate lias
appropriated a small pittance of $20,000, under
a law enacted twelve months ago, and a law j
which has found favor throughout the civilized
world, where we are commended for it, we
are now so niggardly we propose to strike out
that appropriation of $20,000, and say_ there
shall no longer be this bureau of education to
foster a great interest of the country. I depre-
cate the policy which would strike down this
appropriation as I would deprecate the policy
which ties oar hands against administering to
the charities of the District of Columbia.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I was
somewhat taken by surprise this morning to
lind the friends of the different schemes have'
agreed on a scheme with which to carry out
this Department of Education. It passed the
very night Congress adjourned last year. It
had been defeated by my casting vote; but my
learned friend fiom Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly]
came and asked me to withdraw it. I did so.
I did not think it was to be taken upand passed
immediately. It was passed, and a ir.au about
whom I could speak that which would place
him in a different position from that which he
now occupies, was appointed instantly to this
place. When we came here not a dollar had
been appropriated to pay him. They asked
for a deficiency to pay him ; this House refused
to pay a dollar for the purpose. They refused
to consent to an appropriation for the next
fiscal year. I like to hear education eulogized.
I have sometimes taken pride in advocating
it; but whoever thought of educating the peo-
ple at the top rung? Whoever, sir, thought
of educating the negroes to vote by teaching
them Greek and Latin. My friends here are
preparing them for freedom by giving them,
not a common-school education, but by giving
them a high scientific polish. Gentlemen, study
your "Tlildreth" and your arithmetic a little
more, and say how long it took you to gut edu-
cated. The services of the bureau of educa-
tion will be lost so far as the negroes are con-
cerned.
What is the bureau of education ? It is the
gathering up of these facts by a worn-out man,
who embodies them in his report. We are told
the speech of the gentleman from Ohi® [Mr.
CiARVieli)] on this subject, was much applauded.
I have no doubt if was. It was a great speech,
but wherein would that help the mass of the peo-
ple in teaching them how to govern the nation?
We have before the House two bills for com-
mon-school purposes. I thought we had agreed
to that. One of them repeals this educational
bureau and substitutes common schools in this
District in its place. These common schools
would be of some use. We now pay for a
portion of the education of the people of this
District. We pay a part and the people of the
District pay the balance. I ask seriously, do
you advocate this measure merely foi the pur-
pose of making a glorious speech on the sub-
ject of education, or do you make it for the
purpose of fitting freeman for the ballot-box?
1 think no one can doubt, what the answer to
that should be. I should bo ashamed to vote
against educating the people. I would track
them from the lowest man or boy who could
be taught to read and write upward until the
sciences would become germane to their con-
dition. But I would be ashamed to begin at
the top and establish a school like Oxford or
Cambridge, or like the bureau of education,
as one of the samples of the efforts of this na-
tion on the subject of education.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
adding one dollar. I do not know, if I were
disposed, that I could say anything about the
gentleman at the head of this Department that
is not known to the members of the House or
to the country. It is proper, however, to say
that what I do know of him is to his ciedit,
and that I know nothing to his discredit. I
rose, however, not for the purpose of general
discussion, but for the purpose of suggesting a
thought in connection with the condition of
education in that part of the country that we are
now engaged m politically reconstructing. One
of the measures going hand in hand witli political
construction is educational reconstruction. In
my own State—as some of my colleagues know,
for they were parties concerned—the inaugu-
ration of an improved school system was one
of the first things that met them when the Gov-
ernment was reorganized after the close of the
war. They are aware how much they lacked
of information respecting the state, not of the
higher schools, as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] says, but of the lower,
the primary, the rudimentary schools; how
much they needed of the sort of information,
to collect and disseminate which 1 understand
to be one of the principal objects of this De-
partment of Education. It seems to me, in
view of the condition of affairs in that whole
region of country where the establishment of a
system of common education to reach all classes
of society is a very important part of the pro-
cesses that are now going on, we need especial-
ly, if we ever did, some central agency by which
the experience and the results of systems in
other parts of the country, where common
education has been more highly organized,
might be collected. We need it especially and
peculiarly, and in that point of view, leaving
out every other aspect of the question, it seems
to me that this very inconsiderable appropria-
tion of $20,000 might be permitted to stand.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois, moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speakerhaving resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of ihe
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the special order under con-
sideration, being the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (II. 11. No. 005) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASIIBUHNE, of Illinois. 1 move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the special order, all debute
upon the pending paragraph and the amend-
ments thereto terminate in fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
again resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. (305) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the both of
June, 1809.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the amendments of the
Seriate to the bill (H. 11. No. 605) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1809.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
have failed yet to hear any gentleman te.ll the
committee what it is proposed to accomplish
by having this Bureau of Education. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] talked
about the danger to our institutions without it.
How tbe safety of the country is todepend upon
it he did not tell us. He spoke of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture and of the importance
of that Department of the Government. He
spoke of the importance of educating the l'reed-
meu so that they might vote intelligently. But
how he proposes that the Commissioner of
Education, located in some-office in Washing-
ton—over a restaurant on the avenue, as I
believe he holds his office now—is going to
educate the freedmen in Mississippi and South
Carolina to vote he failed to tell us.
Mr. DONNELLY. I simply desire to say
that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr, May-
naiid] has fully answered that question in stat-
ing that this institution was necessary to col-
lect information called for by those freedmen.
