2680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May- 29;-
cavalry, asking allowances for transportation,
&c.; and
The papers relating to the claim of B. E.
Woodman, late captain company B, thirteenth
Wisconsin volunteer infantry.
A. TV. BALLARD.
Mr. DODGE also, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 553, for the relief
of A. W. Ballard, with a subiftitute.
The substitute, which was read, directs the
Quartermaster General to allow and settle the
claim of Captain A. W. Ballard, late captain
thirteenth regiment United States colored in-
fantry, for value of lost vouchers for corn issued
by Benton Stearns, lieutenant of twenty-second
Michigan volunteer infantry, late assistant
quartermaster at Washington, Arkansas, No-
vember 15, 1803, the same being now sus-
pended under act of Congress of February 19,
1867.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to have the report
read.
Mr. DODGE. The facts are simply these:
this officer was in charge of the freedmeu there
and turned over to the proper quartermaster
the corn that was raised on the forms. He re-
ceived from that quartermaster a roucher, and
when that voucher came to the Departm it
here for settlement, under the taw quoted in
the bill, it could not be allowed. There is uo
money in the bill. It simply allows the vouch-
ers. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and paused.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOTIIINO KOK UNITED STATES TROOrH.
Mr. DODGE, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 281) au-
thorizing the issue of clothing to company !<*,
eighteenth United States infantry; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to issue to thirty-three enlisted
men of company F, eighteenth regiment United
States infantry, clothing in lieu of and equal in
amount to that lost by them in crossing the
North Platte river in June, 1806.
Mr. DODGE. The facts of the case are,
that this company were crossing the North
Platte river in a ferry-boat. Their clothing
was in a Government wagon. The boat was
sunk and the team lost, with all their clothing.
Heretofore there has been a law allowing the
reissue of clothing in some cases, but that act
expired with the end of the war. The War
Department asks foi the passage of this reso-
lution, authorizing a reissue to the men of the
clothing they lost. I ask the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
II. o, ACRESY.
Mr. DODGE, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1130) for the relief
of H. G Aukeny, late captain fourth Iowa
infantry ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill instructs the Secretary of War to
reimburse II. G. Aukeny, late captain fourth
Iowa infantry, S>2'J9 59 out of any appropria-
tion made or hereafter to be made for the
recruiting service of the United-States Army.
Mr. DODGE. This 13 a case where vouch-
ers for recruiting services were lost. This
officer brought to the Army some sixty recruits,
at an expense of a little over five dollars
apiece, or $300. His vouchers were lostafter
the battle of Pea Ridge on the way from Pea
Ridge to headquarters at St. Louis, and though
duplicates of everything were shown to us,
this is the only method in which the officer can
get pay for the money he advanced to get the
recruits there. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accord ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PJSTKlt J. liURCJIELL.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 744) for the relief of Peter J. Bnrchell,
of Kane county, Illinois, and the same was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
J. E. ST. CLAIR.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
also reported adversely upon the petition of
J. E. St. Clair, for the payment of a company
of men exempt from draft, organized at Co-
lumbus, Ohio ; which was laid ou the table.
SOLDTKIis' BOUNTIES.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have been instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs to make
an adverse report upon the petition of sundry
soldieisfor bounty, &c., as we expect to report
a general bill 011 the subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE,' of Illinois. Do the
committee expect to report a general bill to
cover the principle 111 the Mrs. Mulligan case?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not with my consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They will
have to do it to carry out the precedent in that
ease, and that will involve the expenditure of
several million dollars.
Mr. GARFIELD. That was the report of
a mere majority of the committee. I move
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition in rela-
tion to soldiers' bounties, &c., and that the
same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JONATHAN O. IIORTON.
Mr. KETCH AM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported adversely upon the
petition of Jonathan G. Horton, for relief;
which was laid on the table.
V/ILLTAM A. HOWARD.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the same committee,
also reported adveisely upon the memorial of
William A. Howard, late lieutenant colonel
of Maine artillery and colonel of the thirteenth
United States heavy artillery, praying for relief
from the stoppage of his pay as an officer on
account of informal muster; which was laid
ou the table.
KOItT LRAVENWORTII RESERVATION.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on Mil?
tary Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same be passed, House bill No.
938, to authorize the sale of twenty acres of
land in the military reservation at Fort Leav-
enworth, Kansas.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble to the bill states that on the
13th of November, 1800, the Secretary of
War, on behalf of the United States aiul in
accordance with the previous practice of the
War Department, executed to Samuel Denmati,
William H. Russell, and Thomas Ewing, jr.,
and their assigns, a lease of twenty .acres of
land in the military reserve at Fort Leaven-
worth, In the State of Kansas, for the term of
sixteen years thereafter, with a preference to
them of an extension of the term and with an
exclusive right to them to mine for coal in the
lands of the said military reservation ; that the
said lessees and their assigns accepted said
lease, and upon the faith thereof have prose-
cuted their mining operations under many diffi-
culties and at great expense, and have finally
succeeded in striking the deep coal beds of that
geological region after having expended their
entire capital to the amount of $40,000.
The preamble further states that it is now
discovered that the said lease is invalid because
the Secretary of War was not authorised by law
to make the same, by reason of which the said
lessees are deprived of their right to prqeeed,
and are threatened with the total loss of their
money and are without redress; that in view
of the incalculable benefit to be derived, not
only by the State of Kansas, but by the whole
country adjacent thereto, from the development
of the coal strata of this region, the Senate and
House of Representatives of the State of Kan-
sas, on the 18th of January, 1868, concurred in
a joint resolution reciting the foregoing facts
and respectfully requested this Congress to act
in the premises; and that the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States have heretofore
passed an act directing the sale, in small tracts,
of a body of land in the said military reserve.
The first section of the bill provides that the
Leavenworth Coal Company, being the suc-
cessoi-s and assignees of Samuel Dernnan, Wil-
liam H. Russell, and Thomas Ewing, jr., under
the lease referred to in the preamble, shall have
the right to purchase from the United States
twenty acres of laud iyingin the military reserve
at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and described
as follows: beginning at the intersection of the
south line of the military reserve with the
Missouri river, running northwardly thence
along the west bank of said river, thence west-
waidly in a line parallel to the south line of
the military reserve, thence southwardly 011 a
line at right angles with the south line of the
military reserve, thence eastwardly on the s.iid
south line to the point of beginning; said lines
to be run so as to make the form of the twenty
acres as nearly square as practicable. The
Leavenworth Coal Company are to pay there-*
for the sum fixed by the commander of the
department, the chief commissary, and quar-
termaster of the department; and the lease is
extended sixteen years from this date.
The second scetion provides that, upon the
payment of the purchase money, the Secretary
of the Interior shall issue to the Leavenworth
Coal Company, its successors and assigns, a
patent for the lands, each patent granting the
exclusive right to mine for all coal underlying
the lands now comprised in the military re-
serve.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust
this bill will not be passed without some satis-
factory explanation.
Mr. PAINE. I would liketo puta question
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] if
he will yield to me.
Mr. DODGE. Certainly.
Mr. j?AlNE. I would like to know the date
of tha?£ lease.
M<\ DODGE. I will explain. This lease
wmf made November 13. 1800. by the Secre-
tary of War.
^ Mr. PAINE. What was the name of the
'Secretary of War? I believe it was John B.
Floyd.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to know why it is
proposed to sell the land. I understood that
this was originally intended to be a lease, and
that on account of some informality the lease
was not legal. Now, why not renew the leaie,
instead of selling the land ? I understand that
this bill proposes to sell the laud to this com-
pany.
Mr. DODGE. I Trill explain. The com-
pany went under this lease and sunk a shaft
about six hundred and fifty feet. Then when
the renewal of the lease was asked, being ap-
proved by the present Secretary of War atrii
Quartermaster General, it was discovered that
the power to make a'leaso tad been taken from
