1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8705
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have had a
speech from the gentleman from Tennessee,
but he did not tell us precisely how this was to
be done. The collecting of statistics and pub-
lishing them in a book is not going to educate
the freedmen. You cannot send out education
as the Commissioner of Agriculture does seeds,
done up in parcels. You cannot put it up in
that way. Education must start from the root,
from the home, with the primer and the spell-
ing-book. Education must be patronized by
the States, by the establishment of schools,
colleges, and institutions of learning. Thej
must be the custodians of the education of the
children of this country and of the children
of a more advanced age, the freedmen. A
Depai tmeutof Education located here in Wash-
ington cannot be the custodian of education ;
nor can such a department, it seems to mo, be
of any sort of advantage to the country. You
might as well have a department of commerce,
a department of merehanics, a department of
the Christian religion, or a department of shoe-
making ; for it is quite as important that the
soles of our feet be well protected as that our
souls be cultivated; itis quite as important that
the understandings which we tread on should
be good as the understanding with which we
legislate; and you might just as well, it seetns
to me, have departments of all these different
subjects as a department of education here in
the city of Washington. It would do as much
good. Now, I would like some gentleman to
tell us the ways and means, the particular man-
ner in which the Commissioner of Education is
going to educate the freedmen how to vote, and
the poor children in the district of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfiem>] how to
read their Bibles? Perkaps the gentleman can
tell us.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Fauxsworth] has given an illustra-
tion just before he asked his question that
seems to me very striking. He says he would
like to know whether we need a department
to improve the understanding upon which we
tread. Now, I do not know but that we need
just such a department as that.
Mr. FAllNSWORTH. As I do not make
speeches for the purpose of getting the opinion
of John Bright or of spreading them in the
Globe the gentleman will excuse me.
Mr. GARFIELD. Well, I will excuse the
gentleman of course.
Mr. SPALDING. We have no department
of grammar here yet.
Mr. PIKE. The reporters fix up all that.
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, to be serious about
this matter, I want gentlemen to understand
that when the ordinance of 1787 was passed it
was one of the fundamental conditions that of
every township of land ceded to the United
States one sixteenth was to be set apart for-
ever as sacred to the purposes of education.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Was not
that fur the education of the common people
and not of the nabobs of the country ?
Mr. GARFIELD. One township at least
in every State was set apart for establishing
universities, and there were universities estab-
lished. Gentlemen of this Congress will un-
derstand that not all Congresses have been
unable to see any importance in fostering the
interests of education.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to say one other
thing in regard to this bill. It is not claimed
that we should take any control of education
in the States. It is not claimed, as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] would
indicate, that we advocate the study of Latin
and Greek to teach the negroes how to vote.
But it is claimed that there are seventeen States
in this Union that, until a very recent period,
had no system of education. The States of
the South, with perhaps two or three excep-
tions, never had a system of education. And
next to the love these people just released from
slavery have for liberty iljulf is their love of
knowing how to read and' write—for entering
into the lields of knowledge. They have asked
to be educated more earnestly thaa they Lave
asked any other boon since they obtained free-
dom. I have in my possession a letter from a
man who is nominated for commissioner of
common schools in one of these States begging
that this department of education may give his
State all possible aid and counsel in organizing
a system of common schools.
And all through the southern States they
want, not teachers merely, bat they want to
know what the best systems of education are
in the various States of this Union, and it is
precisely that kind of information which the De-
partment is furnishing, and was established to
lurnish. We are sending out one hundred and
sixty thousand tons weightofagricultural reports
every year, and gentlemen send them to their
constituents, loading the mails with them, to
teach the people better how to sow and hoe and
reap. Will you not, expend the small amount
appropriated by this bill for this Department, in
telling the people of this country how best to edu-
cate their children and how best to fit them for
the high duties of citizens? I shall feel that a
wound hasbeeninflicted on thehonorofAmerica
if this Department shall be stricken down just
when it is beginning to live. It was established
at the request of the teachers of the country—
a body of men who are silently but certainly
moldingthe destinies of the future generations.
Shall their modest request for national recog-
nition once granted be so soon denied? I am
unwilling to believe that this House will strike
down this Department.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker resumed the chair to receive
a message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a bill and joint
resolution of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1077) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over Black river, in
Lorain county, Ohio ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 318) to cor-
rect an act entitled "An act for the relief of
certain exporters of rum."
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill and joint resolutions
of the following titles ; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 159) relating to the western
Pacific railroad;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 152) to extend
the time for the completion of the west Wis-
consin railroad; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 154) to admit
certain persons to the Naval Academy.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
The amendment of the Senate in relation to
the Department of Education was under con-
sideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to show to the Committee of the Whole that
the Senate have put in this amendment which
we are asked to agree to $4,800 more than
was estimated for.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose they were sat-
isfied that not enough had been estimated for.
Mr. WELKER. i do not propose to dis-
cuss the general question of education in this
country in the few remarks I propose to make
in reference to the amendment of the Senate.
I agree with gentlemen who have already made
remarks on this subject, as to the great im-
portance of the educational interests of this
country. But I do not concede that the estab-
lishment of this Department of Education is to
furnish the means by which and through which i
the people of the different States of this Union
are to be educated. But I will not discuss
this question now. I wish to make a few re-
marks in relation to the efficiency of this
Department of Education, since this Congress
creased that department of the General Gov-
ernment. Since I have been in Congress I
have been connected with the Committee for
the District of Columbia. I have taken a great
deal of interest in the eause of education in
this District. And my venerable friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has been chair-
man of a committee on the subject of a sys-
tem of common schools for this District. A
year ago, in conjunction with a colleague, I
introduced a resolution calling on this Depart-
ment of Education for certain statistical in-
formation connected with the educational in-
terests of this District, from which 1 expected,
as I have no doubt the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Schools for this District ex-
pected, to gain a great deal of information in
reference to what plan of education should be
adopted in this District. That resolution was
passed a year ago ; but I have never heard a
word by way of report in answer to it.
Mr. GARFIELD. That report has been set
up in type for several weeks past.
Air. WELKER. It may be set up in type;
but I have never heard of it, though the res-
olution was passed a year ago. N ow, if this
Department is to control the educational in-
terests of this great country, it seems to me
that if there was any efficiency in it it could
have answered those inquiries in regard to this
District within a year after the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD. Did not the resolution
require the Department to make a complete
census of this whole District, which has been
done very completely and thoroughly?
Mr. WELKER. It was to furnish a census
of the District, together with such other inform-
ation as would enable us to get up a system
of common schools for this District.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Wo have
three other census bureaus now.
Mr. WELKER. No report has been made.
I speak of this to show the efficiency of this
Department.
Mr. PIKE. I think there is a minute or
two left of the time allowed for debate on this
proposition. I wish to remind the Committee
of the Whole of the argument of the senior
member from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] which is
the most plausible 1 have heard.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the gentleman call
me the senior member?
Mr. PIKE, i think the gentleman is older
than the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker]
who has justspoken. The gentleman referred
to the system of land grants for the support of
common schools. Now, I have no doubt (he
State systems of common schools have worked
well. But is it worth while to spend $20,000 a
year on this Department of Education, besides
the expenditure necessary for paper and print-
ing, in order to ascertain that fact, when the
records of the various States will exhibit the
facts to any gentleman or any association that
desires them, and will send for them through
the proper channels?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Ihe amendment of the Senate was non-cou-
curred in.
One hundred and ninety-fourth amendment:
In lines eleven hundred and forty-three and eleven
hundred andforty-lourstrike out "$6,500" and insert
4'$9,u00;" so as to make the clause read: '
For salaries of the director, treasurer, assay er,
inciter and refiner, chief comer and engraver, assist-
ant assayer. and seven clerks, $39,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and ninety-fifth amendment;
Add after the word "dollars." in line eleven hun-
dred andforty-four, the following:
Providcif, That trom and alter the 1st day of July,
18G3, the annual compensation of the weighmgolertc
shall be S2.50U, and the compensation of the calculat-
ing, accounting, and warrant clerks shall be &2.000
each.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One-hundred and ninety-sixth amendment:
Strike out11 £>150,000" and insert "§191,000;" so ftS
to make lines eleven hundred and sixty and cloven
hundred and sixty-one lead as follows:
For wages of workmen and adjusters, $191,000,
