1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had bettor
all be fixed in one provision. It. is not a
matter that should occupy the attention of
Congress any considerable length of time. I
think we all agree that, there should be a limit
in this matter, and stop the clamor that has
been raised at any rate. As to the abuse
alleged to exist, I have no knowledge of it,
so far as this body is concerned. 1 do not
apprehend that Senators have used more sta-
tionery than the hill provides for. At tiny
rate, however, 1 shoula be glad to see a limit
imposed : and I hope it may be so arranged
as (o apply from this time forward, if it can
be done.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. The Senate should un-
derstand that the House of Representatives
hare tor many years had a regulation which
governs this matter. The members of the
House are allowed to draw no more than a
certain amount of stationery in value for the
short session and a certain other sum for the
long session. That is their rule. This pro-
vision. therefore, does not apply to them. It is
a House regulation passed to regulate the Sen-
ate : that is the amount of it. It is not for
themselves; it is for us. They say that we
shall not have any more than a certain amount.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing that they
should say so.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Very well; I have no
objection to their saying so, if we choose to
have it so, and if it is put in the right shape.
But here they send us a bill intimating to us
that we have not been under proper regula-
tions, and that they want to regulate our rules
under which we have always acted in regard to
stationery. If Senators think it advisable to let
it be so I have no sort of objection, simply for the
reason that I have come to the conclusion that
something must be done. As I said before, we
have talked this matter over in the joint com-
mittee which has been raised, and we have
concluded to take it into consideration and put
our stationery room under proper regulations
and fix it so that there shall be no more abuse;
and we are engaged upon that work and mean
to follow it up.
All I meant to say was this: as the bill
stood, this being a provision applying solely
to the Senate, and as really, in looking around
upon the faces of my brother-Senators and
considering what sort of men they are, I can-
not believe that they would steal a very great
quantity in the shape of stationery for a few
weeks to come, and I cannot suppose that if
we put this off a short time they will'go to work
to provide themselves with quantities to last for
years. I would not do that myself, and I do
not really see any man here that I think would.
I merely suggested that simply because of this
talk that has been had. We should not be
frightened out of our wits, but should go to
work and ascertain if there is an abuse, and, if
so, correct it in the proper way, and not now
undertake to say that we will do this without
knowing what the facts are and how much we
need or anything about it. That was the sug-
gestion I made; but if Senators prefer to say
that we have been properly accused, and that the
House is right in this rebuke, and that, therefore,
we will have this done, and we will not wait to
see what the facts are and what regulations
should be made, but will pass it at once for
fear thenewspapers will abuse us a little more,
be it so. I think the sensible course is to look
into the subject like quiet men disposed to do
right and correct any abuses that may exist.
•Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Can it not be
done by a rule or resolution of the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, just as well.
Mr. BUCKALEW. My object in offering
this amendment was not to defeat the substan-
tive purpose of this provision, but to make it
more thorough and effectual. In the first place
it is to be remembered that there is no allow-
ance made to members of the Senate in the
way of money for stationery, and this clause
is drawn with reference to a system of allow-
ance to members in money or a money account.
40th Cond. 2d Sess.-—No. 18.
If we adopt this provision I suppose it will be
construed literally to apply only to members of
the House of Representatives, and our station-
ery-room and the drawing from it by members
of the Senate will continue precisely as at pres-
ent. I doubt very much whether this clause
will reach the object proposed here.
Again, sir, independent of that, this clause
does not reach the true source of difficulty and
of trouble ; and that is, our system of purchase
and of distribution and the employment of par-
ticular officers for that duty. All these things
are before the select committee, and it will be
my desire at least that a report shall be made
by that committee, and I doubt not it will be,
and adopted by both Houses of Congress, which
will reach to the foundation of this thing, and
will regulate it so that we shall have no further
complaint about it. My objection to this pro-
vision sent us by the House is that it does not
apply to our system here, and, as I construe the
words contained in this clause, it will not affect
in any way whatever the present distribution
of stationery to Senators ; it only affects the
amount allowed to members of the House in
money for newspapers and for stationery. The
legal construction of it will be that we cannot
allow a member of the Senate more than §125
in money for newspapers and stationery which
they may purchase themselves, and no more
can be allowed to a member of the House ; but
our present unregulated system of distributing
stationery is untouched; that is not a question
of money.
Mr. CONKLING. This subject seems to
me to have a good deal more importance in its
relations than it has in itself. If the only object
was to do what is right in fact I should agree
with what has been said by the distinguished
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden-,] but it
is a very old maxim that there is often a good
deal of use in seeming to be right as well as
being right in truth. During last summer the
partisan journals of the State of New York
teemed with most extraordinary, I might say
astounding, statements under the general head
of senatorial excesses in the distribution of
stationery. Under that general head it was
affirmed that not only paper, envelopes, pen-
knives, paper-holders, inkstands, and every-
thing which people in general understand to
be included under the head of stationery, had
been most profusely and wantonly distributed,
but that pin-cushions, gloves, perfumery, bijou-
terie of various kinds had been paid for at the
public expense and enjoyed by Senators or
their families. Men editing newspapers on the
other side in several instances cut out these
statements and inclosed them to me asking for
information—asking what could be the expla-
nation of these statements. I applied by let-
ter to the Secretary of the Senate that I might
get some understanding of what was the mean-
ing of all this. Having been in Congress eight
or nine years I had never known an instance
except one in which a pair of gloves had been
offered to any person. Once on the occasion
of a funeral in the House of Representatives
I was informed by some officer of the House
that there was a pair of gloves for me, as I was
to take part in something connected with the
ceremonies of the occasion, which pair of
gloves I did not see, and I have not seen them
yet. Having no information but that, I applied
to the Secretary of the Senate to know what
this could mean, and I was answered after
awhile that so far as there was truth in the
statement it was made up by taking a great
number of things together and then stating the
sum total as if it was applicable to the single
year in which the statement was being pub-
lished. This went to a great extent. It was
not a mere electioneering trick, but it made a
deep and a disagreeable impression upon the
minds of a great many people.
Such an impression is particularly unfortu-
nate at this time. We know, as the public
knows, that no duty is more peremptorily in-
cumbent on us now than the duty of frugality
and retrenchment, and retrenchment, like
oharity, begins at home. As long as we leave
an appearance, lioweverunreal itmay be, which
can be prostituted to partisan uses and carried
so far as to -really leave the impression in the
country, however false it may be, that the
small business of loose and unnecessary man-
agement of even a thing so small as stationery
is practiced here, so long we deprive of a force
which is most useful whatever we may say and
do in this all-important direction. Therefore
I say that it is important not only that we
should be but that we should seem to be pre-
cisely right on this subject; and fifty dollars
for newspapers and seventy-five dollars for
stationery is all that is needed by any member
of this body. No matter whether it is or not
it seems to me we ought to have a definite sum
fixed. If it turns out to be a little too small
no matter. It seems to me we cannot do it
too soon, and that, small as the matter may
be, we cannot select a more important one as
the initial point of retrenchment. Let us show
that our skirts are clean on this subject, and
that although these statements are false and
have been exaggerated we take sufficient notice
of them to see that we institute a reform as
far as reform is necessary, and at the same
time we put it out of the power of anybody by
torturing and misrepresenting the possibilities
that we may leave of helping ourselves to do
harm in the country. Therefore, I concurred
as a member of the committee in reporting
this provision as it comes from the House, and
although it may interfere with what has been
the custom, and although it may necessitate the
adaptation of our system to it, nevertheless it
is putting down our foot now to the point that
no member of either House shall receive sta-
tionery or anything under the name of station-
ery going in value beyond a certain amount.
It is a good beginning at least, and if it does
not cover the whole ground, let us follow it up
and by what we shall do hereafter cover in fact
as well as in form the whole ground.
Mr. WILSON. I am satisfied, the more I
reflect upon it, that the first view I had of the
effect of this amendment is correct. I think
this provision that $125 may be received in
money ought to be stricken out. I am clearly
of the opinion that the members ought not to
receive any money either for newspapers or
for stationery. If we are to have $125 allowed
for newspapers and stationery let that much
value be received in newspapers and station-
ery, but not any part of it be received in money.
I think I know what the effect will be. It
will grow up insensibly, for we are men like
other men, and we all have our weaknesses
and our faults ; but the effect will be that wo
shall draw the $125 in money and we shall pay
for the newspapers, unless the newspapers are
sent to us, as they sometimes are, by the pub-
lishers for nothing; and when we are sitting
here in our seats in the Senate or in commit-
tee-rooms there will be paper furnished to ua
by the Government, and the most natural
thing in the world will be that most of tho
paper we use we shall get here in some form
or other. The consequence will be that in a
few years it will amount to an addition of $125
to the pay of members, and the Government
will not save anything by it.
I do not mean in making this statement to
utter any reproaches against myself or anybody
else. I am as great a sinner as^ other men
perhaps. But I believe this provision ought
not to be in the proviso, and that it will not
promote economy. I believe that the allow-
ance of $125 is ample for these purposes. I
am sure that during the years I have been
here in newspapers and in the stationery that
it was necessary for me to have I have not
taken more than the amouht of $125 in the
aggregate, and I do not believe it will average
more than that in this body. There is a great
deal furnished by the stationery-room that is
of no earthly account to anybody; a great
many costly things. What we want is simply
good paper and envelopes and pens and ink.
The whole thing is plain and simple ; it is not
