is m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
268f
the War Department and placed in the Interior
Department. I should state that before that
time the lease had been extended. Since that
time a bill has passed this House authorizing
the sale of this reservation; and the coal com-
pany now asks to have a priority in the pur-
chase at such a price as the commander of the
department, the chief commissary, and chief
quartermaster shall fix, and that the lease,
which has been extended, shall be confirmed.
The company have spent upon their improve-
ments about forty thousand dollars. The com-
pany claim that they have expended over fifty
thousand dollars; and it appears from the
statement of the chief quartermaster of the
department that they have certainly spent
about forty thousand dollars. It is believed
that the operations of this company will be a
great advantage to the Government.
Mr. ROSS. Why could not the land be sold
subject to the lease? Are not these officers
who are to make the appraisement interested
in the mining operations?
Mr. DODGE. I should think not, from
what I know of the officers.
Mr. ROSS. It seems to me the property
ought to be put up at public sale, subject to the
lease.
Mr. DODGE. If it were sold to other par-
ties subject to the lease, it would be a wrong
to these parties who have spent $40,000 upon
their improvements, which would then go to
the benefit of others.
Mr. ItOSS. Other parties could not take
advantage of those improvements until the
lease had expired. The lease is all the Gov-
ernment has ever contracted to give this com-
pany.
Mr. DODGE. This lease was first extended
by the War Department. Afterward it was
found that the authority to lease had been taken
away from the War Department and given to
the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. IIOSS. But I understand that the lease
has been extended by the Secretary of the In-
terior.
Mr. DODGE. Not at all; it was extended
by the Secretary of War.
Mr. ROSS. Then let the lease be extended
according to the original contract.
Mr. DODGE. The bill does that.
Mr. ROSS. It proposes to sell the land to
the company.
Mr. DODGE. It proposes that these parties
shall come in and buy the laud at a price to be
fixed by the commander of the department,
the chief commissary, and the chief quarter-
master.
Mr. ROSS. I think that that is unfair toward
the Government.
Mr. COBB. I wish to ask when it was dis-
covered that this leasing of Government reser-
vations was taken from the War Department
and vested in the Department of the Interior,
and why these men did not apply to the De-
partment of the Interior? Does ho not think
that Thomas Ewing, jr. had influence enough
to get the power confirmed?
Mr. DODGE. They are not the lessees now.
They had the oiiginal lease, but turned it over
to another company.
Mr. COBB. They sold out?
Mr. DODGE. Yes, sir: they sold out.
Mr. LOGAN. I think I know as much
about this matter as the committee. T believe
"I am tolerably conversant with it, and I will
explain it in a few words. There was a law
taking away the right of the War Department
to lease lands of this character, and putting it
in the hands of another Department of this
Government. Thomas Ewing aud others,
leased from the War Department, and at the
time it had not the right t.o grant a lease under
the law. They sold out to the Leavenworth
Coal Company. One of the gentlemen who
belongs to that company resides in Cincinnati.
I know him well. He bears my own name—■
Dr. Charles Logan. Tliey purchased from
Thomas Ewing & Co., innocent at the time, so
far as any knowledge was concerned of the
right of the Department to lease these lands.
Some time during this session, when they had
sunk shafts, it was referred to Thomas Logan,
the attorney of the company, to examine the
lease and give his opinion ; aud his opinion
was that the Secretary of War had no right to
lease this land. He was of the opinion that
they had no right or title to the land by virtue
of that lease. They then came here. A bill
was introduced by the gentleman from Missouri
providing for the sale of this land. The bill
passed. The attorney of the company came
here and placed his case before the committee,
asking them to report a bill to protect the
rights of the Leavenworth Coal Company.
They had no rights at all after having expended
their money upon the land, and he asked that
they should be protected. Thisprovides, inas-
much as the land is to be sold under the bill
wo have already passed, that, when the land is
appraised, they shall have the right, after hav-
ing spent §40,000 on it, to take the land in
preference to anybody else. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Who is to
make the appraisement?
Mr. GARFIELD. General Sheridan, the
commander of the department, General Eas-
ton, the chief quartermaster, and the chief
commissary of the department. If the gen-
tleman can suggest any who are better I shall
be glad to accept them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does
not refer to General Sheridan or General
Easton by name. I have the greatest respect
for them. But they may not be there when
this appraisement takes place. Both General
Sheridan and General Easton, are excellent
men, in whom I have the greatest confidence.
Mr. GARFIELD. The committee selected
those officers and named them in the bill by
their rank.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They may
not be there when the appraisement is made,
and those there, who take their places, will
make the appraisement. I do not know but
this is just and right, but the names of the
parties who are to be the appraisers should
be put in the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman will
suggest any other officers I am willing to put
them in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will pre-
pare an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman will pre-
pare an amendment to throw any further guard
around this bill 1 am prepared to accept it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will sug-
gest the judges of the United States district
court for the States of Kansas, Missouri, aud
Illinois.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not think wo can
devolve such duties upon them without their
consent.
Mr. PAINE. We can if we can devolve them
upon military officers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will let the amend-
ment be offered, and then demand the previous
question.
Mr. PAINE. If that be voted down will it
then be in order to recommit this bill?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was first on the amendment of
Mr. Wasiiiht.xe, of Illinois, to strike out all
after the word "sum," at the end of the first
section, aud insert the words "fixed by the
United States district judges of the State of
Kansas, the eastern district of Missouri, and
the northern district of Illinois."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to modify by adding to the foregoing the words,
"whose reasonable expenses shall be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated." It imposes an important duty
upon these judges, which we all know they
discharge faithfully, and let us pay them their
necessaiy expenses.
No objection was made to the modification,
and the amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time : and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being put on the passage of the
bill,' there were—ayes 37, noes 23; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered.
The Chair appointed Messrs. Do'dqb and
Ross.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—-ayes 58, noes 38.
So the bill was passed. 0
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment until monday.
Mr. CARY. I rise to a privileged motion.
As to-morrow has been set apart for the pur-
pose of visiting the graves of our fallen heroes,
and strewing them with flowers, I move that
when this House adjourn to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday, so as.to enable members to
participate in the interesting exercises at Ar-
lington.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the House will
allow me to make a statement.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none. •
Mr. SCHENCK. I am exceedingly desirous
of taking up the internal tax bill to-morrow.
We had an understanding that we should go
into Committee of the Whole and get the In-
dian appropriation bill out of the way this
afternoon for that purpose. Now, I think I
have as much respect for the memory of the
soldiers as my colleague, and I know he will
not underrate it. I am perfectly willing that
gentlemen who prefer to attend that ceremony,
interesting as it will be, and glad as we all
should be to be present rather than to listen to a
very long, but as full and clear an explanation
as I can make of the tax bill, with a view of
getting the business of the country done, should
be permitted to go without an adjournment.
But 1 hope the House will not adjourn for any
object whatever, but remain and attend to its
own proper business. The best thing that these
soldiers would claim at our hands, if they
could look down upon us, as I suppose they
do, would be to discharge our duties to the
living.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to move
a substitute for this motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not subject to amend-
ment. If the gentleman's proposition relates
to the subject he must ask unanimous consent
to offer it.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unani-
mous consent.
Mr. PILE. I object.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Let it be read.
Mr. PILE. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cart] will with-
draw his motion till we get through the Indian
appropriation bill. Perhaps then we will all
be in a condition to vote for his motion.
Mr. CARY. It seems to me it is perfectly
proper we should decide now whether we will
adjourn till Monday or not. I do not claim
any more devotion to the fallen heroes than
others; certainly not more than the living hero
who has just spoken, [Mr. Schexck.;] but I
desire that the House of Representatives
should set an example of 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and Mr.
PILE objected to debate.
The question being put on agreeing to the
motion, there were—ayes 41, noes 57.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 58, not voting
78; as follows:
TEAS-—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Baksr, Baldwin,
Barnes, Btn.ii, Bromwell. € ry. Sidney Clarke. Cor-
nel 1, Dodge, Donnelly,Mtesfsj EIa,iaraswqrth,(?etz,
Glossbrenner. Golladay.I&HC&t, -Uill, Hopkins, Chea-
ter B. Hubbard, Hanfcer, Instetsoll, Jones, Ker^,
Knott. William Lawrence, Lincqln,_>Qaii,
