274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
a very costly matter at any rate. I believe
$125 to be ample, but I do not think we ought
to retain the provision that we may take it in
money. I do not think it will be a safe one.
Mr. MORRJLL, of Vermont. There is not
the slightest difficulty in making this law ap-
plicable to this year as the accounts are now
kept, as I understand it. I believe there is a
regular account kept with each Senator show-
Jug precisely the amount that he has taken, not
only the present year, but in all past years.
Therefore, if the proviso should be retained,
there will be no difficulty on the part of the
accounting officers in arriving at the amount
that has been received or shall be received by
each Senator.
I suppose that the complaint which has
arisen on this subject has arisen from the fact
that pages and other parties have come to Sen-
ators and asked them for an order for station-
ery or for cutlery, and in their good nature
they have often granted those orders to the
pages and other parties. I know I have been
importuned for such orders, although I have
never given them.
In relation to the suggestion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, I think he is mistaken in
objecting to this clause in relation to receiving
this allowance "in money or its value." If
this provision should be adopted Senators will
still get their stationery from the same source,
and it will be charged to them. It will not
necessarily follow that they have got to be paid
in money. The provision does not prescribe
that. I know in relation to newspapers that
I do not take one half nor near one half
through the office of the Secretary. I sub-
scribe and pay for them myself, and keep ray
own account, thinking that the better mode.
I hope that the proviso, although it is not a
very carefully-drawn one as it comes to us
from the House, will be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose I must have
misunderstood this provision in the bill, for
when I read it I never thought it was intended
by the House as a rebuke to the Senate ; I
thought the purpose of it was to correct the
House's own abuse. I have understood that
at the July session the House voted to each
member stationery and newspapers as if it
were an original session. I suppose, under the
general law, they drew their stationery and
newspaper money at the commencement of
that session on the 4th of March. Then I
understood that at the July session a resolution
was passed giving them the same amount, and
perhaps that would apply to the November ses-
sion. Then, in the course of eight months, if
that were so, members of the House would
draw a good deal of money; and I thought
when I read this proviso that it was to prevent
that sort of abuse in the future. I hope that
was the intention of the House. I did not
suppose the House was legislating in regard to
the Senate upon the statements that were seen
in the newspapers of the country. I am not
choice either way myself at all. I am willing
to vote for the proposition as it comes from the
House or to postpone it until the matter shall
be corrected, perhaps in some better way, as
suggested by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
But I wish to disclaim an understanding on my
part to be criticised by the action of the House
in this respect. I think they wanted to correct
their own abuses.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not seen any of the
notices which the newspapers have taken of
this subject to which gentlemen have referred ;
but if I had seen them they would not have in-
fluenced my action in regard to the matter. I
shall vote and act now as though the newspa-
pers had never contained a line on this subject.
I think myself that $>125 js a sufficient aggre-
gate sum per annum for stationery and the cost
of newspapers for each member of the Senate.
With that amount I should be perfectly con-
tent. But it has been my habit for the last
two or three years to draw the money and pay
for my own newspapers, and I prefer that
mode. I take a good many newspapers ; the
bills are sent to me; and when they are sent
to me the men who send the bills expect me
to send the money, and I prefer to go to the
clerk who manages this newspaper account,
receive the money, and pay my own bills, and
settle the accounts with the newspapers. But
if the Senate choose to adopt another mode of
praptice in relation to that matter I have no
manner of objection to it.
I am glad to see this mood of economy and
retrenchment come over the Senate. It is a
favorable omen, I hope, and I trust it will
result in fruition, and fruition of some magni-
tude and interest to the country and to the
easement of the Treasury. Atthepropertime,
if no other member of the Senate makes the
motion, I intend to move that the standing
Army be reduced to twenty thousand men. and
that the Freedmen's Bureau be swept out of
existence. I shall propose economy to that
extent by sweeping the Freedmen's Bureau,
that enormous source of expenditure, out of
existence, and reducing the Army of the Uni-
ted States from its present number—I believe
fifty thousand—to twenty thousand. When the
Senate get into a mood of economy that will
bring them to that amount of retrenchment
they will do something in that direction and
will receive the thanks of the people.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, it is proba-
ble that abuses have crept into this matter of
stationery distribution, but they are doubtless
very much exaggerated. It would be well,
however, that the Senate should not content
itself with a simple pruning of the mischief.
Let us cut it out by the roots and refuse from
this day forth to receive either stationery
or newspapers at the public expense. The
average amount that Senators receive is but
fifty dollars per annum. Let us contribute this
sum each for himself and relieve the Senate
and Senators from thes^ groundless imputa-
tions. I therefore move to amend the propo-
sition before the Senate so as to provide that
hereafter no member of either House of Con-
gress shall receive anything either for news-
papers or stationery.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment is not in order at present.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I give notice that
when it is in order I shall offer it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bcckalew.]
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in lines twenty-two and twenty-three of
the proviso to strike out the words " either
House of Congress" and to insert '• the House
of Representatives;" so that the proviso will
read:
Provided, That hereafter no member of the House
of Representatives shall be allowed or paid f'ornews-
papers and stationery for any one year a larger sum
than $125 in money or its value, and no further
allowance for stationery and newspapers shaH be
made to any memberof the House of Representatives
for the year ending on the 3d day of March, 1868,
than that already ordered by the House.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RAMSEY. If it is now in order I offer
the amendment that I suggested a moment ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio offered an amendment which is
first in order.
Mr. SHERMAM. If the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota, for which I am will-
ing to vote, should be adopted, it will dispense
with mine, and therefore I am willing to with-
draw it for the present. If his amendment be
not adopted I will renew it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion then is on the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the proviso after the
word "stationery" in the twenty-fourth line;
so that the proviso would read:
Provided. That hereafter no member of either
House of Congress shall bo allowed or paid for news-
papers and stationery.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I hope that amendment
will be adopted, and I want, in one moment,
to state the chief reason why I hope it will be.
The allegation is, that requisitions are made
by committees for stationery ; that stationery
enough is furnished to committees to enable
every member of the committee, if he chooses,
to write his letters upon that stationery and do
his business with it; and that theu. beyond lhat,
there is a draft in money, if he is allowed to
receive it in money, but if not in money, then
in various fancy articles of the amount allowed
for stationery. The only way to cut up that
abuse root and branch is proposed now by
the Senator from Minnesota. If we say, in
round terms, that no member in any way
whatever shall receive, either for newspapers
or stationery, anything, then the committees
will be left to make their requisitions for such
stationery as the committees need in commit-
tee business, whatever that may imply, and
beyond that no member of either House will
have any stationery, and every member will be
compelled at an expense of twenty five or fifty
dollars a year, whatever it may be, to provide
himself with the materials of writing his let-
ters ; and, for one, I think that is the way it
should be.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I beg to suggest that
the result will be that members will be sup-
plied with stationery as usual through the
committees. That is about all you will get
as the practical result of this proposition.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Even then you will save
a large amount-, 1 submit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what
the experience of my friend from New York
has been in the House in reference to that
matter, but it strikes me that if it is left in
that condition without making some further
provision there will be a very large leak in
stealing from the committee-rooms, because
this whole thing goes on the'ground that Sen-
ators are stealing, that they are committing
petit larceny, gouging sheets of paper and
quills, and all that sort of thing; and it seems
to be taken for granted that it is necessary
that we should pass some law to convince the
country we are not doing that kind of thing.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to inquire of
the Senator if adopting this amendment does
not cut off any supply of stationery upon our
d6sks
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course we cannot
have it here on our desks unless we pay for it
and have it sent here.
Mr. CORBETT. Or bring it here our-
selves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely; but any
quantity may be furnished to committee-rooms
that may be ordered, according to the con-
science of the chairman or the committee
itself. Is it best to do that? Why should not
stationery be furnished ? The letters we write
here are on public business. The use we have
for stationery is for doing the public business.
We come here for that purpose. I never heard
yet of a legislative body anywhere in any
State of the Union that did not conceive that
while it was engaged in legislative business—
conducting correspondence, writing bills, writ-
ing resolutions, and all these things on public
matters—stationery should befurnished. Now
this idea comes to cut the whole off and only
send it to the committee-rooms. Why there?
Why in the committee-rooms? Why have it
there? In the other House—and that illus-
trates the reason of the remark I made to the
Senator in the beginning, that I do not know
what his experience has been in the House—I
understand large quantities are sent to the
committee-rooms to supply members, and to
some committee-rooms more and some less,
according as they may have necessity for it.
Here we send it to the committee-rooms, but
we do not supply ourselves.
My idea is that all this thing is a mere parti-
san story. It has troubled gentlemen in differ-
ent sections because something was made out
of it. Something will be made out of nothing
