15B
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. BroomaU.
40th Gong. ... 2d Sess.
charged is that of taking upon himself, without
the consent of the Senate, which, by the Con-
stitution, is made a coordinate power with him
in the matter, to remove the Secretary of War
and to appoint another person in his place.
This act is made a high misdemeanor by. thfe
law of March 2,1867, thesixtlx section of which
is as follows:
" That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment made, had, or exorcised contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, and the making, Signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuing of any commission or letter
of authority for or in xespect to any such appoint-
mentor employment,shall be doemed, and are hereby
declared to bo, high misdemeanors, and upon trial
and conviction thereof every person'guilty thereof
shall be punished by a fine not exceeding $10,000, or
by imprisonment not exceeding fivo years, or both
said punishments, in the discretion of tho court:
Provided, -That the President shall havo power to
make out and deliver, after th« adjournment of the
Senatef commission? for all officers whose appoint-
ment snail havo been advised and consented to by
the Senate/'
The question for us to decide is, whether or
not there is sufficient ground to bringthe Presi-
dent before the tribunal appointed by the Con-
stitution to try him and to arraigu him at the
bar of that tribunal for this offense. Is hfe
prima facie guilty ot not guilty?
Now, I am not of the opinion that this last
act of the President is the greatest one of his
enormities. On the contrary, I am inclined to
think that in its consequences it is among the
smallest, a mere foiled attempt at dictatorship.
But it is the crowning act. It is the apex of
the great pyramid of his iniquities—the act
which has driven the American Congress, re-
luctantly and against its predetermination, to a
point where forbearance not only ceases to be
a virtue but becomes a positive crime.
Fortunately, Mr. Speaker, there is no dis-
pute about the facts of this case.' All parties
admit the acts which are charged against the
President to have been committed. The evi-
dence is over his own signature, neither denied
nor proposed to be brought in controversy on
this floor. The only question raised here is,
whethfcr by the cotnmission of those acts h'e
has brought himself within the operations of
this penal statute ? The reading of that statute
would seem to bringhis case clearly and plainly
within it; and but for the ingenuity of astute
lawyers who have undertaken to do what they
are always ready to do—to invent legal quibbles
for the protection of great criminals who can
pay—but for this there could not bo uttered'
on this floor one word in his defense. It is
contended that the President had the right to
commit the acts charged. Let us look at that
question. The Constitution, in article two,
section two, provides:
"That tho President shall nominate, and by and
with the adviee and consent of tho Senate shall ap-
point, embassadors, other public ministers and con-
suls, judges of the Supremo Court, and all other offi-
cers ot the Unitod States whoso appointments are
not herein otherwise provided for and which shall be
established by law.".
The office of Secretary of War is one of those
not provided for in the Constitution, but to be
established by law. Accordingly Congress, on
August ?, 1789, created the office and defined
the duties of the officer. The provision of the
Constitution which I have quoted contains all
that is said on the subject of appointing this
class of officers. It will be seen that nothing is
said in the Constitution aboutthe term of office,
nor, except by the process of impeachment,
about the power of removal. These were very
properly left to be regulated-and fixed by legis-
lation. The power of appointment being com-
plete in the organic law, it is clear that Con-
gress can neither abridge nor enlarge it. But
it is otherwise with the term of office and the
power of removal. By the eighth section, first"
article of the Constitution, Congress is empow-
ered—
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of tho United States or in any department or
officer thereof."
Under this no one can question the right of
Congress to limit the term and provide for the
removal of any officer where the same is not
already done by the Constitution itself. Until
the act. of March 2, 1867, Congress-had never
exercised this power with respeet to this class
of officers. Before that time the whole subject
was suffered to remain where the Constitution
itself left it. .
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman, is mistaken. Congress has
legislated on this subject before; ana I desire
to refer the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
several enactments on the subject.
The act of February 25, 1803, creates the
office of Comptroller of the Currency, and pro-
vides that—
"IIo shall be appointed by tho President on the
nomination of tho Secietary of the Treasury, by and
with tho advico and consent of tho Senate, and shall
hold his office for tho term of five year?, unless sooner
removed by the President by and with the advieoand
consent of the Senate."
A similar provision is carried into the act
of Juno 3, 1864.
The act of July 18, 1806, says:
"And no officer in tho military or naval service
shall, in time of peacc, bo dismissed from service, ex-
cept upon apd in pursuance of thcecnteneo of a court-
martial to that effect or in commutation therefor."—
Section 5, Session Laws, 92.
This was approved by President Johnson.
Mf. BKOOMALL. 1 thank tho gentleman
from Ohio for the interruption, because it fur-
nishes mo with an argument. He has, how-
ever, to some extent misunderstood my remarks.
I have been speaking of a certain class of
officers, to wit: the heads of Departments. Tho
power to limit the term of officers appointed
by the President has, as the gentleman says,
been repeatedly exercised by Congress, and it
is significant that even President Johnson,
whose friends now deny the power, actually
approved the bill last cited by the gentleman,
thereby closing his mouth upon the power of
Congress to fix the term of an officer appointed
by him.
I repeat my remarks had reference to the
class of offices embracing that of Secretary
of War; and of these 1 again affirm that the
term was never fixed by legislation until the
act of March 2, 18G7. 1 pass over the consti-
tutional provision authorizing the President
to fill vacancies during the recess of the Sen-
ate and the several acts of Congress provid-
ing for filling vacancies caused by death, resig-
nation, or absence, as having no bearing npon
the question. The act complained of was
committed in the presence of the Senate, and
there was no vacancy except what the Presi-
dent made of his own wrong.
It is said the power of removal is necessarily
incident to the power of appointment. This
proposition does not seem to me to be very
clear. Itbiukitisnotgenerally comprehended.
How is the power of lemoval incident to the
power of appointment? There is no necessary
conncction between the two powers. It is in-
cident to the appointing power in this way: the
power of the President to nominate officers for
confirmation by the Senate is a continuous
power. It exists at all times, so that the Pres-
ident may, while an officer is in, nominate his
successor, and when that.snccessor is confirmed
it operates as a supersedeas npon the incum-
bent and finishes his term by indirection. It
is in that way the power of removal is incident
to the power of appointment, but in no other.
The power of removal provided in the Con-
stitution therefore requires the concurrent ac-
tion of the President and Senate, and such
has been the practice under this Government
from the time of the adoption of the Consti-
tution up to the present time, as far as I know.
Until now, I believe, no President, even the
most grasping after unlimited power, has ven-
tured to remove an officer appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,'
during the session of that body, without its
consent. Everybody knows that the universal
practice during the session of the Senate is to
terminate the term of office of an incumbent
by appointing and having confirmed his suc-
cessor. -
It was not with'out reason that this daring
act, committed by a man who openly boasted
a short time since that he could seize the Army
and Navy and set himself up dictator if he
chdse ; it was not without reason that this dar-
ing stride in that direction should have alarmed
the people and their Representatives.
But it is said that there is something in the
second section of the act of August 7, 1789,
which empowers the President alone to remove
these officers. Let us look at that question.
The only section of that act which touches the
power of removal is the second section, which
creates the chief clerk of the War Department
and defines his duties. Amongthemthereisthat
of having charge of the public records of the
War Department whenever the chief office shall
be vacant, from any cause whatever, or when-
ever the principal officer shall be removed from
office by the President. Now, 1 say that with
the exception of that passage there is not in
the entire legislation of Congress, from the
adoption of the Constitution to the act of March
7, 1867, one single word in any single act that
touches the question of the removal of the Sec-
retary of War. I therefore quote the entire
section:
" Thero shall bein the said Department an inferior
officcr, to be appointed bysaid principal officer to bo
employed therein as he shall deem proper, find to be
called the chief clerk in the Department of War: and
who, whenever the said principal officer shall be
removed from office by the President of tho United
States, or in any other ease of vacancy, shall, during
such vacancy, havo tho charge and custody of all
records, books, and papers appertaining to the said
Department."
Now, by the wording of this act, it would
appear that the framers recognized the possi-
bility of the Secretary of War being removed
by the President. They did not expressly
confer upon him the power. They seemed
rather to speak of such a possible power than
to confer it. If the power did not exist those
words would not grant it. The most that can
be claimed for them is that the framers thought
sucli power existed then, or might at some
future time be granted.
Now, if the power of which the act speaks
was a power then existing, it must have been
that power in the Constitution incident to the
power of appointment, which could only be
exercised with the consent of the Senate, be-
cause certainly no other power then existed.
If it was a power to be created afterward, then
the allusion to it was notitself agrantof power.
This hypothesis is a very probable one, because,
in the creation of the office of chief clerk, the
future was to be looked to. All duties which
future legislation might give rise to, as far as
they could be foreseen, might well be provided
for, and who could say that the power of re-
moval might not at some time be conferred on
the President alone? In either or any point
of view this statute cannot be construed by the
most ingenious reasoning as conferring on the
President alone any power of removal what-
ever.
But let us look at the absurdity into whieh
tho opposite argument would lead" us. It the
President has power to remove, then bv the act
of 1^95 and the act ot 1863 lie has tho power
to defeat the constitutional provision altogether
and take the entire government of the country
in his own hands in defiance of the Senate.
Because by those acts he may fill vacancies for
six months, and it ho can create them at will
he may fill tliein at successive intervals of six
months during his entire term.
l>ut, sir, grant the absurdity, if it is possible,
and then comes the act of March 2, 1SG7, the
first section of which is as follows:
Tha t every person holding any civil office to wfiieh
he has been appointed by and with tho advice and
consent ot the Simile, and every person who shall
Ist'ieaiter be appointed to any such office and shall
ooeome duly uuaiitied to act therein, i«, and shall bo
entitled to hold such oilioe until asueeossor shall hav^s
