1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
mental article. The presumptions are that the
committee have exhausted the subjects upon
which impeachment may be founded, and that
the managers have devised the best method
of presenting the great case they have in charge.
It is therefore with diffidence that I ask the
attention of the House for a brief explanation
of the proposition now before it. They can
feel assured that the new article is not offered
for any sensational purpose or in any spirit of
antagonism to either the committee or the
managers. It is the result of careful examina-
tion and deliberate reflection upon the causes for
this prosecution, and it is the attempt to state,
in clear, legal phraseology, the great crime for
which the culprit is actually to be tried, and
for which if found guilty he should be ejected
from his high office. We should not for a
moment forget that we are to prefer a great
accusation against a person holding the highest
official position in this Government, before the
most exalted tribunal for the trial of offenses
ever constituted in any nation. It becomes
us, therefore, to set forth in exact terms the
offense for which we ask conviction, and to
give such notice of the nature of the evidence
to be offered as the rules of criminal pleading
require.
ft has become painfully evident to every one
who has "watched the conduct of the person
now exercising the powers and duties of Pres-
ident of the United States, since his accession
to his high office, that he had ideas concerning
those powers and duties peculiar to himself.
It was first exhibited in his proclamations for
the establishment of civil governments in the
rebel States, wherein he arrogated to himself all
the powers which the Constitution had vested
in the legislative as well as in the executive
department, and assumed to speak and act in
the name of the United States for the purpose
of guaranteeing republican forms of government
without warrant of law. It next appeared in
the message in which he announced the results
of his experiments to Congress, although still
couched in respectful and temperate phrase.
It burst forth in volcanic eruption in his 22d
of February speech. It pervaded his conver-
sation, declarations, correspondence, and mes-
sages during the spring and summer of 1866.
It again flamed up in the arrogant, vituperant,
and seditious declamation of the 18th of August,
18C6, a part of which has been incorporated
into an article ofimpeachrnent already adopted.
It gushed out in lava-flood in the coarse, reck-
less, defiant, and intemperate harangues which
astonished the crowds at each stage in the pil-
grimage which has derived its name from his
favorite phraseof " swinging round the circle."
The pernicious effects of these ideas were felt
in the opposition which he caused to be made
to the fourteenth constitutional amendment,
and in the temporary defeat of reconstruction
upon that just and equitable basis. But, since
the passage of the reconstruction acts, the strife
has become one of direct antagonism, and it
has been only a question of time and occasion
when the first act of open hostility should com-
mence.
These ideas, peculiar to this President, are,
that by the Constitution he is clothed with a
power and discretion above and beyond the
laws, and especially that, as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army, he is not bound by the laws
of Congress for the government and use of the
Army. They have been expressed daily in con-
versation; they form the theme of much of his
correspondence and they are put forth in his
messages even, when he yields a qualified and
protesting obedience to those laws. It is no
secret that he attempted, with the whole weight,
of the presidential influence, to defeat the adop-
tion of the constitutional amendment, and
that he did not desire t]ie success of the recon-
struction acts. It is By his inspiration that to-
day, the people of the South are divided against
each other in almost hostile array. It is by
the exercise of his powers as Commander-in-
Chief, by the displacement of officers, and de-
lay in executing the laws, that peaceful and
harmonious reconstruction is not an accom-
plished fact. And when, notwithstanding his
opposition, it promised to become a success, it
was expected by those w ho have closely watched
his course that the violence and turbulence of
his nature would prompt some act which would
be an open violation of the laws in order to
defeat the will of the legislative power. His
vetoes, the outcry of his partisans thereupon
at the pretended unconstitutionality of these
laws, the cavils at their details, the slow uncer-
tainty of his professed attempts at their exe-
cution, the prosecutions in the courts, encour-
aged by his Attorney General, wherein the vi-
tality of these laws has been called in ques-
tion, were only the cloud under which the blow
was to be struck. The suspension of the faith-
ful Secretary of War, the attempt to compro-
mise the General of the Army while Secretary
ad interim, the tampering with other officers,
were all parts of his cunning scheme. In order
to overthrow the reconstruction laws it was
necessary to turn the Army from being the
instrument for their execution to being the
instrument for their obstruction.
The Senate stood in his way and prevented
the removal of the Secretary; then the faithful
Secretary of War again stood in his way; the
great soldier at the head of the Army stood in
his way; the acts of Congress for the govern-
ment of the Army and of all its officers, from
the Commander-in-Chief to the lowest subal-
tern, stood in- his way. He declares that by
the Constitution lie is superior to all these;
but in order to make the attempt to overcome
them he must have a tool, and lie found one
in the long-discarded Adjutant General of the
Army. 15ut he could not act through him
without acting himself. Hcnce the attempts
of the 21st of February. That these are fla-
grant violations of law no one has attempted
to deny. That the violation of law is to be
found not only in the writing, signing, and
delivering of these orders, but in the attempt of
Johnson and Thomas, through Thomas, to get
possession of the War Office and of its prop-
erty, prestige, and power, by force or fraud, is
equally clear. Here are the guilty acts and
the corrupt motives, and behind all, prompt-
ing all, shining through all, is the criminal
intent. The liberties of a people are in dan-
ger when their Chief Magistrate lives in the
belief that in any respect lie is above and
beyond the law, but they are directly imperiled
when he not only believes, but acts upon the
belief, that he can control the military power
in a manner not warranted by law. The lib-
erties of a people cannot be destroyed except
by force; its laws are nullities when the Ex-
ecutive lays down the sword; but when he
takes it up contrary to any one law his con-
duct is subversive of all laws. And it is vain
to try to hide this criminal intent under the
cry that the law thus broken is unconstitu-
tional. Who made the Executive Officer the
judge of the constitutionality of laws? He has
but one opportunity to exercise a judgment on
that subject, and that is when he is called upon
for his approval. When the will of the^ legis-
lative power becomes law, notwithstanding his
veto, his functions are purely executive. The
monstrous heresy that "in the first instance
the President must determine what laws he is
bound to execute," is of recent origin. If lie
fears the personal consequences of executing
them he can relieve himself from liability by
resigning. If he has a right to stay the execu-
tion of any one law in his discretion or upon
his judgment, he may of all laws, and may
substitute his will for the law.
And it is equally vain to say that these acts
in violation of law were solely for the purpose
of testing the constitutionality of a law in the
courts. There are thousands of officers against
any one of whom cases might have been made
if this were the only purpose. Then why try it
upon the head of the War Department instead
of upon a collector at Passamaquoddy ? Why,
except that it was to gain control of that De-
partment, and through a new and pliant chief
to turn the sword which now has its edge to-
ward rebels and traitors, so that it may stand
against those loyal men who are striving to
reorganize their States and bring them back
into the Union under the laws of Congress?
It is in this view of the prosecution that this
article is drawn. It charges not only the vio-
lation of positive statutes, but the criminal
intent of that violation. The evidence of this
intent exists in authentic documents, and these
documents can be verified by a lew officers
of Congress, and at the headquarters of the
Army. The existence of that criminal intent
has been, from this easily accessible evidence,
proved to the satisfaction of one of the most
competent of judges. When the General of
the Army wrote to the President that—
"From our conversations, and my written protest
of August 1,1867, against the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton, you must have known tliat my greatest objection
to his removal or suspension was the fear that somo
one would be appointed in his stead who would, by
opposition to the laws relating to the restoration of
the southern States to their proper relations to tho
Government, ombarrass tho Army in tho perform-
ance of duties especially imposed upon it by these
laws; and it was to prevent such an appointment
that X accepted the ofiice of Secretary of War ad
interim, and not, for tho purpose of enabling you to
get rid of Mr. Stanton by my withholding it from
him, in opposition to law, or, not doing so myself, sur-
rendering it to one who would, as the statement and
assumption in your communication plainly indicate
was sought:"
And when, in the same letter, he further
says: *
"And now, Mr. President, when my honor as a
soldier and integrity as a man have been so violently
assailed, pardon me for saying that I can but regard
this whole matter, from the beginning to the end, as
an attempt to involve me in the resistance of law,
for which, you hesitated to assume the responsibility
m orders, and thus to destroy my character befo.ro
the country. X am in a measure confirmed in tiiis
conclusion by your recent orders directing me to dis-
obey orders from tho Secretary of War—my superior
and your subordinate—without having counter-
manded his authority to issue the orders I am to
disobey"—
he shows his conviction of the existence of this
criminal intent. It was only a question of time
when the hesitation to assume this responsi-
bility would cease and the method that had
hitherto directed this madness would take a
more positive form. And, Mr. Speaker, the
evidence that has satisfied General Grant of
the existence of that criminal intent satisfies
me, and, when properly presented, should
satisfy the conscience of every Senator. We
must not expect a verdict upon merely political
grounds. We cannot justify our inquest^ on
such grounds. We must charge the criminal
intent, and allege what we mean to prove,
and prove what we allege. To secure a con-
viction the lack of proof cannot be eked out,
by partisanship, either in the prosecutors or in
the court.
The great crime for which the President
should be removed from office is precisely that
set forth in this single article, and it is but just
to him and due to tho American people that this
great issue should be presented, heard, and
determined upon its true grounds. _ It savors
of indirection to visit upon a culprit the jiun-
ishment of the highest felony under an arraign-
ment.for a mere misdemeanor, and itisnot just
to the American people to place an offender
guilty of a great crime against their liberties
upon trial for a mere assault when we know he
is guilty of a felonious attempt to kill and mur-
der. Let the offense be charged in its enormity,
be proved as it is charged, and the consent of
mankind will sanction, and history will forever
sustain, the verdict that must be rendered and
the sentence that must be pronounced upon
such proof.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Mr. JENCKES. How long does the gentle-
man want?
Mr. HIGBY. Ten minutes.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield to the gentleman
from California.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I wish that the
managers would consent, without further de-
bate, that this article might be incorporated
with the others which are to bo presented at
the bar of the Senate of the United Slates.
While I have great faith in their ability to get
up articles of impeachment, I do not fully hold
