1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3707
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to close debate on the pending amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow
mo to say a word ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
withdraw the motion.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I merely
rise to inquire of my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Garfiei.d] whether his latter speech was not
the tail end cut off from the bureau of educa-
tion, [laughter ;] and whether he did not in-
tend to have added, after he got the bureau
of education pretty well established, that no
child should read a newspaper or that no
debate in Congress should ever be published so
that it could be read, unless it were in Greek
or Latin? [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say a word.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw it to allow
the gentleman to renew it.
Mr. BLAINE. I renew it. The gentle-
man from Ohio brings up the English practice.
If he wants to bring in a proposition here by
which a few gentlemen who occupy front seats
or who have accidentally or otherwise a more
favorable position, shall have their speeches
reported, while Mr. Smith or Mr. Jones are
never noticed in the reports anywhere at all;
if he wants that kind of a system introduced
I do not think he will find a majority here in
favor of it. But 1 desire to say this—and I
say it after some degree of examination—that
there is no representative assembly in the
world that begins to compare for the accuracy
and value of its reports of its proceedings with
the American Congress. There is no single
thing connected with the American Congress
that stamps responsibility so much as that
everything a man says and every motion ho
makes gues into the permanent record of the
official Globe. I say that if you should aban-
don that you will have removed one of the
strongest possible chains of responsibility con-
necting the Representative with the constitu-
ents, and which is worth three times what it
costs, that every man shall be held to account
for what he says here to-day. to-morrow, and
for the remainder of his public life.
Mr. GARFIELD. The papers will give us
all the reports necessary.
Mr. BLAINE. You have that now. Ifyou
abolish the Congressional Globe, you will get
no more from the Associated Press than you
get now. You will get precisely what you get
now and not a particle more.
Mr. DONNELLY. I desire to offer an
amendment, to come in at the end of the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not now in
order. The question is on the amendment to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio. [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I hope that will be
voted down.
The question was taken on Mr. Garfield's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY. I now move to add to
the amendment of the Senate the following:
And from and after the 4th day of Maich,1869,
ui>L:.-s it be previously otherwise ordered by Con-
m the proceedings and debates of the two Houses
shall ho published daily at the Congressional Print-
lliij Office, the reports thereof being furnished by
rppo^oi's provided by each House tor itself, in such
manner and under such regulations as it may pre-
scribe.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question ol order. I submit that that amend-
ment is not in order. It proposes to change
existing law.
Mr. DONNELLY. The amendment is ger-
mane to the amendment of the Senate. It
provides for the very contingency contemplated
by the Senate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Illinois. The amendment is germane to the
Senate amendment.
Mr. DONNELLY. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senate provides for doing away
with the existing system of publishing the
debates by the proprietors of the Globe. It
furthermore provides that the joint Committee
ou Printing shall invite bids and shall report
a proposition to Congress. It does not, how-
ever, provide for the contingency which very
probably will arise, that Congress, before the
4th of March next, may not have agreed upon
any system of reporting, sofhat when we come
here in the following December, we shall have
dismissed the proprietors of the Globe from
their task and provided no other means for
publishing the debates.
Mr. BLATNE. Allow me to correct the
gentleman. If there is anything done, it will
be done by the Globe.
Mr. DONNELLY. The provision of the
Senate is, that all acts and parts of acts author-
izing the publication of the debates of Con-
gress shall be repealed from and after the 4th
day of March next. And we are told by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] that the
proprietors of the Globe do not desire to con-
tinue to publish these debates.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg pardon ; I did not
say any such thing.
Mr. DONNELLY. Then I misunderstood
the gentleman.
Mr. BLAINE. All I said was that the pro-
prietors of the Globe desired to have this
amendment agreed to by the House. I have
no doubt they do desire to continue to publish
the debates of Congress ; but they are willing
to take their chance, under a new contract, in
competition with all others.
Mr. DONNELLY. That is to say, the Sen-
ate amendment proposes to dismiss^ the pro-
prietors of the Globe, and they desire to be
dismissed.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not say that.
Mr. DONNELLY. What their wishes are
is of no moment to us. We should provide
for any contingency that may arise, .and not
be left at the mercy of the Globe proprietors.
My proposition is that in the event that no
new arrangement is made by Congress the
debates shall be published in the Congressional
Printing Office until otherwise ordered.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose
of closing debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say something
on this proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
move that debate be closed in three minutes ;
and I will give that time to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxard.]
Mr. PHELPS. I desire two or three min-
utes' time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.W ii.son,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee oi the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the special order under consid-
eration, being the amendments of the Senate
to House bill No. 605, making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the OOtli of Jane, 1869, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the fol-
lowing title ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 347) to confirm the title of
Ethan Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke to
certain lands in the State ot Horida, claimed
under a grant from the Spanish Government.
leave of absence.
Mr. SITGREAVES asked and obtained
leave of absence for ten days.
ollder of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House again resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the Senate amend-
ments to the legislative appropriation bill, all
debate upon the pending amendment and all
amendments thereto shall terminate in three
minutes.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division there were—ayes
43, noes 30.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-two in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative beingone fifth of a quorum)
tellers were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Beforethe
tellers are appointed and take their places I
desire to suggest that we can probably get
through these amendments in ten minutes
more. Then I shall ask that the House meet
at eleven o'clock to-morrow, in order to take
up the deficiency bill, so that if we can possi-
bly get through it we need have no session on
Saturday.
Mr. HIGBY. Why not make that proposi-
tion now, and then adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that we finish this bill to-night, meet to-mor
row at eleven o'clock, and take up and go
through with the deficiency bill, and then
adjourn over to Monday.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I object. I
do not want to finish this bill to night.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ROSS. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will with-
draw the objection to meeting to morrow at
eleven o'clock if we can adjourn now. I do
not want to go any further with the legislative
bill to-night.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Washburn] objects
to my whole proposition, to go through with
this legislative bill to-night, meet to-morrow
at eleven o'clock, and take up and go through
with the deficiency bill, and then adjourn over
to Monday. I understand, however, that lie
does not object to the last part of my proposi-
tion ; and as there seems to be an indisposition
to continue longer in session this afternoon, I
will ask unanimous consent that the House
meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock, finish this
bill, take up and go through with the deficiency
bill, and then we can adjourn 6ver until
Monday.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to change the hour of meeting.
No objection was made.
printing tariff bill.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the
tariff bill be printed for the use of the House.
leave of absence.
Mr. DRIGGS asked and obtained leave of
absence till Monday next.
railroad, etc., in california.
Mr. ANDERSON. I ask that the bill (II.
R. No. 1016) granting lands to the State of
California for the construction of a radroad
j and telegraph line from Vallejo to Humboldt
j bay be ordered to be printed.
1 The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
l the order will be made;
There was no objection.
okdek of business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
rise to a question of order with reference to
the action just taken by the House in regard
to business to morrow. I wish to know whether
the morning hour cau be dispensed with.
