1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
in political contests always. Now, what I want
to do is to attack the abuse in the only place '
where I think it can be attacked and yet leave
tinners to be done iu a proper way, and that is,
to regulate the purchase and the distribution
of stationery properly, provide where and how
it shall be purchased, under a proper agent with
proper security, not by way of trade as it may be
(L cannot accuse anybody, for I do not know
that anything of that sort has been done) but_
at the proper prices; put it under the hands ot
a proper oiiieer who shall be responsible for it,
and let him furnish honestly what you think
proper to furnish to each individual member
tor the ordinary necessities of the business
which he does. There is no impropriety in
that. But I will not submit myself to acknowl-
edge that it is necessary to cut all off in order
to free Senators from the temptation of stealing
these little articles from the Capitol.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there have
been unquestionably some abuses in connection
with the stationery. If gloves and other fancy
articles have been drawn under that head it is
an abuse of the.privilege which has to some
extent brought the whole privilege into dis-
credit. But. sir, I for one am opposed to
abolishing this privilege altogether because of
these abuses of it. A large amount of stationery
is required for the purpose of doing the public
business. I know that I require a large amount
to answer the numerous letters on public busi-
ness that are sent to me, and in sending docu-
ments which I am called upon to send, and in
various ways in the course of the year, here
and at home, it requires a large amount of
stationery to do the business which is imposed
upon me as a Senator, that comes to me as
such, and which I would not have to do except
upon that account. To pay for this stationery
out of my own pocket would be a tax, and a
tax that is not required, I believe, at the hands
of any other deliberative body.
Now. sir, this, it seems to me, is a very
small point of public economy. We have great
retrenchment to make in the expenditures of
this Government. We may make a small
retrenchment here that will save a few thou-
sand dollars at the expense of members of the
Senate and of the House of Representatives,
for which the country will give us no credit and
care nothing. The country makes no com-
plaint about reasonable expenses. Capital has
been made and will be made by party news-
papers of small character on account of these
abuses, and they ought to be cut off. But, sir,
go far as furnishing a reasonable amount of
stationery is concerned, the country will make
no complaint, and we gain no credit and gain
nothing in any way by cutting off that priv-
ilege and taking that expense upon ourselves.
Sir, when millions have been expended in the
way they have been, when the public lands are
voted away in the way they have been and
perhaps will be again, it becomes a small busi-
ness to say we will begin by saving at the ex-
pense of Senators the stationery that they
require in the discharge of their public duties.
If we are to get stationery through the com-
mittees, as suggested by one Senator, that is
simply a subterfuge. I would rather go and get
it directly than to have to get it from acommittee-
room. I do not propose to take it from there
at all. Let me get it from the stationery-room
here and have it charged to me. But one thing
I will say ought to be done to prevent the abuse
of this privilege: let there be an account kept
against each Senator, and let it be a public
account, and if the privilege is abused let the
iacts be in a position that his account can be
charged up against him and shown to the public.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to state to the
Senator that a regular account is kept, and any
Senator can have his account in the stationery-
ruom ascertained as it stands.
Mr. MORTON. I am told that these accounts
are not made known to the public; that these
charges of gloves and fancy articles are in the
aggregate against the Senate. That is what I
am told is the fact.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator-will per-
mit me to interrupt him again. I presume there
never was a pair of gloves taken from the sta-
tionery-room for distribution. That subject
relates to funerals. The question of gloves has
nothing to do with the stationery.
Mr. MORTON. The principal abuse I have
heard of in the newspapers is in regard to pen-
knives and gloves. A Senator suggests to me
that the penknives are not good. There ought
to be a deduction on that ac^puntif that is the
fact. [Laughter.] But, sir, it seems to me
there is no reason on account of public econ-
omy or any other cause why members of the
Senate should not draw the stationery that they
require for the transaction of the public busi-
ness at the public expense. I am in favor of
economy, but I am in favor of practicing it on
a larger scale and in a more reasonable direc-
tion than this.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say one word
in reply to what was said by the distinguished
Senatorfrom Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.] Iagree
entirely with the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] that the public will never complain,
and that we should not govern ourselves upon
the idea that there will be complaint of a supply
of necessary stationery. The complaint is of
the abuse ; and what we are now trying to do
is so to adjust the matter as to cut off the abuse
and leave the thing as near as may be what
it should be.
The Senator from Maine suggests that if this
amendment is adopted committees will make
requisitions for stationery, and that in that way
Senators will be enabled to help themselves.
Suppose thaj to be so; then we shall receive
through committees that stationery which is
necessary for those purposes referred to by the
Senator from Indiana. But let me ask the Sen-
ator from Maine and the Senator from Indiana
do they suppose that committees will make
requisitions for portemonnaies, pocket-books,
portfolios, perfumery, and the various things
which have been talked about? Not at all.
They will make requisitions for the necessary
stationery to be used absolutely in the transac-
tion of the public business. That is all as it
should be, and nobody will complain of it.
Mr. CORBETT. Would the Senator agree
to an amendment to the amendment that they
shall not receive in committees over a certain
amount?
Mr. CONKLING. I should have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. CORBETT. Otherwise we come right
back to the same thing.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree with Senators
entirely that this is a small, disreputable scan-
dal ; and if it were a mere partisan trick I
should not be in favor of yielding to it to any
extent. It is more than that—as the Senator
on my left [Mr. Davis] has said, there are
various large matters in which retrenchment
ought to be practiced. The very first process
to qualify ourselves to inaugurate retrenchment
with a wholesome effect is to show that we
ourselves intend, in reference to our own
wants, to practice it; and therefore I think
this question is of some importance. I sub-
mit to the Senate that if the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Minnesota is
adopted Senators will receive as members of
committees those quantities of that ordinary
stationery which is necessary for public use,
and we shall at once cut off the possibility of
all those things which have been called "fancy
articles," with the receipt of which we are now
charged; and I do not think there is any other
way in which it can be done.
Now I should like to have the attention for
one moment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. He seems to suppose that by striking
out the money and allowing a receipt of spe-
cific articles to this amount he will correct
the abuse of which I am speaking or prevent
the liability to it. I submit to him that he
will not, and for this reason: requisitions
will be made for stationery through commit-
tees just as they will be if the pending amend-
ment is adopted; and then what next? Here
will be standing to the credit of every mem-
ber of both Houses $125, which he may go
and take—how? In all these articles—port-
folios, knives, portemonnaies, and every sort
of thing which enters into this general descrip-
tion of excess—and can take it just as well in
those articles as he can talcc it in money if he
chooses. 1 do not suppose anybody wants to
do it in either House; 1 do not mean to inti-
mate that; but the question is, whether it is
worth while and wholesome to leave ourselves
open to this charge. I submit we had better
cut it off, and let us get through committees
what is needed for the public use and shut the
door against any other possibility, and then
we shall be right.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to know
where a gentleman is a member of some three
committees which committee he would obtain
his stationery fr#m. If he had the opportu-
nity of obtaining his stationery from each of
those three committees it seems to rae that the
abuse would be greater than it would to adopt
the bill as it is presented to us from the House.
Mr. CONKLING. I will ask my friend
from Oregon if a member, in the case he men-
tions, cannot obtain all the stationery he
chooses from all three as the matter stands
now.
Mr. CORBETT. Not that I am aware of.
I have never received stationery from a com-
mittee.
Mr. CONKLING. The power exists to do
it just as much as if this measure passes.
Mr. CORBETT. It strikes me that it would
be more satisfactory to the people to know the
exact amount of stationery that we receive,
and that there should be a limit to that. If
the committee that have examined this subject
and know very nearly the amount that is neces-
sary for members to use have reported that it
is necessary for them to have in value $12;"),
which I think is a very large estimate, I think
it ought to be limited to that amount, and I
am in favor of limiting it to that or a less
amount. I am willing to vote for the bill as
presented from the House.
Mr. TIPTON. This discussion this morn-
ing is rather depressing to new and uninitiated
Senators. I suppose 1 shall be able to learn
as fast as any other Senator what our privi-
leges and prerogatives are in regard to perqui-
sites; but I do hope that venerable Senators
will not so dispose of this question this morn-
ing as to cause us to have doubts in regard to
the company into which we have fallen. I
understood during the fall canvass that I was
charged in the State of Nebraska with having
received perhaps from ten to a dozpn pairs of
gloves, and I was not able to answer or make
any reply, from the consciousness of the fact
that I had never heard of the existence of the
question of gloves before.
I feel on this subject frankly just thus: I dare
vote for anything that is right and fair as be-
tween the United States and myself ns an hum-
ble Senator; and no species of outside denun-
ciation or low, contemptible demagogism on
the part of newspaper writers or editors shall
influence for one single moment anything that
I shall utter, or anything that I shall vote on
the floor of the Senate. To a sensible and hon-
est and certainly partially-civilized (at least)
constituency I should appeal in all such cases.
I have no fears in regard to doing discreetly
and honestly, and on the honor ot a Senator,
that which honorable members of this body
have always done in this behalf—using just so
much and no more of stationery as is neces-
sary to perform the public duties devolving on
a Senator. I should unhesitatingly do that.
And yet I feel that we are this morning about
to inaugurate a policy that will seem to imply
that there have been such grievous wrongs
committed heretofore that now the venerable
part of the Senate must wash their hands of
the iniquity to save their reputations before
the eountry, and prove that they are neither
robbers nor public thieves, and that the younger
