2684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May'.2^,
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to ask tbe gentle-
man a question. Are not the last words of
the article of the treaty on this subject these:
"Provided nothing herein con tain ed shall prevent
the Secretary of the Interior from selling the whole
of it 1"
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. That may be,
but what possible connection has that with the
question of appraisement? It is to be in the
interest of nobody but those who are settled
there in good faith. This money is to pay for
services performed in good faith, and, 1 say
again, has no possible connection with the sale
by the Secretary of the Interior. It is another
question entirely.
I say again, I do not differ very much with
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I hope
this whole question of the sale of this large
body of land to the Connecticut Emigration
Company will be fully investigated. I have
not at this time a single word to say in refer-
ence to that subject. But I stand here in the
interest of a portion of my constituents, of
the people of my State, a few of whom are
settled on these lands, and who are there in
good 1'ail.h. The lands have been appraised
by appraisers, who have performed their duty
properly, as I have reason to believe, and who
ought to be paid, and whose duties ought not
in any respect to be confounded with this sale,
whether it was a fraudulent or honest sale, by
the Secretary of the Interior, to any party what-
soever.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I quite agree
with the gentleman from Kansas that there
ought to be an appropriation for paying the
expenses of the appraisement to which he has
referred in his remarks. But while upon this
subject I desire to say a few words in relation
to the authority wliieh is being exercised by
the President and Senate under cover of the
treaty-making power to dispose of the public
lands of the Government in the occupancy of
the Indian tribes. But first of all, I have some
information additional to that presented by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
in relation to the Cherokee neutral lands, which
I will state, and it presents the exercise of this
treaty-making power in no very enviable light.
There are some facts which will be new to the
committee. I read this morning a treaty con-
cluded between the Government and the Chero-
kee Indians, dated April 27, 18(iX, not yet made
public, but communicated to the Senale, and
printed with the caption "confidential," dis-
posing of the eight hundred thousand acres of
"Cherokee neutral lands." Thus far every
provision of the treaty, and every proceeding
m regard to it, has been kept secret from the
public, from Congress, and from the people,
and all who are interested exccpt the parties
to the treaty and the purchaser of the lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Who made
the treaty ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The depart-
ment of Indian affairs with the chiefs of the
Cherokee nation brought here for the purpose.
Ou the 19th of July, 1800, a treaty was made
between the United States and the Cherokee
Indians, which has been referred to by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. On the 30th
of August,, I860, Mr. Harlan, then Secretary
of the Interior, undertook to sell by virtue of
a provision of that treaty eight hundred thou-
sand acres of land, known as the " Cherokee
neutral lands," to a company called "the
American Emigrant Company," for $800,000—
a dollar an acre—-payable in nine years, with
interest. 1 believe, at five per cent.
Mr. BUTLER. A Connecticut company.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes. sir; in-
corporated m the State of Connecticut. The
Attorney General decided that that sale was
not valid, because it was a sale on time, and
insisted that the terms of the treaty required a
sale for cash down.
Well, sir, on the 9th of October, 1867, Mr.
Browning, Secretary of the Interior, made a
sale of the same lands for $800,000, to be paid
cash down, so as to meet the opinion of the
Attorney General. This salewas to Mr. James
F. Joy, who doubtless "rejoiced with exceed-
ing great joy'' that he had secured this con-
tract. [Laughter.]
That is not all, Mr. Chairman. It was not
convenient for Mr. Joy to pay cash down, aud
he then went to work to get rid of his contract
aud to modify the treaty, so that he might get
the nine years which had been accorded to the
American Emigrant Company in which to make
payment.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word, so that all the facts in regard
to our Indian policy may be understood?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certaiuly.
Mr. J LILIAN. There is a treaty now being
made between the Great and Little Osage In-
dians and our special Indian commissioner by
which these Indians are to sell to us eight mil-
lion acres of laud, which, by the stipulations of
the treaty, are to be granted to railroad corpo-
rationsiu Kansas,without theauthority of Con-
gress, and in contravention of the preemption
and homestead laws of the United States. It
is the most startling example yet given of the
utter defiance of the authority of Congress by
treaty made with tribes who have no shadow
of right to dictate the4and policy of the United
States.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I quite agree
with the gentlemen from Indiana that this is
all wrong, and I am opposed to such exercise
of the treaty-making power, unwarranted as it
is by the Constitution, aud a clear usurpation,
and for which every man engaged in it ought
to be impeached and removed from office if it
were possible to impeach anybody.
Mr. CLAliKE, of Kansas. I desire to re-
mark that that treaty, if made at all, has been
made against my protest, as the only Repre-
sentative from my State; and as soon as it
came to my knowledge 1 protested in writing
to the Secretary of the Interior as being a fraud
upon many thousands of men who have settled
in my State.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Now, let me
proceed with my statement of facts. Ou the
27th of April, 1808, a new treaty was made at
the Indian department in this city between the
Cherokee Indians and the Government, by
which it was agreed that tlra American Emi-
grant Company should assign their contract to
Joy; that Joy's contract with Browning, the
Secretary of the Interior, should be rescinded,
and that then the contract which the American
Emigrant Company had assigned to Joy should
be reaffirmed, so that he should have to pay
the $800,000 in the nine years which the Emi-
grant Company would have had if their eon-
tract had been carried out. In this manner
he escapes his contract with Browning, which
compels him to pay the money at once.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I renew
the amendment to the amendment for the pur-
pose of stating that all this excitement lias been
got up in a few days past by parties in the in-
terest of this " Osage land grant," as it is called
here, being a rival railroad interest to that
which is on the neutral lands. That is the
cause of all the indignation which has been
poured into the ears of members, and has mis-
led them in regard to this whole question.
The fact about these neutral lands is that
they belong absolutely to the Cherokee In-
dians, and the Government has nothing to do
with them, except to assent to their sale when
sold. They were given to the Cherokee In-
dians in lieu of $500,000 in gold which the Gov-
ernmentagreed to pay them when they removed
them from Georgia, Alabama, and Tennessee.
The Government has kept these Indians out
of the interest on that $500,000 ever since 1833.
These are wild lands, unproductive, and sep-
arated from the other lands of the Cherokee
nation by the lauds of the Senecas and other
tribes of Indians. Settlers were prohibited
from settling on these lands. And members
here will recollect the excitement created in
1856 and 1857 by the agent Montgomery, driv-
ing off all the settlers and destroying their
houses.
These Indians have been trying to get the
Government of the United States to take these
lauds from them and give them the money for
it. Within two years a proposition has been
before Congress, and strongly urged, for the
Government to purchase these lands from
these Indians. This House has refused, time
and time again, to purchase these lands. After
the negotiation of the treaty of 18G6 these
lands were sold. Congress was asked to pur-
chase them and grant them to tlie railroad
company that has now made the purchase.
Congress refused to do it. After the treaty
was negotiated authorizing the Secretary to
sell the lands, they were sold at the request of
the Indians, Congress having refused to make
them public lands. These lands did not be-
long to the United States; theynever were
public lands, any more than the farm of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] is to-
day. All this sudden movement, all this ex-
citement, is caused simply by interested outside
parties, who do not want this road built down
there so as to develop these lands.
As to the lands being worth fifty dollars an
acre, all I can say is that not an acre was settled
upon two years ago. The nearest market is some
one hundred and ten miles away. You cati
to-day buy for five dollars an acre lands one hun-
dred miles nearer the market than these lands
are. This whole excitement is got up on false
grounds. When the House comes to under-
stand the question members will see that what
I say is true.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNA11D. I rise to oppose the
amendment to the amendment. I confess that
either I do not understand my own amend-
ment, or else gentlemen here have gone off on
the wrong tack. When I was on the floor
before I gave something of what I understood
to be the history of these neutral lands. Per-
haps the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Vaif
Horn] understands the facts better than I do.
'These were lands that lay out some distance
from the main body. When it was proposed
to admit Kansas, Mr. Ross, the principal chief
of that tribe, was here protesting against the
measure. But Kansas was admitted, with
those lands inside its territorial limits. He
then came here repi esenting his people,
endeavoring to sell the lands to the United
States, knowing that his people would have
again the same difficulty they had formerly
experienced when they, were in Georgia. Ten-
nessee, and Alabama. As the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Vax Horx] has stated, Con-
gress refused again and again to buy the lands.
But in I860, we negotiated with those Indians
a treaty which I have before me. and to one
article of which I invite attention as furnishing
the basis of this amendment:
"The Cherokee nation hereby codes in trust to the
United States the tract of land in the State of Kan-
sas which wan sold to ihe Cuerokees by the United
States under the provisions ot the second article of
the trea,ty of 1S35.
' The lands herein ceded shall be surveved as the
public lands of the United Status arosurveyed, un.Ur
the direction of the Commissioner oi the General
Land Oliice, and shall be appraised by o disinter-
ested persons, one to be designated by tile Cnerokee
national council and one by the Secretary of the
Interior, and m ease of disagreement, bv a this J poi-
son to bo mutually selected by the aforesaid apprais-
ei's* i the appraisement to bo not lesj. kluintiu average
ot $1 25 per acre, exclusive of improvements.''
To carry out this article of the treaty I have
offered my amendment. What disposition the
United States may have made of these lands
since obtaining them under the treaty does not
affect in any way the present question. It is
very probable that these lands have been ob-
tained from the United States at a great under-
valuation^ It is very probable that they have
been obtained from the United States by indi-
rection or by malpractice; for when did the
L nited States ever make a business negotiation
with one of its own citizens without coming out
