1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4L
to the idea, especially on a subject of this
character, one that has been before this body
for one year at least, that it is not necessary
for the members of this House to devote them-
selves exclusively to it, that we should take
what the managers say and what they do ns
authority, while we ourselves are to give no
consideration to the subject whatever.
I am aware, sir, in many branches of busi-
ness we have before us in ordinary legislation,
it becomes a necessity we should follow very
often our committees in bringing subjects be-
fore us we know nothing about, except the
information we receive from such committee ;
that is because of the multiplicity of business.
But this subject is of an extraordinary char-
acter, one to which the mind of every member
of the House has had its attention called for
the last year, and no doubt has not only given
it attention but has gone into a critical exam-
ination of it. Now, it is charged by the mem-
bers of this House who are opposing this
investigation that the offense charged against
the President of the United States is not crim-
inal in its character; that it does not amount
to enough to found articles of impeachment;
that is, on the ground that the President of the
United States lias simply attempted to remove
the Secretary of War, a member of his Cabi-
ns, because he is offensive to him politically
and possibly personally ; that simply on this
ground an effort is being made to remove the
President from his seat by the process of im-
peachment.
And, sir, I must confess, in reading the ar-
ticles presented by the committee, all that is
charged in those articles is that the law of the
2d of March last has been violated, and there-
fore the Constitution has been violated, by the
President in attempting to remove the Secre-
tary of War. Is there breadth enough in the
declaration set forth in these articles ? May
not the managers go further and show anything,
on the part of the President of the United
States, not only that he sought to remove the
Secretary of War from his Cabinet because of
his being offensive politically and personally,
but because of the great ulterior object he had
in vie w, and that was to get full and undisputed
possession of the War Department of this na-
tion for the purpose of accomplishing the par-
poses of his usurpation. That is the breadth
and length of the article presented by the mem-
ber from Rhode Island. It is to show the in-
tent of the President of the United States
behind the mere act of removal of the Secre-
tary of War. It shows in the correspondence
between the President and General Grant that
there was an ulterior object in view on the part
of the President, which wa's to get hold of the
War Department and control it himself exclu-
sively. Mr. Stanton was in the way of that
purpose.
He also made other attempts. Did he not
attempt to establish a new military department
here at Washington, to get somebody at the
head of it who would serve his purpose, so
that he might have exclusive control of the
war power of this nation? Not only was it
his purpose to remove Mr. Stanton, but to get
entire control of the war power of this nation,
and thus accomplish his object of usurpation
through that power, if he could not through
any other.
Sir, while possibly for myself, if I were to
be the judge to whom these articles were to be
submitted, and if I were to decide as to the
guilt or innocence of the President, they might
be all I should desire. But I am not to be the
judge in the case. Fifty odd Senators are to
sit as judges to decide the question. With
what extreme care, therefore, should we move
in this matter iu reference to the^ articles we
submit to them. We should certainly, if pos-
sible, embrace every view that can be taken
by way of evidence as to the object and intent
of the President in the removal of the Secre-
tary of War. We should be extremely critical
as to the ground-work we lay for the evidence
to be introduced before the Senate. For this
reason I wish that the .managers who are to
conduct this case before the Senate would, of
their own free consent, allow this article to
come in. I think it can do 110 harm to what
already appears on record.
I do not say this to impeach the ability of
the gentlemen who reported the articles already
adopted. They are gentlemen of acknowl-
edged ability. But, sir, how different have
been the minds even of these members on this
question ? The committee that was appointed
in the first instance presented their articles,
presuming that they had embraced in the lan-
guage which they used sufficient ground to take
all the testimony that might be offered or any
argument that might be submitted. But what
did they find upon further reflection ? After a
day or two had intervened the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlisr,] who has since
been added to the committee of managers,
introduced an additional article, which was
adopted yesterday. And after that had been
agreed to the distinguished member from Ohio,
[Air. Bingham,] who was a member of the
original committee, and helped to get up the
original articles, came in to close up the work
with an entirely new article; which was also
adopted. Now, sir, if these gentlemen had
considered this subject thoroughly, why was
not that article proposed in the first instance ?
Human nature is fallible, and it is not unfre-
quently that a man finds after reflection and
review that his own best work is defective. I
have no doubt the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] found on reflection that even his
work was not perfect, and hence he brought in
another article, which was a good one, em-
bracing a wider field.
It strikes me, if the members of the House
will take independent views for themselves on
the subject before them, they will find in this
article presented by the gentleman from
Rhode Island one broad enough in scope to
leave more room for testimony and argument
in showing the intent on the part of the Presi-
dent in removing Secretary Stanton.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, the other day,
when articles of impeachment were under dis-
cussion, I endeavored to present an article. I
now offer it for reference to the board of man-
agers, and commend it to their serious consid-
eration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the managers have been called a board of
managers. Their official title is simply man-
agers. They are not a committee.
Mr. JENCKES. I will only yield to allow
the article to be read for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
Art.—. That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, has committed a high misdemeanor in
ofiice iu Una, that heretofore, to wit, during his in-
cumbency in offieo as President of the United States,
at Washington, in the District of Columbia, and at
other place!-' in the United States, by acting, inciting,
counseling, and using the great influence and power
of his office of President of the United States, with
intent thereby, among other things, to obstruct, re-
tard, and deteat the lawfully and constitutionally
provided for restoration of the rebel States to their
practical relations with the United States, ho did, in
fact, then and there and thereby, groatly retard and
obstruct such lawfully and constitutionally provided
for restoration of said rebel States to their practical
relations with tho United States, to the groat danger
and hurt of the United States, and to the great and
dangerous abuse of tho executive powers of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law ence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I have read with some care the article of im-
peachment prepared by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes.]
In my judgment it is a good article, and can be
sustained by evidence. I will vote to adopt it,,
as I will for every article that may be presented
by any gentleman of this House which, in my
judgment, is well taken against the President.
At the same time this matter of impeachment
has been so long delayed that it seems to me
that it would be wise in us not to present to
the Senate more articles than are absolutely
necessary to insure a conviction of the Presi-
dent. Now, sir, with this view and for thi8
purpose, I submit to the House that it would be
much better if we would go the Senate only
upon the first three or four articles which have
been already agreed to by the House. I en-
tertain no doubt but that the article presented
by the gentleman from Rhode Island is just as
well taken as any other article to which the
House has agreed. _ And I do not hesitate to
say_ that other articles might be presented
which would be equally well taken, but we
have already delayed so long that it now is a
matter of the first importance that the Presi-
dent shall be speedily tried and that we shall
give no cause for unnecessary delay or incum-
ber the proceedings with anything beyond what
is absolutely necessary in order that that may
be accomplished. I will, if it be in order, or at
the proper time, offer the resolution which I
now send to the Clerk's desk and ask to have
read for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the managers of the impeachment
against thfc President be and are directed to present
to the Senate the first four articles of impeachment
agreed upon by the House, and that they proceed to
ask the judgment of the Senate thereon after the
proper hearing, and that after that said managers
shall, if they deem it necessary, present to the Senate
the remaining1 articles agreed upon by the House, and
that they proceed thereon to final judgment if ia
their judgment it bo deemed advisable. *
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. It is not before the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope it will not be re-
ceived. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jen"ck:es] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the previous ques-
tion on agreeing to the proposed twelfth arti-
cle of impeachment.
The proposed article was read, as follows:
Art. XII. That Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, has heretofore, and within the District
of Columbia and elsewhere within the United States,
being actuated by the unlawful intent and design to
assume and exercise the control and command of the
armies of the United States without being bound by
tho laws establishing rules for the government and
regulation of the land and naval forces of the United
States, passedby the CongressoftheUnitedStates, m
pursuance of the powers granted to Congress for said
purpose by the Constitution of theUnited States, and
to exercise the functions of Commander-in-Chief of
said armies otherwise than in accordance with the
provisions of said laws, and to prevent said armies
and the officers thereof from being the instruments of
the execution of the laws of the United States, and
especially of an act entitled "An act for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," passed March
2, A. I). 1867, and the additional acts supplementary
thereto and in amendment thereof, unlawfully and
willfully and unmindful of the duties of his office as
President of the United States, and during the term
for which he is entitled to discharge the duties ot said
office, and in violation of tho Constitution and laws
of the United States and of his oath of office, and
especially of the acts of Congress prescribing rules
for the government and regulation of the land and
naval forces of the United States, and of the act,
being one of said acts approved March 2,1867, enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the support
of tho Army for thc year ending June 30, A. D. 1808,
and forother purposes," andalsoof theact approved
July 31, A. D. 1861, entitled "An act to define and
punish certain conspiracies," and also of the act en-
titled *Axi act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices," passed March 2, A. D.1867, and also of that
clause of the Constitution of the United States which
declares that Congress shall have power "to estab-
lish rules for the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces of the United States," and
also of that other clause of the Constitution of the
United Stateswhich declares that the President shall
have power to "nominate, and by and with the
advice and conscnt of the Senate shall appoint, em-
bassadors and other public ministers and consuls,
Judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers
of the United States whose appointments are not
herein —that is to say, in said Constitution—" other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by
l«aw; and also of that other clause of the Constitu-
tion which requires the l^resident to see that the
laws are faithfully executed, attempted to obey
and exercise control and command of said armies of
the United States and of the officers thereof, and has
attempted to remove the chief officer in the "War De-
partment, being the Secrdtl^ry of the Department of
War and the head thereof, and has attempted to ap-
point another person to perform the duties of Sec-
retary of .War ad interim, when no vacancy had
occurred in said office under the laws creating and
governing the same, and has also, acting under the
willful and criminal intent and design aforesaid, at
tho city of Washington, in the District of Columbia,,
on the 21st day of February, A. I). 1868, by writing,,
signing, a,nd delivering to the Secretary of War*,
