1888.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
the Constitution, and is used in this law in its
constitutional significance.
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America. lie shall hold
his office during the term of four year?, and together
with the Vice President, chosen for the same term,
be elected as follows —Article 2, section 1.
*■ ¥ * * S *
"Tn ease of the removal of the President from office
or of his death, resignation, or inability to discharge
the powers and duties of the said office, the same
shall devolve upon the Vico President."—Articlc 2,
section 1.
Not the office, not the term, but the duties
and powers of the office during the term for
winch the President was elected shall devolve
upon the Vice President. Nothing can be
clearer than that the word in the first section of
the teriure-of-oflice act is necessarily defined
by the Constitution; and it was iu Mr. Lin-
coln's term that Mr. Stanton was removed by
the usurpation of Mr. Johnson in violation of
the tenure-of-oflicc act.
The gentleman Irom Ohio [Mr. Cary] says
that the opinion of the Supreme Court upon
the tenure-of-otlice act is required. Will ho
try the President upon the opinion of four
judges of the Supreme Court, that number
being a majority of a quorum under the law ?
The Constitution itself has furnished better
protection for the President. There are fifty-
four Senators, and he can claim acquittal un-
less thirty-six Senators pronounce him guilty.
But, sir, more than that; the Senate for this
purpose is tiie highest tribunal of the land, I
not only hold that there is no reason or right
in the assumption that, the Senate should take
the judgment of the Supreme Court or any
other court, but I hold with unflinching fidelity
that it will be the duty of the Supreme Court,
as well as any other, to accept the decision of
the Senate for all the purposes of this inquiry.
But, in any event under 1 ho Constitution for the
purposes of this trial, there is no appeal from
the decision of the Senate to the Supreme
Court.
But. sir, I understand that very recently,
following the suggestion made upon the other
side of the House, the President has informed
the Senate that his intentions were not bad.
Sir. it is too late to enter this plea. The evi-
dence is too massive and overwhelming as to
his intentions. In a ciiininal court a person
convicted may plead good intentions, previous
good conduct, and reputation in palliation of
the sentence ; but when he does ofier that plea
he opens an inquiry as to what his conduct lias
been. And I ask, concerning the President of
the United States, what have been his purposes
and what have been his intentions? Sir, upuu
the leeoid, the eoirespondi'iice betuoci the
President and Geneial Urant, it is conclu-
sively shown that not only did he not intend
to appeal to the courts of law fur the purpose
of ascertaining whether Mr. Stanton had a
legal right to the office, but lie intended by a
contrivance, by a fraud, by a conspnaey, by
a usurpation, in defiance of law, to oust Mr.
Stanton from the office. If, then, General
Grant was not. disposed to hold the office
against the judgment of the Senate, should
that body not sustain the suspension of Mr.
Stanton, he asserts upon the record that it was
his purpose to appoint, a successor who would
resist the reinstatement of the lawful Secretary
of War.
Upon his own confession and the testimony
of his Cabinet officers, it was his purpose to
introduce a man who would resist the restora-
tion of Mr. Stanton upon the judgment of the
Senate under the law. is it for him to say
that, it was his intention to take the judgment
of the courts? But. iu any event can a man,
much less a public otlicer, break a law without
peril to himself upon the plea that he desires
to test the validity of the law. The crime is in
breaking the law with the intention of so doing.
More than that, the testimony of Mr. Brown-
ing, his own witness, is that he went so far as
to say that he would vicariously suffer the im-
40th Coxg. 2d Sess.—No, 11.
prisomneut which the law would have meted
out to General Grant if he had entered into the
conspiracy.
Sir, I am not accustomed to eulogize public
men. During the war through which we have
just passed my heart was filled with emotions
of gratitude to those who stood by the country
in the hour of its peril—Grant, Sherman, George
H. Thomas, their associates, and followers.
But, sir, in these recent days when this man,
imitating Sylla, the dictator of Home, who
subverted the liberty of his country through
the corruption of the army; imitating Louis
Napoleon, who trampled the republic under
his feet and raised an empire upon its ruins
through the corruptions which he introduced
into the armies of France, it is the most glori-
ous, ennobling, heart-cheering evidence of the
existence of the highest quality of Roman
virtue in the present generation that those
three men, leaders in the recent contest for
liberty and Union, have spurned the induce-
ment of power, have withstood Mr. Johnson's
efforts to corrupt them and alienate them from
their country. They have rebuked, as words
cannot, the assumption of the gentleman from
New l'ork [Mr. Brooks] that three fourths of
the Army are with the enemies of the country.
Now, sir, what is the history of this man, for
he puts his character into the case now before
the country. Is not he the man who in the
Senate Chamber on the ever-to-be lamented
4th of March, 1805, humiliated the nation and
all the people, dishonored us in the presence
of the civilized world, disgraced the oflice he
held, while Booth was wending his criminal
way through the crowds in the areas of the
Capitol for the purpose of assassinating the
President of the nation who within forty days
thereafter was destined to fall by the hand of
the assassin? Is not lie the man who, in vio-
lation of his oath of office, appointed men to
places of trust and power throughout, the ten
States of the South who could not take the oath
of oflice prescribed by the law of the country?
Is not he the man who disseized the recently
emancipated freedmcn of millions of acres of
the public domain which had been solemnly
dedicated to them by the laws of the country,
and turned those lands over to rebels nho had
brought upon us the misery and woe through
which we had then just passed? Is not lie the
man who surrendered without compensation,
without limitation, without condition, railways
on which the Government had expended $40,-
000,000 of money and the labor of thousands
and feus ofthou-ands of men in the Ai my ? Is
not he the man who by his machinations has
kept ten States unieconstiucted, who has tram-
pled under foot the laws, who has given en-
couragement, aid, and comfort, to the enemies
ol'the country throughout those ten States? Is
not he the man who used his power as Chief
Magistrate to delay and postpone the collec-
tion of debts due to the United States by rail-
ways for rolling-stock sold them on credit by
his order, and then by virtue of another order
issued by himself received and appropriated
that money to bis personal use? Ay, sir, is
he not the man who if his crimes were mar-
shaled and arrayed before the country would
be, in the public judgment, condemned as the
greatest usurper of modern times ? He offers
his character, his reputation. He challenges
an examination of bis conduct.. His crimes are
multiplied ; his virtues can not be discovered.
Mr. Speaker, in the ten minutes that remain,
I can but indicate the plot in winch the Presi-
dent is engaged. He desired first to get con-
trol of the V> ar Department, in order that, as
in 1S01. the munitions of war, arms, and mate-
rial might be used tor the purpose of enabling
him to succeed in his asp-nations to be Piesi-
denl of the United States. He knew that if he
could corrupt the leaders of the Army, if he
could bend these men to his udl, these ten
Stales were in his control, and that he could
send to the Democratic convention to be holdcn
on the 4th of duly next men who would sustain
his claim for the Presidency. Then, upon the
allegation which he could well carry out and
which no other man could make good, that with
the Army and his influence among the rebels
of the South, whom he had brought to his sup-
port by his previous violations of law, he could
secure the electoral votes of those ten States
by excluding the negroes whom we have enfran-
chised from all participation in the election.
Succeeding in this, we were to be met next
February with the electoral votes of those ten
States given for himself as President of the
United States. If by fortune, as was his hope,
he should receive a sufficient number of votes
in the North to make a majority, then, with the
support of the Army which he had corrupted,
he had determined to be inaugurated President
of the United States at the hazard of civil war.
To-day, sir, we escape from these evils and
dangers.
He will soon be deprived of the power to
carry oil his machinations. Of all the Army
but one man has been found to obey his will,
and he old and impotent and weak, an object of
sympathy and compassion rather than the sub-
ject of hatred and revenge.
Sir, this day the country is saved. There
may be momentary excitement, pecuniary in-
terests may for a brief period suffer, but the
sun himself often sets behind the clouds of the
West while distant thunders alarm the timid
and the lightnings that illumine the firmament
terrify the weak. Yet the king of the heavens
reappears in the morning and bathes the earth
in celestial beauty.
Remove this man from the office he holds.
Redeem the Republic. Set an example that
all posterity will gladly imitate if unhappily
like circumstances should again arise. And,
sir, to posterity and to history we may safely
appeal, lleluctant in action, tardy, possibly,
this House and the people of thin country
have been; but they are wedded to justice;
they believe in duty. The people who fur-
nished two and a half million men for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, who passed safely
through the crisis of the murder of a beloved
Chief Magistrate, can now remove from office
a man who has broken the laws, violated the
Constitution, usurped power, and attempted
to seduce and corrupt the Army. In due form
and tinder the Constitution this proceeding will
go on. Private rights will be respected, the
public interests will be guarded and fostered,
and the nation itself, iu reputation and power,
sensibly advanced among the peoples of the
eaith.
ImiHaelmuT.t.
SPEECH OF HON. MICHAEL C. KERR.
of indiana,
Ix tiie House of Representatives,
February 124, 1SG8,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. KEPiR: Mr. Speaker, in the views I
shall express upon the grave matter now pend-
ing before the House, I shall divest myself of
every impulse of the mere partisan. This
solemn occasion affords inspiration that should
elevate every gentleman charged with any duty
here above the passions and motives of either
persona! or party interest. 1, and those with
whom I act in this House, had no knowledge
whatever of the purpose of the Executive to
do the act for doing which this movement
is again inaugurated for his deposition. _ W e
are therefore free iu every sense to submit to
the guidance alone of leason and duty. I do
not make these remarks by way of reproach
against the President, nor to cxpiess or inti-
mate any objection to his course. 1 shall pre-
sent to the House and the country my own
opinions as fully and frankly as my poor ability
