1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
of postage in the United States, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 1851. But it
is to be tlia duty of the Postmaster General to
transmit a copy of each of such conventions
to the Secretary of Slate for this purpose, and
the printed copy of the conventions is to be
revised by the Post Office Department.
The fifth section provides that all laws and
parts of laws requiring the Secretary of State
to send the laws first directly to newspapers
for publication, as well as all laws and parts
of laws in conflict with the provisions of this
act, be repealed.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first, second,
and third time, and passed.
Mr._ LAPLIN moved to reconsider the voto
by which the bill was passed ; and also'inoved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATIES WITH SISSETONS AND WARPETONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting a communication
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, rela-
tive to an appropriation to carry out treaty stip-
ulations with the Sisseton and Warpeton bands
of Dakota Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
INDIAN SERVICE IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a communi-
cation from the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, submitting an estimate for an appropria-
tion for the expenses of Indian service in Cal-
ifornia incurred during the years 1860 to 1807
inclusive; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to bo
printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. DONNELLY asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Rev. F. A. Conwell, asking com-
pensation for services as a chaplain.
UNITED STATES COURT IN KANSAS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, submitted*the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on tho Judiciary be
directed to consider tho expediency of extending tho
jurisdiction of tho court of the United States for
the district, of Kansas over the Indian Territory in
thu State of Kansas.
TENNESSEE ELECTION It. R. BUTLER.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and call up the resolution reported from
the Committee of Elections, entitled joint
resolution (II. R. No. 214) relative to li. 11.
Butler, a Representative-elect from the State
of Tennessee*. .
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that R. R. Butler, Representative-elect
from the first congressional district of Tennes-
see, be admitted to his seat upon taking the
usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and upon taking so much of
the oath prescribed by the act entitled "An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other
purposes," approved July 2, 18G2, as is not
included in these words : ' 'That I have neither
sought nor accepted nor attempted to exercise
the functions of any office whatever under any
authority, or pretended authority, in hostility
to tho United States."
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing this joint resolution to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. DAWES. Before proceeding to ad-
dress the House on this case, I move that the
claimant, Mr. Butler, be permitted under the
rules to address the House upon the merits
of this case.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Before proceeding with my
remarks I will enter a motion to recommit the
joint resolution to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. Speaker, all the facts that bear upon
this case are substantially admitted upon both
sides of the House. 1 do not know that there
is auv dispute concerning them. The action
of the committee meets the approval, I believe,
of all its members. It may be that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and the gen-
tleman from Now York [Mr. Ci-iani.er] differ
from the other members of the committee as
to the mode of arriving at the result. They
will, 1 presume, speak for themselves. I think,
however, they agree with the remainder of the
committee that Mr. Butler is entitled to a seat
in this House, though I believe they would be
in favor of admitting him without any such
resolution as that reported by the committee.
The facts, Mr. Speaker, are these: tho only
charge that has been presented upon which any
evidence has been submitted is that Mr. But-
ler in the fall of 1801, following tho way in
which the State of Tennessee, so far as it was
in its power, had seceded from the Union, was
elected a member of the Legislature of Ten-
nessee, while then in a hostile attitude to the
United States Government, and qualified as a
member of that Legislature, and took his seat
and kept in it more or less to tho end of that
session. There is no dispute that such is the
fact. Mr. Butler himself admits it, and the
records of that Legislature and the oath of
office he took and subscribed are matters of
rccord before the committee and are printed in
Miscellaneous Document No. 28, in which will
be found all the evidence.
No further time, Mr. Speaker, is needed for
discussing this branch of the ease. It brings
Mr. Bntla- within the oath of office we are all
required to Uike, and excludes him from taking
that part of it contained in these words:
"That I hare neither sought nor accepted nor at-
tempted to exercise the Inactions of any ofiice what-
ever under any authority, or protended authority, in
hostility to the United dlutes."
If this were all that pertained to this case it
would be brief and it would be clear. It is
impossible for Mr. Butler, in the opinion of
the committee and I think of the whole House,
to take that oath. In point of fact he did ac-
cept and did exercise the functions of an ofiice
under a government or pretended government
in hostility to the United States.
•i But, Mr. Speaker, the evidence before the
committee in reply to this was equally clear
and also entirely uncontradicted, that from the
earliest moment of our trouble this claimant
was an ardent, active friend of the Union, de-
voted to its interests, wedded to its cause,
enlisted in its behalf, and resolved to abide its
fortunes whatever they might be.
I feel it my duty in presenting this evidence
to the House to spread it at some length in tho
proceedings of this House that, as the commit-
tee was, it may be impressed with the convic-
tion that not only was this I have stated true,
but there is presented in tho person of Mr.
Butler a remarkable instance of a man of posi-
tion in the community in which he resided, of
influence among his fellow-men, of such mind
and character and attainments among his fel-
low-citizens as to exert a wide-spreajl influence
for good or for evil, who, at the outbreak of the
rebellion never trembled in the balance be-
tween Union and disloyalty, but stepped out
from associations and from influences calcu-
lated to draw him into the vortex of the rebel-
lion and broke away from such influence, and
facing the danger and peril of the hour, actu-
ated, as well as human testimony can show the
motive of human action, by patriotism as pure,
as disinterested, as self-sacrificing, and effi-
cient as ever actuated any gentleman occupying
a_ position where he could make his mark or
his influence felt in tho great struggle through
which we have passed. I feel it isdue to him.
Mr. Speaker, and to the cause that he shnll
have the full benefit of the testimony of tho
neighbors with whom he has lived for twenty
years, of his Union associates in tho very Le-
gislature in which he served, of the men for
whom he periled his life to rescue, to succor,
and to save, and of those officers in high com-
mand who intrusted him with delicate and im-
portant commissions to execute during the war
that the House may have the material on which
to come to such wise conclusions touching him
as that they may be precedents for others as
well as a lesson to those who cannot from their
position or their character bring themselves
within the same catagory.
I have, therefore, Mr. Speaker, full knowl-
edge. I shall tax the patience of the House
and run the risk of failing even to attract at-
tention in quoting from this book evidence to
show the real status and condition of this man.
Let me firsttead the testimony of his neigh-
bors as to the position of this man before he
went into the Legislature in the fall or winter
of 1861-1862. Louis Venable says:
"My opportunities for knowing his sentiments are
as follows: we were both Clay Whigs and of tho samo
religious sentiments, consequently our political and
religious sentiments ran together; and further, lay-
selt and said Butler were members to a convention
held at Knoxvillc, 1'cnnessee, for the purpose of
cutting off Bast Temiesseo from the balance of tho
State, in order that she might not be forced out ofthe
Union and bo made a part of the confederacy, at
which convention said Butler used his utmost en-
deavors and energies in defense of tho Union cause,
which time ofsaid convention was in June. 1861."
Daniel Slimp testifies as follows :
" It. It. Butler was present at tho election ground
in tho fourth district, in Johnson county, on the 8tU
of June, 18(31, the day on which the ordinance of se-
cession was voted for in my county ; said Butler did
request tho officers holding said election not zo open
tho olcction until ho, the said Butler, could address
tho people m detense ot thcUnion cause; and said
Butler did address the voters and eitiaens of said
fourth district for more than two hours, urging tho
people to his utmost ability to stand firm to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and to voto against
the ordinance of secession, and use their utmost
abilities and energies against the ordinance of seces-
sion. Said liutlerdid vote against tho said ordinance
ot secession, and influenced all the citizens he possi-
bly could do to vote against secession, which, to my
knowledge, was tho moans of indueingseveral voters
to vuto against secession who would have voted for
secession. At said election ground, and at said time,
the vote stood for secession eleven votes, and ono
hundred and twelve against secession ; and that said
Butler came to said district election ground by the
request of the Union men, as they were fearful that
the robels might induce by some means some of tho
Union men of said district to vote tor secession,
whom 1 have no doubt were prevented from voting
for secession by the influence of said Butler."
* V sj- * £ * « * •=« # #
" After theState of Tennessee had voted forscces-
sion said Butler eallcd tho ciiizons of this, John-
son, county together, and urged it upon them to dis-
arm the rebels, stating that if they were not disarmed
they would overrun the Union men of said county.
And further, said Butler did call upon the Union
men of the county to arm themselves for the purpose
of preventing the rebels Irom assembling at Taylors-
ville, the county seat of this county, for the purpose
of raising troops for the confederate army."
He went to the Legislature from a constit-
uency held to be loyal by his own personal
influence, his own county sending more sol-
diers to the Union Army than there were voters
in it.
Mr. Norris (page 37) thus testifies :
"Johnson county, where It. R. Bnflcr resides, was
considered oneofthemo^t, loyaloounlies in the State
of Tennessee to the Federal Government, casting
only about 7-> votes for secession, and paid Butler did
more to shape and control tho sentiments of the peo-
pJe of said county thou any other man in the county,
as in upper East Tenne^ce, and for so doing was
arrested by the rebel authorities and earned to Knox-
villc, Tennessee, a distance of one hundred and fifty
miles; and the rebels hated said Butler more than
any man in the county ot Johnson, and was censured
and threatened more than anv other man in said
county by the rebel authorities and soldiers."
Mr. Gregory (page 39) testifies thus:
" Johnson county is considered one of the most loyal
counties to the United States Government of any in
the btatc o± lonnessee, and_ the loyal sentiment of
the county of Johnson was in a great decree attrib-
uted to the influence and energy ofsaid Butier; and
he was hated by the rebels more than any other per-
son m the county of Johnson; and said Butler was
arrested by the rebels and carried to Knoxville, Ten-
nessee, a distance of one hundred and fifty miles, and
was further compelled by the ltbels to leave his home
and family to save his life; and that all his papers
and law library, in Taylorsville, were destroyed by
the rebels.
441 boarded at a rebel hotel during the war. and that
was rebel headquarters of tho rebels in this (Johnson)
county, and being a man above conscript age, and
very iamiliar aud intimate with the landlord of said
hotel, (Colonel Green Morse and his family,) I had
many opportunities of hearing the rebels converse
together that otherpersonsdid not have. I invariably
and always hoard the rebels denounce said Butler as
being a Union man, an§l if it were not for said Butler
