2686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
May BO,
and I call upon the Committee on the Public
Lands to see that it is done.
Mr. KERR. It is past five o'clock; we had
a long session yesterday, and I move that tlie
committee rise.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 40, noes 44 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerr and
Mr. Schenck were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes 50, noes 42.
So the motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
the special order, being House bill No. 1073,
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fnl filling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending GOtli June,
1803, and had come to no resolution thereon.
DICOOKATION OF SOLDIERS' GRAVES.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I submit the
following resolution :
Whereas Saturday, the 30tli of May instant, has
teen set apart for the decoration of the graves of
our brave soldiers who fell in defense ot our country
in the late war to suppress tho rebellion: Therefore,
Rpftolvpd, That as a mark of respoct to tho memory
of tho brave men who foil in defending this Republic
in the late bloody conflict, this IIouso. when it ad-
journs to-day. will adjourn to meet on Monday next;
and that this House as .i body will attend the decora-
tion of tho graves to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent; bat the gentleman can move that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. CLARKE, ©f Kansas. I make that
motion.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 89,
noes 51.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move that the House
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, the House (at live o'clock and fifteen min-
utes) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BI5AMAN: The petition of Sutta
Brothers and others, of Detroit, Michigan, man-
ufacturers, &c., of cigars, remonstrating against
changing tlie rate of taxes on cigars, and pray-
ing that tho stamp on cigars may be a revenue
stamp instead of an inspector's stamp.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Lieutenant
Joseph C. Breckinridge, for allowance of pay
for the period during which he actually served
as aid-de-camp on the staff of General Nelson
and General Thomas prior to his muster into
the service of the United States.
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of Willy Wood-
bridge, of Savannah, Georgia, for relief in the
matter of captured cotton.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of citi-
zens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
representing that Salmon P. Chase, Chief Jus-
tice of the United States, and William Pitt
Fessendex, Senator from the State of Maine,
on tho trial of Andrew Johnson on the arti-
cles of impeachment presented by the House
of Representatives, did violence to the loyal
sentiment of tho nation, and gave "aid and
comfort" to the spirit of the rebellion that
attempted to destroy our Government; that,
relying upon their assumed integrity and for-
mer professions of loyalty, the proper authori-
ties, in the issue of Government currency,
placed the likenesses of the said Chase and
Fessenden, respectively, upon the one dollar
and the twenty-five cent notes. The peti-
tioners believing the said likenesses on said
notes, in all business and social relations, do
violence to the sense of decency of the com-
munity, therefore ask that Congress shall recall
all such notes, aad prohibit the further issue
of notes of said denominations, until the like-
nesses of said offensive persons are removed
therefrom, and their places supplied by those
of men enjoying the confidence of the loyal
people of the nation.
By Mr. BURR: The petition of Solomon
M. Murphy, for compensation for horse lostin
service. Also, affidavits accompanying.
By Mr. GETZ : Three petitions^ from citi-
zens of Berks county, Pennsylvania, for the
establishment of a new mail route from Oley
to Lyons' station, via Green Hill, New Jeru-
salem, and Drysville, in said county.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Berks
county, Pennsylvania, for the establishment of
a new mail route from Oley to Douglassville,
via Yellow House and Amityyille, in said
county.
Also, a memorial from cigar manufacturers,
journeymen cigar-makers, dealers in cigars,
and growers of tobacco, protesting against the
increase of the internal tax on cigars to ten
dollars per thousand, and recommending the
collection of the revenue on cigars by revenue
stamps, instead of inspector's stamps.
By Mr. HILL: The protest of 45 soldiers of
the late volunteer army of the United States,
citizens of Boonton, New Jei-sey, against the
passage of an act to equalize the bounties of
soldiers, sailors, and marines who served in
the late war for the Union, which was pre-
sented to the House of Representatives by
Hon. H. D. Washburn, from the Committee
on Military Affairs.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petitions of Bowerman Brothers and others,
merchants in New York and Baltimore, for
an amendment of the warehouse law, so as
not to subject tea, coffee, sugars, molasses,
and spices remaining in bonded warehouses
more than one year to any additional duty.
By Mr. 1IOTCHKISS: The petition of
James Gallagher and 40 others, citizens of New
Haven, Connecticut, in reference to tax on
cigars.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of P.
15. Roach and 80 others, residents of the county
of Alexandria, for aid in the construction of a
bridge over the aqueduct across the Potomac
rivei at Georgetown.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of the Phil-
adelphia Board of Trade, praying Congress to
grant the requisite subsidy to complete the
Kansas Pacific railway.
Also, the petition of Mary A. Amer, widow
of John Amer, late unassigned recruit for
ninety-seventh regiment Pennsylvania volun-
teers.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
The petition and document of Captain J. H.
Eustis, for additional allowance tor carryisg
mails in the State of Louisiana.
By Mr. NIBLACK: A memorial of George
Fendrich and 15 others, of Vincennes, Indi-
ana, remonstrating against the proposed in-
crease of tax on cigars.
By Mr. OR.TII: The petition of Markley
Brothers and others, of La Fayette, Indiana,
in reference to tax on cigars.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Frederick
Sipel, for bounty.
Ry Mr. PERIIAM: The petition of Hugo
Eichholtz, late of the fifteenth New York heavy
artillery, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Martin Bnrke, late a
sergeant in the fifteenth New York heavy
artillery.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The
petition of manufacturers of lumber along the
frontier from logs imported from Canada, ask-
ing a reduction of duty.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The
petition of cigar manufacturers and dealers in
Illinois, asking that the tax on cigars be col-
lected by means of revenue stamps.
Also, the petition of Dr. P. Gray, C. Trues-
dale, J. M. Buford, P. L. Cable, and 2,000
others, in favor of the early construction of a
railroad and wagon bridge across the Missis-
sippi river at Rock Island.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 30, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memorial of the Board of Trade of Philadel-
phia, praying aid for the completion of the
Kansas Pacific railway ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WILSON. I present, Mr. President, a
remonstrance of James M. Beebe & Company
and a large number of mercantile firms of the
city of Boston, remonstratiagagainst the House
bill pending in the Senate for the amendment
of the bankrupt law. They set forth that the
bankrupt law has been detrimental to the com-
mercial interests of-the country, aad that the
proposed change will be very injurious to the
business interests of the country. I move the
reference of the remonstrance to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a memorial of
importers and business men of the city of New
York, remonstrating against the amendment to
the bankrupt bill by which any extension of
time may bjgranted. They represent thatthe
bankrupt law has, in its practical working,
proved detrimental to the commercial interests
of the country, and that to enlarge the time
within which debtors may avail themselves of
its provisions, irrespective of the provision
requiring their assets to pay fifty per cent, of
the claims against their estates, a,s nowin force,
will be productive of serious injury to trade
and business, without securing any public ben-
efit or advantage to compensate therefor. This
memorial is verp respectably signed by some
of the largest business firms in New Yrork. I
commend it to the consideration of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which I move its
reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a remonstrance
on the same subject, signed by Alexander T.
Stewart & Company; Hoyt, Sprague & Com-
pany ; Hunt, Tillinghast & Company, and a
very large list of most respectable merchants
of New York, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the bill by the Senate, which has
already passed the House of Representatives,
for extending the time under the fifty per
cent, provision of tho bankrupt law. I move
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
Elizabeth S. Lathrop, widow of Colonel S. H.
Lathrop, of the regular Army, who died last
fall, of yellow fever, in Texas. She is left in a
very destitute condition with one child, and
she prays for an increase of her pension. It
is a case of hardship, within my personal
knowledge, and I hope the committee may be
able to grant her some relief. I move tho
reference of the petition to the Cosnmittee on
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also present a remon-
strance, similar in character to those presented
by other Senators, against the modification of
the bankrupt act. 1 move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a me-
morial of citizens of New York citv, remon-
strating^ against any extension of the time
limited in the law for commencing proceedings
in bankruptcy : which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY. As there seem to be no
further petitions, I move that the Senate resume
the consideration of the joint resolution yes-
terday reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to present a peti-
tion.
