1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2687
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator allow
me to get up the joint resolution, and then I
will yield for the purpose he indicatoe ? >1 make
a motion that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to do it at this time. The
Senator from Minnesota asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to proceed t,o the con-
sideration of the jointresolution (S. B. No. 137)
extending the time for the completion of the
Northern Pacific railroad. Is there any objec-
tion?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish, on that motion,
to make one remark.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object, and
that will end the matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution cannot be considered
at this time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to say that
I object to all business Out of order.
Mr. CONKLING-. I present a petition of
citizens of western New York engaged in the
business of importing Canadian round timber
and manufacturing lumber from Canadian round
timber, praying that the duty upon saw-logs and
round timber for American mills be repealed;
and that the duty upon Canadian common lum-
ber, and upon all grades of Canadian lumber
below common shall be equal to the Canadian
export duty upon saw-logs intended for Ameri-
can mills, with a provision that if said export
duties are increased or diminished the duty
upon Canadian lumber shall be increased or
diminished in the same proportion. I move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
smithsonian institution report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for
printing the report of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, have instructed me to report it back with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage,
and lo ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution :
Revolved, That fire thousand additional copies of
tho report of the Smithsonian Institution for the
yeai 1S07 be printed—three thousand for the usg of
tho Senate and two thousand for tlie institution—
and tha,tsaid report be stereotyped: Provided, That
the ag?re?-ate number of pages of said report shall
not cxceed four hundred and fifty, without illustra-
tions, except those furnished by the institution.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. T suppose that all these
resolutions that appropriate money out of the
contingent fund should be considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. A resolution for printing
is never considered in Committee of the Whole.
A resolution appropriating money for printing,
which comes out of the appropriation that is
already made for the general support of the
printing establishment, is never considered in
Committee of the Whole, unless it is a joint
resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
j. ross browne's report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to print fifteen
thousand copies of the report of J. Ross
Browne on the mineral resources of the States
and Territories west of the Rocky mountains,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment, and recommend its passage, and
to ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Jirsnhcd, That fifteen thousand copies ofthereporfc
0i J. Ross Browne on the mineral resources of the
States and Territories west of the Rocky mountains
be printed for the uso of the Senate.
The Committtee on Printing reported the
resolution, with an amendment, in line one to
strike out "fifteen" and insert "ten,and
also to strike out the words "for the use of the
Senate" and insert "of which One thousand
shall be for the use of the State Department
for'foreign distribution, one thousand for the
use ofthe Treasury Department, and one hun-
dred for J. Ross Browne;" so as to make the
resolution read:
liet&fved, That ten thousand copies of tho report
of J. Itoss Browne on the mineral resources of tho
States and Territories west of the Rocky mountains
be printed, of which one thousand shall be for tho
use of the State I)epartment for foreign distribution,
one thousand for the use of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and one hundred for J. Ross Browne.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee.
_ Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask a ques-
tion of the chairman of the committee before
the vote is taken on the amendment. I had a
resolution referred to that committee provid-
ing that a like number of the report of James
W. Taylor upon the gold regions east of the
Rocky mountains should be published and
bound along with this report. I wish to ask
the chairman ef the Committee on Printing if
they took that into coasideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes; but the report of
Mr. Taylor has not yet been furnished to the
Senate, and we were unable to make any esti-
mate upon it, and this report is quite as large
as should be in one volume. The other can
be published separate.
Mr. RAMSEY. This report of Mr. Browne
was not made to the Senate, but to the House,
I understand.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, it was made to the
Senate the other day. I have a word to say
about this resolution, as this is a publication
in which a great many Senators, particularly
western Senators, have manifested great inter-
est. The original resolution was for the print-
ing of fifteen thousand copies. There was an
amendment offered by the Senator from Ne-
vada [Mr. Stewart] to place two thousand
copies in addition at the disposal of the author
of the report. The ground of that amendment,
I believe, was that a number of persons from
whom Mr. Browne had received information
would have no other compensation than a copy
of this book which he might be able to send to
them; and also that from the time he had
ceased his labors upon this duty, and had ceased
to draw his salary, and before he had com-
menced upon the mission to which he has been
lately appointed, he had been occupied in
getting the work through the press, and that
there was no appropriation made providing for
any compensation for that labor, and this will
be a compensation to him. It is not without
precedent to place a few copies of a report that
a man has prepared at considerable labor, at
his own disposal, as a sort of compliment, and
the committee have followed that rule here.
If Mr. Browne is entitled to any compensation,
and that is a matter upon which the commit-
tee have no evidence 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has he not
been receiving salary a.ll the time?
Mr. ANtHONY. No, sir. It did not occur
to the Committee on Printing that that was a
propej/subject for them to consider, but that
it slirfuld go to the Committee on Claims. At
all events, it should not be paid for in barter ;
ty&ould be paid for by money if he is entitled
any compensation ; and that is a matter we
had no reason to act upon. One thousand
copies are placed at the disposal of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, which probably will meet
with the same designation as though they were
in the hands of the commissioner.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Secretary of State,
is it not?
Mr. ANTHONY. One thousand copies are
placed in the hands of the Secretary of State
for foreign distribution, and one thousand in
the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury for
distribution, which reduces the number for dis-
tribution among Senators to seventy-nine hun- ,
dred. j
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of the j
chairman of the Committee on Printing what ;
number of last year's report of J. Ross Browne j
was published ? t
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe it was ten thou-
sand, but I am not certain.
Mr. COLIC. If my recollection serves me,
the number was increased after the first order*
Mr. ANTHONY. It was.
Mr. COLE. And I think probably the
demand for these reports may be s® great as to
produce that necessity again. I regret that, the
number has been reduced by the committee
below what the resolution called for in the
present case; The number for distribution by
the Senate is now seven thousand and some
odd hundred, but I am sure the demand will
exceed the amount. The demand for these
reports has been very great thus far. I have
received myself a great many letters asking for
them from all parts of the United States. They
are useful not only to the people on this side
ofthe Rocky mountains, but also to those on
the other side. They contain a vast amount
of information which can be obtained from no
other source. Everybody, I think, is anxious
to learn about that unknown country west of
the Rocky mountains which has not heretofore
been explored, and this report affords about
the only source of information with regard to
it. I regret, therefore, that the committee
have not seen fit to publish the number called
for in the first instance.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is within the power
of the Senate. If they desire a larger number,
they can so vote. If the work had not been
very valuable, in the opinion of the committee,
they would not have reported in favor of the
printing of so large a number as they have pro-
posed. It is a much larger number than they
report in favor of printing of any document.
As to the demand, I will say that there is always
a great demand for books that are given away,
especially good books, as this is; and if we
undertake to supply the demand, the appetite
will certainly increase by what it is fed on. I
think so large an edition as this will supply, if
judiciously distributed, nearly all the legitimate
demand, and extracts from the work will be
reproduced, I presume, in various forms. Still,
it is a matter in which the western Senators are
more particularly interested, and if they desire
a larger number I shall make no objection.
Mr. COLE. These publications are made
by Congress only, I believe, to meet the public
demand. Theie is no other purpose for which
such works are published by Congress, and if
the demand is great I suppose it ought to be
satisfied. We publish no books merely for the
sake of publishing them and laying them away.
We publish them to supply the demand.
Tfie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the first amendment,.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I hope
that thatamendment, reducing the amount from
fifteen to ten thousand, will not be adopted,
because I think that no work has been pub-
lished by the authority of Congress since I have
been here that is of so much value to the coun-
try as this work of Mr. J. Ross Browne. No
doubt there is a very great demand for the
work; and that, perhaps, is no criterion as
to its value; but it is a very elaborate and
thorough exposition of the mineral, and, to
some extent, of the agricultural resources of
the entire Pacific coast. It contains more
information, in my judgment, as to the mining
resources of the country than all the other
books that have ever been published in the
United States; and if there is any information
that Congress can furnish to the people of
value it is information as to these mines, for
there is nothing in which the country is so
deeply interested as in the development of our
gold and silver mines. This work will be valu-
able for distribution in every part ofthe Union ;
valuable for distribution in foreign countries.
It contains an account of every considerable
mine that has been opened and worked upon
the Pacific coast; and it shows how men can
profitably engage in mining, and how the gold
and silver that are embedded in the mountains
of the Pacific coast may be brought into use#
Much of the documents that are published here
are of little or no value, containing speeches
