1868.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
40tii Cong....2dSess.
Impeachment—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
rally turns to the Senate for protection against
the removal, which a proper sense of honor
should compel him to avoid by an immediate
resignation. He becomes a satellite and par-
tisan of the Senate, and transfers his alle-
giance from his constitutional chief to them.
'The very fountains of confidence, private and
personal honor, are corrupted, demoralization
intervenes, and the people suffer.
Mr. Speaker, these great dangers were dis-
tinctly iorcseen by the framers of the Consti-
tution, and guarded against by them both in
that great instrument and in the practical
organization ot' the Departments of the Gov-
ernment by the first Congress in 1789. In
the act of August 7, 1789, organizing the War
Department, the exclusive power of the Presi-
dent to remove the Secretary is distinctly and
expressly recognized. That contemporary con-
struction of the Constitution has been ever
since acquiesced in by the people, recognized
by the courts, adopted by every Executive,
and has never failed to protect and promote
the public welfare. The Congress by which
this construction was adopted was preemi-
nently qualified to construe the Constitution,
bccause very many of its ablest members were
also members of the convention by which it
was framed. Mr. Madison was a member,
and during the discussion of the subject in
the House in 178'J he indulged in the following
exceedingly forcible and just reflections:
_ " In another point ot view it is proper that this
interpretation should now take place rather than at
atuno when the exigency of the ease mayrequirethe
exercise of the power of removal. At present the
disposition of every gentleman is to seek the truth
and abide by its guidance when it id discovered. 1
have reason to believe the same disposition prevails
in the {Senate. Iiut will this be the case when some
individual oilicer of high rank draws into question
the capacity ot the President, with the Senate, to
ctcect his removal ? If we leave the Constitution to
take its coarse it can never be expounded until the
X^ie&ident dha.ll think it expedient tu exeieise the
right ot removal it he suppose* he lias it; then the
Senate may be induced to set up their pretensions.
And will they decide so calmly as at this time, when
110 important otlicer in any ol the great. Departments
is appointed to influence their judgment? The
imagination ot no member here or of the {Senate or
ot the President himself is heated or disturbed by
faciiqn. Tf ever a proper moment lor decision should
offer it must be one like the present.''—Annals oj
Congress, vol, l,j)age 517.
Mr. Madison, in the same debate, further
said:
"On the constitutionality of the declaration of
presidential power I ha\ e 110 maimer of doubt.''
The most distinguished men in that Con-
gress sustained the same views, and they were
incorporated into the laws then enacted. Need
I add that they are worthy of profound respect?
That they announce the true interpretation of
the Constitution on this great question seems
to me to be so clear as to remove all serious
doubt. The unvarying subsequent practice of
the Government eeitamly establishes that con-
struction, and reduces the civil-tenure law to
the character of a law enacted for the accom-
plishment of mere partisan ends. 13ut gentle-
men should be able to point the country not
only to a law whose validity is clear, but espe-
cially to such overwhelming proofs of crimin-
ality as remove all doubt ot' guilt, before they
shock the country and surprise the civilized
world by the removal of a Chief Magistrate
legally chosen by the people and fill his place
with a man never chosen by the people—a man
chosen to another office by the people of a
single State, and now repudiated by his own
constituency.
But I invite special attention to another
citation, bearing directly upon this point and
affecting one of the parties to this contro-
versy. I read from the message of the Presi-
dent to the Senate giving his reasons for the
suspension of Mr. Stanton in the first instance,
and every statement I read remains wholly
uncontradicted, and cannot be truthfully eon-
tiadicted. fie says:
"That tonurc-of-offiee law did not pass without
notice. Like other acts it was sent to the President
tor approval. As is my custom, X submitted its con-
sideration to my Cabinet for their advice upon the
question whether 1 should approve it or not. It was
a grave question of constitutional law, in which I
would, ot course, rely most upon the opinion of the
Attorney General, and of Mr. Stanton, who had once
been Attorney General.
" Every member of my Cabinet advised me that the
proposed law was unconstitutional. All spoke with-
out doubt or reservation, but Mr. Stanton's con-
demnation of the law was the most elaborate and
emphatic, lie referred to the constitutional provis-
ions, tlii e debates in Congress, especial ly to th o speech
ot Mr. Buchanan when a Senator, to the decisions of
the Supremo Court, and to the usage fromthebegin-
ning of the Government, through every successive
Administration, all concurring to establish the right
of removal as vested by the Constitution in tlie Pres-
ident. To all these he added the weightof his own
deliberate judgment, and advised me that it was my
duty to defend thepowerof thePresidentfrom usur-
pation and to veto the law."
Mr. Stanton is forever estopped to question
the patriotism of the President for desiring his
removal, or to say that in removing him he has
committed any high crime or misdemeanor,
lie must be faithless, indeed, who can thus
advise his chief, and then seek advantage by
repudiating his own advice, his own judgment.
Such conduct involves a degree of moral and
political self-stultilication never surpassed.
His partisan supporters cannot avoid the odium
of becoming voluntary parties to it, if not par-
ticipants in it.
But, for the purposes of this argument, it
becomes necessary to admit the validity of
that law. Then let us examine its provisions,
and especially those alleged to have been vio-
lated by the President. The act itself is enti-
tled "An act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices." Its first and most material sec-
tion reads as follows:
"Sec. 1. Every person holrtinsrany official office to
which ho has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, ami every person who
shall hereafter be appointed to such oiheo, and shall
becotno duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such othcc until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and dul> tjuali-
fi■■■:], except as herein otlieru ise provided :
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasuiy, of War,
of the Kavy, and of the interior, the Postmaster
General, and the Attorney Ceneral, &lia!l hold their
offices respectively ior and during the term of the
President by whom they may have been appointed
and for one mouth theicaltei, subject to removal by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
It is charged that the President has violated
this section by the removal of Mr. Stanton.
Let it be remembered that Mr. Stanton was
never appointed by President Johnson. Ho
was appointed by President Lincoln during his
first term, about seven years ago, and has
never been reappointed by any one since. Is
the present Executive guilty "of high crimes
and misdemeanors'' by reason of his removal?
Sir, what constitutes crime? It is composed
of two elements, both of wlucli must coexist
and be established l_>3' proof 111 every case be-
fore there can be any conviction. There must
be the criminal act and the criminal intent to
violate the law. lias either element been
shown to exist against the President in this
case? 1 assert, with the utmost sincerity and
confidence, that there has not been and can-
not be. It is assumed by the distinguished
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] that the
President possesses no power of construction
whatever; that that power, in every form and
degree, belongs to the judiciary, and that if
the law is admitted to be unconstitutional it is
still the duly of the President, without ques-
tion, to execute it. These positions, sir, arc
plausible but not tenable, llie humblest offi-
cer ever charged by law with the performance
of any executive or ministerial duty, by the
very necessities which attend all human con-
duct, is compelled first to construe the law.
unless it has previously received authoritative
judicial construction, and then, according to
his construction, to execute it. If the law, in
its terms and requirements is so clear and spe-
cific as not to admit of construction at all. then
if is the duty of the officer to execute it accord-
ingly; but human laws are not. always, are not
generally, so framed. When they are not :
when they arc in terms ambiguous and their
true legal meaning is uncertain, the duty of
construction becomes as imperative as the
duty of execution. In such cases misconstruc-
tion by the officer charged with the execution
of the law is attributed to error of judgment,
and not to a wicked intent to violate the law.
Error of judgment is not crime, and is not pun-
ishable as such. The party who may consider
himself injured thereby can always find redress
by appeals or applications to the courts of jus-
tice.
Mr. Speaker, these rules and principles ap-
ply with singular appropriateness and force to
the conduct of the President under the civil-
tenure act.^ The first section of that act is
ambiguous in its terms, uncertain in its mean-
ing, susceptible of several constructions by
equally honest and intelligent men or jurists,
and presents a case in which presidential inter-
pretation in the first instance became, therefore,
an imperative duty. The most cursory analysis
of that section discloses the fact that the heads
of Departments are expressly excepted from
the terms of the first part of it, and that the
tenure of their offices, so far as it is fixed at all,
is made different from that of other officers by
the proviso to the section. They—
"Shall hold their offices respectively for and during
the term of the President by whom they may havo
been appointed, and for one month thereafter, subject
to removal sooner by and with the advice and con-
sent ot the Senate."
Mr. Stanton was not appointed by President
Johnson. What effect then does that proviso
have upon him ? Does it prolong his tenure
indefinitely so that he can never be removed
unless the Senate happen to concur in the pro-
priety of a removal? Or does it leave him to
hold his position in the Cabinet at the mere
pleasure of the President with a right of re-
moval at any time under the Constitution aud
the preexisting practice of the Government? Or
does it absolutely, in legal effect, legislate him
out of office? The act only purports to fix the
tenure of Cabinet officers who were appointed
by the President in whose Cabinet they are
members. It certainly does not in terms em-
brace Mr. Stanton. It is not just or reason-
able to infer that the intention of the law-
makers was to compel the President to retain
in his council an oilicer whom li£ does not
choose. An interpretation obnoxious to so
many objections ought not to be accepted
unless made so elcar by the terms of the law
as to admit of no doubt. I think the only fair
and rational construction that can be given to
the act is, that it was the intention of Congress
to leave the President at liberty to remove at
pleasure any officer in his Cabinet not chosen
by himself. This construction is, at least, in
harmony with decency, official propriety, and
the clear personal rights of the President.
The others are not.
It is also in exact harmony with the con-
struction placed upon the act by Senator Sher-
man when the bill was on its passage in the
Senate, lie, in reply to the suggestions of a
Senator, that it would prevent the President
from removing the Secretaries whom he did
notappoint, (Secretaries Stanton, Seward, and
Welles,J said:
" That the Senate had no such purpose is shownby
its vote twice tomakethis exception. That this pro-
vibion does not apply to the presonteaso is shown by
the tact that its language is so framed as not to apply
to the present President, 'llie Senator shows that
himself, and argues truly that it v, oukt not prevent
tho present President hum removing the Secretary
of \\ ar, the Secretary of the Xavy, and the Secre-
tary ol i^tate. Audit 1 aupposedtnateitherofthese
gentlemen was to wanting in manhood, in honor, as
to hold his place after the politer intimation by the
President of the U luted States that his services were
no longer needed, 1 certainly, as a Senatoi, would
consent to his removal at any time, and so would wo
all."
Yet, when the President, acting upon the
suggestions thus made by the^ distinguished
Radical Senator from Ohio, politely requested
Mr. Stanton to resign, he peremptorily refused,
and when the President suspended him, and
reported his reasons therefor to the Senate*
