280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
me the information that was inquired for in my
former inquiry as to whether there is not a law
or regulation which limits the amount which
shall be expended for newspapers for the mem-
bers of the House ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, I think there is
a statute as far back, perhaps, as 1845, which
provides that neither House shall draw from
the contingent fund money for any other pur-
pose than that which is expressly specified in
the appropriation. This deliciency does not
seem to have resulted from a misapplication
of the fund, but from the fact of having ex-
pended more money than was appropriated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But if they expended
more than was appropriated I should be glad
to have the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations inform me out of what fund
they got the money to spend. Does he mean
that the Clerk or disbursing officer of the House
of Representatives has advanced this money
out of his pocket, Or is it a sum due by him to
somebody who has furnished newspapers on
credit ?
' Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is due, as I
understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The debt is incurred
under the order of the House, and there is no
money to pay it with, and hence it is necessary
to make an appropriation to pay the debt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely what I
am endeavoring to find out. We seem to have
lost ourselves in the proviso without attending
to the appropriation. I hope to be able to get
some information about that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that this
bill provides not only for a deficiency in the
current fiscal year, but for supplies for the
coming year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not exactly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I so understood the chair-
man before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I was a little
in error in the statement I made just now. I
think this deficiency rises as the deficiency in
our contingent expenses for clerks of commit-
tees, &c., arose. The July session being held,
they spent the fund for newspapers that was
appropriated in advance for the year, and now
it is necessary to provide for the present ses-
sion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do not Senators see the
absurdity we are involved in by the present
position of the bill? How does it read? For
newspapers $12,000, provided that no member
or Senator shall draw either the newspapers or
the money I
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator voted to
have it, so let him fix it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only difficulty is that
the Senator from Minnesota did not go back
far enough. He should complete the work by
striking out the provision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is what I rose to
suggest.
Mr. SHERMAN. As it now stands we are
involved in the absurd position of appropriat-
ing" $12,500 for newspapers, and then declar-
ing that no member or Senator shall get either
the money or the newspapers. If so, of what
use will the appropriation of $12,500 be?
Mr. RAMSEY. The impression of the Sen-
ate was that the appropriation was for some
past expenditure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not drawn any-
thing for newspapers, nor have I ordered my
newspapers yet for this session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I suggest
to my friend, seeing the predicament in which
.we are, that he or some one else who is in a
position to do so shall move a reconsideration
of the vote on the amendment of tfae Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that we can rem-
edy it in another way, and that is by striking
out this appropriation. I make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to suggest
to the Senator from Minnesota that be should
complete his work by striking out the appro-
priation.
Mr. RAMSEY. I make that motion.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves to amend the bill
by striking out line twenty-one, which is in
these words:
For newspapers, $12,500.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to know
what will support the proviso then. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest also
that the newspapers have unquestionably been
ordered, and the Representatives are now re-
ceiving them. They have been ordered by the
House under the existing law or regulation that
they may have a certain amount per session.
Mr. CAMERON. It strikes me that it is
properthat the appropriation should bo stricken
out, and for various reasons. I supposed when
this bill was presented that it was for deficien-
cies alone ; but this seems to be an appropria-
tion for newspapers for the next year, because
last year the money was furnished by the appro-
priations for that year. At all events we should
do nothing now in this bill but pay something
that is due. We should confine ourselves to
that legislation which will pay our debts, as
honorable people ought always to do, and make
no further appropriation. It is always wrong
to put future appropriations in bills for deli-
ciencies.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senate will
not be willing to strike out the appropriation,
inasmuch as the papers no doubt have been
ordered by the House, and they must be paid
for. The proviso which we have adopted cer-
tainly will not prevent the members of the
House receiving the papers already contracted
for under existing law. We had better dispose
of this question as a matter of business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I must insist now
on calling up the bill to repeal the cotton tax,
as I have a right to do. I think it will be neces-
sary to have this clause examined by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, so as to put it in
proper shape. I hope, therefore, this bill will
be laid aside, and that the cotton tax bill, which
is the special order, will be taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Letusfinish
this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senate will con-
sider and dispose of this bill. I have no doubt
that by the amendment which we have put on
we have got it somewhat involved ; but let us
pass it and send it to the House of Represent-
atives, and there it will be corrected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought to send
the bill in perfect shape. We ought not to send
it in its present shape.
Mr. GRIMES. If we do not act on the appro-
priation bill now it will be lost.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; if the other bill is
taken up I shall consent to give way whenever
the Committee on Appropriations is ready to
finish this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To yield this
bill now is to sacrifice it for the session. We
cannot do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be put in
proper form, then, before it is passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And that is what
I have been attempting to do, but I think the
honorable Senator has been contributing some-
thing himself toward putting it in its present
shape.
Mr. SHERMAN. No more than the rest.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All have had
something to do with it. That the thing is
absurd now is apparent to everybody, I believe.
Mr. CONNESS. t I wish to ask the Senator
from.Maine if he will give way to a motion to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and he can finish his speech to-morrow?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I am not
going to make a speech. I want to pass this
bill. I do not propose to say a word only to
insist that the bill shall be passed in some way
that it may go to a committee of conference.
If the Senate are willing to send so absurd a
proposition as this to the other House I do not
stand here to object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw that for a
little while. I hope we can settle this matter.
I want to get a vote on the cotton bilL to-night,
or else have it postponed. I hope we shall
vote on this now.
Mr. DRAKE. When I voted a little while
ago for the amendment which was put upon
this bill, and then voted against striking it
out, I was satisfied that I was in the condition
of a number of other Senators on this floor,
who did not really desire to take away from
the members of this body and of the House of
Representatives any allowance whatever for
newspapers and stationery. { am of opinion
that both those questions were voted upon in
the way they were with a view to send the bill
back to the House of Representatives, with an
inti mation from this body that we could man-
age our own expenditures for newspapers and
stationery without any assistance from that
quarter. But, sir,- we are now put in the
position of appearing to be entering upon a
rivalry with the House of Representatives as
to which of us can make the most buncombe
out of propositions of this kind.; and in order
to get out of that position I move a reconsid-
eration of the last vote, if that is necessary, or
of the vote which adopted the amendment of
the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. SUMNER. Reconsider the last vote;
that will do.
Mr. DRAKE, I will inquire of the Chair
by which motion the thing can be got at. I
voted for the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] and then against
that of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Shmner.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending, moved by the Senator
from Minnesota, to strike out the appropria-
tion. It is not in order now to make any other
motion until that is disposed of.
Mr. RAMSEY. My amendment is pending
to strike out the appropriation for newspapers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the pending amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, in connection with
that amendment of the honorable Senator
from Minnesota, I would repeat the remark
■which I have just made. I have no idea that it
is the intention of any Senator on this floor to
say that the Government of the United States
shall not furnish him with stationery while he
is in the performance of his duties. I think
this matter has gone far enough to indicate the
sense of the Senate in regard to the thing. I
am against this amendment, and as soon as it
is disposed of I will move a reconsideration of
the other vote.
Mr. GRIMES. I tope the Senator from
Minnesota will withdraw this amendment, and
let the Senator from Missouri make his motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. How does the Senator from
Missouri expect to accomplish his purpose?
It seems to me the best course is to adopt my
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Missouri
can accomplish his object and make his motion
for reconsideration if the Senator from Minne-
sota will withdraw his motion to strike out the
appropriation embraced in these two lines.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no desire to accommo-
date the Senator from Missouri in that respect.
I think the action of the Senate is right, and I
do not wish to undo what we have done.
Mr. DRAKE. I will wait until the question
is taken on this amendment, and then I will
make a motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota.
The amendment was rejected; there being
on a division—ayes 17, noes 18.
