1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
he would let us have, and try to borrow more. There
was a proposition made to us that if we would enlist
in the rebel army they would let us out of jail; but
R. R. Butlor opposed it, and told us to hold on, and
that he would get us out in a few days. We were all
taken before Judge Humphreys, a rebel judge, and
R. R. Butler did all he couid to have us released."
Another witness, Collings, testifies as follows:
"Myself and thirteen other Union men were ar-
rested in Carter county and taken by the rebels to
Nashville and put in jail. R. R. Butler came to the
jail and asked us how we were getting along. We
told him that the jailor had taken all our money;
that we were suffering for tobacco and something to
oat. R. R, Butlor said we should not sutfer while he
had a cent of money or could borrow it, and went
and brought us bread and other necessaries; and R.
R. Butler came to the jail every daj% and continued
to provide for our "wants. A rebel captain came to
the jail every day and tried to get us to volunteer in
the rebel army, promising to have us released from
i'ail if we would volunteer in the rebel army. R. R.
Jutler heard of the proposition, came immediately to
the jail, and told us not to do so; that he would get
us out in a tew days; also, R. R. Butler sent Captain
L. Joues to the jail to tell us not to volunteer in the
rebel army. Some two or three did volunteer, and
when Butler heard of it he was much displeased. In
a few days he did procure our rcleasement, and said
Butler furnished me some money to come home on."
If the House will bear with me a moment
more I desire now to unfold the bosom of this
man during those days in a private letter which
he wrote on the 8th of January of that year,
when engaged in this very work—a letter
which had slept unbeknown to him or to any-
body else until these questions raised here
brought it out. It is a revelation of what he
was doing and how he was doing it and what
was prompting it. I would rather be the author
of this letter and spread it in the columns of
the Globe than anything which, in the peace-
ful quiet of my life during this momentous
war, I have been able to put there for my
children to find when they look back to the
record of what I have done for my country in
these perilous times:
Knoxvillk, Tennessee, January 8,1862.
Deah Sir: Having an opportunity, I send a few
lines to you by old man Jesse Price, who I know will
deliver thera without tailing into rebel hands: for if
this letter is captured by the rebels you and I both
go up. Poor old lellow; he had a hard time in jail
here—nearly starved to death before I could get him
out. Ohl the suffering of the Union men; myhcart
bleeds for them. I am doing all within my power
for them. I had a hard time in getting old man
Price, his son, and son-m-law, out of jail; I had to
use any amount of deception with old Judge Hum-
phreys, who is the bitterest secessionist in Tennes-
see; he raves like a madman, aud is as bloody as a
savago. I will get a good many out this week, un-
less some rebel comes down from our county and
interleres with my arrangements. This week some
twenty-two or three Union men from Hancock were
sent to Tuscaloosa prison. Poor fellows; X did all I
could for them, although they were strangers to me;
I trust that their health may be preserved aud they
may be permitted to return home and be honored
for their patriotism. What will become of the
Union men of East Tennessee God only knows, un-
less the Federal Army soon coincs to our relief; but
let us stand firm for the Union, come what will, ibr
in the end we will be triumphant.
Things look gloomy now, but 1 have confidence in
my Government, and certainly it will not much longer
pormit Union men to be hung, shot, and torlured in
all conceivable ways. 1 think a change will soon
take place; if not, wo will have to get out of East
Tennessee, and that is hard to do, as they guard all
the roads and paths, and kill all the Union men they
capture. If we do not get relief soon by the Federal
Army we had better try to get to Kentucky, for we
cannot remain here much longer, at least such men
as you and myself, for they arc watching me very
cioscly, and I will not be disappointed if I am ar-
rested at any moment, but I am facing up the best I
can. Old Humphreys thinks I atn a pretty good
soulhei ii man, and I do not care what he thinks if X
can get our Union men out of piLson, for they are
starving. I have let them have every cent of money
I had and borrowed from Sam. Morrow, a trueman.
If the Federal Army do not soon comc into EaftTen-
nessee by the time I come home we must get our
Union men to Kentut'kysomehow. 1 think it can bo
done by letting on that wo are raising a regiment for
the confederate army, and when we get four or live
hundred, which we easily can, we can arm them as
best we can and march them to Kentucky in spite of
the rebels. You, Simerly, and myself can in alow
days raise, that number, and we will start for Knox-
ville, and when we get to the nearest point to Ken-
tucky we can rush across the mountains; we will
have to bo quick when we commence, as the rebels
will find it out and wo go up. Old Jesse says he will
cat this letter before the rebels shall capture it. He
will not be interrupted, as he has? a pass. &ay to my
Union friends to stand firm, that we are right, and
time will prove it. I have had to do and say many
things that went hard with me, but God knows that
I am doing all in my power for the Union men, and
will do so, sink or swim, live or die; no position or
'money-that rebels haveown influence mo. I am with
the people of Johnson and Carter; their fate shall
bo mine; if they cro down I will go down with them.
I will closc, as I am writing on a leaf torn from a
book; the confederacy cannot alloid paper to write
upon; it is a nice arrangement. My compliments to
all. and accept tho same.
Yours truly, R. R. BUTLER.
Samuel IS. Northington, TaylorsvUle, Tennessee.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Was
that letter written while Mr. Butler was in the
Legislature at Nashville?
Mr. DAWES. While he was in the Legis-
lature at Nashville and going on a mission to
Knoxville to appear before the rebel Judge
Humphreys, and there rescue these men, his
fellow-citizens, from jail.
This poor man, Price, took this letter safely
to its destination and went to his home, but
upon the third day thereafter, he was found
hanging in a tree.
Mr. Speaker, I will close this part of this
case with a single further reference. Many of
the atrocities committed in that war will, I doubt
not, furnish themes for the historian and the
tragedian. Many of them have already found
place on the pages of history. I now call at-
tention to one of them, simply for the purpose
of connecting it with the course and conduct of
this man during these perilous times. I read
now from the book of that remarkable man,
Daniel Ellis, who enjoyed the confidence of all
the commanders of the Union Army in Ten-
nessee during the war ; who, as I have said be-
fore, was kept in secret service by them for
more than three years. He tells, among the
scenes through which he passed, and which
came to his knowledge, this thrilling story :
"A man by tho name of John Tilly also fell a vic-
tim to Bill Parker's vongeanco, and was savagely
murdered in the following manner: Tilly had been
scouting for some time, and one of his twin children
was taken violently ill, and was not expected to live;
he had come to the house to seo his sick child, and
was nursing it in his lap when Parker and his gang
of murderers rode up to his house, lie laid his child
down, and went out into the yard and surrendered,
when Parker drew out his pistol and Shot at him,
giving him a severe wound in the head. He was now
convinced that they intended to kill him, and asked
them only to allow him a few minutes to pray. But
they returned him no answer, andcontmuedto shoot
at him. The poor fellow now turned to run, but he
soon fell to the giound, his body having been pierced
through with ten balls. His wifenow ran toward her
murdered husband, screaming and crying with wild
and frantic agony, when one of these incarnate devils
seized hold of his gun and knocked her down by the
side of her dead husband. His little children cried
and begged for their father all the time, but as well
might they have raised their tiny hands and feeble
voices to calm the raging storm in its mad career, as
to endeavor to stop this gang of rebel demons in their
bloody work of murder. After waiting until their
victim had breathed his last, these manslayers went
on their way laughing at tho terrible misery they had
left behind them, and looking forward in search of
more human blood.
The children thus made orphans were cast
upon the cold and bitter world, without food,
and without shelter from the inclement season
and the winds of heaven. This man, Butler,
has put upon the record his testimony in rela-
tion to that case. lie has left upon record the
title deed of a house for these orphans, made
long ago, before any question of this character
was raised ; acknowledged and recorded before
he ever thought of a seat in Congress. Let me
read to this House a copy of this deed ;
Whereas John Tilly convoyed to mc, for and in
consideration of, the sum of £300 tohim paid, a tract
of land in theseeond civildistrictol Johnson county,
Tennessee, it being the laud conveyed to said Tilly's
heirs by Abraham Johnson, deceased, containing
about one and three fourth acres, it being the land
where said Tilly formerly lived, and where David S.
Turner now resides, On said land there is a small
house aud kitchen, which arc occupied by said Tur-
ner. The said laud adjoins the lands of Green Moore
and Abraham Johnson's heirs. And whei eas the said
John Tilly was a loyal citizen to the Government of
the United States, and was murdered by a band of
rebel thieves and murderers on account of his Union
sentiments; and whereas he left several orphan chil-
dren in destitute circumstances: 1, therefore, and in
consideration of said Tilly's devotion to the Govern-
ment of the United States, do hereby transler and
convey to Mary Tilly and Albert N. Tilly, rainorchil-
dren and hens-at-law of said John Tilly, deccasod,
all the right, title, interest, and claim that L have in
and to said land, together with appuitenanccs, to
have and to hold the same forever, this 11th dav of
September, 1865. 11. R. BUTLER.
Executed m our presence, this 11th day of Septem-
ber, 1865.
. 11. Donnelly.
K. Donnelly.
*.
{! State of Tennessee, Johnson County ;
| Personally appeared beforo mo, li. E. Berry, clerk
i. of the county couit of saideouuty, il. It. Butler, the
bargainer, with whom I am personally acquainted,
and who acknowledged that he mailo and executed
the within deed lor tho purposes contained therein.
Witness my hand, at ofhco, September 11.1865.
ROBEK/i' E. liKRRY, Clerk.
State op Tennessee, Johnmn County:
The foregoing deed, with tho clerk's certificate
annexed, was received September 11, lS6o, and duly
registered in this ofliee March 21, 18i>(i, at 5 o'clock p.
m., in book E, volume 5, page 65.
1JANIEL SLIMP,
Register Johnson County.
State of Tennessee, Johnson County:
I, Robert E. Berry, deputy register of Johnson
county, Tennessee, do hereby certify that the tore-
going is a correct transcript of the deed made and
executed by R. R. Butler to Mary and Albert N.
Tilly, together with the clerk's and register's certifi-
cates annexed thereto, as appears of record in the
register's otlice for s.iid county.
A. L. OROSSWHll'E, Register,
Per ROBERT il. BERRY, UepvJty Register.
January 1, 1808.
State of Tennessee, Johnson County:
I, Robert B. Berry, clerk of the county court of
said county, do hereby certify that A. b. Crosswhito
is the register of Johnson county, Tennessee, and
Robert Berry, whose signature appears to the
foregoing certificate, is the deputy register of said
county,and the signature appended to the foregoing
certificate is his genuine signsttuie.
In testimony whereof, I hereunto set fny hand and
afhx tho seal of the said court, at ofliee, in Xaylors-
ville, Tennessee, January 2, A. 1>. 18o3.
ROBEitT E. BERRY.
[l. s.] Clerk County Court-
I had rather have in ray family the record
of that deed, 1 had rather my children should
refer to that record as evidence of what their
father had done, than that they should refer to
any commission 1 have ever received to hold
a seat here in this House. Such, Mr. Speaker,
is the true, unvarnished, uncolored testimony
in reference to this man. Now, 1 come to the
question, What shall this House do with Mr.
Butler? Actuated by the motives here testi-
fied to, impelled by the wishes of such fellow-
citizens as have given this testimony in respect
to him, and with the idea that thereby he per-
haps could save the lives of some of them,
could save some of them from torture, and do
something for the great cause of the Union, he
went to that Legislature, and took the oath to
the confederacy.
The oath that your law requires shall bo
taken at the bar of this House is that the per-
son taking the oath has never occupied the
position which Mr. Butler has occupied. There-
fore, notwithstanding all these circumstances;
notwithstanding his character ibr loyalty, he
cannot take that oath, it is for you to say that
having endured all; having faced the enemies
of his country; having faced the perils of the
cannon's mouth and ail the perils that have en-
vironed a Union man, surrounded, as lie was,
by the rebels; having stood up against the jeers
and taunts of the enemy—it is lor you to say
whether he shall suffer a severer rebuke at the
hands of this Congress.
Mr. KEtUi obtained tho floor and said:
I move that the time of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] be extended.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Fauxs-
wokth.) If there be uo objection the tune of
the gentleman from Massachusetts will be
extended.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Mr Speaker, I know the
necessity which required the passage of that
test-oath act. I know its origin. I know
it was born in the conviction that it was a
necessity. But 1 have to say, Mr. Speaker,
in reference to that act, that all of us hoped
and believed when it was enacted that the
t.itne would come—we prayed that it might
come quickly we knew not how soon, but the
abiding faith of the patriot told us it would
come sooner or later—when the reproach upon
our fellow-citizens arising from the necessity
of having such an act upon the statute-book
might be removed. No mail believed that
it would come all at once ; that by a, miracle a
change of heart would be so wrought in the
whole southern country that in the twinkling
