2ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
of members and communications of different !
departments about political matters, which are
of very little consequence; but when a public-
ation of this kind, which concerns the mate-
rial interests of the country, which concerns
the mode and manner of developing and en-
riching the country, is published by authority
of Congress, I think that there ought to be a
liberal appropriation for the distribution of
the document. I think that is true in refer-
ence to the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office; it is worth more than
forty cart-loads of much that is published and
circulated here in Congress, and so with this
document.
For these reasons I tliink it would be an
economical expenditure of money to add the
five thousand to tea thousand. Certainly it
will not add very much to the expense; it is
only a small item. As 1 understand, after a
book is once set up and ready (or publication
it makes very little difference as to the number of
volumes published, and I hope that the Senate
will agree to publish thefifteen thousand copies.
Mr. ANTHONY. The expense is about a
dollar a copy. Senators are aware that by law
of Congress any person, bookseller or other,
who desires to have any documents printed by
Congress, can order them in advance at the
bare cost of paper and press-work, leaving out
the cost of type setting. If there is so great a
demand for tins work and it can be afforded so
cheap, I should suppose that, very likely, some
publishers in the West would like to avail them-
selves of this provision of the law, and could
do so profitably if the demand is so great.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the fact
stated by the Senator who has just taken his
seat is a matter that has been discussed for
years in the Committee on Printing, on which
committee I once had the honor to serve; but
it seems to me this would be a very good case
to refuse to print any extra copies at public
expense. At the instance of that committee
some years ago a law was enacted authorizing
the Public Printer to print copies of any public
document at cost, which might be ordered by
anybody. The Senator says that this is a very
valuable document, and probably it would jus-
tify a book publisher to publish it for sale on
private account; but if we publish an edition
of ten or fifteen thousand for gratuitous dis-
tribution, what bookseller would invest his
money in such an enterprise? He cannot
know in advance but that the gratuitous distri-
bution will supply the demand. If wo are ever
to get on to that principle of printing only so
many public documents as are needed by the
Government and Government officers, and
leave to private enterprise the publication of
the excess, this is a good work to begin with.
I have no doubt in the world that any enter-
prising bookseller might do well in publishing
this document; that is, in selling i8f ordering
it at naked cost from the Public Printer. If,
therefore, only the usual number were printed,
and no more Government money invested, I
have no doubt the work would attain as great
a circulation as will be secured by publishing
the large edition now proposed by the com-
mittee. I have no doubt that everything which
has been said of the value of this work is true,
that it will be of vast consequence to those
engaged in mining and who desire to make
investments in mines and mining; but, Mr.
President, what gentleman who desires to
engage in that branch of enterprise would not
pay a dollar out of his own pocket for a copy
of this work if it be as valuable as Senators
represent? It seems to me that this and
similar publications are the very ones to begin
on to strike off this unnecessary expenditure
of money from the public Treasury.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the next amendment, to add to
the resolution the words, "of which one thou-
sand shall be for the use of the State Depart-
ment, for foreign distribution, one thousand
for the use of the Treasury Department, and
one hundred for J. liuss Browne."
Mr. ANTHONY. If the total number is to
be increased to fifteen thousand, I have no
objection to placing a larger number than is
there proposed at the disposal of the author.
I suppose he can distribute them as well as
anybody.
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted under a misap-
prehension u. moment ago on the other amend-
ment: I supposed I was voting on an amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] to increase the number reported, and
voted no. I wish to vote for the report of
the committee. I will, therefore, move to
reconsider, if necessary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to reconsider the vote
by which the first, amendment, as to the num-
ber, was disagreed to.
The question being put, there were on a
division—aves 15. noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is a quo-
rum present. Let there be another division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will again put the question on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. COLE. I observe, by reference to^the
Journal of tho Senate, that on the 6th of Feb-
ruary, 1867, ton thousand copies of the report
made by Mr. Browne last year were ordered
to be printed for the use of the Senate. Now,
the work has been found to be of such great
public importance that it is provided that one
thousand copies of the present report shall be
given to the State Department for foreign dis-
tiibution, and one thousand to the Secretary of
the Treasury for distribution, leaving a much
less number for the use of the Senate than was
provided last year. I believe the demand this
year is much greater than it was last year.
The argument of the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] on that point is, it seems to me, con-
clusive ; no publisher will invest his money in
an edition of tho work after a certain edition
is printed for gratuitous distribution, and so
wo ought to publish enough to supply the rea-
sonable demand.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to;
there being on a division—22 ayes and 10
noes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques
tion now is on agreeing to the first amendment
reported by the Committee on Printing.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being
on a division—22 ayes and 0 noes.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend further
by making the number five thousand. I am
opposed to this whole system of printing
books 
The PRESIDENTprotenpora. That amend-
ment is not in order; the Senate have just
agreed to an amendment fixing the number at
ten thousand.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I am against the
whole proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on tho next amendment, which has
been read, as to the distribution.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we are to print these
books for distribution at all there can be no
better distribution than through the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Secretary of State.
One object of this distribution is to promote,
immigration ; and in no way can that be don'e
so well as by distributing through our foreign
legations copies to public men, to editors of
newspapers, to emigration societies, and to per-
sons who desire to become acquainted with the
advantages of this country for immigration. I
think the thousand sent to the Secretary of
State and the thousand to the Secretary of the
Treasury will be likely to do much more good
than all the rest furnished to Senators, for they
will be distributed carefully and to the very
persons who the Senator from California says
demand this book. Those who most require
it will be supplied from these resources.
Mr. COLE' I have no objection to that part
of the amendment appropriating one thousand
copies to the State Department; but 1 cannot
see what use the Treasury Department, can have
for one thousand of these books. The argu-
ment is very good so far as it relates to the
distribution abroad.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is a difference
of opinion, perhaps the amendment had better
be divided, so that we shall take the question
first on furnishing one thousand to the Secre-
tary of State, though I think it is proper also
to furnish some copies to the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr STEWART. I should prefer to give
them to the Secretary of the Treasury, and I
will state my reason for thinking so. Although
he does not do everything to suit me, m this
regard he has taken special interest m diffus-
ing this kind of knowledge, and he has acted
with a good deal of energy in ascertaining the
mining resources of the country, and be will
take an interest in distributing the books where
they will do good, because he has taken a per-
sonal interest in the question. I think it a
matter of the greatest importance that the dis-
tribution of these books should be in the hands
of some person who takes an interest in dissem-
inating this kind of knowledge, and I believe
the Secretary of the Treasury does.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will read to the Senate
a note which I have received from the Secre-
tary of State on this subject:
Dkpatitment ofStatk^
Washington, April 4, 1868.
Sir : Learning that extra copies ot tho report of J.
Ross Browne, esq., as special commissioner tor tho
collection oi milliner stn tistics in the States mid ■terri-
tories west of the Rocky mountains, ond J nines W.
Taylor for tho eastern division of the United plates,
now ill the hands of tho printer, are proposed to be
ordered for the Senate and for toe lVc,t-'ury .De-
partment, I have tho honor to request, that, m view
of the probable favorable effect such a report, prop-
erly distributed abroad, would h.ive upon immigra-
tion, you will oifer a resolution proviums two thou-
sand eopics for distribution by this Department
throush the ministers and consuls of the United
States in foreign countries.
I have tho honor to be, sir, your obedient■ servant,
WiLLIAil H. SEWARD.
lion. II. B. Antiiony, . „ „
Chairman of the Committee on Frinting, senate.
The committee have reported only half the
number asked for by the Secretary of State;
but I do not believe any other thousaud copies
of the work will go into hands that will do so
much good to the country.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to take up
the resolution of thanks to Secretary Stanton
which I offered the day before yesterday.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to make some
reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
from committees are in order.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Elizabeth Steepleton, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 491) granting a
pension to Elizabeth Steepleton, widow of
Harrison W. Steepleton, deceased. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom.
v(Ar referred the petition of Henry Keens,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 495) for the relief of Henry lleeus. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Riley H. Smith,
submitted a report, aeconipanicd by a bill (S.
No. 4',)G) granting a pension to Ililey H. Smith.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered 10 be punted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Catharine Wands,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 407) for the relief of Catharine "Wands.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing. and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Anna M. Howard,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 498) granting a pension to Anna M. How-
ard, The bill was read and passed to a second
