1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Margaret Whitt,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 499) granting a pension to the widow and
child of Martin Whitt, deceased. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lucinda II. John-
son, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 500) granting a pension to Lucinda K.
Johnson. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Harriett \Y. Pond,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 501) granting a pension to Harriet W.
Pond. The bill was read and passed t.o a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will take this op-
portunity to ask the Senate to set aside a day
next week for 1-he consideration of pension
bills. There are now seventy-five of them on
the Calendar. I would ask for Friday of next
week.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia moves that next
Friday be set apart for the consideration of
pension bills.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 502) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Irv-
ing, Kansas, to Albuquerque and Santa F6,
New Mexico ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 503) to establish certain post roads in
Oregon; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 501) to amend an act entitled
"An act to extend the warehousing system by
establishing bonded warehouses, and for other
purposes;" which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 505)
to amend an act entitled "An act concerning
the registering and recording of ships or ves-
sels;" which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
KORTI1I5UN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Stjmate
resume the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion in regard to the Northern Pacific railroaB^
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
who had charge of it., is rather unwell to-day,
and desired me to call it up. The parties who
take an interest in the matter have agreed about
the dates, and I think the resolution can be
passed in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 187)
extending the time for the completion of the
Northern Pacific railroad was resumed as in
Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 now move to amend the
joint resolution as agreed upon by those who
yesterday made some objection to it. In line
eleven I move to strike out •' five" and insert
"three," so as to read: " shall commence the
work on said road within three years from and
after the 2d day of July, A. D. 1868."
Mr. CON NESS. In my judgment there is
not any good object in giving an extension of
three years; it is to be three years from July
40th Oono.'2d Sess.—No. 1G9
of this year. If the Government ever subsi-
dize the building of a road beyond the grant
in land over the proposed route it will be done
before the expiration of two years. It will be
remembered, too, that this provision is not
that, they shall agree within three years to build
one mile of road, but that they shall begin by
that time. I hope that no more than two years
will be given. There is no sense in it, I think.
It is withholding, as stated yesterday, large
amounts of land from the public domain, and
when a company get such an extension of
time as they ought to have in reason, they
should ask no more. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting "two" in place of
" three."
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course I do not desire
any controversy about this matter. The present
charter expires in July, and rather than run
any iisk I will accept the proposition of the
Senator from California, though the affair is
so far from liis own country that I think he
might leave it in the hands of others.
Mr. POMEROY. Two years isavery reason-
able time I think.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 do not exactly appreciate
the remark of my friend from Minnesota, that
the affair is very far from our country, and
that others should be permitted to manage it.
The proposition I have made is the uniform
one adopted by Congress when extensions of
time are asked for. Two years have always
been deemed sufficient.
Mr. RAMSEY. My impression is that this
is the first time so small an extension was
given.
Mr. CONNESS. I have such a bill before
Congress myself, asking only an extension of
two years.
Mr. RAMSEY. I accept the suggestion,
and modify my amendment to read two years.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 move further to amend
the joint resolution by striking out in line thir-
teen the word "fifty" and inserting "one
hundred," so as to read "and shall complete
not less than one hundred miles every year
after the second year thereafter."
Mr. POMEROY. I think requiring them
absolutely to build one hundred miles a year
on simply a land grant is an unusual require-
ment. Fifty miles a year for any land-grant,
railroad is as much as we require.
Mr. RAMSEY'. The friends of the measure
were willing to require but fifty miles, but
those opposed to it insisted on one hundred
miles, and as I saw that this was a very critical
time for the company, the charter expiring in
July, I thought 1 would rather take it than
have a controversy.
Mr. SHERMAN. This road is two thou-
sand/fhiles long, and it is to be completed,
according to the terms of the present law, in
ten years, which would be two hundred miles
af year. It will never be built, even under this
/charter, unless built within five or ten years.
Mr. l'OMEROY. In regard to land-grant
railroads, at first, when they are getting their
capital and getting into operation, fifty miles a
year is as much as they ought to be required to
build. If they can build one hundred miles it
is their interest to do so, and they will do it,
but it is an unreasonable, requirement to com-
pel them to do if on penalty of forfeiting their
grant. If this company were endowed with
subsidies of money or bonds, suc-h a require-
ment would not be unreasonable, but they have
no such resources ; they have to rely on vol-
untary capital, and they cannot even use the
lands until after the road is built, and they
must build at least twenty miles before they
get any land at all. I think fifty miles a year
is as much as they ought to be required to build,
and as much as should bo required of any land-
grant railroad in this country anywhere.
Air. RAMSEY. I should be very glad, in-
deed, if the Senate would vote down the amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I agree with the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Kansas, that
the requirement in the case of a grant like this,
of the construction of more than fifty miles a
year, is simply in advance to require that wliicli
we know will not be complied With, arid ili
another session of Congress we shall be called
upon to pass over the failure to comply with a,
condition which is not practicable, as senators
will see it" they reflect one moment. This road
is to be constructed from the western point of
Lake Superior out into the wilderness. Its?
reaches a desirable country when in the neigh-,
borhood of the lied river of the North. There
is a splendid country, and as soon as the road
shall have reached that region 1 loo'k for gb&d
settlements to be made along that river. Pass-
ing the rich lahd that is watered by that
stream, the road must then find its way into
Montana before it can expect any great addi-
tional support.
Now. sir, this is a great work. If it can be
accomplished with the aid of the land grant it
is one of the greatest achievements this coun-
try has ever contemplated. Passing then be-
yond Montana across the mountains toward the
Pacific scope it will reach again a desirable
country ; but for the main, after you have ex-
hausted the business of Montana and the busi-
ness in the neighborhood of the Red river of
the North, the road must rely upon its great
Asiatic trade ; and I think that it has advan-
tages to secure that trade of a very important
sort which I do not propose now to discuss.
But all that is proposed to this road is to give
it lands that are to-day not worth one cent per
acre to the Government. There is not a Sen-
ator here who would give for that vast region
of country, unaided by some work of this sort,
one cent per acre. Senators forget what it is
that gives value to the public lands. As they
lay out hundreds of miles in the wilderness
they have no present and appreciable value.
It is the settler opening up his farm, building
his house, commencing the enterprise of a new
country, that begins to give value to the sur-
rounding lands. This railroad is to encourage
the settlement in regions of country that are
very difficult of settlement. I cannot oee the
policy of requiring of a company that is under-
taking to construct a road across that great
stretch of country, relying Upon the Govern-
ment only for land in aid of the work, as the
law now stands, a condition that cannot be
complied with.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Minnesota will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will withdraw it, certainly,
finding such to be the disposition of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 think we may as well
say at once fifty miles a year. After the first
fifty miles have been built the next one hun-
dred will be much easier of construction, in
my judgment, than the first fifty.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object to the withdrawal
of the amendment. It is reported by a com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not reported by a
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to its withdrawal
until I say a word or two about it. I under-
stood it to be an amendment agreed to by the
committee. This measure really ought not to
pass at all. A grant was made to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company of twice the usual
land grant,, four times the grant of land origin-
ally conveyed to land-grant roads. The road
traverses a region of country two thousand
miles long from the head waters of Lake Supe-
rior across to the Pacific ocean, through ft
region of country that is being rapidly devel-
oped by the discovery of mines, and by the
opening of an agricultural country on the Red
river. My own judgment is, that if Congress
would act wisely, it would accept the surrender
of this grant already acquired by lapse of time,
because the parties who obtained the grant
have failed to shovel a single sod of earth tipou
the ground, although they have had this grant
for two or three years. They do not expect
to move in the construction of thU railroaa
until Congress gives them a subsidy. That is
my deliberate conviction, because no progress
has been made. In the mean time ttiey hold
