1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
of an eye men would pass from the position
of arrant rebels to that of pure, stainless pa-
triots ; but it was expected that by degrees, by
slow progress and growth, they would come
out from the night of their folly and disloyalty
into the broad daylight of reason and pa-
triotism; and our idea was tliatasthey might
come in one by one, as the scales fell from
their eyes, we would open our hands and our
hearts to them, welcoming them back to full
communion and fellowship as citizens.
But it is not of such men that I speak to-day.
It is one who, through fire and blood, through
the smoke and blaze of battle, through good
and through evil report, at all times and under
all circumstances, was as true to the flag of
his country as the needle to the pole—a man
who molds the character and sentiments of his
fellow-citizens in the county in which he lives as
no other man there does—a man who, whether
admitted here or driven back into exile, will
exercise for good or for evil a controlling in-
fluence upon his fellow-citizens. To such as
he we are indebted for the fact that Tennessee
is not at this very hour in the position of Ala-
bama and Mississippi and Louisiana and other
southern States. The valiant and true mea
of Tennessee were held up and strengthened
by such men as he—men who were the Aarons
and the Hurs of that period, holding up the
hands of the prophet.
In regard to the manner in which we may,
as occasion shall require, relieve the strin-
gency of that test-oath act, I have no plan
beyond the one suggested in this joint resolu-
tion. In regard to such men as Mr. Butler, I
have a conviction, as firm as the conviction of
my own existence, that it is our duty to gather
our arms around them, and make them by
some means full participants in all the rights
and privileges of this Government.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman yield
to m<e for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would like the gentleman
to answer these questions:
1. Did John Young Brown, of Kentucky,
recently Dejected by this House, do as much
against the cause of the Union as did Mr. But-
ler, of Tennessee, when he took the oath to
support the southern confederacy ?
2. Is there any evidence or charge that Mr.
Brown ever took any such oath as Mr. Butler
took ?
3. Does voting the Radical Republican ticket
wipe out the crimes of those who assisted in
getting up and who fought in the war against
the Union ?
I would like the gentleman to answer those
questions.
Mr. DAWES. I know the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Muxgen] does not want me to an-
swer that last question. It does not become
the dignity of his position; and I feel that
nothing in the character I have sought to main-
tain during all the time I have served in this
House authorizes the gentleman to put such a
question to me.
Mr. MUNGEN. Well, answer the first two
of the questions.
Mr. DAWES. I say that John Young Brown
and R. R. Butler have both done that which
prevents them from taking truthfully the test-
oath. And I say, too, that if it had been possi-
ble for me to find in the life and character of
John Young Brown what I have portrayed
here as a part of the life and character of Mr.
Butler I would have been in favor of doing in
the case of John Young Brown just what I ask
shall be done in the case of Mr. Butler. I do
not think so meanly of myself, or of the name
which I am to leave to my children, as to do
otherwise. Sir, I am not here as a partisan.
I do not know how Mr. Butler will vote if he
be admitted. I know nothing of his votes or
his political sentiments. In the case of John
Young Brown I strove faithfully to find some-
thing in his career during the war to relieve
the odium which the admitted facts of the case
cast upon him. I knew him in this House six
40th Cojt«. 2d Ress.—No. 105.
or eight years ago as one of the most promis-
ing young men whose acquaintance I had ever
made. I followed him in sorrow into the re-
bellion. If 1 could have found him out in
service there as I found this man Butler there
nothing that my poor, feeble abilities could have
accomplished would have been wanting to him
or to Kentucky to have secured him a place
upon this floor.
Mr. MUNG-EN. I never knew that the
gentleman from Massachusetts had followed
anybody into the rebellion.
Mr. DAWES. What are we to do? How
are these Union men to be represented upon
this floor? There is but one of two ways. We
cannot sit here and see this man, if we would,
swear that he never held an office under the
southern confederacy. We must either pass a
bill so relieving him from the pains, penalties,
and disabilities of his position, so that he shall
be allowed to take a seat upon this floor, or
you must tell him to go home to the people of
his district who sent him here because he, of all
the men in his district, was the truest, the most
faithful of the men who served them in times
of peril, in times of despondency, and in times
of darkness, as well as now in times of hope
and of promise, and to tell them to send some
other man inferior in character and influence.
We cannot, Mr. Speaker, tell that people to
take Mr. Butler back and to send us a cipher
in his place, and thereby expect to cherish,
nourish, and strengthen the Union sentiment in
such a district.
Sir, we must save such a man as Mr. Butler
from exclusion from this House, to which he
has been sent by Union people, because of a
certain portion of the oath members have to
take. We must say, as we have said about
others, that we will pass a bill relieving him
fx-om the pains, penalties, and disabilities of
his action. We will say to John..Young Brown
and such others, if you will come out from the
thraldom of attachment to the cause of the re-
bellion, we care not what your political senti-
ments are on questions where loyalty is not
concerned, then you shall be relieved from
these pains and penalties. It is not for us
but for the House to say who is worthy.
The committee, Mr. Speaker, found first that
this man could not take this oath. It was,
therefore, their duty to report that fact. They
were as firmly of the opinion that by some
means Congress should permit such men to
take their places in this or the other branch to
which they were elected by the truest Union
sentiment of the country. We followed the
joint resolution brought here in the very words
which passed the Senate when the Senator from
Tennessee was admitted to his seat there ; but
if the House prefers a bill relieving in form
this man from his disability the committee
will be entirely satisfied. The House must go
through this form to relieve him from the neces-
sity of taking this oath. That is in substance
what we have recommended.
The committee is unanimous on one thing,
that it is not only safe, but it is proper, this man
should by some means hold a seat here, and
the House in its wisdom can devise the best
means for accomplishing that end. Formyself,
I shall not attempt to set up my judgment
against this man; I shall not attempt, living
quietly at my home, out of danger, in safety
and peace, without opportunity of making sac-
rifices for duty, and without tests of disposi-
tion to do so, for I am not in the position to
do so, to turn around and say to this man,
covered all over as he is with evidences of his
patriotism and sacrifices, I do not deem him
worthy of a seat in the same body which recog-
nizes me.
Mr. BROMWELL. I should like to ask
the gentleman a question. I did not hear the
beginning of the argument of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and I therefore now ask
him whether he alluded to the vote given by
Mr. Butler in favor of the rebellion?
Mr. DAWES. I did not allude to it, because
I felt it to be my duty to rely on the report.
He did vote for the resolutions in favor of the
southern confederacy, but he afterward,-after
he had got some Union prisoners out of jail,
returned and changed his vote. His reason
for so voting was that he might procure the
release of twenty-three Union prisoners who
were starving in jail. He had to struggle with •
old Judge Humphreys to get them releasfsdj
and he voted for the resolutions to prevent the
expression of hostility of the rebel element
in the Legislature from being aroused against
him. When he had his work done he and
another Union man went back and changed
their votes.
Mr. BROOKS. Where is that upon the
record ? I do not find it.
Mr. WARD. I would _ ask the gentleman,
what is the necessity of his doing that?
Mr. DAWES. 1 would answer my friend
if I had another hour to do it in.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] allow me to put a single
question to the gentleman from Massachusetts?
Mr. KERR. A single question.
Mr. M UN GEN. When the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] talks about a man
taking an oath to support and maintain the
confederacy and excuses him because be wont
into the confederate Legislature of the State of
Tennessee for the purpose of visiting or reliev-
ing some Union prisoners, as he claims, I wish
to ask why it was when the confederate gov-
ernment offered authoritatively to our Govern-
ment through the proper agents engaged in
regard to the exchange of prisoners, to pur-
chase medicines, and to pay therefore three
times their value, either in gold, cotton, or
tobacco, and to have the medicines so pur-
chased put under the charge of Federal sur-
geons and taken by them to Andersonville and
other southern prisons and used exclusively
for Union prisoners, under the direction of
said surgeons, why it was that said proposals
were not accepted and our soldiers thus re-
lieved?
Mr. KERR. I do not rise, Mr. Speaker, for
the purpose of indulging in any lengthy debate
on this question, nor do I mean by anything I
may say to indorse all that I find in the report
of the committee. I will ask, however, before
I proceed, that the resolution offered by the
committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows: _
Be it resolved by the Senate and Egitue of Representa-
utives, <L-c„ That R. R. Butler, Representative-elect
from the first congressiontil district of Tennessee, be
admitted to bis seat upon taking the usual oath to
support the Constitution of the Lmited bfcat<sf and
upon taking so much of the oath prescribed by the
act entitled 14An act to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes," approved July 2,1862, as
not included in the following words, to wit: That I
have neither sought nor accepted nor attempted to
exercise the functions of any office whatever under
any authority or pretended authority m hostility to
the United States."
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, after a very care-
ful examination of all the facts in this case,
entertaining the views I do of the law and the
Constitution, I concluded that it was the duty
of this House to admit Mr. Butler without any-
further question, except that he was willing and
able conscientiously to take the oath, a copy of
which I hold in my hand. The majority oi the
committee, however, reached a different con-
clusion.
Now, my object is not to find fault with their
conclusion or to question its propriety.^ Nor
do I propose to enter into the discussion of
the facts in this case or the law that may prop-
erly apply to it; for upon the law I have been
heretofore heard by the House. But my
present object is to move an amendment to the
resolution offered by the majority of the com-
mittee in order that that amendment may go
to the committee when the resolution is re-
committed.
The SPEAKER. No amendment to the
resolution is in order pending the motion to
recommit.
Mr. KERR. I will then move to recommit
the joint resolution to the committee with in-
