1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M arch. 4,
struction to amend the joint resolution by
inserting therein in lieu of the part of the oath
therein reported, the following:
That I hare never voluntarily borne arms against
the United States since I have been a citizen
thereof; that I have voluntarily given no aid, coun-
tenance, counsel, or encouragment to persons en-
• gaged in armed hostility thereto; that I haveneither
sought nor accepted, nor attempted to exercise the
functions of any office whatever, under any author-
ity or pretended authority in hostility to the United
States; that I have not yielded a voluntary support
to any pretended government, authority, power, or
constitution within the United States hostile or
inimical thereto.
My reason for this motion is, that while I
believe that Mr. Butler should be allowed now
to take his seat, yet I cannot say, and I do not
believe, that if he is unable to swear he never
voluntarily sought or accepted office under the
confederate government he can at the same
time truthfully take the balance of this oath;
because the very testimony shows that Mr. Butler
did voluntarily accept office under the confed-
erate government. It also shows that while
in the exercise of the duties of that office he
did give "aid, comfort, countenance, and en-
couragement" to the rebellion ; and it further
Shows that he did yield '' voluntary support to
a pretended government, authority, or consti-
tution within the United States, and inimical
thereto."
Now, I do not propose to cite the evidence
to establish these conclusions; I simply refer
to the evidence as it has been so ably recited
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee of
Elections. I want to impress this idea upon
the House, that a gentleman who accepts an
office under the circumstances under which
Mr. Butler accepted this office, and goes on
and performs the duties of that office in con-
nection with an unfriendly or belligerent gov-
ernment, beyond a question, in the legal ac-
ceptation of the term, must be held thereby to
give "aid, comfort, countenance, and encour-
agement" to the rebellion, to the government
he was so serving.
Now, while I say this, I do not desire to
prejudice the ease of Mr. Butler at all. To
be consistent with my own convictions I am
compelled to vote for his admission. I shall
vote for it whether this joint resolution be
passed or not. I prefer, however, that the
joint resolution shall be so amended as to
relieve him froip taking any part of the first
paragraph of the oath.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, prompted in
part, perhaps, by the favorable personal opin-
ion which 1 have formed of Mr. Butler, I have
paid some special attention to his case, and my
opinion is clear that Congress ought to adopt
some plan by which he may be permitted to
occupy a place as a member of this House.
At the late election in the first district in
Tennessee he received 12,157 votes; another
candidate received 1,777, and still another
44 votes. Well, there is a good basis of con-
stituency. Now, the question is whether it is
taking a false step, whether it is taking a dan-
gerous step, to adopt some means by which Mr.
Butler may take his seat. I maintain that it is
proper to do so, and I wish to state a principle
which appears to me to be the key which un-
locks any difficulty which may exist in the case.
It is this: the Thirty-Ninth Congress spent
about eight months indigestingaconstitutional
amendment which would servo as a basis for
the restoration of the practical relations of the
revolted States to the Union, and one of the
principles incorporated into that amendment
was, in substance, that whoever, in the several
casesstated in the amendment, shall havetalcen
an oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and shall have afterward partici-
pated in rebellion, shall not hold office un-
der the United States or in any State. But
it was found necessary, wise, and proper to
reserve a dispensing power over the rigor of the
rule, in order that when meritorious cases should
be presented the law should not stand as that
of the Medea and Persians, but might, be re-
laxed by a vote of two thirds of both Houses
of Congress. I maintain that this is a sound
principle. It has a high and permanent place
in our system of policy, and it should be applied
whenever there is a really meritorious case;
whenever there is a case in which the applicant
is soundly and substantially loyal in fact,
whether he be a Democrat or a Republican,
in that case the principle of dispensation
should be applied.
Now, sir, in this case, so far as I have been
able to examine the record, it shows in sub-
stance that Mr. Butler, during the rebellion,
was a sound, working, fighting, persistently
active and influential Union man. It is true,
when the great storm of rebellion, sweeping
like a tornado over the Southern States, first
struck Tennessee, he was temporarily swept
into the false step of taking an oath to the
confederacy, under a species of coercion and
against his real will; but ray estimate of
human nature is, that it is not just, thatit is
not wise and humane, to require every man to
be a Pettigru or a Roman Regulus, the fact
being that above the horizon of six thousand
years of the world's history there has only
appeared a small, galaxy of such men. But
that Mr. Butler had no improper animus, that
he was influenced or impelled by a species of
moral and almost of physical coercion to take
this oath, is abundantly proved by the record.
I will read a small portion of it.
One of the witnesses says:
"Johnson county is considered one of the most
loyal counties to the United States Government of
anyin the State of Tennessee, and the loyal senti-
ment of the county of Johnson was in a great degreo
attributed to the influence and energy of .said Butler,
and he was hated by the rebels more than any other
person in the county of Johnson; and said Butler
was arrested by the rebels and carried to Knoxville,
Tennessee, a distance of one hundred and fifty miles,
aixl was further compelled by the rebels to leave his
home and family to save his lifo; and that all his
papersand law library in Taylorsvillewero dostroyed
by the rebels."
And further along the same witness says:
"When Colonel Folk, who comma.nded a rebel bat-
talion, came into this county, m November, 1862, it
was urged by the loading rebels of tho county that
said Butler must bo arrested and sent out of the
county, for as long as tho said Butler remained in
Johnson county tho citiz-ens would continue loyal to
tho United States Government, and that if said But-
lerwasout of the county it would become rebel: and
further, said Folk did have said Butler arrested and
sent out of tho county."
I next refer to the testimony of one whom I
assume to be a thoroughly truthful witness;
one who is now, I believe, a State Senator in
the Legislature of Tennessee. He says:
"I believe that wo would all have been imprisoned
and sent to Tuscaloosa if we had not taken the oath,
and we wero so informed by tho rebel authorities.
Judge Butler, myself, and all the other Union mem-
bers protested against taking the oath to the confed-
eracy, and appointed a, committee to wait upon the
authorities to know if we cnuM not be relieved from
taking the oath; and we wero informed that we must
take it or be arrested and sent to prison."
Now, any man who can, in the first place,
form an intelligent conception of the power
of a rampant and prescriptive popular opinion,
and in the next place can form an intelligent
conception of the intimidating power of a fierce,
organized force sweeping everything before it,
and threatening to put in prison all who op-
pose it—any man who can form an intelligent
conception of that situation must, if he has
any capacity to judge of human nature, know
that a great many very good men and firm men
will momentarily be swept from the firmness of
their purpose and impelled to do something
they may afterward regret. I contend that a
true and rational respect for human nature and
its inherent impulses and infirmities will lead
one not to hold a man to a rigorous and inex-
orable account for acts done under such pow-
erfully controlling influences.
I next wish to call the attention of the House
to the tact that Judge Butler was commissioned
as a lieutenant colonel in the Army of the
United States in I860, and, as I understand,
he served from that time till the conclusion of
the war. I read from the commission given
to him by Andrew Johnson, while acting as
military governor of the State of Teuuessee:
" Know ye, that reposing special trust and confi-
dence in tho patriotism, valor, iiclclity, and abilities
ofK. R. Butler, of the county of Johnson, wo do ap-
point him lieutenant colonel in the thirteenth regi-
ment of cavalry of Tennessee volunteers, in the ser-
vice of the United States, for three years, unless
soonerdischarged; to rank as such from the 11th day
of November, 1863."
I next call attention to the testimony ofWif-
liam G. Brownlow, Governor of Tenuesse, as
follows:
"I have known R. R. Butler since the war and
many years before the war. I have always known
him as a Union man; I was imprisoned in Decem-
ber, 1861, and was sent out of tho country by thereb-
els in March, 1862. Icannot testify as to It. II. But-
ler's course during tho time I was imprisoned and
while I was absent from the country, which wasn early
two years. On my return to the country, under the
protection of General Burnside, I found Butler
dressed in the Federal uniform and battling in the
cause of the Union. Ho has been ever since an effi-
cient and active Radical, and was elected by a Rad-
ical constituency to Congress by the largest majority
I ever knew obtained in the first district. Confiding
in his loyalty, I commissioned him judge of thecir-
cuitcourt in the first circuit of Tennessee.
I ask particular attention to the passage I
am about to read—words interpretative of the
action of Judge Butler in the Tennessee Legis-
lature :
As to bis being a member of what is called Har-
ris's rebel Legislature. I never considered there was
anything in that; some of the best Union men wo
had in tho State were members of that body, and
were urged by Union men to go there to hold the
rebels in check; and further this deponent saith not."
That is the testimony of W, G. Brownlow.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. BAKER. Certainly.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman has just been
reading from the evidence of Governor Brown-
low in support of his position. I desire to ask
whether Governor Brownlow practiced under
similar circumstances the doctrine which he
preaches there?
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, the record in
the case of this gentleman, [Mr. Butler,] taken
as a whole, shows that he has been one of the
bravest, one of the firmest, one of the most
efficient,, one of the most persecuted men in
Tennessee; that his exertions have aided pow-
erfully in producing the grand result that Ten-
nessee was not swept bodily into the vortex of
the rebellion along with the Gulf States.
But I proceed to answer the gentleman's
question more directly. That Judge Butler
was a Pettigru, was a Begulus, or a William
G. Brownlow, may well be questioned; but I
say, also, as I suggested a while ago, that ex-
ploring the whole of human history during
times of terrible peril, you will find that under
the powerful pressure brought to bear at such
times against human firmness there have been
comparatively few such men. What I main-
tain, and what I would impress upon the mind
of my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Piuce,] and
upon the minds of iny Republican friends in
this body, is that in dealing with the closing
up of this great rebellion, and looking to the
restoration of ultimate harmony in this Repub-
lic, we should adopt principles of severe jus-
tice, tempered with humane regard for the
infirmities of human nature. Where a man is
loyal, where a man has devoted himself to the
cause of his country during those dark hours
when its life was imperiled by the rebellion,
where for years together he has cast the whole
weight of his influence on the side of the Union,
I say it is narrow, it is contracted and inde-
fensible statesmanship—no, sir, it is not states-
manship at all—to send such a man back to a
constituency who sent hitn hereby a vote more
than twelve thousand strong, most of that con
stituoney having aided him in saving Tennes-
see from being overthrown by the rebellion.
_ I feel somewhat warmly about this matter,
sir, for I have a profound conviction that the
principle we should adopt in action, as we have
provided for it in the constitutional amend-
ment, is to recognize, under all circumstances,
true men, to look at the great body of their
action, the general tenor of their conduct, and
