3714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July S,
Mr. MORTON. They have not.a general
right to buy real estate ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is specifically
limited to this object.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear that
part of the bill read again.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That tho said cor-
poration shall have full power to make and prescribe
i-uch by-laws, rules, and regulations as they may
deem needful and proper for tho management of the
stock, property, estate, and effects of the corpora-
tion, not inconsistent with the laws in lorcc in tho
District of Columbia, to have and use a common i
seal, with the privilege of altering tho smnc at
pleasure; to purchase, take, and hold, by deed or
otherwise, any property, rea.l, personal, or mixed,
and tho same or any part thereof to dispose of at
pleasure, and to execute such deod or deeds or other
conveyances as may be necessary therefor; to issue
stock, and make all suitable and necessary regula-
tions for the purchase, sale, and transfer of the same;
to borrow money; to impose fines upon the mem-
bers, and collect the same as other small debts arc
collected; to expel members, &c.
Mr. MORTON. Is there nothing specify-
ing the purpose for which they may purchase
and hold real estate? Is it a general permis-
sion ?
Mr. HARLAN. In the first part of the bill
tho object of the corporation is specifically set
forth, as I think, and I suppose they would not
have any more powers than those that are
directly conferred in the bill itself.
Mr. MORTON. I believe it has been held
that the definition in such a bill of the general
character of a corporation does not limit and
control the power to hold real estate, if that is
general in its character.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to any
limitation that tho Senator may think neces-
sary.
Mr. MORTON. Such a charter as that
might be converted into a speculation. I offer
an amendment such as I have suggested, and
ask the Clerk to prepare it.
The Chief Cleric. It is proposed to amend
the bill by adding after the proviso just adopted
the following:
And provided further, That the real estate and per-
sonal property of tho said association shall bo held
tor the purposes, and no other, expressed in the first
section of this act.
Mr. CONICLING. I beg to suggest to the
Senator that, as the bill uses the expression
" property real, personal, or mixed," he had
bettersay "the said property." He does not
wish to exclude what may be called mixed prop-
erty, but to provide that all property shall be
held for this purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If so
changed, the bill would not probably read well.
The iiist proviso would read contrary to the
other. If there be no objection, however, the
other proviso will be amended so as to read,
"property, real, personal, or mixed." The
Chair hears 110 objection. The question is 011
agreeing to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be
engrossed, aud the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
retary, announced that the President had, on
on the 25th of June, 1868, approved and signed
the following bills:
An act (S. No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Crossley;
An act (S. No. 184) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ann Corcoran;
An act (S. No. 450) relative to filingreports
of tailroad companies;
An act (S. No. 425) granting a pension to
George Bennett;
An act (S. No. 280) granting a pension to
Michael Hennessy, of Platte county, Missouri;
An act (S. No. 164) to provide for appeals
from the Court of Claims, and for other pur-
poses ;
An act (S. No. 377) to change the times of
holding the district and circuit courts of the
United States in the several districts in the
State of Tennessee;
An act (S. No. 216) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Central Pacific railroad, ill California, to
Portland, in Oregon and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 134) author-
izing a change of mail service between Fort
Abercrombie and Helena.
The message also announced that the bill
(S. No. G34) relating to contested elections in
the city of Washington, District of Columbia,
having been presented to the President of the
United States on the 10th of June, 1808, and
not. having been approved by him or returned
to the Senate, in which it originated, within
ten days, (Sundays excepted,) had become a
law under the Constitution of the United
States.
register of deeds in tub distkict.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of (lie bill (S.
No. 491) to provide for the appointment of
register of deeds in the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to ; and tlie Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that from and
after its passage tlie appointment of register
of deeds for the District of Columbia shall be
vested in the supreme court of the District,
and the register so appointed, from time to
time, is to ligld the oliice duriug the pleasure
of the court, and qualify and pel form all the
duties of the office as provided by law, and re-
ceive as compensation for his services such
sum as may bo fixed by the court, not exceed-
ing the rate of $8,000 per annum, exclusive
of tho necessary expenses of the office. It is
to be the duty of the register to employ, from
time to time, subject to the approval of the
court, a sufficient number of copyists to enable
him to keep up the current records and in-
dexes of the office with necessary and reason-
able promptness, and, as the fees and income
of the office will justify, to copy such of the
records as have become defaced or obliterated,
and to index the same. The copyists are
to receive such compensation fur services ren-
dered by them, either by the piecfe or by the
day, as the court may determine, not exceed-
ing five cents per hundred words for copying,
and not exceeding twelve cents per hundred
words for indexing, or not exceeding three
dollars per day for each faithful day's work of
eight hours' duration to each of the copyists ;
but tho salary of the register, compensation of
copyists, cost of blanks, blank books, station-
ery, fuel, light, office rent, and all other neces-
sary expenses of tlie office, are not in any case
to exceed tho aggregate fees and emoluments
as provided by law.
It is also to be the duty of the register of
deeds to receive all the fees and emoluments of
the office, and to deposit them from day today
with the clerk of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, taking his receipt, therefor.
It is to bo the duty of the clerk to give bond
with approved security in such sum as the court
may determine, to receive, receipt for, safely
keep, and to pay out those funds, on orders to
be drawn by the register of deeds, accompa-
nied by vouchers approved by the chief justice
of the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia, for the salary of the register, compensation
of copyists, and other necessary expenses of
tho office, and at the close of each calendar
year to pay over any surplus that may be in his
hands to the treasurers of the city of Washing-
ton, of the city of Georgetown, and of the levy
court of the county of Washington respectively,
to be added to the school funds of the cities
and county, and to be used for the support of
schools, in proportion to the number of chil-
dren to be benefited thereby iu each of the
corporations, the award to be made by the
supreme court; but the clerk is authorised to
retain for his services two per cent, per annum
for all moneys received and properly accounted
for under the act. -
The filing of all instruments for record since
the decease of , late register, and
under the superintendence of Flood, and
so noted by him, are to be valid, to all intents
and purposes, as though filed by an actual in-
cumbent of the office of register of deeds for
the District of Columbia.
Mr. llARLAN. I move to amend the bill
by inserting the following to come in as sec-
tion one :
That from and after tho passage of this act tho
stylo of the register ot deeds of the District ot Co-
lumbia shall bo "recorder of deeds of the District
of Columbia."
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out in line
three of the printed bill, after the word "that,"
the words "from and after the passage of this
act." They are mere surplusage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line four I move to
strikeout " register" and to insert "recorder,"
and to make the same change wherever the
word occurs throughout the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIAELAN. I now move to strike out
tho fourth section of the bill, in the following
words ;
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That tho filing of
all instruments for rceord since tho decease of 
 , late resistor, and under thesuperintendence of
  Flood, and to noted by hiin, shall be valid to all
intents and purposes the same as though filed by an
actual incumbent of tho office of register of deeds
for the District of Columbia.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following
sections :
And be iifurther enacted, That the Iegalfees forth©
services of said recorder of deeds shall bens follows,
that is to say: for filing, recording', and indexing, or
formak;nga certified copy ol any instrument con-
taining two hundred words or less, fifty cents, and
fifteen cents for each additional one hundred woid*.
to bo collected at the time ot filing and when tho
copy is made; for each certificate and seal, twenty-
five cents; for searching records extending back two
years or le?s next preceding current date, twenty-
five cents, and five cents tor each additional year, to
be paid by the party tor whom the search may be
made; for recording a town plat, three cents for
each lot such plat may contain; for recording a plat
of survey five cents for each course such survey may
contain; for filing and indexing any paper required
by law to be filed in his office, fifteen cents; for each
examination of title by the party or his attorney,
fifty ccnts; for taking any acknowledgment, fifty
cents.
And be it further enacted. That all deed? of convey-
ance, leases, powers of attorney, and other written
instiuments required bylaw to be filed "and recorded,
and all copies of instruments and records and « ertifi-
cates authorized by law. filed, recorded, made and
certified by William G. Flood as acting regi.-ter of
deeds for said ci t y since thodcath of Edward C. Eddie,
late register, and which mnv bo filed, recorded, made,
and certified by the said William G. Flood up to the
date ot the appointment of a recorder ot deeds under
the provisions of this act, shall, and are heieby, de-
clru ed to he legally performed, the same as if thceaid
William G. Flood had been appointed and qualified
as register; and the said William G. Flood is hereby
declared to bo entitled to all the legal fees and emol-
uments of said offico for his said services which have
hitherto been allowed the register of deeds, and which
havo accrued, or may accrue, during said period.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill wns reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Oil motion of Mr. HARLAN, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read: ''A bill to
provide for tho appointment of a recorder of
deeds in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes."
message f11031 this house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPkersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 1279) in relation to addi-
tional bounties and for other purposes ; and
A bill (II. it. No. 5o0) providing for the sale
of a portion of the Fort Gratiot military res-
ervation in St. Clair county, in the State of
Michigau.
