160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25
Ho. op "Reps.
Reconstruction, &c.—Mr. Benton.
40tii Cojjg. ... 2d Sess.
eise, not only without the authority of the Con-
stitution, but in direct violation of its express
terms.
And this is the man who assails and con-
demns a majority of Congress as violators of
the Constitution, in the measures they have
adopted to protect the people of those States
from domestic violence, and to guaranty to
them governments republican in form, and
loyal to the Union! And his allies, the leaders
of the Democratic party, join in the chorus,
with an appendix, which they chant with great
apparentdevotion, " Well done, good and faith-
ful servant; thou hast been faithful'' as the great
vindicator of the Constitution which a Kepub-
hcan Congress has sought to overturn and de-
stroy ; we will make thee our ruler or leader so
loug as thy warfare upon a Republican Congress
shall continue, and by way of encouragement
to persevere in the good woik we will talk of
thee as our candidate for next President, until
the meeting of our nominating convention.
Now, if the leaders of the Democratic party
were half sincere in what they have said to
sustain the position of the President as against
Congress, he has suffered, in their estimation,
great injustice and prosecution for his firm and
devoted adherence to the Constitution and the
rights of the people of this country. And that
party, which has been galvanized into life by
Ins policy, is bound in honor, gratitude, and
consistency to rally around his standard as
their candidate for next President of the Uni-
ted States. But will the Democratic party ac-
cept Andrew Johnson as their standard-bearer
for that oSice? .Never; for whatever he may
have done for them since, he was guilty during
the war of fighting against the rebellion, and
that—with a majority of the leaders of that
party constitutes one of the unpardonable
political transgressions never to be absolved,
never to be forgotten.
But, to repeat, the President undertook to
accomplish reconstruction with no authority to
stand upon but his own policy. Congress bases
its action upon the express requirements of the
Constitution. The plan of the President sur-
renders the loyal defenders of the Government
to the tender mercies of the rebels; while
Congress intrusts the power with the whole
people, excepting not more than fifty thousand
rebel voters in all the South, and those the
most guilty leaders who were mainly instru-
mental in plunging the country into the vortex
of civil war. The practical effectof the Presi-
dent's plan would not only surrender the non-
voting class in those Slates to the entire power
and control of the voting class, but the white
rebel voter there would be invested with a two-
fold power over the white loyal voter of all the
former non-slaveholding States; and the rep-
resentative of that privileged class of voters
would wield a twofold political power over the
representative from the North and North-
west, both in Congress and in the Electoral
College. J. his is a specimen of modern Dem-
ocratic equality. Why should not the soldiers
and loyal voters of the country support such a
pohey and the party which upholds it?
lhat the leaders of the Democracy should
supportthe plan of the President is both logical
and consistent with its well-defined policv of
concentrating all power in the Government in
the hands ot the few, aud their well-known
sympathy with their rebel brethren of the
South m their late terrible struggle to over-
throw the Constitution and the noblest fabric
of cml government ever established by man.
In all the contests between the President
and the Representatives of the people that
party has uniformly rallied to the standard of
the one-man power. In the case of the recent
, o0re House, to define the quorum
ot the supreme Court and regulate the juris-
diction thereof, every member of that party
upon this floor maintained the policy of re-
taining the power in the hands of asingle judge
of that court, to nullify or set aside the legis-
lation of Congress though adopted by a two-
thirds majority, or even by a unanimous vote
of both branches and the concurrence of the
Executive. And this is the party that styles
itself Democratic, and professes to be gov-
erned by the great cardinal principle that the
will of the people is the great naramount law,
above Congress, the court, and the President.
Congress, as a means to reorganize loyal
State governments in the South, has provided
that all adult male citizens not disfranchised
lor disloyalty and crime in the States in which
they reside shall vote and take part in forming
anew governments for those States. This pro-
vision, as adopted, is not only republican and
just, but a necessary means to be employed to
restore to the people of those States such gov-
ernments as the Constitution requires to be
provided and maintained. It is evident that
that result could not be successfully accom-
plished by intrusting the work to white voters
alone; for that experiment has been tried by
the President in all those States without secur-
ing a loyal republican government in one single
State, and that, too, when the number of rebels
disfranchised by the President was at least
seven times greater than under the present
congressional plan. And, again, the evidence
is now conclusive that a large majority of the
white voters of those States are at this day as
disloyal in spirit and as inimical to the Gov-
ernment of the Uniled States as when the first
gun was fired on Port Sumter, or when the
rebel army, under Lee and Johnston, surren-
dered to the victorious legions under Grant
and Sherman.
Then, I submit, what other alternative was
left to Congress but to adopt the great principle
of manhood suffrage, by the enfranchisement
of the freedinen in those States. And why
should they not be allowed a voice in the form-
ation and control of governments to which they
are to be subject, and interested in all their
rights equally with the whites? They were
born in this country. They are now free Amer-
ican citizens. In slavery even they were sub-
missive, patient, and laborious for the benefit
of their masters and the support of the Gov-
ernment. In peace, ever faithful and true ; in
war, loyal and brave. When the whites of those
States conspired and confederated together to
destroy the Government of our fathers, the
black man rallied to the defense of the flag
and bared his bosom to the storm of battle.
Now, shall a great nation, after rivers of blood
have been shed and countless millions have
been expended to conquer those people in war,
ignominiously transfer the political rights and
privileges of the Government of those States
to the hands of its enemies, and deny them to
its friends and protectors? No, never ; I can-
not believe that the loyal people of this nation
will ever sanction a policy so fraught with dan-
ger, ingratitude, and dishonor.
Away with that miserable dogma—a white
man's government; it was bom of slavery, let
it be entombed with it. As a principle it is
narrow, illiberal, anti-republican, unconstitu-
tional, and all unworthy of a liberal and pro-
gressive age, in the high noon of the nineteenth
century.
But a new doctrine has recently been pro-
mulgated by the conservative friend and mouth-
piece of Andrew Johnson, Senator Doolittle,
of Wisconsin—that of qualified negro suffrage.
It is proposed by that conservative gentleman
to allow certain classes of blacks to exercise
suffrage 1 Those who have served for a stated
period in the Union Army are to be allowed
to vote side by side with the whites who served
m the rebel army. This, I suppose, is a con-
servative measure to reward loyalty. The
second class, those who, either in their own
right or that of their wives, own property to a
certain amount are to be allowed to vote with
the poor white who never owned a dollar in
his life, although always free, with every mems
to acquire a competency. There is another
specimen of conservative justice. The third
and last class of blacks, those who can read
and write, (a qualification which by law all
slaves were denied the right to acquire,) shall
be allowed to vote by the side of the rebel white
who, although always enjoying freedom, be-
side belonging to the so-called superior white
race, has never had ambition nor intelligence
enough to learn even the first letter of the
alphabet.
This is, I suppose, a conservative measure
to encourage the education of the inferior black
race. I ask, Mr. Speaker, is this a fair spe-
cimen of conservative justice and statesman-
ship? It is, however, significant and import-
ant in two respects : first, it concedes the prin-.
ciple of the enfranchisement of the blacks ; and
second, it explodes the theory of an exclusive
white man's Government in this country. But
apply these tests to the white voters, and where
would the Democratic party be in every State
in this Union? In certain localities it would
be necessary to issue a search-warrant to get
enough eligible Democratic voters together to
organize a school-house caucus. Away with
such invidious distinctions as these. The peo-
ple of this country will never be misled to sanc-
tion a measure of sueh manifest injustice. To
vote is the freeman's right. Without that right
heis not free nor the equal of the freeman.
Without it he is defenseless, and deprived of
the means ofprotecting his political rights. It
is a right as undeniable as liberty or the pur-
suit of happiness. It rests on the same broad
basis of equality and eternal justice. It can-
not be denied without discarding the groat car-
dinal principle set forth in the Declaration of
Independence, thatall just Governments derive
their authority from the consent of the gov-
erned.
But negro suffrage is no new thing under the
sun ; the right was exercised prior to the adop-
tion of the Constitution and at that time. This
is important; for the Constitution makes no
exceptions or distinctions on account of color
or race. 'This right has been exercised by the
free blacks, even in many of the former slave
States, through the greater period of our na-
tional existence. It was not prohibited in
those States till within less than forty years,
and then on the ground not that it was danger-
ous to freedom but to slavery. The high-
sounding phrases of the President's message
in regard to negro supremacy and negro dom-
ination are all answered and refuted bv the
stern logic of facts, as appears by the follow-
ing table ot figures, showing a large majority
of white voters in nearly all of the unrecon-
structed States. This table was prepared and
is presented by Hon. A. II. Ckagix in his late
able speeeh in the United States Senate on the
subject of reconstruction:
While. Colored.
Virginia  110,000
iNorth Cu-olina  103 060
bouth Carolina  45.751
Georgia  '.&.214
Mississippi  48.026
•Louisiana  44 732
i'lorida  11400
 •.    47i 130 Not voted
■Arkansas (total)— Ci>,805   27,570 13 558
Then, even in those States where the blacks
constitute a majoiity, how can there be any
danger of negio supremacy? IIow can the
poor blacks, without education, without posi-
tion, without property or lands, or permanent
homes, or skill and experience in political
affairs, control or dominate over the wealthy,
"ghly educated, trained, and able politicians
of those States 1 Has the maxim that knowl-
edge is power become reversed, so that igno-
rance is power and knowledge is weakness,
But whj attempt to answer a proposition so
manifestly absurd as to defeat itself? The
ear is not of negro but of loyal supremacy,
f trust that, that supremacy will be maintained
en to the discomfiture of traitors and their
rebel sympathizers—whether North or South.
104,000
71,<5>7
79,f;S5
9-H,4<33
88,925
82,l.i07
l.:VG7
47, i30
For. Against,
207,342
93,206
fi 7.7^9
102,283
Gli.739
7\0S3
14.337
01,8-S 7
32>31
2,226
4,127
0,277
4,00$
130
