282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
try for the passage of the bill to prevent the
further contraction of the currency. Business
men especially in the Northwest are awaiting
the action of Congress on that subject with
anxiety, and I think it demands with more
urgency than any other measure the consid-
eration and action of the Senate. I therefore
insist upon my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that it is utterly impossible to consider
before the holidays the bill in regard to con-
traction, because it will lead to debate and con-
siderable division of opinion in the Senate.
Besides, I have a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury which I think, when read, will
show the Senator thut there is no necessity for
its immediate consideration. There will be no
contraction during this month and next month,
nor until further provision is made by Con-
gress, and therefore there is no haste for taking
up the anti-contraction bill. I send the letter
to the desk and ask to have it read, and then I
hope the Senator will withdraw his motion.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Department,
December 18, 1B67.
Sib: Tour favor of this instant is received.
It is not my intention to retire and cancel any
United States notes this month, nor will the con-
dition of the Treasury and of the country justify me
in making tl\e usual contraction in the month of
January.
It may be proper for me further to say that while
I entertsfin the opinion that an early return to specie
payments is indispensable to the national prosperity,
and that specie payments cannot be restored without
a curtailment of the paper circulation of the coun-
try. I shall not continue to exercise the power of
reducing the circulation of United States notes con-
ferred upon me by the act of April 12, 1866, unless I
have reason to suppose that I shall be sustained in
doing so by Congress, nor until Congress shall have
a full opportunity for determining tho future finan-
cial policy of the Government. You can therefore
say to your committee that there will be no contrac-
tion of the currency by the Secretary during the
present month or the next.
I am, very truly yours,
hugh Mcculloch,
Secretary.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of Committee on
finance, United States Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I certainly desire to have
this bill taken up, and I wish to say, in answer
to the Senator from Ohio, that the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury does not settle the
policy of the country on this subject, which is
the important taatter. He says he cannot re-
tire any more notes this month or perhaps next
month, on account of the condition of the Treas-
ury, and he will not until the matter shall be
discussed by Congress and he knows whether
or not he will be sustained. But that does
not settle the policy of the country. What
the country wants to know is whether this
contraction will be resumed in the course of a !
month or two or whether it is now to be finally j
stopped. The business of the country for the
coming year will depend much on the settle-
ment of this question. It is left in more doubt
and uncertainty than ever if we shall stop at
this point; it will all depend upon the future
action of the Senate, and what that may be
after the holidays the people of the country
cannot now tell. That is what they want to
know.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask the Senator
a question. Does he expect that this anti-con-
traction bill will be taken up and passed in one
day? Does he suppose that is possible when
it takes a whole day to decide on a question
involving $125 worth of stationery and this
covers a great financial question? Here we
have a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury stating that he will not contract during
this month or next. That gives us nearly two
months to discuss this question. It is obvious,
therefore, that we ought not tg waste any time
oti it before the holidays.
Mr. MORTON. In answer I can only say
that this bill has been reported favorably by the
Committee on Finance, and I have no reason
to suppose there is to beany serious opposition
ottered to it in the Senate, and if there is not
why should it not be passed? We cannot do
better than spend the residue of our session
before the holidays in settling this important
question, because if we leave it in its present
condition the policy of the country is more
unsettled in the opinion of the people than it
has been in the past. If it be left as an uncer-
tain thing whether this bill is to pass the Sen-
ate or not what are the business men of the
country, or especially of the Northwest, to do?
They are awaiting the action of Congress on the
subject. Ithinkitisof much more importance
to the country to settle this question, if possi-
ble, before weadjournto-morrowthan any other
question before Congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator allow the Chair before putting that
question to lay before the Senate for reference
some bills from the House of Representatives ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 328) to establish certain
post roads was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) in rela-
tion to the sale of stock in the Dismal Swamp
Canal Company was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
publication of laws.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to offer a reso-
lution calling for information, and to have it
passed before we adjourn to-morrow. I pre-
sent it in the hope that it will be considered at
once:
Revolved, That tho Secretary of Stato be requested
to inform the Senate what is the amount of money
which is paid for publishing the laws of the United
States in the newspapers appointed for that purpose
since the 4th of March, 1861.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will simply say that
I propose to refer this information when ob-
tained to the Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that the
resolution has not yet been received.
ThePRESIDENT protempore. Itwasread
for information, and the question is whether
the Senate will consider it now or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to have it lie over,
because I desire to propose an amendment to
it calling for further information on the sub-
ject of counsel fees in that Department.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought I moved {in
adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I made a motion to ad-
journ, and I only yielded for an announcement
of the Chair.
Mr. MORTON. I arf in earnest about this
matter, and I desire to take the sense of the
Senate on taking up this measure for consider-
ation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill mentioned
by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 19, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
clerk to a committee.
Mr. BUCKLAND. I ask the unanimous I
consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be allowed a clerk, who shall be allowed
and paid the usual compensation allowed to clerks
of committees of the House.
| Mr. KERR. I object.
j delegate from new mexico.
I Mr..PETERS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be in-
structed to inquire and report without unnecessary
delay which of the two claimants to a seat in this
House as Delegate from New Mexico holds theprima
facie evidence of right to the same without preju-
dice to the contest upon the merits.
I understand that the committee are ready
andwillingto report to-day if called upon. The
resolution explains itself and I presume no
debate will arise upon it.
i The resolution was agreed to.
desertion, etc.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
[ The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports, and
: the unfinished business of yesterday is the bill
' reported yesterday by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs to furnish honorable discharges
to certain soldiers and sailors therein desig-
nated, and to repeal section twenty-one of an
act entitled "An act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to ptovide for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 18G5; upon
t which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
1 field] is entitled to the floor for five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will tho
, gentleman yield to me for a few moments ?
! Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
washington aqueduct.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported ad-
versely upon Senate bill No. 39, to provide
means for the prosecution of the work on the
distributing reservoir on the Washington aque-
duct ; and the same was laid on the tuble.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table,
The latter motion was agreed to.
bounty claims. '
Mr. CULLOM submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the present law in relation to the settle-
ment of military bounty c'aims as that all claims of
thesoldiersof the United Statesfor bounty under the
act of July 28, I860, shall be settled or adjusted by
the Second Auditor of the Treasury Department.
thanks to general hancock.
Mr. BOYER. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following for consideration at this
1 time :
Whereas it has been officially announced to Con-
gress by the President of the United States that an
order was issued by Major General Winfield S. Han-
cock, commander of the fifth military district, dated
headquarters in New Orleans, Loui?iaifa,on the 29th
day of November ultimo, in which General Hancock
announces that he will make the law.the rule of his
conduct; that he will uphold the courts and other
civil authorities in the performance of cheir proper
duties; that he will use his military power only to
preserve the pcace and enforce the law; that the
sacred right ot trial by jury and the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus shall not be crushed out or
trodden underfoot; and that the principles of Amer-
ican liberty are still the inheritance of this people
and ever should be: Therefore,
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Uni-
tea States, (the Senate concurring,) That the thanks
of Congress are hereby tendered to General Hancock
for the patriotic example of duty he has set, and for
his timely vindication of the supremacy of the civil
law as guarantied in the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. SPALDING. I object, and demand
the regular order.
