1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gence, and social life. The few loyal white
> men who ever remained true to their country,
the seven hundred thousand newly enfranchised
black men, t,he men from the loyal North who
had sought homes in the land of the rebellion
where so many of their comrades lay buried,
and a few thousand repentant rebels, have bat-
tled during the past year for the restoration of
the rebel States on the basis of loyalty and
Impartial liberty.
They elected ten constitutional conventions
by decisive majorities; have framed nine con-
stitutions, and have ratified the constitutions
in seven States by a popular majority of more
than one hundred thousand. They havdftlected
thirty-three Representatives, twenty-eight Re-
publican and five Democratic, and two Repub-
lican Senators, and are ready at the earliest
moment to elect twelve more Republican Sen-
ators.
Seven States have complied with the terms
and conditions we. imposed upon them, so far
as they can do so without further legislation
on our part or further action on the part of
our military commanders. These States are
here asking us to redeem our plighted faith by
restoring them to their practical relations. Who
of us dreamed one year ago that these seven
States, with loyal Representatives and consti-
tutions indorsed by one hundred thousand
popular majority, would be here demanding
restoration and admission? And yet, sir, this
is the fourth day of the debate in the Senate
of the United States on welcoming back one
of these returning sister States. Sir, I would
welcome back these States with their reformed
constitutions and loyal representation with a
glad heart, with bonfires and illuminations.
What do these returning States bring back with
them? They bring back seven States pledged
to the unity of the Republic, impartial liberty,
equal suffrage to all classes and conditions of
men, without distinction of color or race. These
returning States bring us constitutions repub-
lican in form and spirit. The most republican
constitution in the land is the constitution of
North Carolina. I bid them welcome, a thou-
sand times welcome, into the sisterhood of
loyalty and unity.
The men who have fought in these States
the great battle of restoration on the basis of
loyalty and equality of rights and privileges
are under the ban and proscription of the rebel
officers whom we left in power. They are
under social proscription. These brave men,
who had carried reconstruction, have been
compelled to act against the most powerful op-
position. Professional men have been socially
proscribed, merchants have been ruined, me-
chanics have been beggared, and laboring
men have been dismissed from employment by
hundreds of thousands. Thousands have been
reduced to beggary and almost to starvation ;
many have been insulted and some murdered.
Some are from their homes proscribed for their !
fidelity to our policy, who dare not return to'
their homes until we allow the officers whom
they have chosen to take possession of their
State government^, and by legislation, by law,
and by State authority throw the shield of
protection over thein. And yet, sir, every
effort to turn the rebel officers in those States
out of power, to put the governments of those
States into the hands of loyal men, as true to
the country and to liberty as wc arc, men who
have risked more than we have risked, and
who have done what we have never been called
upon to do, is resisted in every form. Away
with all these quibbles, these doubts and fears.
Admit Arkansas and her returning sisters at
otiee, and hail and welcome our brave com-
rades who bring back these States as trophies
of the battles they have fought and the vic-
tories they have won.
I am for the immediate passage of this bill
for the admission of Arkansas ; and when we
have admitted that State, I am for proceeding
at once to admit the other six States now
ready for restoration. I will never consent
to the adjournment of Congress'until these
seven States, that have ratified their constitu-
tions and elected their State officers, are admit-
ted to representation and their representatives
take their seats in these Chambers.
But we are told that these States must not
come in until the fourteenth article of amend-
ment becomes a part of the Constitution of the
United States. Pass this bill; admit Arkansas,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Florida, Louisiana, and Alabama, and within
forty days that amendment will become a part
of the Constitution. Twenty-two States, includ-
ing Arkansas, have adopted that article of
amendment, and there are six States with
Legislatures ready to adopt it whenever we
enable them to do so. When these six States
shall have adopted it, then twenty-eight States
will have adopted it and it will become, if it is
not already, a part of the Constitution. I
believe that constitutional amendment, sub-
mitted by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, is already
a part of the Constitution of the United States,
but many of the ablest legal minds of the
country doubt or deny it. The Legislatures
of Ohio and New Jersey have withdrawn the
assent of those States to its adoption. Whether
they have a right to do so or not, if the ques-
tion remains an open one, other States may
follow their example. Oregon votes next Mon-
day, and it is possible that she may elect a
Legislatureopposed to the constitutional amend
ment, and that Legislature may withdraw the
assent of that State.
If twenty-eight States are necessary to the
adoption of that constitutional amendment, I
implore the friends of thatamendment to admit
these seven States at once, and thus secure the
twenty-eight States necessary to make the
amendment a part of the Constitution. ■ If the
votes of twenty-eight States are necessary, then
let us avail ourselves at once of the proffered
vote of these States. The black men of the
South, to whom we intrusted the grand work
of restoring the rebel States upon the basis of
loyalty, liberty, and manhood suffrage, have,
with unsurpassed fidelity to principle and at a
sacrifice that no people in our country were
ever summoned to make, achieved the victory
in seven States. To them belongs the high
honor of restoring seven rebel States, and of
incorporating into the Constitution those pro-
visions that define American citizenship and
give it protection everywhere within the limits
of the Union, the laws of any State to the con-
trary notwithstanding. I make no partisan
appeals. I would vote for the admission of
Arkansas if 1 believed she would cast her vote
against the party of unity and liberty in the
coming contest. In this work of restoration
we must trust the whole people of those States
and abide the consequences. But, sir, I wantthe
loyal people of these States to share with us in
the coming struggle that shall settle or unsettle
all that has been achieved in the field and in
the councils of the nation during the last eight
years. The men who have been so true, who
have borne so much, suffered so much, resisted
so much, surely cannot fail us in the great
battle that is to settle forever the issues we
have fought for on bloody fields and struggled
for in these Chambers. I believe that these
seven States now demanding admission, if
restored at once, will give more than one hun-
dred thousand majority for General Grant.
I hope that the motion made by th'e Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] will receive no
support in the Senate. I hope, too, that the
motion made by the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Ferry] will not prevail. Gentlemen of
great legal learning tell us that it has no force
in law whatever; other gentlemen, equally
learned in the law, tell us that it has the binding
force of law. Whether it has legal force or
not there is I am sure moral power in it. If,
hereafter, any attempt is made to change that
portion of the Constitution that guaranties
equal rights and privileges to all, the friends of
equal rights will lean upon this fundamental
condition for support. So believing I shall vote
against the. amendment and all amendments,
and for the bill as it came to us from the House
of Representatives. I wish that the loyal rep-
resentatives of these seven States could at once
take their seats with us in these Chambers.
I hen we could, in the language of that great
convention representing three millions ofvoters,
recently assembled at Chicago, '"congratulate
the country on the assured success of the
recoastruction policy of Congress."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I fully sympathize in my opinions and feelings
with the remarks of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts as to the propriety, at'the earliest
possible day, whatever may be their political
complexion, of having the States admitted to
representation in the Union. But, sir, I cannot
agree with the Senator in saying that the Sen-
ate ought to pass the bill for the admission of
Arkansas as it comes to us from the House of
Representatives. That bill contains this pro-
vision :
That the constitution of Arkansas shall never be
so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen or
class of citizens of the United States.of the right to
vote who are entitled to vote by the oonstiation herein
recognized, except as a punishment tor such crimes
as are now felonies at common law; whereof they
shall have been duly convicted.
In other words, the bill provides that for all
time the State of Arkansas, without forfeiting
her position in the Union, and her right to
representation, shall never make it requisite
that a voter shall have the ability to read as a
qualification; that they shall never have the
right to change the time of residence required
as a qualification of voting, or otherwise mod-
ify the qualification of suffrage; this bill holds
that State down for all time to the rigid rule
of the present constitution. For this reason, I
think that this fundamental condition ought to
be stricken out.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Dkake] has
introduced an amendment to take the place of
this fundamental condition, which amendment
contains three propositions: first, that the four-
teenth amendment shall be a part of the con-
stitution of Arkansas; second, that the four-
teenth amendment shall become a part of the
Constitution of the United States ; and third,
that there shall be no change in the qualifica-
tion of suffrage on account of race or color.
As to the first proposition, that the fourteenth
amendment shall become a part of the consti-"
tution of Arkansas, it is entirely unnecessary,
as the Legislature of Arkansas has already
adopted that amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Is there any evidence
before the Senate of that fact?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir; there
is 110 doubt about it.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; we have the
official evidence.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. As to the other
proposition, that the fourteenth amendment
must become a part of the Constitution of the
United States before Arkansas is admitted, I
have a word to say. In the first place, that
amendment has been adopted by twenty-three
States, including Ohio and New Jersey, or
twenty-one without those States. There are
eight States now ready to be admitted, and
probably will be admitted in the course of
forty days. If Arkansas does all that Arkan-
sas can do toward making that fourteenth
amendment a part of the Constitution of the
United States, I think she is entitled to come
here. I have not heard any reason given to
the pertinent question put by the honorable
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] as to
how the admission of Arkansas into the Union,
since she had voted in favor of making the
fourteenth amendment a part of the Constitu-
tion, imperils or interferes with the fourteenth
amendment becoming a part of the Constitu-
tion, and there is no answer that can be given
to it. Certainly we do not render it less prob-
able that the fourteenth amendment will become
a part of the Constitution by admitting Arkan-
sas, which has adopted it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose Arkansas
should repeal that vote, as other States have
done ? .,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I hold that neither Arkansas nor Ohio nor
