1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist that the reg- i
ular order shall be proceeded with. 1
DESERTION, ETC.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of a bill to furnish honorable
discharges to certain soldiers and sailors therein
designated, and to repeal section twenty-one
of an act entitled " An act to amend the several
acts heretofore passed to provide for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes,'' approved March 3, 18(15;
upon which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] is entitled to the floor. '
.Mr. GARFIELD. I promised on yesterday
to allow the debate to go on a short time. Two
of the members of the Committee on Military
Affairs desire to speak; and I will yield for ten
oiin utes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I believe
the gentleman has but five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is entitled to the floor
for five minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I will yield the
floor absolutely to my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Boyer,] and hope that at the end
of ten minutes he will yield to some other
member of the committee.
Mr. BOYER. Inasmuch as the gentleman
has yielded the floor to me for ten minutes, I
would inquire whether he has any ten minutes
to yield ?
The SPEAKER. He has not.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield the floor abso-
lutely, merely expressing the hope that the
gentleman would yield some time to others.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
a few words in favor of the passage of the sec-
ond section of the bill now before the House.
1 ara in favor of the repeal of the twenty-first
section of the act of the 3d of March, 1805,
in relation to deserters, because I think that
the penalty which it provides is entirely too
sweeping in its application.
I do not deny that desertion is a crime, nor
do I hold that it should not be punished by the
severest penalties of the law, and yet I see no
occasion for continuing an unusual penalty like
this upon the statute-book. It was enacted at
a time when the country was in the midst of a
great civil war, and as a war measure of per-
haps doubtful propriety. It did not do away,
however, with any of the ordinary means of
trying and punishing deserters, and if we repeal
the section it will leave the law with reference
to desertion precisely where it was at the time
that section was passed.
There are different degrees of guilt involved
in the offense of desertion. Some men desert
from cowardice, which, although one of the
most disgraceful acts, surely cannot be set down
as one of the most criminal in its nature.
Some men desert because they suppose that
they have received some injury at the hands
of their superiors; in a moment of pique they
leave the Army to escape from its hardships
and supposed injustice. Others desert, per-
haps, because they have a destitute family at
home; because their children are crying for
bread; and they fly to the rescue of those
dependent .upon them alone, or it may be they
go to receive the last embrace of a dying wife.
Others, as we know, deserted after the war bad
actually closed because they supposed that they
had been unlawfully kept in the service by the
Government beyond the period for which they
had enlisted. Congress thought it necessary
to pass an act for the purpose of relieving this
latter class of deserters. The term of their
enlistment being for three years or the war,
they concluded that when the war was over
that they were released from their engagements;
and so they left the Army under a conviction
of personal right. Yet these men were included
within the section which it is now proposed to
repeal. But Congress thought it necessary to
relieve them by the passage of an act approved
July 19, 1807, which provides that—
No soldier or sailor shall be taken or held to be
  deserter from the Army or Navy who faithfully
served according to his enlistment until the 19th
day of April, 16t>o, and who, without proper author-
ity or leave first obtained, did quit his command or
refuse toserve after said date.
Those other classes of deserters which I have
enumerated, I think, stand equally in nped, !
for the sake of humanity, of a remission of this
penalty, which in a republican Government
ought never to be visited upon the head of
any citizen except indeed for the most heinous
crimes.
Mr. Speaker, do gentlemen know what class
of men are to be found recorded upon the rolls
| of the Army as deserters? I can tell them,
from my own personal knowledge, that among
these will be found thousands who died upon
! the field of battle under their country's flag—
thousands who yielded up their lives in rebel
prisons for the Union cause. On this list of
deserters will be found the names of men who
led companies and regiments upon the field of
battle after the period when their names were
put upon the roll as deserters, where they still
1 remain.
: Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a question?
Mr. BOYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Cannot
these gentlemen have their wrongs righted by
having the record in the War Department cor-
rected?
Mr. BOYER. These men may perhaps,
after a great deal of trouble and considerable
expense, have their wrongs righted if they
can furnish the necessary evidence. All of us
know the trouble, expense, and delay gener-
ally attendant upon the pursuit of rights in the
various Departments of the Government, and
I I say that none of the blameless heroes of the
' war ought to be subjected to that kind of
trouble, expense, delay, or uncertainty in
order to obtain their rights, and they ought
never to have been subjected to such injustice
| or inconvenience.
i I do not intend at this time to discuss the
j', justification of Congress in having, under the
I pressure of extraordinary circumstances, and
I in a perilous hour for the Republic, passed
I this act. But now, after the war has been
! over for two years, it is useless and inhuman
to continue such a law upon the statute-book.
When the punishment of desertion is left, as
the law left it before, to courts-martial, dis-
criminations can be made between the differ-
ent classes of deserters, and the penalty can
be graduated according to the infamy or guilt
of their respective acts. If they have deserted
to the enemy they may be shot. If they have
deserted from even a less criminal motive
their lives may still be forfeited. Why not
arrest and try deserters under the ordinary
laws of the land, and if they are guilty visit
upon their heads whatever penalty their crime
j may be thought to deserve ?
j Now, this section which is proposed to be
repealed is unconstitutional as well as other-
wise objectionable, because it is in its first
clause an ex.post facto law. Mark the words:
That in addition to the other lawful penalties of
the crime of desertion from the military or naval
' service, all persons who have deserted the military
or naval service of the United States, who shall not
return to said service or report themselves to a pro-
vost marshal within sixty days after the proclama-
tion hereinafter mentioned, shall be deemed and
taken to have voluntarily relinquished and forfeited
their rights of citizenship and their right to become
eitiiens; and such deserters shall be forever incapa-
ble of holding any office of trust or profit under the
United States or of exercising any rights of citizens
thereof.
That clause of itself would be sufficient to
condemn this law and demand its instant re-
peal.
In a subsequent clause it includes every man
who, being enrolled, departed the jurisdiction
of the district in which he was enrolled and
went beyond the limits of the United States to
: avoid the draft for the military or naval service.
! Upon the deserters' rolls are to be found the
ji names of many persons who never had any
i intention to desert either from the military or
naval service of the United States, but who
innocently removed from their districts after
being enrolled, and who were not afterward
present to answer to the draft because they no
longer resided in their enrollment district.
To this day, I repeat, hundreds and thousands
of persons—men who departed from their en-
rollment districts under these circumstances—
are to be found upon the deserters' lists. Yet,
prima facie, they are held to be deserters.
I know well in the election of 1806 in the
State of Pennsylvania lists were made out and
sent through all the election districts, and elec-
tion officers were asked to decide upon these
cases and to exclude the votes of all found upon
those lists, including, as I have before said, many
who were entirely innocent of any offense what-
soever. And the election officers undertook,
in many instances, to sit as a jury to try these
offenses. The result was that some were prose-
cuted under the law; and the supreme court
of the State of Pennsylvania decided that the
act of Congress contemplated trial before a
court-martial or else before a jury before any
man could under it be disfranchised or deprived
of his right to vote. The consequence is that
in the State of Pennsylvania the law is practi-
cally a nullity, because in that good, honest
old Commonwealth the hate and discord engen-
dered by the war are beginning to die out.
And, sir, there are few there any longer willing
to go to the trouble to prosecute in court a man
who two years ago, under unknown circum-
stances, was not present at the roll-call of his
company.
It is true, Mr. Speaker, I think, that all of'
us should unite together for the purpose of
erasing the footprints of that calamitous war
which has devastated this land. The time must
come, sooner or later, when we shall dwell
together in unity. Everywhere we should
begin to welcome such a blessing and endeavor
to forget the dreadful memories of the past.
We have been told here on former occasions
that even in Pennsylvania we have not a repub-
lican form of government , because a small part
of the population, by reason of race and color,
are not permitted to exercise the elective fran-
chise. And a committee of discovery has been
sent to the State of Maryland to find out whether,
for the same reason that State is not wanting
in a republican form of government. Let us
therefore be consistent, and make no whole-
sale disfranchisement of citizens anywhere.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Does citi-
zenship include the right to vote? Is voting
the right of a citizen?
Mr. BOYER. In many of the States, per-
haps in most of the States, no man is a citizen
of the State unless he is also a citizen of the
United States, and no man can vote unless he
be a citizen of the State. That is an answer
to the gentleman's question. Now I yield the
floor to my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Pile. ]
Mr. PILE yielded to
Mr. BENJAMIN, who moved the following
amendment:
Provided, That nothing in thisactshall be construed
> as relieving from the penalties and disabilities of the
j said twenty-first section any person who deserted
1 from the Army of the United States and went over to
( the enemy,
Mr. GARFIELD. I cheerfully accept that
so far as I am concerned.
Mr. BAKER. I presume the gentleman
means the Army and Navy ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make that modifica-
tion.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, if we give atten-
tion to the number of classes of men and their
characters as indicated by their conduct in con-
nection with the Army to whom this twenty-
first section proposed to be repealed applies,
we shall be able, I think, to vote intelligently
and correctly on the pending question. By
reference to the report of the Provost Marshal
General it will be seen that the number of
deserters in the aggregate as reported is two hun-
dred and seventy-eight thousand six hundred
