1868.
THE CONGEESSKMAL GLOBE.
1667
not hold a man to ultimate and everlasting con-
demnation because, when the rehel tempest
first burst upon him, he may have become dis-
concerted for a moment, and suffered himself
to be overborne into some action which his
judgment did not approve, which his princi-
ples did not sanction, which his real will did
not concurin, and which his whole action there-
after, as before, contradicts and atones for.
Such I conceive to be the case of Mr. Butler,
and therefore it is that I earnestly urge his
admission, in some proper manner, as a mem-
ber of this House.
Mr. CHANLER obtained the floor.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] yield to me for three or
four minutes?
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly, if the gentle-
man will designate for what purpose he desires
the floor.
Mr. PRICE. Merely to explain my position
in reference to this question.
Mr. CHANLER. I will yield the gentleman
five or ten minutes.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, when I put my
question a few moments ago to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Baker] I did it without any
intention of reflecting upon the patriotism or
the bravery or any other good quality that Mr.
Butler may justly claim to possess or that his
friends may claim for him. It struck me,
however, as a little singular that the testimony
of Governor Brownlow should be quoted in a
case of this kind, when under similar circum-
stances he himself practiced the very reverse
of what Mr. Butler has done. I will say in
reference to Mr. Butler that I do not doubt his
patriotism, I do not doubt his bravery, I do
not doubt that he is all that his friends claim
him to be, and that he is worthy of a better
fate than that which my vote would give him
in this House.
But, sir, while I occupy a seat upon this
floor, while I say to one man who comes here
as a Democrat he shall not come in unless he
can truthfully take that test-oath, I will apply
the same rule to a man who comes here elected
by Republican votes. And with my present
view of the subject, while I occupy a place
upon this floor, I never intend, when I have a
vote to cast on this question, to abate one jot
or tittle of the stringency, force, and effect of
that test-oath in respect to any man, whether
he comes from the Democratic ranks or from
the Republican ranks. If I should make any
such distinction I should consider myself un-
worthy to sit upon this floor. I look upon this
test-oath as the safeguard of the Republic, and
while it may operate injuriously upon one man,
while it may operate hardly upon one man, I
call in an authority from which no appeal can
be taken, better that some such man as Mr.
Butler shall suffer, better that some true and
tried patriot should be compelled to remain at
home, than that we should abate one jot or tittle
of the stringency of that test-oath which, I be-
lieve is the only barrier to prevent disloyal
men from getting places in Congress and the
only safeguard for the protection of the loyal
people of this Union.
Mr. COOK. I have the permission of the
gentleman from New York to move the follow-
ing amendment to the motion of my colleague:
With instructions to report a general law provid-
ing that no person elected to this House shall be re-
quired to take the oath of office required by the act
of July 2,1862, if such person shall have been relieved
from disability to hold office in the manner pre-
scribed in the article of the Constitution of the Uni -
ted States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress as
the fourteenth article; and secondly, to report a bill
to remove the disability of R. It. Butler in the man-
ner provided by said article, with leave to report at
any time.
Mr. SCOPIELD, Will the gentleman from
New York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. CHANLER. I do.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I have one
objection to the measure proposed by my friend
from Illinois. I have no objection to the gen-
eral law, but I wish to call attention to the
fact, that when you have a general law you will
have to have a special bill in each case. The
general law would be nothing but a declaration
of what the House would do. We pift a gen-
eral law upon the statute-book which says that
when anybody gets an act through relieving
him from disabilities he shall be relieved from
taking that oath, but in each case he must have
an act put through for himself.
_ The proposition of the Committee of Elec-
tions is to put through an act relieving Judge
Butler. Here it is proposed, before we pass
this special act, that we shall declare in ad-
vance we will do the same thing for everybody
else who will apply. I have no objection to
that; but, after all, gentlemen are cheating
themselves when they think by passing this
general bill they are preserving their consist-
ency. The general bill is nothing but an in-
timation to everybody that if they can get a
bill through to come here and he will be re-
leased from taking that part of the test-oath
which declares—
"That I have neither sought nor accepted nor at-
tempted to exercise the functions of any office what-
ever under any authority or pretended authority in
hostility to the United States."
That is all there is of it. When you get
through a general bill, then you have to pass
this special bill. It is an advertisement to all
men who can come with like recommenda-
tions that they shall be relieved in like man-
ner. What, then, is the reason of a general
law which is merely an advertisement of what
we will do in like cases?
Mr. BROMWELL. I have no doubt, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman from Tennessee,
Mr. Butler, is all that he has been described.
In my opinion the question is whether the coun-
try can afford to now tamper with this test-
oath. However excellent his character may
have been, however valuable his services to the
country, however great his patriotism and his
sacrifices, I for one shall adopt the plan sug-
gested by my colleague, and that is to declare
by a general law all of a certain class of men
shall be exempt from taking this test-oath
when they shall be exempted from disability
under the law.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me one word.
Mr. BROMWELL. For a moment.
Mr, SCOPIELD. I would like to know how
any person who might apply to be relieved from
taking that oath could be benefited by having
a declaration made in advance in the form of
what my friend calls a general law. He would
have to come to Congress and get a special act
passed relieving him personally byname. Now,
it does not benefit him a particle that you put
in the statute-book in advance a declaration
that you will do it for all such men. Here this
gentleman comes from Tennessee, and you
refuse to do it with him, but you propose to
put on your statute'book a declaration that you
will do it forever hereafter, and so he must
come again.
Mr. BROMWELL. It seems to me the
gentleman from Pennsylvania does not under-
stand me.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I can say the same of the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BROMWELL. I have not proposed to
pass a law declaring that Congress will relieve
from disability the men who apply for it. On
the contrary, I propose to have a law prohibit-
ory and declaring that none but those who may
be so relieved shall be exempt from taking the
oath.
Mr. SCOFIELD. _ The gentleman did not
understand me. His general law is only a
declaration that we will hereafter relieve any-
body that wo choose to relieve. That is all
there is of it.
Mr. BROMWELL. A general law, as I
understand it, would be so far an exception to
the present law that any one thereafter receiv-
ing from Congress an exemption would be qual-
ified to be inducted into office without taking
the test-oath. That would be a general law,
anditseems to me, if we are going to begin thus
early in taking down the bars and fences which
we have thrown around the introduction of men
who have in soma way been entangled With the
rebellion, we had better do it by some general
law which will at least have nothing in the
nature of tampering with.or mutilating the t«st
that we have heretofore prescribed. ' 1 am
opposed to that. I believe this.country cannot
afford at this time to begin to mutilate these
safeguards of loyalty and of the Union which
were found so very necessary and which wero
so recently enacted.
Mr. BAKER. I would like to ask my col-
league whether this country cannot afford at this
time and at all times to admit to this floor a
so„und Union man?
Mr. BROMWELL. In answer to that 
Mr. CHANLER. I do not think that ques-
tion calls for an answer from the gentleman;
I do not think he is in any danger from it,
and therefore I resume the floor and yield to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. I will send to the desk to be
read an amendment which I propose to the
joint resolution in the nature of a preamble.
The chairman of the Committee of Elections
has consented that when he withdraws the mo-
tion to recommit this amendment may be en-
tertained by the House. I do not ask the
House to indulge me in any remarks upon the
question now, but at the proper time I shall
take occasion to say something respecting this
amendment, which embodies the only reason
upon which I could possibly rest a vote in
favor of the resolution.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment of
Mr. Paine, in the nature of a preamble, as
follows:
Whereas It. R. Butler, Representative-elect from
the first congressional district of Tennesseo, per-
formed honorable service in the Army of the United
States from September, 1S63, till May, 1861: There-
fore
Mr. CHANLER resumed the floor.
Mr. KELSEY. If my colleague will yield
to me I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CHANLER. I do so.
constitution 01' alabama.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the General commanding the armies
of the United States be instructed to report to this
House the number of votes cast under the reconstruc-
tion laws up to the present time for the adoption of
the constitution for the State of Alabama, and alao
the number of votes cast under said laws up to the
present time against theadoption of said constitution.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I object.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed bills of the following titles, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 190) to further provide for
giving effect to the various grants of public
lands to the State of Nevada.
An act (S. No. 268) for the relief of the legal
representatives of the late Philip R. Fendall.
An act (S. No. 347) to confirm title to Ethan
Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke to cer-
tain lands in the State of Florida, claimed
under a grant from the Spanish Government.
SALE OF PROPERTY AT IIARPElt's PERKY.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, of West
Virginia, by unanimous consent, bill of the
Senate (S. No. 186) providing for tho sale of
lands, tenements, and water privileges belong-
ing to the United States at and near Harper s
Ferry,'in the county of Jefferson, West Vir-
ginia, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for one week for Messrs. Williams,
of Indiana, Coburn, Shanks, and Washburn,
of Indiana.
DUTY ON COPPER.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Whereas tho duty on foreign copper in the present
tariff law is so low and disproportioned to that fixed
upoil other important American productions that
