Tm CONGRESSIO^ii GLOBS.
March 4,
utter ruin is threatened to the copper producers <rf
the country, whoso works and mines in consequence
have been abandoned and operations suspended,
throwing thousands of men out of employment,
and compelling their families to obtain subsistence
through public and private charity; and whereas
the duty on iron is sixty per cent., on lead about
fifty per oont., while on ingot copper it is less than
fifteep per cent., and on copper ores only live per
cent.: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committer of Ways and Means
be requested, withoutdelay, to inquire, into the jus-
tice aiul expediency of so amending the tariff laws
as to require a duty to be paid on imported ingot,
pig, bar, and rollod copper of five cents per pound,
on pure copper in regulus four cents pur pound, and
on pure copper in ores three cents per pound, and
report to the House by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ALLISON. Is that an instruction to
the committee ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not man-
datory.
Mr. SCHENCK. It contains instructions
that the committee report "withoutdelay" a
bill for a certain purpose.
Mr. DRIGGS. It merely instructs them to
inquire into the expediency of reporting such
a bill. They may report for or agaiust it, just
aa they like.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to. say that*the
Committee of Ways and Means are now busy
with the internal tax bill, and they propose to
take up this and other matters, but they ought
not to be instructed to lay aside other matters
in order to report without delay upon this sub-
ject. I shall, therefore, ask that the resolu-
tion may go to the committee without action
of the House upon it. I do not objcct to the
introduction of the resolution, but 1 ask that
it bo referred to the committee.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will modify the resolution
bjwstriking ont the words "without delay."
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
oregon war claims.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent,
presented a communication from Senators
Williams and Coubett, of Oregon, in regard
to the Oregon Indian war claims of 1855-1856,
&c.; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. STEWART, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War be requested
to inform this House whether in his judgment, it
would not be desirable, for the purpose of economy
and the safety of the public property in the city of
New York, to purchase ground on the battery suffi-
cient to erect suitable warehouses; and that he also
communieato the probable area of ground which will
be required.
luther m'neal.
Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 800) for the re-
lief of Luther McNeal, late postmaster at Lan-
caster, Erie county, New York; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
claim agents, bounties, etc.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and adopted :
"Whereas it is alleged that certain claim agents in
the country are, by misrepresentation and fraud,
obtaining from soldiers and sailors, fora trifling con-
sideration, their discharge and other papers showing
their claims against tho Government, and are also
obtaining assignments of their claims for bounty,
back pay, &.C., and are actually collecting the same,
notwithstanding existing laws upon the subject;
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the subject and report
what further legislation is needed in the premises to
the end that the soldiers and sailors of tho Republic
may be better protected in the future, and those who
thus wrong them may be brought to merited punish-
ment, and that said committee havo leave to report
b>* bill or otherwise.
bounty and pensions.
Mr. McCORMICK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs:
Whereas, during the reeent war to suppress the
rebellion, officers and soldiers are often reported on
the muster-out rolls of then: respective companies as
" lost," or "missing," some of whom have not since
been heard of by their families, but m whose c _ses,
owing to .the impossibility of legal and conclusive
proof of death, their representatives cannot collect
the back pay, bounty, or pensions due them; There-
in it resolved. That tho Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of passing a law providing that said legal represent-
atives of such officers or soldiers, reported " lost' or
" missing" in the line of thoir duty, and who shall
not be heard from for four years after the events,
shall be deemed and considered as having dieu m the
line of duty, and their representatives entitled to
said back pay. bounty, and pension, on proof of
the facts according to the regulations of tho proper
Departments,
duncan l. clinch, deceased.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that Senate bill No. 308, for the
relief of the heirs of the late General Duncan
L. Clinch, deceased, betaken from the Speak-
er's table, in order that I may move a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
cherokee indian lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
have ordered printed some supplemental papers
in the Cherokee Indian lands case.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to reconsider the
various votes agreeing to resolutions and re-
ferring matters to committees; and I also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled, bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of settlers
on the late Sioux Indian reservation in the
State of Minnesota; and
An act (H. R. No. 600) restoring lands to
market along the line of the Pacific railroads
and branches.
leave oe absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for four days for Mr. Moore, of
New Jersey, and Mr. McCarthy, of New York.
railing in old hall.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit, for consideration at the present time,
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker be requested to direct
the architect of the Capitol building to cause to bo
removed forthwith tho high and unsightly iron fence
now forming a lane through tho old Hall of tile
Houso of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hardly think that should
be acted upon precipitately. I will not object
to the introduction of the resolution if it can
be referred to some appropriate committee;
say the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds; but I must object to it otherwise.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought we were a com-
mittee of the whole on that subject, and that
every gentleman of good taste had been offended
by the unseemly structure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
Chair if that railing has not been already
ordered to be removed?
The SPEAKER. A clause to that effect
was inserted in an appropriation bill by the
House in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House has already
ordered the removal of this obstruction, I will
withdraw my objection to the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. It never became a part
of the law.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national banks in liquidation.
Mr. BARNES. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for consideration at this time, a
joint resolution respecting national banks in
liquidation. I ask that it be read.
The joint resolution was read. The first
section directs tho Comptroller of the Currency
to publish a detailed statement of the assets,
liabilities, and general condition of all national
banks in the hands of receivers, or which may
be in liquidation on the first Monday of March,
1868, and thereafter on the first Monday of
January, April, July, and October, of each
year, in one paper in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, and in one paper in the
place where said bank may be located, as pro-
vided for the publication of their returns in sec-
tion thirty-four of the act to provide a national
currency, &c., approved June 3, 1864.
The second section provides that after full
provision shall first have been made for re-
funding to the United States all deficiencies,
as provided for in section fifty of the act afore-
said, the Comptroller of the Currency shall
make ratable dividend of the assets of said
banks to the creditors thereof once in each
calendar month, if such dividends shall be
equal to twenty per cent, of its indebtedness,
and once in three months if such dividends
shall be equal to ten per cent, of its indebted-
ness.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this bill should
be referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency. I will not object to its introduction
if it be so referred.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 226) respecting national banks
in liquidation, was introduced, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee oa
Banking and Currency.
ollder 0¥ business.
Mr. KELSBY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to
yield a moment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw for a moment the motion to adjourn
that I may ask unanimous consent to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 308, for the
relief of Mrs. Anderson. I trust there will be
no objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. HARDING. I demand the regular
order.
The motion of Mr. Kelsey was agreed to;
and the House (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: A memorial of Thomas
Barber, James S. Barber, Harry W. Lightman,
and 30 others, for decrease of taxation.
By Mr. IIALSEY: A memorial of New
Jersey carriage manufacturers, asking Congress
to relieve them from taxation.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Utah: A memorial
of the Legislature and Governor of Utah Ter-
ritory, asking for an appropriation to pay pub-
lic printer for printing the codified laws of said
Territory, sessions 1866 and 1867.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Joshua
S. Morris, of Claiborne county, Mississippi,
praying for the removal from him of civil and
military disability.
By Mr. MYERS: A memorial of Sarah E.
Brooker, widow of William H. Brooker, de-
ceased, late first lieutenant company D, eighty-
first Pennsylvania volunteers, asking that her
pension may date from his discharge on ac-
count of disability contracted in the service.
Also, a memorial of the city councils of
Philadelphia, asking that the city ice-boat be
exempt from United States taxation.
Also, petitions of Philadelphia lithograph-
ers and Philadelphia printers, against the
passage of a national copy-right law.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of pub-
lishers, bookbinders, printers, stereotypers,
I lithographers, and others, citizens of Philadel-
