284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
and forty-four. I inquired this morning at the
Adjutant General's Office and of the officers of
the Bureau of Military Justice as to the class-
ification of these deserters, and from the best
information obtained I learn that not live thou-
sand of that number deserted to the enemy.
A number of those who did so desert deserted
from rebel prisons und«r the terrible treatment
to which they were subjected in Andersonville
ar. I otherprisons. Prom one third to one half
of the whole number reported as deserters left
the Army and went home under this class of
circumstances, from dissatisfaction with their
officers or a want of knowledge of the character
of military law. Men went into the Army
at first under impulses of patriotism without
any experience in military service, without
any knowledge of the duties and obligations of
military service, and after having been away
from home for a short time believed that they
might go home and have a week or a month
with their families, and then enlist in other
regiments and discharge their duty to the
country and to its flag without committing any
specific crime. A very large number of those
borne on the rolls technically as deserters were
men of this class, and who afterward enlisted
and served the country faithfully, many of them
until the close of the war.
Another class of deserters were those who
enlisted for the bounty and deserted afterward
and then enlisted in order to secure additional
bounty ; aclass of men, I must say for myself,
that deserve as little sympathy on the part of
the law-making authority of the Government
as those who really and absolutely deserted to
the enemy.
Now, if these facts and statistics be correct,
then by this twenty-first section we are imposing
the penalty of expatriation and disfranchise-
ment upon from on^ hundred and seventy-five to
two hundred thousand men for the purpose of
reaching the officers of the Army andNayy who
left the military and naval service and went
into the rebellion and the five thousand who
deserted to the enemy and the men who left the
country to avoid the draft.
Now, I believe that it is a principle of crim-
inal jurisprudence that it is always better
to let one hundred guilty men go unpunished
than to punish one innocent man. Whether
that be true as applied to the case in hand or
not, I think it is true that we ought not to
punish a majority of comparatively innocent
men for the sake of reaching a minority of
guilty men. I think that we can so amend and
change this law as to shut out from the relief
proposed to be granted the officers of the Army
and Navy who left the service and went into
the rebellion, those who deserted and went to
the enemy, and those who deserted and reen-
ligted for the sake of obtaining bounty, and at
the same time relieve that large class of men
who are borne as deserters on the rolls of the
War Department, but who were not really
guilty of the crime of desertion. Many men
left their regiments under the impression that
their services could be dispensed with for two
or three weeks, and from the fact that they
could not get leave of absence, and went home
perhaps to see a sick wife or child or to attend
the funeral of a father or mother. A large
number of others went home on leave of ab-
sence and failed to reach their regiments,
being taken sick on their way to rejoin their
regiments and finding their way into hospitals.
They appear on the rolls of the War Depart-
ment as deserters when t|iey never intended
to be absent without leave even for one day.
From the detailed report of -the Provost Mar-
shal General to which I have referred you will
find that thirty-three thousand of this aggre-
gate number of deserters standing on the rec-
ords of the War Department are from general
hospitals.
Now, sir, for these facts and reasons I think
that this bill ought to be recommitted to the Coin-
mittee on Military Affairs for the purpose of so
modifying this twenty-first section of the law
referred to us 10 grant absolute and substantial
relief to all this class of men who have not
been guilty of the crime of desertion, but are
borne on the rolls technically as deserters, and
who are disfranchised and expatriated by the
law as it now stands, and exclude the more
guilty classes to which I have referred from
the benefit of such relief.
And especially I think this is demanded by
every principle of justice when the laws of
this same Congress have enfranchised hun-
dreds and thousands of soldiers of the rebel
armies who fought for one, two, three, or
four and a half years to destroy the Govern-
ment. I think it is a most remarkable act of
injustice to perpotuate this disability upon this
class of men scattered throughout the loyal
States when we are allowing the thousands
who fought against them and us to go to the
polls and vote under the laws passed by this
Congress.
I have been asked why not let those who are
thus borno on the rolls technically as desert-
ers, but who are not guilty absolutely of the
crime of desertion, apply to the War Depart-
ment and be relieved by order from these dis-
abilities. But that is simply impracticable,
from the fact that their large number and the
inconvenience and delay necessary in such a
process would require years to accomplish this
result and to secure the relief sought, and in
many cases, in thousands of them, it would not
be secured at all.
For these reasons and from these consider-
ations, though I will not now make the motion,
leaving the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Garfield] to pursue such course as he thinks
proper, I think the bill should be recommitted
to the committee that they may so modify it
as to grant relief to the class of persons to
whom I have referred who are not absolutely
and intentionally guilty of the crime of deser-
tion, and exclude from its provision the more
guilty classes to whom I have also referred.
Mr. HAWKINS. Will the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile] yield to me for a short
time?
Mr. PILE. For how long ?
Mr. HAWKINS. Ten minutes.
Mr. PILE. I will yield for that length of
time.
Mr. HAWKINS. I desire the attention of
the House while I speak for a few moments
upon the effect of the twenty-first section of the
act of 1805. That section provides that if any
person shall have deserted from the military
or naval service of the United States, unless
he shall return within sixty days from the issu-
ance of the proclamation provided for in that
section he shall be deemed and taken to have
forfeited his rights as a citizen of the United
States. Not only does it provide for the cases
of persons who have been mustered into the
military or naval service of the United States
and have deserted, but it also provides for the
cases of non-combatants. It provides that if
any person shall have left his district or the
United States after he has been properly
enrolled, with intent to avoid the draft, he
is to be deemed subject to the same penalty.
I desire to look for a moment at what is the
true condition of a party thus affected. If he is
not a citizen of the United States the question
then arises what is his status ? He does not
fall within the definition of an "alien," be-
cause an alien is one born beyond the jurisdic-
tion of the United States. What effect, then,
does the deprivation of citizenship in the Uni-
ted States have upon the individual? It does
not have the effect of making him a citizen of
any other Power, but it puts him under certain
legal disabilities which I believe most earnestly
this Congress never intended he should be
placed under. For instance, he is put in pre-
cisely the same position that he would occupy
were he an alien in regard to property. An
alien cannot acquire real property by descent
or other mere operation of law. The law
never casts the descent upon an alien who can-
not keep it. The rule of the common law is
that a natural-born subject cannot take by rep-
resentation from an alien because he has no
inheritable blood in him. And it was to rem-
edy this that the treaty of 1783 between the
United States and England provided for and
settled the allegiance of the parties adhering
to the respective Governments.
It becomes necessary, then, to determine
the proper definition of the term citizen in
order to ascertain who arc affected by this
twenty-first section. The persons upon whom
it operates are those who have been citizens
of the United States. Who are citizens of
the United States? According to the defini-
tion by Worcester they arc—
"Inhabitants of the Republic who enjoy the right
of citizens or free men, who liavo the right to vote
for public officers."
Webster gives this definition, among others:
"A oitiien of the United States: a person, nativo
or naturalized, who has the privilege of exercising
the elective franchise or the qualifications which
enable him to vote for rulers and to purchase and
hold real estate."
It- is provided in the Constitution (article one,
section nine) that—
"No bill of attainder or expost facto law shall be
passed."
But it is said that this is not an ex post facto
law, because the punishment is not inflicted
because of the desertion, but because the party
persisted in it. It is clear that section twenty-
one of the act of the 3d of March, 18C5, did
not relieve the party from any part of the pun-
ishment to which he had become liable. If he
had become liable to the death penalty section
twenty-one did not relieve him from it. If
he had made himself liable to be dismissed
the service with the forfeiture of all pay and
allowance, section twenty-one did not discharge
him from that liability. If he had deserted the
Army the offense was full and complete after
he had missed the three roll-calls, and he was
liable to all the penalties known to the law
at the time of the desertion, and in all cases
occurring prior to the 3d of March, 1865, there
was no law prescribing as a punishment for
desertion a forfeiture of citizenship. Most
usually the offense of desertion would have
been punished by a forfeiture of pay and allow-
ance and perhaps some imprisonmentforashort
time. But it is said that this party persisted
in an offense that was then full and complete,
and it is because of this persistence that he is
to be punished in this extraordinary manner.
He must stand the forfeiture of pay and allow-
ance, and as a cumulative punishment he must
forfeit the rights of his birth—the right to be a
citizen of a country for which he had perhaps
fought an hundred hard and bloody battles,
and then in many oases was incarcerated in a
rebel prison. Well might these men exclaim :
this is more than I can bear. They are decit-
izenized; they are liable, it may be, to the
punishment of death; they are driven out
from the land - of their birth without having
the rights and privileges of any Government
upon earth, or the right to be protected by any
national power. The very blood that flows
through their veins is corrupted, and in many
of the States they cannot, if effect is given to
this section, inherit realty from their fathers
or transmit it to their children; and, in the
absence of special statutes on that subject,
upon their deaths their lands would be for-
feited to the State.
And this is the punishment added for the
persistence. It must be remembered that it
falls with just the same rigor upon the man
who is technically a deserter, with just the
same force and power that it does upon the one
who has been educated and honored by the
Government and then from the high position
which had been assigned attempted to strike
down the life of the nation. Even the most
active and violent rebel in the whole land has
not been punished to this extent. By the
j constitutional amendment he has been deprived
of holding an office and prevented from voting
i for members in the reconstruction conventions,
I but no statute anywhere is to be found that
