168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Miller.
40th Coxg....2d Sess.
in the first instance? How was it on the tariff
question, first forced on the country and then
rejected by southern politicians? How in re-
gard to the repeal of the Missouri restriction?
How in regard to popular sovereignty and
Kansas, and all other questions when northern
and southern Demoeratseame in conflict? The
South always prevailed, and always will, in that
organization. Then the only safety for the peo-
ple of this country is to intrust the ark of
tlieir political covenant in none but true, firm,
and loyal hands, or its Government, in these
perilous times, only to the care of that great
liberty-loving party which, with the patriot
soldier and the captain of the age as a leader,
has conducted the nation to a successful issue
through the ordeal of battle and the conliict
of arms in the greatest civil war the world
has ever known.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OP HON. G. F. MILLER,
01? pennsylvania,
In tiie House or Representatives,
February 24, 1808,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of tho Presi-
dent.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, the question
of impeachment of the President of the United
States for high crimes and misdemeanors now
under consideration, founded upon the report
of the Committee on Reconstruction, made
through their chairman, [Hon. Tiiaddeus Ste-
vens,] is a grave one, and ought to be ap-
proached with due and solemn consideration,
discarding all political considerations or bias.
On the 4th of July next it will be ninety-two
years since the Declaration of Independence,
and it is eighty-six years since our independ-
ence was conceded by Great Britain. Eighty-
one years ago the Constitution of these United
States was adopted by the Convention presided
over by General George Washington, who is
denominated the Father of this Republic, and
ratified by the then existing States two years
thereafter. In that Constitution arc contained
several provisions in regard to impeachment.
The fourth section provides that—
" The President, Vice President, and all civil ofii-
ccrs of theUnited States shall bo removed from ollicc
on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason,
bribery, 01 other high crimes and niisdcmoaiiors."
In section second of the first article it is de-
clared that—■
"Tho IIouso of Representatives shall have the sole
power ot impeachment."
And the third section of the same article
provides that—
"The Senate shall liave the sole power to try all
impeachments. When sitting for that purpose they
shall be on oath or affirmation. When the President
of the United States is tried the Chief Justice shall
preside; and no person shall bo convicted without
the concurrence of two thirds of the members pres-
ent."
It also provides that—
"Judgment in case of impeachment shall not extend
further than to removal troin othco and disqualifica-
tion to hold or enjoy any office of honor, trust, or
profit under tho United States; but the party con-
victed shall, nevertheless, be liable and subject to
indictment, trial, judgment, and punishment accord-
ing to law."
Hi us it will be seen that a judgment of im-
peachment is very severe and degrading, as it
disqualifies the person impeached from holding
and enjoying any office of honor, trust, or profit
under the United States. It is held in sixth
volume of State Trials, under title "Evi-
dence"—
" That the same evidence is required in an impeach-
ment in Parliament as in the ordinary courts of jus-
tice,"
In 2 Hale's Pleas of the Crown, page 150, it
is laid down that—
"An impeachment before the Lords by the Com-
mons of Great Britain is a prosecution ot known
established law, and hath frequently put in practicc,
being a presentment to tho most hi<di and supremo
court of criminal jurisdiction, by the most solemn and
grand inquest of the whole kingdom."
And it is also laid down (Tomlin's Law
Dictionary, second volume, page 150,) that—
" The articles of impeachment arc a kind of bills of
indictment iound by the House of Commons, and
afterward tried by the Lords, who are, in cases of
misdemeanors, considered not only as their own
peers, but as the peeis of the whole nation."
The mode of conducting such proceedings
in Kngland is to exhibit articles ia behalf of
the Commons and managers appointed to make
good their charge and accusation before the
House of Lords. In the United States the
mode of procedure, after a rebolve by the
llouse of Representatives to impeach, is to ap-
point a committee to go to the Senate, and at
the bar thereof, in the name of the llyuse of
Representatives and of all the people of the
United States, to impeach, (naming the person
to be impeached) for high misdemeanors (or
high crimes or misdemeanors) in ollice, and
acquaint the Senate that the llouse of Repre-
sentatives will, in due time, exhibit particular
articles of impeachment against liim andmake
good the same, and that said committee do
demand the Senate to take order for the ap-
pearance of the person charged to answer said
impeachment.
'The IIouso then appoints a committee to
prepare and report to the llouse articles of im-
peachment against the person charged for mis-
demeanors in otlice, which articles beiug re-
ported to the llouse and agreed to, managers
are appointed, who are to carry to the Senate
the articles agreed to by the llouse, to bo ex-
hibited in the name of themselves and of all the
people of the United States against the person
charged ; if against the Piesident, it would be
against Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States ; and these managers conduct the
impeachment. Under the provisions of the
Constitution,of the United States it does not
follow that in order to sustain an impeachment
the offender should be guilty of such an otl'ense
as would sustain a conviction in a criminal
court for a high misdemeanor. There are
many offenses that might be denominated
" high misdemeanors" that are not indictable
either by statute or at common law in our
courts, so that the English rule as to what is
necessary to sustain impeachment is not, as a
general rule, applicable to cases under tho
Constitution of the United States.
And the question presented here, Mr.
Speaker, is whether Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States, has been guilty ot
such "high crimes and misdemeanors," or
high misdemeanors, as will justify the llouse
in preferring articles of impeachment against
him and sending him to the Senate for trial.
It is to be deplored that this gieat Republic,
not yet a centuiy old, commencing with a pop-
ulation of less than three millions, and now
reaching thirty-seven millions, should have
placed m nomination and elected a man who
fills the highest office in tho gilt of the people,
who has become (as charged) so depraved,
corrupt, and defiant to the Jaws as to render
his impeachment necessary. When we look
into ancient history and see how republics that
once llourished, and were the nurse of arts and
sciences, the fruitiul mothers of philosophers,
law-givers, and heroes now he prostrate under
the iron yoke of ignorance and barbarism, and
especially when we reflect that monarchical
Governments look upon republics as a failure,
and that France, though she struggled hard
for a republican form ot government, and shed
immense quantities of blood in iavor of that
cause, is under the rule of an absolute mon-
arch.
It is enough to make us fear and tremble.
But we are told by the historian "That noth-
ing is insurmountable to the unconquerable
hand of liberty when backed by public virtue
and the generous resolution of a brave and li
willing people." We, as a nation, must stand
firm and shrink from no duty, however painful.
The highest officer of our Government is, and
of right ought to be, as amenable to the Con-
stitution and laws as any of our humblest citi-
zens. On the 7th of January, 1807, Hon.
James M. Ashley, a member from Ohio, rising
toa privileged question, charged Andrew J ohn-
son, Vice President and acting President of
the United States, with impeachable offenses,
namely, with "high crimes and misdemean-
ors;" to which was appended a resolution
directing the Judiciary Committee to make a
thorough investigation in the matter, which
the House adopted by 107 yeas (my name
being recorded among tbe yeas) to S'J nays.
The committee began to take testimony on
the Cth of Februaiy, and continued, at inter-
vals, for several months. On the A3th of No-
vember they sent in an enormous mass of
evidence, (printed in 1103 pages,) and sub-
mitted therewith three reports—the majority
report in favor of impeachment, and the other
two against it. The consideration was post-
poncd until the Cth of December, in order to
give members an opportunity to examine the
evidence presented by the committee, and on
that day the case was taken up, when a lengthy
speech was delivered by Mr. Boctwell, of
Massachusetts, (a member of the committee,)
in favor of impeachment, in which he said inter
alia:
"Others have reecivedthe impression that the sus-
pension of the President would ioliuw the impeach-
ment by this ilouse. It certainly will not be out of
phioe for me in this connection to present the views I
entertain on this subject. After much deliberation I
cannot doubt the soundness of the opinion that tho
President, even when impeached by this House, is
still entitled to his office until he has been convicted
by the Senate."
On page 12, of the same speech, he says:
" Tho country was disappointed, no doubt, ill the
report of the committee, and very likely this House
participated in the disappointment, that there was
no specilic, heinous, novel olfonse charged upon and
proved against tho President of the United States,"
'The honorable gentleman also referred to a
conversation had in February, 1805, in Cin-
cinnati, when Andrew Johnson was on his road
from Tennessee to Washington to take the
oath of office of Vice President, between him
and Judge Mathews, in which Mr. Johnson
should have said that the Judge and himself
were old Democrats, and "if the country was
saved it will be done through the Democratic
party."
This speech was followed by one from Mr.
Wilson, chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee. A vote was then taken, and the result
was 56 in favor of impeachment and 109
against it; of those who voted against im-
peachment sixty-eight were Republicans and
forty-one Democrats. This vote shows there
was twelve majority against impeachment with-
out counting the Democratic voters. Even of
the delegation from the Radical State of Mas-
sachusetts, represented by ten members, all of
whom are Republicans, only two voted for im-
peachment upon the case as presented, and, uo
doubt, on that evidence must have failed before
the Senate. I am aware that it lias been said
in some quarters that the vote by Republican
members was ail indorsement by tlieni of the
course of Andrew Johnson, the President of
the United States. I will say, however, Mr.
Speaker, that the charge against these Kepub-
lican members is unfounded! They arc, and
have been, as much opposed to the course of
Mi\ Johnson and his policy as those who voted
in favor of impeachment on that occasion, but
were unwilling to establish a precedent that
might remove upon llirnsy testimony any Presi-
dent, and thus sap the foundation of the Gov-
ernment.
The Committee of the Judiciary were in- .
structed to report the evidence for our examin-
ation and decision ; it was. as it were, a sealed
book until printed and laid on our desks the
Gth of December last, and then it was no easy
