1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
phia, urging Congress not to enact an inter-
national copyright law.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of William
Williamson, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
for pensions.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 5, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a memorial of soldiers in the late
Army to suppress rebellion; protesting against
the passage of the bill prohibiting the payment
of $100 bounty to soldiers who entered the
service prior to July 22, 1861; which was re
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, in favor of such legislation
as will secure the speedy payment of all boun-
ties, especially the bounty granted in pursu-
ance of the act of July, 1866; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I also pre
sent certain resolutions of the constitutional
convention of South Carolina, which may be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read as follows :
Constitutional Convention of South Carolina,
Charleston, February 27, 1868.
The following resolutions were adopted' by the
convention:
Resolved, That this convention tender to the Con-
gress of the United States, to Hon. E. M. Stanton,
Secretary of War, and to the General of the Army,
the sincere and heartfelt thanks of the loyal people
of South Carolina for their noble devotion to consti-
tutional law and liberty.
Mesolved, That the president of this convention is
hereby requested to forward a copy of these resolu-
tions to the President of the Senate, the Speaker of
the lloube of Ueprebentativ es, the Secretary of War,
and to the General of the Army of the United States
respectively.
Attest: A. G. MACKEY, President.
C. J. Sxolbrand, Secretary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
lie on the table.
_ Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
cigar makers and manufacturers of cigars of
New York, protesting against the passage of
the bill requiring a stamp to be affixed to each
cigar, and praying a tax of five dollars per
thousand on domestic cigars, and that the pres-
ent tariff on imported cigars may remain un-
changed ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of
members of the levy court of the county of
Washington, District of Columbia, praying an
appropriation for the purchase of sites and the
crection of school-houses and tho support of
the schools ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on tho District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
honorably discharged officers of the late Array
to suppress rebellion, protesting against the
passage of the bill prohibiting the payment of
the commutation for pay of officers' servants
from May 1, 1864, to March 3, 1865; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of Rowland Johnson, praying that the
new Territory proposed to be organized from
the western portion of Dakota may be named
Lincoln; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. FOWLER presented a memorial of
honorably discharged officers of the Army to
suppress rebellion, protesting against the pas-
sage of the bill prohibiting the payment of the
commutation for pay of officers' servants from
May 1, 1864, to March 3, 1865; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of Andrew J.
Donelsonand Minor Merriwether, forthe board
of levee commissioners of the counties of
Bolivar, Washington, and Issiquena, Missis-
sippi, praying aid in rebuilding the levees of the
Yazoo basin, in the Mississippi valley; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
reports of committees.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. The
Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 299) for the creation of a na-
tional bureau of insurance, after carefully
considering it, have instructed me to report
adversely, and recommend that the bill be
rejected. I ask the immediate consideration
of the report.
No objection being made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the report, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. YATES, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported a bill (S. No. 417) to amend
an act proposing to the State of Texas the
establishment of her northern and western
boundaries, the relinquishment by the said
State of all territory claimed by her exterior
to said boundaries, and of all her claims upon
the United States, and to establish a territorial
government for New Mexico; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Wilson D. JBurlingame, praying that
the crew of the second cutter of the United
States steamer Shamrock be allowed compen-
sation for services rendered by them in captur-
ing and sinking the rebel ram Albemarle, have
directed me to report that the claim was con-
sidered by the committee at the last session
and reported against on the memorial, and the
additional facts do not materially change the
case. Therefore they report adversely.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 365) to prevent abuses of the
franking privilege, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. li. No. 176) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide for carrying
the mails from the United Slates to foreign
ports, and for other purposes,'' approved March
25. 1864, reported it with amendments.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them with amendments:
A bill (H. R. No. 769) granting a p^ijsion
to David Howe;
A bill (H. R. No. 771) granting a pension
to John D. Lay;
A bill {II. U. No. 772) granting a pension
to Kobert McCrary ;
A bill (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William H. McDonald;
A bill (H. R. No. 774) granting a pension
to Amos Wiiliam ;
A bill (H. R. No. 775) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Erastus
Kinsel;
A bill (H. R. No. 776) granting a pension
to ZephaniahKnapp, of Luzerne county, Penn-
sylvania ;
A bill (H. R. No. 822) granting a pension
to Hampton Thompson;
A bill (H. R. No. 823) granting a pension
to George W. Locker;
A bill (II. R. No. 824) granting a pension
to Annie Vaughn;
A bill (II. R. No. 825) granting a pension
to John W. Hughes ;
A bill (H. 11. No. S2G) granting a pension
to Michael Mellon ;
A bill (H. R. No. 827) granting a pension
to Ann Wilson ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 829) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck Williamson.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 828) for the
relief of Captain William McKean, reported it
without amendment.
warehouse at fort monroe.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affkira atid the Militia, to
whom was referred the* joint fesolution (S. E.
No. 117) to authorize the construction of a ware-
house at Fort Monroe, Virginia, to rfeport it
back without amendment, and I ask the Senate
to put it on its passage. The day before yes-
terday the storehouse at Fort Monroe was
destroyed, and the goods are now lying out
in the street, at least those saved from the
warehouse ; and this proposition is necessary
to preserve them. The military storekeeper
is the man who supplies the whole garrison,
officers as well as men, with their supplies. It
is a matter of convenience and necessity, and
therefore I ask the Senate to put it on its pas-
sage immediately.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes the
Secretary of War to grant permission to W.
H. Kimberly, Army and Navy contractor at
Fort Monroe, to rebuild the warehouse recently
destroyed by fire at that post upon such condi-
tions and under such restrictions as the Secre-
tary of War shall deem compatible with the
interests of the Government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire if
works of that sort are usually constructed in
that way by legislation like this?
Mr. CAMERON. I will answer the Senator
from Indiana that the building which it is pro-
posed to replace was burned down, I believe,
the day before yesterday. A storehouse is
necessary there to keep the supplies for the
garrison. Without something of this kind it
cannot be done and they can have no sup-
plies, because the Senate will remember that
Fortress Monroe is upon an island, and there
is no store there except that which is allowed
by the War Department. This is absolutely
necessary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I dare say it is import-
ant to construct the house. The purpose of
my inquiry was to know whether such a work
is usually constructed under regulations pre-
scribed by any Secretary, or whether there isnot
a law that regulates the modes of making con-
tracts for such work. It seems to me tho res-
olution ought not to pass until we know some-
thing more about it.
Mr. CAMERON. I see the Senator does
not understand the matter. There is no con-
tract to be made. The storekeeper is permitted
there, by the military authorities and General
Grant, to build a house at bis own expense.
Mr. SPRAGUE. A shanty.
Mr. CAMERON. YTes. sir; a shanty, at his
own expense, and furnish the garrison with
such articles as they may need. You can call
it a warehouse if you like.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
resolution again.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I see the phrase
"warehouse" is used there. I suggest to the
honorable Senator, for the sake of avoiding
confusion, as that phrase applies to another
class of warehouses known as bonded ware-
houses, that he accept the phrase "military
storehouse" as an amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to tho Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read Ihe
third time, and passed. The title was amended
so as to read: "A joint resolution to authorize
the erection of a military storehouse at Fort
Monroe, Virginia."
john s. cunningham.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of John S. Cunningham, a paymaster of
the Navy, have instructed ine to report a bill
for his relief, and, as it will lead to no discus-
sion, I ask for its present consideration.
The bill (S. No. 410) for the relief of John S.
Cunningham, paymaster United Statps Navy,
