1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
IOTII COXG....2D SESS.
Impeachment—Mr. Miller.
Ho. op Heps.
task to undertake to examine eleven hundred
and sixty three pages of printed matter. I
can say, however, for one, that I undertook
the task, and gave the evidence adduced a
careful examination, (and I have no doubt
many other members did the same,) and I must
say here, in the language of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boctwell,] who
was strongly in favor of impeachment, I was
"disappointed" at the proof against the Pres-
ident, as I had supposed there would have
been evidence to sustain impeachment, but in
that I, as well as other members, was dis-
appointed; and although 1 condemned the
political course of Andrew Johnson and his
policy, and notwithstanding he had deceived
the parly that elected linn, of which I am a
member, I could not vote for impeachment
merely on such considerations ; and our con-
stituents must remember that this was not a
political, but a judicial question, which we,
silting in the capacity of judges or jurors,
were to decide upon our oaths. I looked to
nothing but the facts as presented in the
printed testimony which had been laid before
us. When the case was before the House on
the 7th of March, 18G7, I then entreated our
friends on this floor not to prejudge the case,
but to wait until the committee should report
the evidence on which we were to act.
I wish, however, Mr. Speaker, to be under-
stood as casting no reflections on those who on
that occasion voted in favor of impeachment;
on what they based their decision it is not for
me to conjecture. There is one thing may be
said, and that is, that those of the leading jour-
nalists of our country that examined the testi-
mony did not after such perusal advocate im-
peachment, but approved of the majority vote
of Congress. It was this want of sufficient
evidence that induced me, notwithstanding the
bad treatment received from Mr. Johnson (for
whose election I labored hard) by my party,
my friends, and myself, to vote against im-
peachment on that occasion. However strong
my party ties may he, I trust I shall never let
them betray my judgment when called to de-
cide a judicial question, and one that might be
the means of sweeping away the hard earnings
of a lifetime of many of our most woithy citi-
zens. There was another question in the case
as then presented, that I have no doubt had
some influence upon the vote of some of the
members, and that was the assertion of Mr.
Boutwell in his speech, that the President
during the trial could not he suspended. If
that is correct, then with the wide range taken
by tlie testimony when could the trial have been
brought to a termination ? Surely not during
his continuance in office. Such a wide range
was taken in the trial of Warren Hastings, who
was impeached before Parliament for malcon-
duct as governor general of India, and his
trial lasted from 1787 to 179-1, a period of
seven years, and then acquitted.
I may say here that it was solemnly determ-
ined in that case that an impeachment is
not abated or put an end to by the proroga-
tion or dissolution of Parliament. When we
were furnished with the printed evidence, Mr.
Johnson had not quite sixteen months of his
presidential term remaining, so that as the
ease then stood, if articles of impeachment
hud been preferred, the trial could not well
have been brought to a close piior to the expi-
ration of his term. I am sure that those who
shall give the ease due consideration wiil
approve of the action of the majority of this
House on that occasion. I may repeat that
it would endanger the permanency of this
Republic to establish a precedent by which
any President could be removed unless based
upon sufficient grounds, regardless of party
considerations ; and I trust that our party will
hereafter be more cautious with regard to
whom they place in nomination, and not elect
a man who is luirdiy installed in the party,
and not trust to mere professions of men «ho
are seeking office. I do not refer to this party
matter as having any bearing on impeachment,
for as to that Andrew Johnson has already
been effectually impeached by public opinion.
The refusal to impeach on the evidence
formerly presented gave no assurance that
Andrew Johnson, the President, would not be
impeached when a proper case should be pre-
sented, and if he so considered it he was wo-
fuliy mistaken. Those Republicans who voted
against the resolution of the majority of the
Judiciary Committee were at all times ready
and willing to impeach the President or any
other officer of the Government when a proper
case should be presented with evidence to sus-
tain it. During the second session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress an act was passed by
both Houses entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil oflices." It was sent
to the President for his approval, which ho re-
fused to give, but returned it with his objec-
tions. It was then passed by both Houses over
his veto by a two-thirds vote, and thus became
the law of the land with the like effect as if
the President had signed it. The several sec-
tions thereof are as follows :
Be it enacted bv the Senate caul House of Itrprcienta-
fives of the United >Stutev of Aw<u ien in Conqress assem-
bled, That. every person holding any civil oflice to
which ho has been appointed by and with the ad vice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
[-•hji.ll hereafter be appointed to any such oflicc, and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is and
shall be entitled to hold such oflicc until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided : Pro-
vided, That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of War, oi the Navy, and of the interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have boon ap-
pointed and for one month theioaflcr, subject to
removal by and wiih the advice and consent of the
Senate.
Sec. 2. And be it further That when any
oilier appointed as aforesaid, excepting judges of
the United Stat cs courts, shall, during a recess of the
Senate, be shown, by evidence sahsfactoiy to the
President, to be guilty ol misconduct in office, or
crime, or for any reason shall become incapable or
legally disqualified to peifurm its duties, m such ca^e,
and in no other, the President may suspend such
officer and designate someautable person to perform
temporallly the duties of such otliee until the next
meeting of the Senate, and until the ruse shall be
acted upon by the Senate, and such person so desig-
nated i-balI take the oaths and give the bonds ic-
yuired by law to be taken and given by the person
duly appointed to fill such oflicc; and in such ease it
shall be the duty of the President, within twenty
days after the first day of such next, meeting oi th< 
Senate, to report to the Senate such suspension, with
the evidence and reasons for his action in the ease
and the name of the poison mi designated to perfoim
the duties of such otliee. And if the Senate shull
concur in such suspension and advise and consent to
the removal of such ofliccr they shall so certify to
the Prer-idont, who may thereupon remove such offi-
cer, and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate,appointanotherpcrson to Mich ollicc. Dutif
the Senate shall i cfuso to cuneui 111 such suspension,
sin h otlirer ^<> suspended shall forthwith resume the
function* of Ins oflicc, and the powers of the person
so performing its duties iu his stead shall cease, and
the official salaty and emoluments? of such officer
shall, during such suspension, belong to the pci&ori
so performing the duties thereof, and not to the offi-
eei so suspended: Pi voided, however, That the Pi ev-
ident, m ea«e he shall become satisfied that such
suspension was made on insufficient giounds, shall
be authorized, at any time before reporting such
suspension to the Senate as above provided, to ic-
vokc such suspension and reinstate such ofliccr in
the performance of the duties of his office.
Si.c.3. Awtbe it further ewwfed, That the President
shall have power to fill allvacancies which mayhap-
pen during the recess of the Senate by reason of death
or resignation by granting commissions which shall
expiie at the end of their next session thereafter,
And if no appointment, bv and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall be made to such oflice so
vacant or temporarily filled as aforesaid during such
next session oi the Senate such oftioe shall remain in
abcj'ance, without any salary, fees, or emoluments
attached thereto, until the same shall be filled by
appointment thereto, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate; and during such time all the
powers and duties belonging: to Mich office shall be
exercised by such other officer as ruay by law exer-
cise such powers and duties m ca^e of a vacancy in
such office.
Sf-C. i. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
this act contained shall be construed to extend the |
form of any oflice the duration of which is limited by ,
law. |
Sec. 5. Ami be it further rnaeted, That if any person j
shall, contrary to the provisions of this a< t, a<ccpt j
any appointment to or employment m any office, or I
shall hold or exercise, or attemptto hold or exercise,
any such oflice or employment, he shall be deemed,
and is hereby declared to be, guilty of a high misde-
meanor, and, upon trial and conviction thereof, he
shall be punished therefor by a fine not exceeding
$10,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding five years,
or both said punishments, in the discretion of the
court.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That every removal,
appointment, or employment made, had, or exer-
cised contrary to the provisions of this act, and the
making, signing, sealing, countersigning, or issuing
of any commission or letter of authority for or in
respect to any such appointment or employment,
shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, high
misdemeanois, and, upon trial andconviction thereof,
every person guilty thereof shall be punished by a fine
notcxeeeding$10,000, or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing five years, or both said punishments, in the dis-
cretion of the court: Provided, That thePiesident
shall have power to make out and deliver, after the
adjournment of the Senate, commissions for all offi-
cers whose appointment shall have been advised and
consented to by the Senate.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Senate, at the close
of each session thereof, to deliver to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and to each of his assistants, and to
each of the Auditors, and to each of the Comptrollers
in the Treasury, and to the Treasurer, and to the
Register of the Treasury, a full and complete list,
duly certified, of all persons who shall have been
nominated to and rejected by the Senate during such
session, and a like list of all the officcs to which nomi-
nations shall have been made and not confirmed and
filled at such session.
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the President shall, without the advieo and consent
of the Senate, designate, authorize, or employ any
person to perform the duties of any office, he shall
forthwith notify the Secretary of the Treasury there-
of; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Ticasury thereupon to communicate such notice to
all the proper accounting and disbursing officers of
his Department.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That no money
shall be paid or received from the Treasury, or paid
orreccived from orretaincd outof anypublic moneys*
or funds of the United States, whether in the Treas-
ury or not, to or by or for the benefit of any person
appointed to or authorized to act in or holding or
exercising the duties or functions of any oflice con-
trary to the provisions of this act; nor shall any
chum, account, voucher, order, certificate, wan aut,
or other instrument providing for oi 1 elating to such
payment, receipt,or retention be piesented, passed,
allowed, approved, certified, or paid by any officer
of the United States, or by any person cxeicismg the
functions or performing the duties of any office or
place of tru-st under the United States, for or in
respect to such oflicc, or the exercising or perform-
ing tho functions oi duties theieof; and every person
who shall violate any of the provisions of this section
shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and,
upon tri;il and conviction thereof, shall he punished
therefor by a lino not exceeding $10,000, or by im-
prisonment not exceeding ten years, or both said,
punishments, in the discretion of the court.
After tlic adjournment of Congress in July last
the President suspended ITon. Edwin M. Stan-
ton, Secretary of War, and appointed General
Ulysses S. Grant Secretary of War ad interim.
At the next meeting of the United States Senate
the President returned to that body the reasons
for the suspension of Mr. Stanton, whereupon
the Senate, after due consideration, refused to
concur, and decided that the suspension was
made 011 insufficient grounds, of which non-
concurrence the President had due notice, and
Mr. Stanton was restored to his position as
Secretary of War, and discharged and con-
tinues to discharge the duties thereof. After-
ward, to wit, on the 21st of February, 1808,
Andrew Johnson, the President, issued and sent
to Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
an order to remove him, of which the following
is a copy:
Executive Mansion*,
Washington, i>. (J., February 21,1868.
Sir; By virtue of the power and authoiity vested
in me, as President, by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, y«>u are hereby removed from
office as Secretary for the Department of War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon the receipt
of this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Armv, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Sec-
retary of War«c£ interim, all records, books, papers,
and other public property nowm your custody and
charge.
Kebpectfuily yours, A.NDK.EW JOII^SOIv.
To Hon. Edwin 11. Stanton, Washington* D. C.
The Senate, being notified of the action of
the President iu attempting to remove Mr.
Stanton, the Secretary of War, the second
time, took the matter into consideration, and
