1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2693
the death of a debtor without children this
exemption shall extend to his widow during
her widowhood.
The fifth section provides that—■
" The homestead of a family, after the death ofthe
owner thereof, shall be exempt from the payment of
his debts in all cases during the minority of his chil-
dren, and also so long as his widow shall remain
unmarried, unless she be the owner of a homestead
in her own right."
We find, then, that in the State of Arkansas,
as it is proposed to reorganize her, good faith
may not be enforced between citizens or "res-
idents " of that State (as the expression is) in
most cases of pecuniary demand. These pro-
visions of the constitution are not to be con-
fined to citizens, but to extend to every person
who shall go there as to a city of refuge to
escape obligations which are imposed upon
him elsewhere. Any citizen orresident of the
State of Arkansas will be free and exempt so
long as the constitution shall endure against
keepingthe faith which He may have contracted
to others in his pecuniary transactions inmost
cases which will arise. If lie break faith, if he
violate his word, if he trample upon an obliga-
tion of duty after having voluntarily assumed it,
-it is not com petent for the Legislature or courts
of Arkansas to enforce his obligation against
him unless the value of his property shall ex-
ceed the sum of $2,000 of personal property
and $5,000 of real estate. In other words,
there will be no collection of debts or enforce-
ment of contracts in the State of Arkansas
under this constitution unless they are of large
magnitude, when, of course, the bankruptlaw
ofthe United States can be conveniently applied
to them. That bankrupt law will apply to large
speculators, to extensive operators, to enable
them to wipe out their indebtedness to others,
while the constitution of the State, as to all
ordinary transactions, and as to the great mass
of persons, will interpose to prevent the
enforcement of good faith.
What a contrast this presents to the condi-
tion of the law in our States North—in my own
for instance, where, from motives of humanity,
the laws have exempted $800 worth of property
to an indebted man and to his family, so that
the pressure of extreme and severe want shall
not enter his dwelling, that he shall not be
stripped of the last remnant of property which
he has accumulated by the industry of himself
and his family, and thus be made a pitiable
spectacle of human misfortune. The principle
of exemption is a just and benevolent one, and
it ought to be incorporated in the legislation of
every civilized State. But a reasonable exer-
cise of this just, authority of government to
exempt is one thing, while its unreasonable
exercise in establishing a nondescript State of
the American Union is quite another; and
when we come to consider that these particular
provisions of the constitution were intended to
meet exactly the case of the persons who made
this constitution, whether negro, carpet bagger,
or other person, having but little stake in civil
society so far as the ownership of property is
concerned, and come also to consider the inev-
itable effect of these provisions, our conclusion
must be that the constitution is both odious and
improvident, and that the State should not be
admitted to representation under it.
Again, sir; i object to the suffrage provisions
in this constitution ; I mean those of an endur-
ing character. There are several provisions
regarding the exercise of the right of suffrage
at the first election for State officers and upon
the adoption of the constitution to which I shall
refer hereafter. At present I refer to those
provisions relating to suffrage which are per-
manent in their operation, to be found at pages
33 and 84 of the House Executive Document
to which I have before referred. In the^ first
place, I will read section two of article eight:
"Every male person born in the United States, and
every male person who has been naturalized or has
legally declared his intention to become a citizen
ofthe United States, who is twenty-one years old or
upvvaid, and who shall have resided in the State six
months next preceding the election, and who at the
time is an actual resident of the county in which he
oflers to vote, except as hereinafter provided, shail
be deemed an elector."
And then follows a provision excluding sol-
diers in the service of the United States. Then
comes section three:
"Skc. 3. The following classes shall not be per-
mitted to register or vote or hold office, namely:
" 1. Those whoduringrebellion took theoatii ofal-
legiance orgave bonds tor loyalty and good behavior
to the UnitedStates G-overnment. and afterward gave
aid, comfort, or countenance to those engaged in
armed hostility to the Government of the United
States, either by becoming a soldier in the rebel army
or by entering the lines of said army, or adhering in
any way to the cause of the rebellion, or by accom-
panying any armed force belonging to the rebel
army, or by furnishing supplies of any kind to the
same."
Whether furnished under duress or furnished
voluntarily, for aught that appears upon the face
of that section.
"2. Those who a.re disqualified as electors or from
holding office in the State or States from which they
came.
"3. Those persons who during the late rebellion
violated the rules of civilized warfare.
"1. Those who may be disqualified by the proposed
amendmentto the Constitution ot the UnitedStates,
known as article fourteen, and those who have been
disqualified from registering to vote for delegates to
the convention to frame a constitution for the State
of Arkansas, under the act of Congress entitled * An
act to provide tor the more efficient government of
the rebel States,' passed March 11,18G7, and the acts
supplementary thereto."
That is, any citizen of Arkansas who has
not been registered under the congressional
proceeding inaugurated by the act of March 2,
1867, no matter whether his rejection or his
failure to register be innocent, or not, shall not
vote under this constitution. That registra-
tion, we all know, was very irregular. There
were vast numbers of persons excluded from
the right of voting under that registration who
were clearly entitled, and who, if the question
were left open, would hereafter be able to vin-
dicate their right. They are excluded, how-
ever, by this fourth division of the third sec-
tion, especially when it comes to be adminis-
tered by unfriendly officials:
"Sec. i. The General Assembly shall have the
power, by a two-thirds vote of each House, approved
Oy the Governor, to remove the disabilities included
in the first, second, third, and fourth subdivisions of
section three of this article, when it appears that
such person applying for reliet trom such disabilities
has in good taith leturncd to his allegiance to the
Government of the United States: provided. The
General Assembly shall have no power to remove
the disabilities ot any person embraced in the afore-
said subdivisions who, after the adoption of this con-
stitution by this convention, persists in opposing the
acts ot Congress and reconstruction thereunder."
What does that mean? Whether construed
by its authors or by us, its unquestionable
meaning is, that any person ofthe classes men-
tioned who votes against the adoption of the
constitution when it is submitted to a vote of
the people, or otherwise opposes it, shall be
exclude! from the right of suffrage hereafter,
although the Legislature may be willing to
remove his disability. Any person who opposes
reconstruction after the convention itself agrees
to the constitution shall be put beyond the
reach even of legislative clemency and mercy
in future. Tliey cannot restore him to the
privileges of citizenship, or to the highest priv-
ilege of citizenship, the right of voting. What
is this but a threat held forth to every inhab-
itant of Arkansas coming within the classes to
which reference is made, that it he votes agamst
the constitution after the convention has agreed
to it or indicates opposition to it m any way,
he shall be beyond the reach even of the mercy
and indulgence ofthe Legislature of his State,
and must remain disfranchised forever?
Then comes the filth section:
"Sue. 5. All persons, before registering or voting,
must, takeand subscribe theiollowmgoath: 'I, 
 , dosoiemiifys\vea.r,orathriu, thatJL willcupport
and maintain the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and tiie constitution and laws of the State ot
Arkansas; that I am not excluded troin registering
or voting by any ot the clauses in the first, second,
third, or fourth subdivisions of article ei0'ht of the
constitution ot the State of Aikansas; that 1 will never
countenance or aid in the secession ot this State
from the United States: that X accept I he civil and
political equality of all men, and agree not to attempt
to deprive any person or poisons^ on account ot ]
race, color, or pret ious condition, of any political or
civil right, privilege, or immunity enjoyed by any
other class o! men; and, furthermore, mat i will not
in any way injure, or countenance in others any
attempt to mjuie any person or persons on aueount
of past or present, support of the Government of the
United States, the laws of the United States, -or tho
principle of the political and civil equality of all men.
or for affiliation with any political party: Provided*
That if any person shnll knowingly and falsely take
any oath in this constitution prescribed, such person
so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall
be subject to the pains, penalties, and disabilities
which by law are provided for the punishment of tho
crime of willful and corrupt perjury."
Mr. President, taken altogether, this eighth
article of the constitution, in my judgment, is
not republican in form or in substance. It
creates rules of disfranchisement which remove
this constitution out of the category of repub-
lican forms, while at the same time it does
substantial injustice and wrong to a large mass
of the population in the State of Arkansas.
One peculiar feature of enormity and wrong in
these provisions is, as I have already suggested,
that they attach themselves to the proceeding
of military registration, adopt that as the stand-
ard for the future, and prevent the correction
of those innumerable cases of injustice and of
mistake which occurred under that registra-
tion. It is my purpose to bring these points
to the attention of the Senate,-and not to elab-
orate them or to declaim upon them, supposing
that every member to whose notice tho facts are
brought is as competent as myself to draw the
just and necessary conclusions which arise
upon them.
I now turn to another class of provisions
relating to suffrage which are temporary, as I
said before. They are found in the schedule
of the constitution. Here is section ten of the
schedule:
" No person disqualified from voting or registering
under this constitution shall vote for candidates for
any office, nor shrill be permitted to vote for the rati-
fication or rejection of this constitution at the polls
herein authorized."
What does that mean ? It means that these
extreme rules of disqualification established by
the constitution for the future shall be applied
and shall operate at the first election before
the State is reorganized or admitted to repre-
sentation in Congress. No person shall vote
upon the question of adopting this constitution,
or vote for any officer under it at the first elec
tion, who is disqualified by any of the clauses
which I have read in the eighth article ; that
is, this constitution shall take effect before it
is adopted ; its rules of exclusion shall come
into action before it is accepted by the people.
What is that but putting the pleasure of the
members of the convention as the constitu-
tional rule for the first election of State officers
and for the adoption of the constitution itself?
Clearly, upon any proper principle, they were
not authorized to make such a provision, to
make their own will the constitution of the
State for the time being—unquestionably not.
Such a proceeding as that would not be per-
mitted in any State now represented in Con-
gress in modifying the State government by
framing or amending a constitution. If a con-
vention of delegates sat in Indiana or Penn-
sylvania, authorized to propose amendment to
the constitution ofthe State, and they were to
adopt a new rule excluding a fifth or a tenth
or a twentieth of the electoral population from
voting upon their amendments, everybody
would cry out "shame" upon it, and every
reasonable and sound-thinking man would hold
that it was an invalid provision ; that the right
of suffrage for the time being must be exer-
cised under the former constitution, or under
some proper and legal authority independent
of the convention itself, which being called
simply to propose an amended constitution,
could not, before their work was adopted, put
it into effect and apply it as a rule for measur-
ing and settling the rights of the citizens of the
Stare.
Now, sir, you will observe that these rules
of suffrage in the eighth article are much more
restrictive than those established by Congress.
The congressional restrictions upon the right
of suffrage in the States of the South as found
in the reconstruction laws are liberal, benig-
nant, benign in character and operation com-
pared to those found in the eighth article of the
new constitution. In my judgment, accepting
reconstruction as a valid system, and as one to
