8718
THE CONGKESSIO NAL GLOBE,
July
ber, for the purpose of narrowing its scope;
bntas it stands, despite the amendmentadopted,
I think, on the suggestion of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] it permits the crea-
tion of incorporations which practically are to
operate anywhere and everywhere. Under
that section there must be something in the
nature of a home office, something which
would answer the idea of an object within this
District; but unless lam mistaken the bill
provides in so many words that meetings of
stockholders may be helcl anywhere, and that
stockholders may call a meeting anywhere,
and that a small number of directors shall be
a quorum to transact business, and a small pro-
portion of stockholders a quorum of stock-
holders to transact business. Thus it is a bill
which is to be used as an implement in the
hands of men anywhere, who, under the laws
of their respective States, could not operate.
The laws on this head in the States have been
greatly extended already, in all the States so
far as I know.
I wish to make only one remark upon the
bill before I take leave of it. It seems to me
that step by step we are advancing agreat way
in the direction of absorbing the powers which
belong to the States which ought to remain
there. We hear of bills to create an insurance
department; we have an educational depart-
ment; we have a bank department; and we
hear of various other bills to which I might
refer, the purpose of which is to absorb one
after another, not only matters pertaining to
the States, but matters of detail pertaining, I
might almost say, to the police of the States.
I think this biil is obnoxious in that respect,
and therefore I shall vote against it; and my
belief is that it ought not to be passed without
a review in the light of amendments which
were made, and made quite hastily according
to my recollection in the Senate, at least to say
that they are congruous and carmonize to-
gether.
ThePRESIDENTjproiempore. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia [Sir. Wiiahy] may be made by unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection,
and it is made. The question is on the pass-
age of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 0 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Corbett, Cra-
gin, ffowler, Kiel insrhuyxon, Harlan, IlendrioliS, How-
ard, Howe. Morrill of Maine, Morton. Osborn, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Poineroy, Ramsey. Ross,
Sumner, Vickcrs, Wade, Welch, Willoy, Williams,
and Sates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Edmunds. McCreery, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, and Trumbull—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Conkling, Conness. Davis, Dixon, Dootittle,
Drake, Ferry, Fcssenden, Grimes, Henderson. John-
son, McDonald, Norton. Nye, Patterson oi' Tennes-
see, llice, Saulsbury. Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, and Wilson—28.
So the bill was passed.
alexandria steam-packet company.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 236.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 236) in addition to the act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Washington, Alexandria,
and Georgetown Steam-packet Company," was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to again extend and continue in
effect for a further period of twenty years, com-
mencing January 1, 186!), the act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Washington, Georgetown
and Alexandria Steam-packet Company," ap-
proved 3d March, 1829, and extended by the
act in addition thereto, approved 26th Febru-
ary, 1849, Congress reserving the right to
modify or repeal.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed tor a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
potomac navigation company.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 192.
Th'e motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 192) to incorporate the Potomac Naviga-
tion and Transportation Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. By its provisions George
W. lliggs, Matthew G. Emery, Fitzhugh Coyle, ,
Ward 11. Lamon, Moses Kelly. Henry D.Cooke, i
Samuel A. Peugh, Riley A. Shinn, Esau Pick- j
erell, and George Gill, jun., and their associates j
and assigns, are to be created a body corporal e i
and politic, under the name, style, and title of i
the Potomac Navigation and Transportation -
Company. [
The first amendment of the Committee on j
the District of Columbia was, in line four of j
section one, to strike out from the list of cor- |
porators the name of 11 Moses Kelly" and j
insert that of " George II. Plant."
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is that for?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 do not know how that
occurred. Some one asked that it be done ;
but, perhaps, it would be better not to strike
out Mr. Kelly's name and simply insert Sir.
Plant's.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Sir. Pome-
koy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Iowa so modify the amendment ?
Sir. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" Washington," in line twelve of section two,
to insert "to receive subscriptions, at which
time and place a subscription book shall first
be opened to the public, and;" and after the
word "purpose," in line fourteen, to insert
" thereafter;" so as to make the section read :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the capital
stock of said company shall not be le:>s than $500,000
nor more than ^.OOO.OOU, to be divided into sharcsof
4100 each 5 and whenever an amount not less than
one thousand shares of said stock shall havo been
subscribed iu good faith, and ten per cent, paid
thereon to some person duly designated to receive
the same, it snail be the duty of tho aioresaid per-
son?, or a majority of tnem, by public notice of at
least twenty days, in onoormoreof the daily papers
published in the ci',v of Washington, to call a meet-
ing of the stockholder at some suitable place in the
city of Washington, to recoivo subscriptions, at which
time and place  ■ subsepption book shall first be
opened to the public, and lor the purpose thereafter
of electing not less than seven directors for said cor-
poration, each ot whom shall be a stockholder, and
nt least lour of the number shall be residents of the
District ot'Columbia; and at"such election each share
ot capital stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one
vote. The aforesaid, or any four of them, shall act as
inspectors of said election, and shall certify, under
tho names of the directors thus chosen, and shall also
riotily thesaid directors of their election, and of tho
time and placc of holding the Hist meeting of said
directors: at which meeting the aforesaid-persons
shall deliver to said directors the books of subscrip-
tion to tho stock of said company, together with the
amount paid thereon, after dcduci ingall the expenses
incident to said organization. Tho meetings of the
stockholders of said corporation for tho election of
directors and lor the transaction of other business
shall be held annually, and at such othor times and
upon such noticonsmay be proscribed in the by-laws.
Tne directors elected as hereinbefore provided shall
hold their offices for one .year, and until others are
elected to fill th^ir places; and a majority of said
directors shall constitute a quorum for the transac-
tion of business.
Mr. CORBETT. I propose to amend the
amendment in line thirteen by striking out the
words "first be opened," and insert "have
previously been kept open ;" and in line four-
teen, after the word " public," by inserting
" ten days ;" and after the word " purpose"
striking out " thereafter so as to read "to
receive subscriptions, at which time and place
a subscription book shall havo been previously
kept open to the public ten days," &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line ten, to strike out the word '"may", and
insert "shall;" in line eleven, after the word
"pay," to insert " five per cent, at the time of
subscription upon;" in line thirteen to strike
out "at such time" and insert "they may make
other assessments;" after the word "proper,"
in line fourteen, to insert "not exceeding ten
per cent, for any one assessment, of which
assessment there shall be given at least thirty
days' notice;" so as to make the section read:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the direct-
ors of s,ud corporation shall, at their first meoting,
elect from their own number a president and vice
president; they may also, from time to time, appoint
a treasurer and secretary, together with such other
officers, agents, and employes as they may deem neces-
sary, each of whom shall hold office or position only
during the pleasuro of said directors. The directors
shall also have power to fill vacancies in the board
that may be caused by tho death, removal, or resig-
nation of any of its members. They shall also require
the subscribers to the capital stock to pay five per
cent, at the time of subsci iption upon the amount by
them respectively subscribed; they may make other
assessments in such manner and in such installments
as they may deem proper,not exceeding ten percent,
for anyone assessment, of which assessment thoro
shall be given at least thirty days' notice, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line nineteen, to strike out "reasonable " before
"notice" and insert "such;" and in lines
twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three,
and twenty-six, to strike out the words "may
forfeit said stock and all previous payments
thereon for the use of said corporation, under
such general regulations as may be adopted in
the by-laws of said corporation, or may sue for
and collect the same in any court of gompetent
jurisdiction;" and in lieu thereof to insert:
May proceed to sell at auction so much of said
stock as will satisfy said asse.-smeuts and cost of the
sale of the same, of which sale ten days' not ice shall
be given in two of the principal papers in Washing-
ton city.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I call the attention of the
friends of the bill to the fact that in order to
perfect the bill there must be some clause in
it stating the purpose of the corporation and
what powers it shall have. There is no desig-
nation of the purpose of the corporation except
that which is contained in tbe -name "The
Potomac Navigation and Transportation Com-
pany of tho District of Columbianor is there
any statement as to the powers this corporation
shall have. 1 will read all there is on that
subject which, upon its face, only appears to
he incidental to something else that is not stated
in the bill:
Sue. 4. And beit further enacted, Thatsnid corpora-
tion is hereby authorized to purchase and hold lands,
and may locate and construct wharves, docks, and
railways into the Potomac river and in lront of
Mason's Island, so called, as may be nccessaiy for
the objects of said company.
Now, what are "the objects of said com-
pany?" They are not stated. Is it to be a
company to run a steamboat line from Wash-
ington to Richmond, Virginia, or to Norfolk
or to New York? That is not stated. It seems
they may purchase and hold lands and construct
wharves necessary for the objects of the corpo-
ration, but the objects are not stated and no
powers are conferred.
Mr. HAUL AN. That is a serious defect in
the bill which escaped my attention. If the
Senator lias no amendments prepared, 1 ask
that it be postponed.
Mr. MOKTON. It is obviously imperfect.
Mr. HAKLAN. It is an oversight. Imove
to lay the bill aside.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAIILAN. I shall not ask the Senate
to consider any further District bills to-day.
matthew tOW.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 535.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (8.
No. 535) to reward the services of Matthew
Low, of Nassau, New Providence, was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for the payment to
Matthew Low, of Nassau, on the British island
ot' New Providence, in the West Indies, or his
legal representatives, of $2,000, in recognition
of his services in carrying to the commander of
the United States gunboat Tioga, the important
information on which he acted in intercepting
and capturing the blockade-runner Granite
City on the 22d of March, 1803, near the port
of Nassau.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third lime, and passed.
next meeting of congressi
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take tip the
bill I introduced a day or two ago respecting
