2694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
be enforced, those reconstruction laws create
the rale of suffrage during the entire proceed-
ings of reorganization until the State shall be
admitted to representation in Congress; and
I hold that this convention in Arkansas had no
right to lay down any new rule or condition of
popular suffrage which should take effect before
their work should be adopted by the people of
that State upoij being submitted to them in
proper form.
Well, sir, what has been done sincc ? Gen-
eral Grillem, who is in command in that depart-
ment, has repudiated that part of the Consti-
tution. He sent out, and very properly sent
out, orders to his military subordinates to dis-
regard it so far as regarded the military elec-
tion upon the adoption of the constitution; and
so you have the singular fact presented here
in these official documents that the board of
commissioners appointed by the convention
report a tabular vote upon the new constitu-
tion, and the registrars appointed by the mili-
tary commander report another vote upon the
constitution; and the two not at all alike. They
do not merely differ in minute particulars, but
they are substantially different throughout.
You have the anomaly of two elections at the
same time on the adoption of the constitution
in Arkansas, one held under the authority of
the convention and the other held under the
authority of the reconstruction laws and the
military orders issued in pursuance thereof.
The vote taken by the military authorities was
a vote in all respects conformed to the require-
ments of the laws of Congress; the vote taken
under the authority of the commissioners ap-
pointed by the State convention followed the
rules of suffrage propounded in this eighth
article and in the schedule to the constitution.
Now, sir, here is section three of the sched-
ule :
"In voting for or against tlio adoption of this
constitution, tho words ior constitution or against
constitution shall bo written or printed on tho bal-
lot of each voter; but no voter shall vote for or against
this constitution 011 a separate ballot from that cast
by him tor officers to bo elected at said election under
tliis constitution."
So that it was impossible for an elector at
this State election to vote for or against the
adoption of the proposed constitution without
voting at the same lime for the officers who
were to be chosen at that election. Whether
he had a candidate or not, he must adopt the
candidates on ballots printed and prepared by
the convention party in order to exercise his
right of voting upon the adoption of the con-
stitution ; or if he did not choose to vote for
those candidates he was to take the trouble of
forming a ticket lor himself. The result was
there was but one ticket voted for throughout
the State for State officers; and, as 1 under-
stand, every member of the upper and lower
house of the Arkansas Legislature is of the
convention party, and every State officer elected
was chosen without serious opposition. The
arrangements of suffrage in the teuth and third
sections of this schedule were well calculated
and were intended to produce an unfair elec-
tion and an unjust result, and to exclude at
that election for the organization of the State
large masses of voters who werequalified under
the acts of Congress ; and all this was done
upon the sole authority of the convention itself,
without any delegation of power to it for the
purpose from Congress or from the people. 1
say, then, that this constitution is anti-repub-
licau ; that it violates fundamental principles,
uud is unfair in its arrangements for the first
election as well as for future ones.
Mr. MORTON. I thought I understood the
honorable Senator a few minutes ago to say
that General Giflem repudiated these condi-
tions of suffrage, and that the case presented
the singular anomaly of two elections being
held, one according to the terms of the recon-
struction law, and the other according to the
terms oi'the new constitution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly ; that is so.
Mr. MORION. If so, then the evil you
complain of could not exist in voting against
the constitution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Not upon the voting
on the constitution, but in the voting for offi-
cers in the organization of the new State ; in
the selection of the Legislature which elects
United States Senators, and in the choice of
Representatives who are to be admitted to
seats in the other House of Congress. The
military authorities repudiated these provisions
of the schedule so far as the elections which
they held upon the adoption of the constitution
were concerned ; but they left them in full
force to be applied by the convention officers
to the elections held under the authority of tho
convention. At those elections held under the
authority of the convention votes were taken
in favor of the constitution and none against
it, because, under the qualification of suffrage,
voting against it was discouraged and pre-
vented.; and at those elections votes were also
taken for all the State officers, for members of
the Legislature, and for Representatives in
Congress. So that this State is actually reor-
ganized and is presenting herself here through
her Senators and Representatives upon an
organization which was regulated by these
clauses in the schedule, which, in my opinion,
were improper and invalid.
Now, Mr. President, I come to another
point. The convention of Arkansas appointed
a board of commissioners, who were to have
control of the State elections. The fourth
section of the schedule to the constitution
reads as follows:
"A hoard of commissioners is horeby appointed,
to consist of James L. llodges, Joseph Brooks, and
the president of this convention, any two of whom
shall constitute a quorum to transact business, who
shall keep an otiieo for the transaction of business
111 LittJe Rook, and who may einpi >y such clerical
force as may be necessary," * * * *
"and who are empowered and authorized to appoint,
or cause to be appointed, suitable persons for judges
and clerks of election in each county in this State,
to hold the election therein for all State and county
officeis, and for members of the Genoral Assembly
and of the Xlouso of Representatives of tho United
States, and also for the ratification of this constitu-
tion. Said election shall bo held at such times and
places ill each county, commencing on the 13th day
of March, and continuing 011 such successive days
as the commissioners may direct, to secure a full and
fair vote at such election."
Then follow provisions which I will omit
reading. The eighth section says:
" The said commissioners shall have power to in-
quire into tho fairness or validity of tho voting upon
the ratification of this constitution, and to_ count
the votes given at said election, and shall reject all
fraudulent or illegal votes cast at said election; and
said commissioners shall also have power, whenever
it is made to appear that fraud, fear, violence, im-
proper influence, 01* restraint were used, or persons
were prevented or intimidated from voting at such
elections, to take such steps, cither by setting aside
thoelection and ordermgancwone.orrojectingvotes,
01* correcting the result in any county or precinct as
may in such cases be just and equitable."
" Sec. 9. Tile said commissioners shall declare the
result of the election upon the ratification of this
constitution," &c. * * * * * *
"Sec. IS. In theevent that either of tho threeeom-
missioners appointed byseetion lour hereof should be
a candidate for any office, the other two commission-
ers shall canvass tho vote so far as it relates to that
office, and issue the certificate to the person elected."
sr * & * £ * * t
"Sec. 17. The commissioners herein appointed
shall receive for their services, ior each day actually
employed, such compensation per day and allow-
ances, and in such manner as are now provided for
membersof this convention. All expenses incurred
under this schedule, not otherwise provided for, shall
be paid out of the appropriation for defraying the
expenses of this convention."
That compensation was eight dollars per day
and allowances.
Now, sir, you perceive what large powers
were conferred upon this board of commis;
sioners. They had absolute control of this
State election. They were authorized to ap-
point all the officers who were to hold it, to
make such orders as were necessary in their
judgment for holding it; to receive all the
returns, and not only to declare the result, but
to try any question with regard to the fairness
of the election or other matter which related
to it. Who were they? The Srst man into
whose hands the whole power over this elec-
tion was committed was James L. Hodges,
who was himself a member of the convention
from the county of Pulaski, one of those in
which there was an enormous fraud afterward.
He resides at Little Rock. He came into the
State about the year I860 from the North, and
was employed for a time as the foreman or
manager in the State penitentiary. Peay and
Ayliff were the superintendents of the peni-
tentiary under a resolution of the Legislature
of 1865—60, and they had a contract with the
State which was supposed to be quite profit-
able. They were to have the use of the peni-
tentiary buildings, they were to have the resul ts
of the labor of the convicts, and to be paid
thirty five cents per day for each convict as an
allowance ; and at the session of 1866 there
was an appropriation of $15,000 for machinery
and materials for working the convicts in the
penitentiary.
Having the results of convict labor, having
the establishment stocked with machinery and
materials for working the convicts, and being
allowed thirty-five cents a day for each of
them, this appears to have been a liberal and
lucrative agreement. It was held by Peay and
Ayliff; but as there was some question about
their being compelled to take a new military
oath in order to hold such a position under the
State, their foreman, or manager, proposed to
purchase them out, and he did so, by an agree-
ment that he was to pay each of them the sum
of $5,000 for their interest in the contract, he
to assume it. That agreement was made.
The consideration money, as I understand,
was to be paid out of the net profits that
might come from running the institution after-
ward.
This northern man and purchaser of the
contiact (who had been there but a short time)
turned up afterward as a member of the con-
vention from Pulaski county, and by a resolu-
tion adopted by the convention his penitentiary
contract was ratified and confirmed to him.
The convention confirmed the contract with
him after a warm contest, in which others,
who desired an interest in the matter them-
selves, or were opposed to the particular con-
tract, resisted it. It was approved, however,
and made good so far as the convention could
validate it. That contract he held under the
resolution of the convention pending the elec-
tion. He was the leading man to manage the
election, to see to it that the constitution, the
work of the convention under which he held
his contract, should be adopted, and that the
proper men should be elected to places in the
State Legislature, and to other positions of
influence and power in the State, who would
hold good the contract and maintain him in its
enjoyment. It has been reported to me that
this penitentiary superintendency is one of the
most lucrative positions in the State of Arkan-
sas, and I am almost afraid to mention the
amount of money which it is alleged the incum-
bent can make. It is a very large sum yearly.
What 1 have stated will manifest the interest
which this commissioner had in the result of
the State elections for officers, as well as in
the adoption of the constitution.
The second member of this board (Joseph
Brooks) was a chaplain who accompanied a
negro regiment into the State during the war.
He resided at Helena, in Phillips county, in
the eastern part of the State, and was a dele-
gate from that county in the convention. Dur-
ing the sittings of the convention, and after-
ward, he was accepted, and understood to be
a candidate of the Republican members of the
convention and of the Republican party for
United States Senator, and it was understood
generally that he would be selected as such if
the constitution should be adopted. He acted
as commissioner of election, therefore, in pros-
pect of becoming a Senator from the State as
the result of a successful proceeding under the
reconstruction laws by the adoption of the con-
stitution and the election of a Legislature favor-
able to the constitution, and made up of men
politically friendly to himself.
The third member of this board was Thomas
M. Bowen. He was a member from Crawford
county, and was president of the convention.
He came to the State in 1803 as a colonel in
the Army. [ believe in a ICausas regiment,
