286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and underthe operation
thereof the motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was recommitted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS or LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to amend the act of
July 4, 1804, to more effectually secure the
payment of claims of loyal persons for prop-
erty taken and used by the Federal forces
during the late war; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
DISMAL SWAMP CANAL.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) Thatthe Secre- '
tary of the Treasury be directed to adjourn the sale
of eight hundred shares of the stock owned by the
United States in the Dismal Swamp Canal Company
from the 2d day of January, 1868, to which day the
said sale now stands adjourned, until Saturday, the
8th day of February, lisBS, at eleven o'clock a. m.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that resolu-
tions only affecting the parliamentary action
of both branches of Congress are usually con-
current resolutions, while those that have the
character of a law and are mandatory are in
the form of joint resolutions, which are read
three times in both Houses and sent to the Pres-
ident. The gentleman can choose which form
he prefers.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will make it a joint
resolution.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RUSSIAN AMERICA.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read,considered, andagreedto:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be. and he is hereby, requested, if not inconsistent
with tiie public interest, to communicate to this House
copies of all correspondence with, and instructions to,
our minister to Russia in regard to the question of
Kussian America; also all correspondence with the
liussian minister at Washington concerning the late
treaty with Russia, together with all the information
in possession oftheexecutivedepartment of the Gov-
ernment in regard to the country proposed to be
ceded by said treaty.
ENTAILMENT OF NATIONAL BONDS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire and report whether it is
expedient to permit any of the bonds in which the
national debt may be funded to be entailed for char-
itable or educational purposes under suitable regu-
lations as to interest, registration, and escheat.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. There
are many cases in reference to which there are
papers on file of claims that have been passed
upon adversely by the Committee of Claims,
and in which the claimants desire to withdraw
the papers. I ask that they be granted the
privilege of withdrawing them during the pres-
ent session upon leaving copies of the same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
object to that general permission. Let each
person apply to the House for that purpose. I
think it would lead to bad results to give such
an order as that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. That
course was taken last session, I think.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
object to it now.
! Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Then
I will ask that Mrs. Gaut and Mrs. Reeve have
leave to withdraw the papers in their cases,
leaving copies of the same.
Mr. PAINE. Let them take copies and
leave the originals.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Very
well.
Leave was granted accordingly.
POST ROAD BILL.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Many of the mem-
bers of the House desire to get post roads estab-
lished in their districts for the purpose of put-
ting mail service upon them immediately. The
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
have directed me to report a bill for the estab-
lishment of divers post routes. The Postmas-
ter General tells me, in reference to some of
them, that it is absolutely necessary that the
; bill should be passed now, because the ordi-
| nary routes have been obstructed by the ice
: and the sweeping away of bridges in some
! cases. I therefore ask that the House pass
the bill now; there is no legislation in it.
j. No objection was made,
j' Mr. FARNSWORTH accordingly reported
! from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a bill to establish certain post roads; :
which was read a first and second time. [
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed j
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it I
was accordingly read the third time, and passed. j
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider i
! the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXING NATIONAL BANK NOTES, ETC.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee on Banking and
Currency to ask consent to report a bill to
authorize the taxation of United States notes
and national bank notes by or under State
authority. !
No objection was made; and the bill was
received and read a first and second time. i
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move \
that the bill be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend the law in relation to
pensions; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
DATID BRADEN.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, intro-
, duced a bill for the relief of David Braden;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
IIENRY B. MEARS.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, also
i introduced a bill for the relief of Henry B.
! Mears ;• which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
PAY OF JURORS.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill to amend the act providing
for the pay of jurors in the circuit and district
courts of the United States ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
ARMY OFFICERS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. ROSS, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to communicate to the House of Representatives
what number of commissioned officers belonging to
the united States, includingregulars and volunteers,
are employed in the various governmental Depart-
ments, and in what Department and in what busi-
ness employed, with their names, rank, and pay. :
The question was upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say that the
Committee on Military Affairs have already
called for this information, and I believe the
facts just received from the War Department
give the information asked for.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to have the inform-
ation called for in my resolution.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to refer the resolution; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 52, noes 25; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wasitbdrne
of Illinois and Mr. Ross were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes G7, noes 31.
So the motion to refer was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF BILLS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the votes by which the various bills
introduced this morning were referred; and I
also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
■ The latter motion was agreedjte.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STONE asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence on account of sickness.
SAMUEL P. SNYDER.
Mr. ECKLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution to pay Captain
Samuel P. Snyder; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PROVISION FOR MAIMED SOLDIERS.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law that soldiers and others entitled to artifi-
cial limbs under the act of July 16,1866, may, when
from the nature of the injury and operation no limb
or surgical appliance can be advantageously adopted,
receive the present established value of such limbs or
surgical appliances in money in lieu of the order on
the manufacturer, and to report by bill or otherwise.
ADMINISTRATION OF WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BURR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be and is re-
quested to furnish this House at his earliest conveni-
ence with the following information: how many
employes in the various branches of his Department
have been discharged or dismissed since his appoint-
ment as Secretary of War; what were the respective
salaries of such employes, and for what reasons they
were discharged; second, what amount of Govern-
ment property, including clothing and Army sup-
plies. has been by him disposed of or sold within the
above period, and what were the reasons for such
sale; third, what are the number and location of
buildings heretofore in the possession and use of the
Government that have been by him surrendered or
returned to their owners within said period, what
were the reasons prompting such surrender, and at
what cost for rent or lease they were formerly held
by the Government for public use.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that this resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and on that motion I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to refer was agreed to,
there being—ayes 67, noes 29.
REGULATION OF COASTING TRADE.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
to regulate the foreign coasting trade on the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern fron-
tiers of the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 17, 18G4; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
JOSEPH HILL AND SONS.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimeus consent, intro-
