1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
d7W
the next meeting of Congress. I do not re-
member the number of it.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will call up
Senate joint resolution No. 139, relative to the
electoral votes of the late rebel States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I assure the Senator that
it will be perfectly useless to take that up at
this time. Gentlemen wish to be heard on it.
The minority, if there be a minority, have a
right to be heard upon it fairly; and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] had the
floor upon it the other day when it went over
at the end of the morning hour. As a matter
of honor to him, the Senate having decided
that'they would postpone the measure until
to-morrow by their vote, I do not think it would
be right toward that Senator to insist upon
taking it up now.
I take a very deep interest in the measure
the Senator from California names ; I believe
it essential to the peace of the country; but
the Senate has chosen to attend to corporations
rather than that, and I acqjiesce with satisfac-
tion, because L can bear it as long as the lest
can. So I think we had better take up the bill
relatingto the next meetingof Congress, which
has some relation, as the Senator from Cali-
fornia will readily perceive, to these subjects,
and provide for an earlier meeting of the regular
session than the one that is now provided for
by law.
Mr. COLE. I have but a word to say in
relation to what has been said by the Senator
from Vermont. I agree that the measure to
which I referred is one of the greatest possible
importance, and may be the means of saving
us from difficulties that we can hardly antici-
pate at present. I do not know what arrange-
ment exists between him and the Senator from
Kentucky ; but if there is such an understand-
ing that tlxe Senator from Kentucky is to dis-
cuss the measure before it passes, of course I
would not urge it against his rights.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest there are a
number of bills we can pass this afternoon
which are not objected to, and that we ought
not to take up a bill of a general character
which will lead to debate. Half a dozen mem-
bers sought the floor for the purpose of calling
up bills, and I have no doubt we can go on
with various fragments of matter for some time
to come. This is a bill of a general nature in
regard to the meeting of Congress.
Mr. ROSS. As the bill of the Senator from
Vermont will undoubtedly lead to discussion,
and I have a little bill here that I think can
be passed in live minutes, I ask him to let it
come up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iperceive thatthetemper
of the Senate is not to attend to any matters
of general interest to-day, and I withdraw my
motion.
BRIDGE AT TORT LEAVENWORTH.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 355.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 355) authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Missouri river upon the mil-
itary reservation at Fort Leavenworth, Kan-
sas, was'considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia proposed several amendments to the
bill.
The first amendment was in section one, line
six, after the word "upon," to insert "or
near so as to make the section read:
That it shall be lawful for the Kansas and Missouri
Bridge Company, a corporation having authority
from the State of Kansas, to build araiiroa'i, transit,
and wagon bridge across the Missouri river upon or
near the military reservation of Fort Leavenworth,
and that when constructed all trains of all roads
terminating at the Missouri river at or nearthe loca-
tion of said bridge, shall be allowed to cross said
bridge for a reasonable compensation to be paid to
the owners thereof. And in fase of any litigation
arising from any obstruction, or alleged obstruction
to the free navigation of said river, the cause may be
tried before the district court of the United States
of any State in which any portion of said obstruction
or bridge touches.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines two to five
of section two, to strike out the following words:
May, at. the option of the company building the
same, be built with a draw-bridge with a pivot or
other form of draw, or with unbroken or continuous
spans.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" length," in line nine of section two, to insert
" in the clear."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all
of the second section after the word "river,"
in line ten, as follows:
And the main span shall ho over the main chan-
nel of the river, and shall not be less than three hun-
dred feet in length : And provided, also. That if said
bridge shall bo constructed as adraw-bridge, the same
shall be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge, with a
draw over themain channel of thcriveratau access-
ible and navigable point, and with spans of not less
than one hundred and sixty feet in length in the clear
on each side of t.be central orpivot picrof the draw,
and the next adjoining spans in the draw shall not
be less than two hundred and fifty feet in length;
and said spansshali notbelessthan thirty feet above
low-water mark, and not less than ten feet above
extreme high-water mark, measuring to the bottom
chord of the bridge, and the piers of said bridge
shall be parallel to thecurrentof the river: Andpro-
Vidcd, also. That said draw shall be opened promptly
upon reasonable signal for the passage of boatswhoso
construction shall not bo such as to admit of their
passage under the permanent spans of said bridge,
except when trains arc passing over the same, but in
no case shall unnecessary delay occur in opening the
said draw during or after the passage of trains.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second section, as amended, reads:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any bridge
built under the provisions of this act shall not be in
any ease of less elevation than fifty feet above ex-
treme high-water mark, as understood at tho point
of location, to tho bottom chord of the bridge, nor
shall the spans be of less than two hundred and fifty
feet in length, in the e'ear, and the piers of said
bridgo shall be parallel with the current of the river.
The next amendment was to strike out of
section three the following words :
That all railroads and wagon-roads leading to said
bridge from either sidcoftho river shall have the
right of way through said Fort Leavenworth mili-
tary reservation one hundred feet in width, with the
right to usestone and timber and earth.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For tho use of all railroads leading to said bridge,
from either side of the river, there is hereby granted
a right ot way through said Fort Leavenworth mili-
tary reservation not exceeding three hundred feet in
width.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
close of the fourth section these words :
And that said hridgc company shall havethe right
to take from said reservation, atsuch places as shall
be designated by the Secretary of War, all stone,
timber, and earth necessary to use in the construc-
tion of said bridge.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have not had an oppor-
tunity of looking at the bill; and I desire to
inquire of the Senator who has charge of it
what the length of span is, and if it is a bridge
with continuous spans or a draw-bridge.
Mr. EOSS. The bill specifies that the span
shall not be less than two hundred and fifty
feet in length in the clear.
Mr. RAMSEY. The main span should be
over the main channel of the river at low-water
mark.
Mr. ROSS. I think the bill is sufficiently
explicit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think so important a
bill as one providing for bridging the Mis-
souri river at Fort Leavenworth on the Gov-
ernment reservation ought to be referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I see that the bill as ori-
ginally drawn provided that the main span
should be over the main channel, but that has
been stricken out. I move to reinsert that
provision.
Mr. ROSS. If it is stricken out, I think
that is a mistake in printing the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Minne-
sota is not now in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to invite the atten-
tion of Senators interested in the navigation
of the Missouri river to this bill. In regard
to the other rivers I believe the smallest span
we allow is three hundred feet. Gentlemen
who know more about the navigation of the
Missouri river than I do may know whether
two hundred and fifty feet there is enough.
The general impression now is that the spans
should be rather larger, instead of less than
they have been heretofore. Instead of three
hundred feet it is contended that there should
be five hundred feet span. There is some
doubt about that, but there is no doubt about
the ability to build an economical span of three
hundred feet. I doubt myself whether we
ought to allow this departure from the rule,
and I call the attention of Senators interested
in the navigation of the Missouri river to it.
I do not think there is any necessity for a two
huudred and fifty feet span. I think with rea-
sonable economy a bridge of three hundred
feet span might be built.
Mr. ROSS. This bill provides for a bridge
with a span of two hundred and fifty feet.
There is no necessity on that river for a longer
span, which would of course be more expens-
ive. The commerce of that river is not like
the commerce of the Ohio river, and it will be
accommodated by a spau of two hundred and
fifty feet.
Mr. POMEROY. The spans of the bridges
on the Missouri river should be of uniform
length. There is a law providing for bridging
the same river at Kansas City just below, where
the span is two hundred and fifty feet, and also
at St. Charles, which is the same. This bill is
copied from those bills. All the bridges au-
thorized on the Missouri river have a span of
two hundred and fifty feet, or rather the pro-
vision is that the span shall not be less than
two hundred and fifty feet. This bill was not
before the committee of which lama member,
but was reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, but in that respect, so far as it
relates to the span, it makes the same provis-
ion precisely as there is in regard to the Kan-
sas City bridge, and other bridges on the same
river. I do not know any reason why there
should be a larger span at this place than below
it on the same river.
Besides, this is not to be a pivot bridge. The
one at Kansas City is authorized to be a pivot
bridge, where there is to be a draw. This is to
be a suspension bridge, high up, so that it is to
be fifty feet above high-water mark. If it was
a draw-bridge there might be some reason for
requiring the span to be larger, because there
is often delay in opening and shutting draws ;
and there are difficulties in that regard which
require boats sometimes to have more sea
room, as they call it; but I think as this is to be
a suspension bridge, and as the span is exactly
in accordance with the span provided by law
for other bridges to be built on the same river,
it is right as it is.
Mr. RAMSEY. I had no desire except, to
call the attention of those particularly inter-
ested in the navigation of the Missouri river.
My attention having been called specially to
the subject of bridges, from my connection
with the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, I desire to suggest an amendment or
two that ought to be inserted.
Mr. POMEROY. We ought to insert a pro-
vision that Congress may alter or amend the
act.
Mr. RAMSEY. I was about to call the
attention of that final clause which we inserted
in the act of July 25, 1866, which provides for
bridging the Mississippi river. The thirteenth
section of that act declares—
"That the right to alter or amend this act so as to
prevent or remove all material obstructions to the
navigation of said river by the construction oi
bridges is hereby expressly reserved."
I move that clause as an amendment to the
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that amendment
ought to be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
