1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1671
it tested a good many times in the House of
Representatives and here; persons are sitting
on the steps, others in front wishing to go out
put those sitting on the steps to the inconven-
ience of rising and letting them pass—which
is their own matter; but a very considerable
part of the space of the two galleries in both
Houses consists of the steps. If persons
choose to sit upon them, I do not see why, on
an occasion like this, when every facility rea-
sonable, indeed possible, should be afforded,
by rule we should prevent that. It seems to
me that the good order of the occasion does
not require it, and that it is simply withdraw-
ing so much additional space which in a cer-
tain sense is comfortable and which ought not
to be taken away.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presented this order
at the request of several Senators—I do not
know why it was made to me—who asked me
to make some inquiries on the subject and
present an order; and after consulting with
the Presiding Officer, the Sergeant-at-Arms,
and other persons who had been familiar with
the management of crowds, this order was the
best that 1 could prepare. It did not precisely
suit me; but I could not conceive of any better
mode of preserving order during this time,
which will be one of very great excitement.
Nobody is excluded from the gallery by this
order. The public are admitted to the galle-
ries, only the mode in which the public shall
be admitted is regulated, so that the whole
gallery is not given up to a rude crowd that
may stand 
IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT JOHNSON.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The morn-
ing ho.ur having expired, all legislative and
executive business of the Senate is ordered to
cease for the purpose of proceeding to busi-
ness pertaining to the impeachment of the
President of the United States. The chair is
vacated for that purpose.
The President pro tempore then left the
chair.
The Chief Justice of the United Slates en-
tered the Chamber, accompanied by Mr. Jus-
tice Nelson, and escorted by Senators Pome-
eoy, Wilson, and Buckalew, the committee
appointed for that purpose.
The Chief Justice took the chair and
said: Senators, I attend the Senate in obedi-
ence to your notice, for the purpose of joining
with you in forming a court of impeachment
for the trial of the President of the United
States, and I am now ready to take the oath.
The oath was administered by Mr. Justice
Nelson to Chief Justice Chase in the following
words :*
" I do solemnly swear that in all things appertain-
ing to the trial of tli o impeachment of Andrew John-
son, President of tno United States, I will do impar-
tial justice according to the Constitution and laws.
So help me God."
[The Senators rose when the Chief Justice
entered the Chamber and remained standing
till the conclusion of the administration of the
oath to him.]
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the oath
will now he administered to the Senators as
they will be called by the Secretary in succes-
sion. [To the Secretary.] Call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll
alphabetically, and the Chief Justice adminis-
tered the oath to Senators Anthony. Bayard,
Buckalew, Cameron, Cattell, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis, Dixon, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hablan,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
ton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Irum-
bull, and Van Winkle.
The Secretary then called the name of Mr.
Wade, who rose from his seat in the Senate
and advanced toward the chair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator just
called takes the oath, I wish to submit to the
presiding officer and to the Senate a question.
The Senator just called is the Presiding Officer
of this body, and under the Constitution and
laws will become the President of the United
States should the proceeding of impeachment,
now to be tried, be sustained. The Constitu-
tion providing that in such a case the possible
successor cannot even preside in the body dur-
ing the trial I submit for the consideration of
the presiding officer and of the Senate the
question whether, being a Senator, represent-
ing a State, it is competent for him, notwith-
standing that, to take the oath and become
thereby a part of the court? I submit that
upon two grounds, first, the ground that the
Constitution does not allow him to preside
during these deliberations because of his pos-
sible succession ; and second, the parliament-
ary or legal ground that he is interested, in
view of his possible connection with the office
in the result of the proceedings, he is not com-
petent to sit as a member of the court.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, this ques-
tion I think is answered by the Constitution of
the United States, which declares that each
State shall be entitled to two Senators on this
floor, and that the court or tribunal for the trial
of all impeachments shall be the Senate of
the United States. My colleague is one of the
Senators from the State of Ohio, lie is a mem-
ber of this Senate, and is therefore made one
of the tribunal to tryall cases of impeachment.
This tribunal is not to be tested by the ordi-
nary rules that may apply in cases at civil
law ; for the mere interest of the party does
not exclude a person from sitting as a member
of the Senate for the trial of impeachment,
nor does mere allinity or relation by blood or
marriage. The tribunal is constituted by the
Constitution of the U nited States, and is com-
posed of two Senators from each State, and
Ohio is entitled to two voices upon the trial of
this ease. It seems to me, therefore, that the
question ought not to be made.
If this were to be tested by the rule in ordi-
nary civil tribunals the same objection might
have been made to one other Senator, who has
already taken the oath without objection, being
connected by ties of marriage with the person
accused before us. It is, therefore, perfectly
clear that while .the rule might exclude the
Senator from Ohio in deciding in ordinary
cases, or he might retire from exercising his
right to vote, that is a question for him alone
to determine. So far as the court is concerned
he is entitled to be sworn as one of the triers
in this case as Senator from the State of Ohio,
without regard to his interest in the result ot
the trial.
I have, as a matter of course, as the col-
league of the Senator who is now proposed to
be sworn, looked into this matter, and I have
nodoubtofit. 1 was prepared, to some extent,
for the raising of this question, though I hoped
it would not be presented. IIow far the Sen-
ator from Ohio, my colleague, may participate
in the proceedings of impeachment, how far
he shall vote, when he shall vote, and upon
what questions he shall vote, are matters that
must be left to him, and not for the tribunal or
for any Senator to make against him. His
right as a Senator from the State of Ohio is
complete and perfect, and there is no exclusion
of him on account of interest, affinity, blood
relationship, or for any other cause.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
suppose that under the Constitution any Sena-
tor is to be challenged, even for cause, upon
the trial of an impeachment. I concur entirely
with the view presented by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] which he has
just expressed. The objection raised by the
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hend-
ricks] is in the nature of a challenge, if 1 un-
derstand it properly, upon the ground of inter-
est in tlie question about to be decided by the
Senate sitting for the trial of an impeachment.
Now, sir, as has been very justly remarked,
each State has the right to send to the Senate
two members, and the Constitution declares,
whatever may be the character of those mem-
bers, whatever may be their relation to the
accused or their interest in the questions in-
volved, that they shall be component parts of
the body trying the impeachment. If an objec-
tion upon the ground of interest is tenabls an
objection upon the ground of affinity must also
be available. The Senate has already seen one
member of its body proceed to take the oath
prescribed in our rules who is known to be
related by affinity to the accused. I can see
no distinction between an objection resting
upon interest and one resting upon affinity.
Besides, sir, the honorable Senator from
Ohio who now offers to take the oath is but
the President pro tempore of the Senate. It
is possible, and merely possible, that he may
remain in that capacity until the conclusion of
these proceedings; but at the same time it is
not to be overlooked that it is but a possi-
bility. The Senate has it in its power at all
times to choose another President pro tempore
to preside over its proceedings. I cannot,
therefore, see any such interest in the question
as would seem to justify the objection which is
taken by the honorable Senator from Indiana.
I hope the Senator from Ohio, the President
pro tempore of this body, will proceed to take
the oath.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the ques-
tion is a purely legal one, and is to be decided
upon principle. 1 have no doubt that the hon-
orable member from Ohio will, as far as he
may be able under the temptations to which
he may be subjected unknowingly to himself,
decide upon the issues which are involved in
the impeachment trial with as much impar-
tiality as any of us. It is not, therefore, any
objection to the honorable member which in-
duces me to say a word to the Senate on the
subject.
The general rule, we all know, is applicable
to a jury as well as to a court, that no one
should serve in either tribunal who has a llear
interest in the result of the trial. The honor-
able member from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and
the honorable member from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] tell us that the Constitution provides
that the court in this instance is to consist of
the Senators of the several States. That is
true ; but that does not prove that a Senator
may not be in a situation which should exclude
him from the privilege ol' being a member of
the court. The Constitution of the United
States provides that the Supreme Court shall
consist of a Chief Justice and associate jus-
tices ; the law from time to time has regulated
their number; but I never heard it questioned
that, although by the Constitution and the laws
cases within the jurisdiction of that tribunal
are to be tried by them, a judge would not be
permitted to sit in a case in which he had a
direct interest. It by no means follows, there-
fore, that because the honorable member from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] is a Senator, and as such
entitled to be a member of this court, he is
not as liable to the objection of interest in the
result which your honor, the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court, would be liable toin a case
before your high tribunal in which you had a
direct interest m the possible result.
This is, as the honorable member from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] says, the only tribunal to try
such a case as is now before us. That is true;
but if the honorable member and the Senate
will look to the sixty-fifth number of the Fed-
eralist they will find why it was that the court
was constituted when the President is to be
on trial as it is constituted by the Constitution.
It was beeauseof the manner in which impeach-
ments are tried in the mother country. There
they are tried in the House of Lords. And I
have a recollection, not altogether distinct—I
did not know that the question was to be raised
to-day or I should have refreshed my recollec-
tion—that when in the case of the Senator from
New Jersey, Hon. Mr. Stockton, who had
been received as a Senator on this floor upon
his credentials, and it was proposed to exclude
him, which required a majority vote, the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] and I think several other members, but
