288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether this amount includes all the expenses
of the governments of these States, hoth civil
and military?
Mr. BUTLER. It does, so far as the Uni-
ted States is concerned. There are various
items of the expenditures of the local State
government which are not included in these
estimates of expenditure.
There is one fact, however, which I should
state, which is applicable to all these districts,
and that is that the commutation for quarters,
fuel, and forage, and mileage, in many in-
stances, of the military officers engaged in re-
construction , which would otherwise be charged
upon the War Department, are charged to this
fund and go to swell the apparent expenditure.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
the gentleman from'Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] that his motion that the committee now
rise and report the bill to the House is prema-
ture, the bill not having yet been read the
second time for amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. Then let it be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire'to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
whether it is possible for him or for the com-
mittee of which he is a very able member to
contrive some sort of a law which shall prevent
olficers, both civil and military, from expend-
ing more money than is appropriated by law
for them to expend? We are constantly from i
yearto year having these deficiency bills brought j
before the House, brought down here from the \
Departments, and we, apparently like so many I
clerks, are expected to pass the deficiencies |
through. We make appropriations for carrying
on the different branches of the Government.
No matter what sums are or may be appropri-
ated, they exceed them ; and they do it as fear-
lessly and as deliberately as they expend the
sums already appropriated, and then they come
to Congress with the utmost confidence that
we, as obedient as children, will supply the defi-
ciencies which they have incurred. Now, I j
wish my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. But- jj
ler,] who is confessedly an ingenious lawyer, I
would try and contrive some plan which will '
hedge around these officials and prevent them 1'
from expending more money than we give
them to expend.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to say to my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] that
that very subject is now being considered by
the Committee on Appropriations. An exam-
ination of the law was made by the committee
for that purpose. I am not trespassing upon
the rules of the House, I think, when I say
that there seems to be a general desire on the
part of the committee that some provision
should be made in the law for the purpose
indicated by the gentleman. We found, upon
examining the law that it' would be impossi-
ble, in the limited time now given us, to bring
in a well-digested bill which should accomplish
all that the gentleman desires; the matter
has, therefore, been referred to a sub-commit-
tee ; and unless we change our minds very
largely such a bill will be prepared and reported
in the course of the session. It is the full intent
of the committee to provide a remedy for the
very difficulty my friend from Illinois suggests.
«Mr. .LAW.iiivXCio, of Ohio. Beforeavote
is taken upon the motion that the committee
rise and report this bill to the House I desire
to submit to the consideration of this commit-
tee an amendment by way of an additional
section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will again
remind the committee that the bill has not yet
been read by paragraphs for amendment. An
additional section, by way of amendment, will
not be in order until the bill has been so read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill be read for amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I then give '
notice that when the bill has been again read
I will move the amendment I have indicated.
Mr. ROSS. Before the bill is again read I
would like to ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] a question.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire if this defi-
, ciency in the quartermaster's department of
over twelve million dollars pertains in any
degree to the expenses incurred under the re-
construction bills?
Mr. BUTLER. Not one dollar of it.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise merely because my
colleague upon the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Bi tleu] may have made an impres-
sion upon the minds of this committee by what
he has said which he does not design to make.
He has called the attention of the committee
to the fact that the amount expended and
asked for by General Ord to cover the expenses
of his district was so much greater than the
total amount expended and asked for by Gen-
eral Schofield, General Canby, and General
Pope for the expenses of their districts.
I desire to call attentibn to the fact that the
amount expended and asked for to meet the
expenses of the adjacent district, commanded
in the first instance by General Sheridan, in
the next place by General Mower, and more
recently by General Hancock, is nearly as great
as in the district of General Ord; in the latter
case being$840,000and in the former $818,000,
in round numbers.
On inquiring at the headquarters of the Army
for an explanation of that immense disparity
between the expenses of these two districts
and the expenses of the three eastern districts
I was informed that the matterwas well under-
stood there as being fully accounted for by the
difference in the topography of the country,
the land in the western districts being inter-
sected to so large an extent with water,
bayous, and other obstructions, and thus the
expenses are enlarged. So that these increased
expenses are not the result of any extrava-
gance in the expenditure of the money, either
in the case of General Sheridan or his suc-
cessor or in the case of General Ord. I have
thought it necessary, as a matter of justice, to
make this explanation.
One other remark before I sit down. I do
not understand.that the committee in making
this reduction of the estimates sent in by the
War Department have acted upon any partic-
ular principle but that of economy on general
principles. In other words, the total amount
of the estimates has been cut down arbitrarily.
And I have no reason to suppose that the
amount called for by those estimates will not
; have to be appropriated eventually.
! Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I should
: not have risen to make any remarks on this
bill but for the observation made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that
the appropriation of $3,500,000 for regular
supplies of the quartermaster's department j
and the appropriations of $7,250,000 for trans-
portation of the Army have nothing whatever
to do with the general expenses of reconstruc-
tion in the South. I believe that was the
remark of the honorable gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER. I so understand it.
Mr. BROOKS. I am glad that the gentle-
man has now qualified his remark, and has
given us his understanding instead of a posi-
tive averment. •
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to repeat his inquiry? I am not sure
that I understood him.
Mr. BROOKS. I asked the gentleman to
say whether the S3,500,000 which this bill pro-
poses to appropriate for regular supplies of the
quartermaster's department and $7,250,000
tor the transportation of troops are not a por-
tion of the expenses of reconstruction in the
South, rendered necessary by the maintenance
of an army there. What I desired to know
was whether the general remark of the gentle-
man that these appropriations have nothing to
do with reconstruction was meant to be taken
in a strict and literal sense.
Mr. BUILER. Mr. Chairman, I can only
reply to the gentleman by telling him exactly
what took place in the committee on that
subject. We had the Quartermaster General
before us and conferred with him upon the
deficiencies in his department as an entirely
separate item. We asked him for what he
desired these appropriations; and he never
suggested that he wanted one dollar for any
purpose of reconstruction in the South, but
wholly for the movement of troops on the
Plains and elsewhere. Therefore it was never
suggested or supposed in committee that any
portion of these deficiency appropriations for
the quartermaster's department was to no
toward meeting the expenses of reconstruc-
tion.
I have no doubt, however, that th<>re arc
expenses incurred by the quartermaster's de-
partment in moving troops in the South; and
the same expenses would be incurred in mov-
ing a similar number of troops anywhere else
so long as we have them. But during the
f>rogress of reconstruction there has been very
ittle movement of troops in the South. Small
bodies of troops have been kept at a large
number of posts : but there has been no gen-
| eral movement of troops to throw any con-
1 siderable expense upon the quartermaster's
department, except in two instances. One
was when the riot was feared in Nashville from
those who undertook to override the State gov-
ernment of Tennessee. In that case General
Thomas was obliged to move a considerable
number of troops ; but that was entirely out-
side of reconstruction. Again, in the case of
the riot at New Orleans, it was necessary to
concentrate a goodly number of troops there.
And who is to blame for that movement is a
question which is at this time well settled in
! the public mind of this country.
If there is any deficiency in regard to the
amount for moving the troops in the South
it comes from that source, and I think that
source alone.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I am not
going to enter into the question of the riots
and disturbances in the South; but I am going
to say that so long as four millions of negroes
govern eight millions of whites in the South
so long will you have a standing army, and so
long will its expense become a necessary part
of the expenses of the Government; it is a
part of the law of nature, of the law of race,
the inevitable law of force by which an infe-
rior race of men is made the master of a supe-
rior race.
Let that all pass. I rose not to enter into
any political discussion, but I rose to ascertain,
in connection with this bill, some information
| in reference to the reconstruction in the South,
j as to appropriations of $7,350,000 for trans-
portation for the quartermaster's department
of the Army and $3,500,000 "for regular sup-
plies." I have no doubt the Quartermaster
General looked at the whole Army, the larger
portion for the army upon the Plains, and a
considerable part for supplies and transporta-
tion of the large army which necessarily must
be continued at the South. I wish to make
this a matter of record, that the direct, posi-
tive appropriations for reconstruction in the
South of $1,500,000 not being found sufficient,
$657,000 is now called for by the Committee
on Appropriations. For reconstruction in the
South for this fiscal year $657,000 is asked in
addition to the enormous expenses necessary
to maintain a standing army, not only now but
throughout all coming time.
I might descant and dwell upon this subject
much longer, but that is unnecessary. I wish
only to say now that whatever the Committee
on Appropriations propose in the reduction of
the Army this side of the House should follow
and go even further. It is time the Army was
abolished in a large portion of a free country
like this and maintained only for the protec-
tion andgovernmentof Indiansupon thePlains,
for the necessary sustenance and support of our
garrisons upon the lakes and sea-coast. And
I trust this House, wherever they cut down
appropriations for the Army, will second their
efforts in every way in order to bring about a
