im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March &.
particularly the honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts, in order to satisfy the Senate that
Mr. Stockton had no right to vote in his own
ease, cited many instances in the House of
Lords in which it had been held that a mem-
ber of the House of Lords was not competent
to decide in a ease in which he had an inter-
est. It was upon the authority of those cases,
as well as upon the general ground which runs
through the whole of our jurisprudence and
the jurisprudence of the mother country, and
is foun4ed in the nature of things, that Mr.
Stockton was denied the privilege of voting in
his own case.
Now what was his case as compared in point
of supposed influence to the case of the hon-
orable member from Ohio? He Was to have
a temporary seat_ in this body, invested only
with that proportion of the power of the legis-
lative department of the Government which
otie member of this body has in reference to
the whole number composing the body and the
numbers which compose the House of Repre-
sentatives. His voice, therefore, would be
comparatively unimportant. And yet it was
adjudged by the Senate, as well as I remem-
ber, and almost with unanimity, especially by
those who thought Mr. Stockton was not enti-
tled to his seat, that he should not be permit-
ted to vote upon that question. How does his
case compare with that of the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio? The honorable member
becomes, in a contingency which this impeach-
ment seeks to bring about, a judgment of
guilty, the President of the United States,
invested with all the executive power of the
Government. Is it right, would anybody desire,
to be subjected to such a temptation, which
might lead him, unknowingly to himself, into
an erroneous judgment? The whole executive
powers of the United States, to say nothing
of the pecuniary compensation belonging to
the office, §25,000 a year, are to be his in
a certain result of the prosecution; and his
vote may produce that result.
I submit, then, and certainly without the
slightest feeling of disrespect for the honorable
member from Ohio, that it is duo to the cause
of impartial justice, it is due to the character
of the Senate, in its management of this pro-
ceeding, that there should not be established
a precedent which may in the end produce
excitement and bring into disrepute the Sen-
ate itself. The reason why it is, Mr. Chief
J ustice, that you are here to preside over the
deliberations of this court, shows that, in the
judgment of our lathers, it was improper that
any man should be placed in the situation in
which the honorable member from Ohio will
be placed if lie is admitted to be a member of
this court and exercises that function. Our
fathers thought, and they have incorporated
the thought into the Constitution, that he who
is to be benefited by the result should not be
permitted even to preside over the delibera-
tions of this court when the President of the
United States is on trial; that the Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, who is entitled only
to vote in case of a tie, of an equal division
of the Senate, should not be permitted even to
be a member of the court to preside over
its deliberations. It was, Mr. Chief Justice,
because our fathers were deeply versed in
the history of the world, perfectly acquainted
with the frailties of man's nature as exhibited
in the history of all political bodies, that they
denied, in a case of this description, to the
Vice President of the United States, the privi-
lege even of presiding over the deliberations of
such a court, much less of voting, and by his
vote bringing about the judgment which was
to make him President.
Mr. President, I do not know that we are
able to decide this question at once. My im-
pression is such as I have stated; but it is a
grave question, an important question. It will
be considered a grave and important question
in the eyes of the country, and it should be by
the Senate of the United States so esteemed.
It is a new question ; and I submit to you and
the Senate whether it is hot better to postpone
the decision of it in this case until to-morrow,
above all for the purpose of ascertaining what
are the precedents of the House of Lords.
Should they prove to be what I think they are,
then, unless we are disposed to depart from
the model upon which was formed this high
tribunal, I am sure the Senate ought to decide—
and I have no doubt the honorable member
from Ohio will acquiesce cheerfully in that
decision, and will himself see the propriety of
so acting—that he is not entitled to take his
seatas a member of this court. I move, there-
fore, that the question be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will make a
remark on this question, before the vote is
taken. If the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
asks to be excused from taking any part in this
trial it must be upon some principle estab-
lished by the Constitution. The Vice Presi-
dent presides in every case of impeachment,
except upon the trial of the President, and
there he is expressly excluded by a provision
of the Constitution—upon what reason 1 Be-
cause of his interest in the question from the
fact that if there is a judgment of amotion
from office against the President the Vice
President is to succeed to his place. The Con-
stitution thus establishes a principle, and that
principle is this: that when the President of
the United States, whether he has been elected
by the doctoral vote or has succeeded to the
office by the amotion of the President from
office—when a President who actually holds
the office is under trial the man who is to take
the place, if he be removed upon that trial by
the judgment of the court which is to try him,
is disqualified from forming a part of the court.
That is the principle. Now, can the Senator
from Michigan or any other Senator adduce
any principle that would require the exclusion
of the Vice President from presiding over a
court of impeachment of the President of the
United States that will not apply to the Pres-
ident pro tempore of the Senate when there is
no Vice President, when the President pro
tempore is presiding officer of the Senate, and
when by the Constitution and laws of the
United States, if the acting President, as he is
sometimes called, is removed, the President
pro tempore of the Senate is to take his place?
Mr. President, my argument is that the Con-
stitution itself, in relation to this court, has
established a principle, and that principle is
that any man standing in a position where he is
to succeed to the office of the President in the
event of his conviction cannot form a part of
the court of impeachment that is to try whether
the President shall be removed or not. It
seems to me clearly that, although the exclu-
sion of the President pro tempore of the Sen-
ate does not come within the strict letter of the
Constitution, it does plainly and unequivocally
within its principle and spirit. To every law-
yer it is a familiar principle that where a law
by its language and express terms does not in-
clude a case, but that case comes clearly within
its principle and meaning, the law shall be
extended by force of its spirit to comprehend
the case that is not strictly within its letter
but is clearly and undeniably within its prin-
ciples.
It seems to me, therefore, clear as a consti-
tutional principle that the President pro tem-
pore of the Senate, on the occasion of the
impeachment trial, occupies the same position
in relation to the office of President that the
Vice President would if he was here and was
the Presiding Officer of the Senate; and the Vice
President being excluded for the reason and
upon the principle that he is to take no part in
the trial because he is to succeed to the vacant
place if there be a judgment of amotion from
office, the same principle, clearly, undeniably,
in its full force and reason, applies to the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate, and therefore
he is excluded by the spirit and by the prin-
ciple of the Constitution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, it strikes mo that the whole proceeding is
premature, for the obvious reason that there is
no party here to take the objection. If this is
a court there is no party before the court to
raise this objection. It certainly does not lie
in the mouth of any member of this court, of
any Senator, to raise the objection of disquali-
fication against any other Senator; and, there-
fore, there is no party here properly to raise
the objection against the administration of the
oath. Whenever the proper parties appear
here on the one side and the other, either for
the people or for the respondent, then the court
will be in a condition to hear objections to the
constitution of the body; then the people will
be represented and may put the inquiry as to
the constitution of this court, and then, also,
the respondent may institute the same inquiry.
It may turn out that we are so constituted that
it will be necessary to raise this question and
to determine it; but at the present moment it
seems to me that there is no option and no
discretion but to administer the oath to all
those who, by the Constitution, are Senators
representing the States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do not
propose at this time to protract the debate;
but I wish to reply to the technical point made
by the Senator from Maine. It is inherent in
a court to judge of its own organization; it i 
a power necessarily possessed by the court
itself j and it is not for the suitors to present the
question whether a party claiming a seat in a
court composed of more than one member is
justly and legally entitled to that seat. It is for
the court itself to decide whether a member
proposing to exercise the right to sit in that
court is entitled to that right. Therefore, sir,
the question is not prematurely presented.
To the point made by the Senatorfrom Mich-
igan, which is not upon the merits, I have just
this to reply : that the possibility that the Sen-
ator now proposing to be sworn may cease to
be President of the Senate pro tempore is not
an answer to the objection. He is now the
Presiding Officer of the Senate, and assuchwiil
become the President of the United States if
the impeachment be sustained and he continue
to be the President pro tempore until the termi-
nation of the trial. If he ceases, during the
progress of the trial, to be the Presiding Officer
of this body, then he becomes competent, and
under the second rule which has been adopted,
if the rules should be recognized by the court,
he will be sworn in as a member of the court.
The point I make is, that now being the pre-
siding officer of the Senate, and now being com-
petent to become the President in case impeach-
ment be sustained, he is now incompetent to
participate in the trial.
The substantial merits of this question were
settled in the ease referred to by the Senator
from Maryland—the case of Senator Stockton,
from New Jersey. There the Senate decided
that a member of the body could not be a party
to a decision in the Senate in which he is inter-
ested ; and the possibility of holding an office
was regarded as an interest by the Senate.
Nor do I think the point made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] a good one,
that, being a Senator from a State, the Pre-
siding Officer has the right to participate in all
the proceedings of the Senate. The standing
rules of this body as a Senate contradict that
argument. One of the standing rules of the
Senate is that a Senator shall not vote when
he has an interest in the result of the vote ; so
that the Senate itself has restricted those gen-
eral rights and powers which the Senator from
Ohio thinks belong to each Senator as a rep-
resentative of a State. The Senate has said,
by its standing rules, that neither one of us
can vote if we have an interest in the result
of that vote. But, sir. in my judgment, the
constitutional ground is higher than this ground
of interest. The Presiding Officer has an inter-
est in the result of an impeachment trial ; he
shall not even preside; he shall not even main-
tain order and decorum in the body during the
progress of the trial; he shall vacate his seat
that the Chief Justice may preside; and what
does that mean ? It means something, sir. It
means that the relation which the Vice Prssi-
