1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
40th Cong....2d Sess.
National Expenditures, dec.—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. of Reps.
traction of the currency, and trade and indus-
try would be stimulated and made productive
after the compound-interest notes shall be can-
celed by a further increase of legal-tender notes
to supply in part the amount withdrawn from
circulation by the Secretary of the Treasury.
OBJECTIONS TO A REDUCTION OP CUItREXCY.
. A reduction of the currency is objectionable
because—
1. The conversion of legal-tender notes
bearing no interest into bonds beating interest
increases the burden of taxation.
2. It diminishes the prices of labor and
property, and thereby requires more days'
work and more of the products of industry to
pay the interest and principal of the national
debt and all other debts, taxes, and salaries of
officers than if ail adequate currency is main-
tained and the standard of prices preserved to
which the business of the country has been
adjusted and adapted, and which is now below
that upon which the public debt was contracted.
The Secretary of the Treasury says:
"The prices of most kinds of property in the Uni-
ted States advanced near threefold during the war."
* * ■* * "If the paper currency should
during [the next year] be reduced fifty per cent, and
prices of property should decline correspondingly,
would it follow that the real value of property would
thus decline? In the one case the value of the cur-
rency would be reduced in proportion to its increase
in amount. In the other, the currency would be in-
creased in value as it was diminished in amount.
Tho increase or decrease of prices would, if no coun-
teracting causes intervened, be the natural result of
the increase or decrease of the measure of value,
while real values remained unchanged."—Report,
page 15.
A decline in prices is not a decline in values,
says the Secretary! But a decline in prices
affects no reduction in the amount of public or
private debts. A decline in prices reduces the
paying value of labor and property, and this is
no small matter with §2,000,000,000 of national
debt, with $700,000,000 of State, municipal,
and corporate debts, and untold millions of in-
dividual indebtedness, and with annual taxes,
Stateand national, amounting to §600,000,000.
It is sometimes said that greenbacks are an
irredeemable currency. True, the nation can-
not now pay gold. But they are redeemed
every year in paying taxes and are again paid
out, giving a currency alike useful and accept-
able to the people.
DEMOCRATIC OPPOSITION" TO GREENBACKS.
The Democratic party during the war op-
posed the issue of our "greenback'' currency
—declared that it would become worthless,
denied the constitutionality of the legal-tender
law, and since in Congress its members voted
almost solid for its speedy withdrawal. (Globe,
vol. 57, p. 1014.) Tlieir President and Sec-
retary oftheTreasury now demand that we shall
continue the process of contraction which, in
its progress, has sent the premium on gold up
from twenty-five to forty per ccnt., and pro-
duced wide-spread ruin and bankruptcy already.
It has been recently stated—
"That about one hundred thousand people are
thrown out of work in Massachusetts alone; in N ew
Hampshire twenty thousand; in Maine ten thousand;
in Connecticut thiity thousand—in all. about one
hundred_ and sixty thousand persons. In Pennsyl-
vania mills are being closed, workshops stripped of
their hands, wages reduced, and employe^, when
kept, put upon half time."
Capital has laid idle because business men
were alarmed and unable to embark in enter-
prises that would give employment to labor and
add to the wealth of the country.
THE RUINOUS DEMOCRATIC POLICY OF CONTRACTION.
Y etall tho while this "Johnson Democratic''
administration has been urging contraction.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his last
annual report, says ;
"The measures regnrded by him [the Secretary]
as important if not indispensable for national pros-
perity, and, as a consequence, for a permanent re-
sum ption, are the funding or payment of the balance
of the interest-bearing notes, and a continued con-
traction of the paper currency."
Ilis "funding" and "contraction" mean to
convert the currency interest debt and the non-
inlerest-bearing greenbacks into gold interest
six per cent, bonds, thus increasing the bur-
den, but destroying the money with which to
discharge it. For one, sir, 1 repudiate the
policy of this administration in all its parts.
THE NATIONAL DEBT.
And now, Mr. Speaker, a few words as to
the national debt.
Upon this subject the questions which mainly
engage public attention are when and in what
shall it be paid, and shall it share the burden
of taxation? On the 20th February, 1808,
the Republican State convention of Indiana
adopted a "platform of principles,'' in which
it is declared:
" Third. Tho Government of the United States
should be administered with the striotest economy
consistent with the public safety, and internal reve-
nue should be so laid as to give the greatest possible
exemption to articles of primary necessity, and fall
most heavily upon luxuries and the wealth of tho
country, and all property should bear a just propor-
tion ol the burden of taxation.
" Fourth. The public debt, made necessary by the
rebellion, should be honestly paid, and all tho bonds
issued therefor should be paid in legal tenders, com-
monly called greenbacks, except where, by their
express terms, they provide otherwise, and paid in
such quantities as will make the circulation com-
mensurate with the commercial interests of the
country, and so as to avoid too great inflation of the
currency, and an increase in the price of gold.
"Fifth. The largo and rapid contraction of tho
currency, sanctioned by the votes of the Democratic
party in both Houses of Congress, has had a most
injurious effect upon the industry and business of
the country, and it is the duty of Congress to pro-
vide by law for supplying the deficiency in legal-
tender notes, commonly called greenbacks, to the
full extent required by the business wants of the
country."
The national debt on the 1st of February,
1868, was $2,051,498,001 98, as follows;
" Five-twenty " bonds, redeemable five years from date,
but ichiejt, are not required to be 2>aid for tirrnlj
years, with six per cent. interest, payable in pal el.
Amount redeemable April 30.1867... $514,780,500 00
AmountredceinableOctobei'31,lSS9.. 129,143,800 00
Amountredccmable June 30,1870  330,93 1,150 00
Ainouiitrcdecm:iHIeOctober 31,1870. P!.V.e'7,';-Yi oil
Amount redeemable Jane 30,1872 .... 227,103.150 00
1,398,18S,850 00
"Seven-thirty Treasury votes"—In-
terest seven and three tenths per cent.
in Currency.
Treasury notes payable in three years
from date, all due June and July,
18G8, but convertible by law into
five-twenty bonds, and which may
therefore be redeemable July, 1873,
or payable July, 1898   216,G9G,500 00
Total of these two classes $1,015,185,350 00
"Ten-fody" live per cent, bond?, interest and
principal in gold, redeemable, at the pleasure of
the Government, February 28, 1871, or m:tv run to
1901   $180,717,200 00
Bonds notdue until 1881, interest pay-
able at six per cent, in gold   2G 1,310,550 00
Total of these two classcs.  $115,033,750 00
Debt bearing no interest.
United States notes called "green-
backs"  $350,000,000 00
Fractional currency  32,087,311 51
Total   $388,087,311 51
The residue of the debt consists of six per cent,
bonds due in 1867-1868, Navy pension fund,
compound-intercstnotes, Treasury notes, three
per cent, certificates, matured debt, and gold
certificates, &c., $208,192,190 47.
T1I£ TEN-FORTY BONDS—THE BONDS OF 1831.
Of this debt, it is conceded on all hands that
the ten-forty bonds are payable, principal and
interest, in gold, and that the bonds payable in
1881 cannot, by the law under which they were
issued, be sooner paid. (Act of March 3,1804;
act of March 3. 1S03.) The greenbacks and
fractional currency should now remain undis-
turbed. •
MISCELLINEOUS MATURED DEBT.
The several classes of debt, making the ag-
gregate of 8203,192,190 47, including com-
pound-interest notes, will be paid out of funds
in the Treasury, or are already provided for.
THE FIVE-TWENTY BONDS.
The great body of the debt, SI,015,185,350,
consists of five-twenty bondsand seven-thirties,
convertible by law into five-twenties. With
regard to all this, the Secretary of the Treasury
proposes no change, but demands that it shall
run the full period of twenty years, and iu his
last annual report he says:
. "The bonds should be paid, principal as well as
interest, in coin."—Annual lie-port, page 23.
THE TRUE INTEREST OF THE BONDHOLDEBS.
Mr. Speaker, I have no sympathy with the men
who would attack the capitalist or undervalue
the patriotism of those who, in the perilous
hours of the rebellion, came forward and con-
tributed to aid the Government in carrying on
a war which saved the life of the Republic. I
would stand^ by the contracts we made with
them, and with the widows and orphans whose
means are invested in Government bonds; but
I warn them that their only safety is to accept
justice, make no demand beyond their contract,
and assume a share in the burden of Govern-
ment. If they fail in this, and terrible retri-
bution follows, no part of the responsibility
will be mine.
THE FIVE-TWENTIES MAY BE PAID IN GREENBACKS.
The original act of Congress authorizing the
issue of five-twenty bonds is that of Febru-
ary 25, 1862. That act also authorized the
issuing of "United States notes," commonly
called "greenbacks," and provided that;
"Such notes" * * t * "shall be re-
ceivable in payment of all taxes, internal duties, ex-
cises, debts, and demands of every kind due to the
United States, except duties on imports, and of all
claims and demands against the United States of
every kind whatsoever, except for interest upon
bonds and notes, which shall be paid in coin, and
shall be lawful money and a legal-tender in pay-
ment of all debts, public and private, within tho
United States, except duties on imports and interest
afoiesaid."
And this was printed in substance on every
greenback issued, and was notice to all the
world of what the contract was and is with the
holders of this class of bonds. Congress re-
fused to insert a provision making the principal
payable in coin. (Buooics's speech in House
November 27, 1807; also, Dctlbii's — sec
Globe, volume 53, page 3187, in House, June
22, 1804.) The interest is payable in coin—
the principal in any "lawful money." The
act of March 3, 1804, authorizing the issue of
ten-forty bonds made them payable, principal
and interest, in coin.
It is not for us to determine the wisdom of
these laws ; we are to deal with contracts as
we find them. Congress carefully omitting to
make the principal of the five-twenties pay-
able in coin and expressly declaring green-
backs a " legal tender in payment of all debts,
public and piivate," except where otherwise
specified, may have supposed that tho same
currency which paid the soldiers and which
now pays pensions to them, their widows, and
orphans—which pays all other loans, public
and private, might equally pay this great debt
of the nation.
All the States, cxcept Massachusetts and
California, pay in greenbacks the principal
and interest of Stale debts contracted before
they were known, and $700,000,000 of public
indebtedness—State, city, county, township,
railroad, and other bonds—ail rest on the same
form of payment.
The Treasury notes issued under the act of
July 17, 1801, before greenbacks were known,
were refused payment in gold when they ma-
tured three years from date. About six hun-
dred and eighty-four thousand fonr hundred
dollars of the $130,999,750 issued were paid
in greenbacks and the residue converted into
bonds.
THIS QUESTION JIATERI \L NOW.
But it may bo asked, how is it material nowto
inquire into the mode of paying the five-twenty
bonds ? I answer, by law the Government has
the right to redeem these bonds after five years
from date or elect to let them run on fifteen
years longer.
If §1,015,1 So, 350 of debt can be so renewed
as to save to the taxpayers only ono per cent,
per year, it will amount to $16,000,000 in gold,
