3722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 3, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock ra. Prayer
by Bishop E. S. Janes, of the Methodist Epis-
copal church.
The reading of yesterday's Journal was, by
unanimous consent, dispensed with.
colonel f. w. alexanders saw bayonet.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Iietolvcd, That the select joint Committee on Ord-
nance be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of adopting for uso in the infantry regiments of tlio
United States Army Colonel F. W. Alexander's saw
t bayonet, patented in 1864, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
washington ikon "works.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (II. II. No.
1353) to aid the building of a rolling-mill and
nail factory in the city of Washington, to be
named the Washington Iron Works; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
report on manufactures.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, and, under the law, referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed tor the use of the
members of the House three thousand extra copics
of the report of the Committee on Manufactures.
washington canal.
Mr. MOOIIE also, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial in behalf of the prop-
erty holders of Washington in relation to the
Washington canal; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. JUDD. It was the understanding and
order of the House yesterday that when we
adjourn to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. That was the order.
en rolled bill and joint resolution signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported thatthey bad examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint reso-
lution of the following titles ; when tile Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1027) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Black river,
in Lorain county, Ohio; and
Joint resolution (II. II. No. 318) to correct
an act entitled ''An act for the relief of certain
exporters of rum."
hot springs, arkansas.
Mr. HINDS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the constitutional con-
vention of the State of Arkansas, for the public
sale of the Hot Springs reservation, in said
State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the votes
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment.
Mr. O'NEILL. In view of the slimness of
attendance, and with no possibility of getting
a quorum, I move this House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me.
_Mr. O'NEILL. _ I will, if the gentleman
will renew my motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope we
will not adjourn.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES
Mr. W'ASHBURN, of Indiana. I call up
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House recommitted House bill No. 1279, in
relation to additional bounties, and for other
purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Indiana. I now
move that the bill be put on its
The first, section provides that when a sol-
dier's discharge states that he is discharged by
reason of "expiration of term of service," he
shall be held to have completed the full term
of his enlistment and entitled to bounty ac-
cordingly.
The second section provides that the pro-
hibition of bounty in the fourteenth section
of the act of July 28, 1866, to any soldier
who shall have bartered, sold, assigned, trans-
ferred, loaned, exchanged, or given away his
final discharge papers, or any interest in the
bounty provided by this or any other act of
Congress, shall not apply in cases when the
fulj amount of bounty has been advanced by
States, counties, or towns, to the soldiers or
to their families.
The third and concluding section provides
that the widow, minor children, or parents, in
the order named, of any soldier who shall have
died, after being honorably discharged from
the military service of the United States shall
be entitled to receive the additional bounty to
which such soldipr would be entitled if living,
under the provisions of the twelfth and thir-
teenth sections of an act entitled " An act mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1807, and for other purposes," approved
July 28, 1866, and the said provisions of said
act shall be so construed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. This has
the unanimous support of the Military Com-
mittee. The object is to cure some of the
defects of interpretation by the Second Au-
ditor.
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. I cannot
see any reason why the purchaser should have
the advantage of this. I am willing he should
have refunded what he has advanced, but the
balance should go to the soldier.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. 'This does
not refer to the purchasers, but only to the
States which have advanced the full bounty.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. But the
State according to this bill does not get the
difference.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The State
or the county gets the whole amount.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to amend by adding " but the State which
has advanced the bounty shall receive the
same."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I am jvill-
ing to have the bill amended so that the State
or county which has advanced the bounty shall
receive it
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. Say "the
State, county, or party."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. No, I can-
not consent to include the "party." I do
not want to make such transfers legal. I am
willing to amend so as to say "the State,
county, or town advancing the same," but I
do not wish to have tile bill so framed that
fraudulent transfers made by parties shall be
legalized.-
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It seems
to me that as the bill now stands these parties
will not be excluded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. They are
already excluded by law.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to state that the
committee were unwilling to make any change
that would enable men who have been buying
up soldiers' claims to draw any part of this
money. We desired to cover only cases in
which a State or some corporate body, such as
a county or township, has advanced the money
to the soldier as a matter of favor to him.
We propose that in such cases there shall be
paid back what, has actually been advanced.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. But. ac-
cording to the bill, if the party that advanced
the bounty is a State or county the transfer to
a third person is legalized.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The amend-
ment corrects that now.
The question being taken on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed to the committee, it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I nowwith-
draw the motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before
the House. The Clerk will read the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Washburn.]
The Ci.erk. Add at the end of section two
the following:
But a State, county, or town advancing the same
shall be entitled to it.
Mr. COB URN. I would inquire whether
there is any provision in the bill for cases
where soldiers have lost their discharge papers?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. We pro-
vided for that by previous legislation. Where
discharge papers have been lost the soldier can
get his pay by applying to the proper auditor
and making proof of loss.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Indiana. I will allow
it to be reported.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend the bill by
adding to it the following new section:
^ Sec. 4. A nd be it further enacted, That the third sec-
tion of ;m aetof Congiessentitled "An act to increase
the pay of the privates in the regular Army and in
the volunteer service of the United States, and for
other purposes," approved August 6, 1861, be, and
the same is hereby, construed to mean thatevery pri-
vate of volunteers entitled under and by virtue of
the proclamations of the President and the general
ordeis of the War Department, Nos. 15 and 25,dated
respectively May 4 and May 25,1861. issued in ac-
cordance therewith, prior to Julv 22,1861, the dato
of the passage of the ant entitled "An net to author-
ise the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing
the laws and protecting public property," shall be en-
titled to and be paid the allowance of S100 provided
by said general orders in alf cases where said pri-
vates were honorably discharged or mustered out of
service by competent authority.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I cannot
yield to allow that amendment.
Mr. COBB. I wish to state that I will on
the first opportunity report the amendment I
have just offered in the shape of a bill from
the Committee of Claims, to whom it is now
referred, and ask that it be put on its passage.
I desire to present, in this connection, extracts
from General Orders Nos. 15 and 25:
"Every volunteer non-commissioned officer, pri-
vate, musician, and artificer, who enters the service
of the United States under this plan, shall be paid
at the rate of fifty cents, and if a cavalry volunteer,
twenty-five cents additional in lieu of forage, for
every twenty miles of travel from hi} home to the
place of muster—the distance to be measured by the
shortest usually traveled route—and when honorably
discharged, an allowance, at the same rate, from the
place of his discharge to his home, and. in addition
thereto, the sum of $100." * * * *
"Every^voluntccr non-commissioned officer, pri-
vate, musician, and artificer, who enters the service
of the United States under this plan, shall be paid at
the rate of fifty cents in lieu of subsistence, and if a
cavalry volunteer, twenty-five cents additional in lieu
of forage, for every twenty miles of travel from liis
placc of enrollment to the placo of muster—the dis-
tance to be measured by the shortest usually traveled
route—and when honorably discharged, an allow-
ance,at the same rate,from the pi ace of his discharge
to his place of enrollment, and, in addition thereto,
the sum of $100."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to, and the
bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, andpassed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order in the
morning hour is the bill reported from the
Committee of Claims pending at the close of
the morning hour yesterday, on which the gen*
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. W:ashburn]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have been appealed to by the Committee on
Appropriations, who desire to go on with their
business now.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I agreed
