1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
to say that a particular member of their body
shall not take the oatli prescribed by the Con-
stitution ? How are ye to get at it ? Who are
the persons authorized to vote on this objec-
tion which is raised, and declare that the Sen-
ator from Ohio shall not take the oath? Is it
the right of the court, or, to speak more accu-
rately, of the comparatively few members of
the court who have by their oath become such,
to exclude a Senator? That is a very strange
view to take of the question. Of what interest
is it to us, let me inquire, even if we were or-
ganized as a court, that the Senator from Ohio
should not take the oath prescribed by the
Constitution? If there be an interest any-
where, that interest is only available on the
part of the accused, who is not yet before us.
He can avail himself of it only in the nature of
a challenge for cause, which I do not now
propose to discuss; at the same time, how-
ever, denying the right of any such challenge.
But, as the Senate are now situated, it is
entirely clear to my miud that we have no
right whatever to pass a resolution or order
prohibiting the honorable Seuator from Ohio,
or any onier Senator, if he sees fit, from
taking the oath prescribed by the Constitution,
and which we are now in the act of taking. It
v  an act coram non judice, without jurisdic-
tion or color on our part to perform.
I would suggest, therefore, that this objec-
tion should, for the present, be withdrawn.
The honorable Senator from Indiana must
of course see that, at the proper time after a
proper organization, all he seeks to obtain
now by his objection will be raised by learned
counsel upon the trial, fully discussed by them,
and considered and decided by ourselves sit-
ting in our judicial capacity.
Mr. MOKTON. Mr. President, if it should
now be determined that the Senator from
Ohio shall not be sworn it would be an error,
a blunder of which the accused would have
just right to complain when he should come
here. If a judge is interested in a case before
him, or if a juror is interested in the result of
the issue which he is called upon to try, it is
an objection that the parties to the case have
the right to waive ; and they have always
had that right under any system of practice
that I have known anything about.
As was suggested by the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] and the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] it is not an objection to be
made by a fellow juror, by another member
of the court, or by anybody except the parties
to the case ; and if we now, in the absence of
the accused, say that the Senator from Ohio
shall not be sworn, the President when he comes
here to stand his trial, will have a right to say
"A Senator has been excluded that I would
willingly accept; I have confidence in his in-
tegrity ; I have confidence in his character
and in his judgment, and I am willing to
waive the question of interest; who had the
right to inake it in my absence ?" The Senator
from Indiana, my colleague, and the Senator
from Kentucky have no right to make the
question unless they should do it in the char-
acter of counsel for the accused, a character
they do not maintain.
Mr. President, I desire to say one thing fur-
ther, that this objection made here, in my
judgment, proceeds upon a wrong theory. It
is that wc are now about putting off the char-
acter of the Senate of the United States, and
taking upon ourselves new a character; that we
are about ceasing to be a Senate to become a
court. Sir, I reject that idea entirely. This
is the Senate when sworn, this will be the Sen-
ate when sitting upon the trial, and can have no
other character. The idea that we are to be-
come a court, invested with a new character,
and possibly having new constituents, I reject
as being in violation of the Constitution itself.
What does that say ? It says that "theSenate
shall have the sole power to try all impeach-
ments.'^ The Senate shall have the sole power
to try; it is the Senate that is to try, not a
high court of impeachment—-a phrase that is
sometimes used—that is to be organized, to
be created by the process through which we
are now going; but, sir, it is simply the Sen-
ate of the United States. The Senate "when
sitting for that purpose shall be on oath or
affirmation." That does notchange our char-
acter. We do not on account of this oath or
affirmation cease to be a Senate, undergo a
transformation, and become a high court of
impeachment; but the Constitution simply pro-
vides that the Senate, while as a Senate, trying
this case shall be under oath or affirmation.
It is an exceptional obligation. The duty of
trying an impeachment is an exceptional duty,
just as is the ratification of a treaty ; but it is
still simply the Senate performing that duty.
"When the President of the United States is
tried the Chief Justice shall preside." Pre-
side where? In some high court of impeach-
ment, to be created by the transformation of
an oath? No, sir. He is to preside in the Sen-
ate of the United States, and over the Senate;
and that is all there is of it. "And no per-
son shall be convicted without the concurrence
of two thirds of the members present." Two
thirds of the members of the Senate.
Mr. President, if I am right in this view, it
settles the whole question. The Senator from
Ohio is a member of the Senate. My colleague
has argued this question as if we were about
now to organize a new body, a court, and that
the Senator from Ohio is not competent to be-
come a member of that court. That is his
theory. The theory is false. This impeach-
ment is to be tried by the Senate, and he is
already a member of the Senate, and he has a
constitutional right to sit here, and we have no
power to take it from him. As to how far he
shall participate, as to what part he shall take
in our proceedings, as has been correctly said,
that is a question for him to decide in his own
mind. But, sir, he is already a member of
this body ; he is here; he has his rights already
conferred upon him as a member of this body,
and he has a constitutional right to take part
in the performance of this business, as of any
other business, whether the ratification of a
treaty, or the confirmation of an appointment,
or the passage of a bill, which may be devolved
on this body by the .Constitution of the United
States. Because he has been elected President
pro tempore of the Senate does that take from
him any of his rights as a Senator? Those
rights existed before, and he cannot be robbed
of them by any act of this Senate.
But, sir, aside from this question, which
goes to the main argument, this entire action
is premature. There is nobody here to make
this challenge, even if it could be made legiti-
mately. The Senators making it do not repre-
sent anybody but themselves. The accused
might not want it made. He might, perhaps,
prefer the Senator from Ohio to any other
member of this body to try his case. It is
always the right of the defendant in a criminal
proceeding and of the parties in a civil action
to waive the interest that a juror or a member
of the court may have in the case.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the motion
that I made to postpone the question now be-
fore the Senate till to-morrow was made with
no view to impede at all the organization of
the court, so far us it can be organized by
swearing all the other members; and I with-
draw the motion now and put it in another
form, namely, that the question lie on the
table until the other members are sworn.
While I am up permit me to say a few words
in reply to the honorable member from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton.] He tells us it is for the Pres-
ident of the United States—applying his re-
marks to the case which is to be and is before
us—himself to make the objection, and that
he may waive it. "Willi all due deference to
the honorable member, that is an entire misap-
prehension of the question. The question in-
volved in the inquiry is what is the court to
try the President? It is not to be such a tri-
bunal as he chooses to try him. It is a ques-
tion in which the people of the United States
are interested, in which the country is inter-
ested j and by no conduct of the President, by
110 waiver of his can he constitute this court
in any other way than the way which the Con-
stitution contemplates; that is to say, a court
having all the qualities which the Constitution
intends.
The honorable member tells us that we are
still a Senate and not a court, and that we can-
not be anything but a Senate and cannot at any
time become a court. Why, sir, the honora-
ble, member is not treading in the footsteps of
his fathers. The Constitution was adopted in
1789. There have been four or five cases of
impeachment, and in every case the Senate has
decided to resolve itself into a court, and the
proceedings have been conducted before it as
a court and not as a Senate. To be sure, these
component elements of which the court is
composed are Senators, but that is a mere
descriptio personarum. They are members
of the court because they are Senators, but
not the less members of a court. The Con-
stitution contemplated their assuming' both
capacities. As a Senate of the United States
they have no judicial authority whatever;
their powers are altogether legislative; they
are to constitute and do constitute only a
portion of the legislative department of the
Government; but the Constitution for wise
purposes says that in the contingency of an
impeachment of a President of the United
States or any other officer falling within the
clause authorizing an impeachment they are
to become, as I understand, a court. So have
all our predecessors ruled in every case ; and
who were they ? In the celebrated case of the
impeachment against Mr. Chase, who was one
of the associate justices of the Supreme Court
of the United States, there were men in the
Senate at that time whose superiors have not
been found since, nor at any time before, and
they adopted the idea and acted upon the idea
that the Senate in the trial of that impeach-
ment acted as a court and not as a Senate.
I submit, therefore, that the honorable mem-
ber from Indiana [Mr. Morton] is altogether
mistaken in supposing that we are not a court.
But look at the power which we are to have.
We are to pronounce judgment of guilty or not
guilty ; wearetoanswerupon ouroaths whether
the party impeached is guilty or not guilty of
the articles of impeachment laid to his charge,
and having pronounced him guilty or not guilty,
we are then to award judgment. Who ever
heard of the Senate of the United States in its
legislative capacity awarding a judgment?
But besides that, why is it, Mr. Chief Justice,
that you are called to preside over the court,
or the Senate when acting as a court to try an
impeachment? It is because it is a court. You
have no legislative capacity; your functions are
to construe the laws in cases coming before
you; and the very fact that upon the trial of an
impeachment of the President of the United
States the Vice President is to be laid aside,
and the ordinary Presiding Officer, if the Vice
President himself does not exist, and you are
to preside, shows that it is a court of the highest
character, demanding the wisdom and the learn-
ing of the Chief Justice of the United States.
The honorable member says, and other mem-
bers have said, that a question of interest or
no interest is not involved in an inquiry of this
description. Does the honorable member mean
to say that if the honorable member from Ohio
had a bill before the Senate awarding to him a
sum of money upon the ground that it was due
to him by the United States he could vote upon
the (juestion of the passage of the bill? Why
not it the honorable member from Indiana ia
right? He is a Senator. If he is right that
the Constitution intends that each State shall
have two votes upon every question coming
before the body, then iu the case supposed the
honorable member from Ohio would have a
right to vote himself, and by his own vote to
place money in his own possession. Who ever
heard that that was a right that could be ac-
corded anywhere?
Mr. President, courts have gone so far as to
say that a judgment pronounced by a judge iu
a court of which he was the constitutional offi-
