1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the discussion of the general question of recon-
struction. On one or two occasions hereto-
fore I have expressed my opinions upon that
subject. I have seen nothing leading me to
change those opinions; but I shall not reopen
that discussion at the present time. I have
confined my remarks mainly to the proposi-
tion contained in this bill, to insist as a funda-
mental condition, a part of the contract, that
this State shall agree that it never will enjoy
the right which the old Constitution gives, and
the right which the second section of the four-
teenth amendment gives also to each State to
fix the qualification of its own voters. Accord-
ing to the old Constitution the States could fix
it without loss of representation, and accord-
ing to the fourteenth article of amendment,
when adopted, if they change the qualification
of voters so as to disfranchise men on account
of race or color they will lose to a certain ex-
tent their representation; but the right to reg-
ulate the matter for themselves they certainly
■would have under the Constitution, and I can-
not vote for this proposition -which imposes
upon them the necessity of entering into a
Compact to violate the Constitution itself.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
if the Senator will vote for the admission.
Suppose we strike out that part of the bill as
it came from the House and have it simply a
provision for the admission of Arkansas, will
the Senator then vote for it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator desires
me to answer, I will say that, if he will take
simply a resolution declaring that Arkansas
has a right to be represented, I will vote for it.
Mr. POMEROY. Represent it on this con-
stitution—I mean with this organization?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When that question
arises I will inform the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am so
desirous of having an early vote on this mat-
ter that I shall not take time to reply to the
various propositions which have been submitted
by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bucit-
alkw] and the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle,] but I desire to make one or two
suggestions lest some statements which have
been made should create a wrong impression
upon the minds of Senators.
I had designed to reply to the remarks in
regard to Mr. Bowen, the president pf the con-
vention ; but I think sufficient has been said
on that subject by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] to show that the Senator from Penn-
sylvania was entirely mistaken when he said
that Mr. Bowen was no lawyer. It seems that
he grew up in the town where the Senator from
Iowa resides and was admitted to the bar there
some years ago, and subsequently removing to
another part of the State of Iowa became a
member of its Legislature and was a man of
prominence there.
The Senator from Pennsylvania complained
of the two elections which had been held. That
is easy explainable. The commanding officer
who bad control of the election under the.
reconstruction acts in the State of Arkansas
declined to provide for the election of State
officers and a Legislature, as required by the
constitution which was framed by the conven-
tion in Arkansas, and simply provided for an
election on the question of the ratification of
the constitution. The convention, by a sched-
ule, had provided for voting at the same time
for officers for the State. This fact was repre-
sented to Congress, and in February last Con-
gress passed a law authorizing an election of
State officers to take place at the same time
that the Constitution was voted upon. This
law was not known to the commanding officer
in time to change his directions ; but the offi-
cers appointed by the convention to hold the
election on the constitution went on and hold
the election for State officers at the same time,
which was the day that the election took place,
under the orders of the military commander,
on the question of ratifying the constitution ;
so that really there were two polls opened on the
same day, and the State officers were elected
at the poll which was opened under the direc-
tion of the convention. At that poll most of
the opponents of the constitution declined to
vote ; but they voted at the other poll to the
number of twenty-six thousand and upward,
while twenty-seven thousand nine hundred
and thirteen voted for the constitution at the
same polls held under the authority of the mil-
itary, making a majority of thirteen hundred
and sixteen votes for the constitution, as ap-
pears by the return of General Gillem. We
have here the returns from all the precincts in
the State of Arkansas of the election held under
the authority of the military commander, show-
ing a majority for the constitution of thirteen
hundred and sixteen votes. At the polls held
under the authority of the convention, thirty
thousand three hundred and eighty votes were
cast in favor of the constitution, and only
forty-one against it. This accounts for the two
elections.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says that by
these returns submitted by General Gillem it
does not appear that the Constitution was
adopted, and he goes into the details of the
election with a view of showing that fact.
Time will not allow that I should go through
with these details ; but the statement that he
makes is calculated to create an erroneous
impression if left uncontradicted. He says,
for instance, that in two or three counties,
Pulaski and Jefferson, I think, that the vote
polled is larger than the number of registered
voters in those counties. That is true, and
well it might be, because we had passed a law
in February preceding which declared 
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will allow
me to correct him. That law was passed the
11th of March. I have it on my desk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the election was
held on the 13th of March. I have the law
before me; it was passed and received by the
President on the 28th of February, 1868, and
became a law and was in force in Arkansas
before this election was held.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The 11th of March.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The 11th of March, if
you please; the election was on the 13th. It
passed Congress and is indorsed as received
by the President '• February 28, 1808." The
President held the bill, so that it did not be-
come a law lbr ten days which would make it
the 11th of March, perhaps; I have not
counted the time.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will allow me
to say that the law was sent to that State, and
was received in some parts of it and not in
others, and thousands of men lost their votes
for that reason.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to state that
the law was not received by General Gillem in
time for him to make his arrangements under
it; but the people of Arkansas knew of the
passage of this law by Congress ten days or
two weeks before the election, and that it was
in the hands of the President; and tliey had
official information of its having become a law
in portions of the State at the time of voting ;
hence the commissioners having charge of the
election in the counties to which the Senator
from Pennsylvania referred received the votes
of all registered persons, no matter whether
they were residents of the county or not, and
in that way the vote was swelled m those coun
ties, while in other counties the vote was much
below the registry.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the Senator will
allow me to say that the commissioners met
with the law before them and decided that they
were bound by the law. That is shown by the
report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which was true. They
were bound by it, of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law was in force,
and they were bound by the law, of course.
Mr. BOCliALBW. They did not follow it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They did in those coun-
ties where they had it, and in other counties
the vote is much below the registry.
I think no list of the names of these persons
who were registered in other counties was pre-
served, so that you could afterward test the
correctness of the election. That was an irreg-
ularity ; but after General Gillem had sent 0|tt
officers, and they had gone over the State of
Arkansas, and spent some time—I think it was
more than a month after the election took
place before he made his return—he was unable
to ascertain that there were such irregularities
or such frauds in the election as to vary the
result as he gives it. The officers who were
sent out state that in many instances there was
a disposition to trifle with them on the part of
those alleging frauds. Frauds were alleged
upon both sides. The officers sent to examine
into them made their reports to General Gil-
lem, and he having the whole matter before
him sends here the return of the vote in the
State, showing a majority of more than thirteen
hundred votes for the constitution. He also
sends the reports of these officers who were
sent out to different parts of Arkansas to look
into this question of fraud. An opportunity
was given to show that there were frauds which
would defeat the election, if that were the case;
but there was an utter failure to show it.
It is fairly shown by this record that the
constitution has been ratified by a majority of
the people of the State of Arkansas who voted
on the question. There may have been some
irregularities; I think there were ; but, in my
judgment, it sufficiently appears from the'facts
shown that the constitution was fairly adopted.
It is alleged that men were kept from the
polls by threats and by violence, and in some
places that they were unable to open a poll
at all. Perhaps there are as many allegations
of fraud upon one side as the other. I think
it is not necessary to follow the Senator from
Pennsylvania further on that point. I will not
take up time unnecessarily.
The Senator from Pennsylvania complains
of the homestead exemption provision in the
constitution. It is a liberal provision, but it
is to operate in futuro. Every person making
contracts in that Stale will make them with
reference to the constitution of the State. It
is a matter about which individuals and States
differ. The modern tendency has been to
enlarge the amount of property that is to be
protected from execution. In the new States,
a much larger amount of property is exempted
than in the old. This is a liberal provision in
Arkansas: but I do not know that it is an
unreasonable provision. I do not think we
should reject their constitution for any such
reason. If it does not work well, the people
of Arkansas can amend and change their con-
stitution in that respect.
A word now as to what has been said by the
Senator from Wisconsin. He makes two^ ob-
jections, and it seems to me his objections
are inconsistent with each other. In the first
place, he objects because the constitution of
Arkansas requires that a person who applies
to vote shall take an oath that he will recog-
nize the political and civil equality of all per-
sons before the law, that he will •' accent the
situation," if you please. I do not think I
should have inserted such a clause in the con-
stitution if I had been making it; but the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin and I both agree that this
question of suffrage is to be regulated by each
State for itself. If it suits the people of Ark-
ansas to have it that way, 1 do not know what
provision of the Constitution of the United
States forbids it,.
The Senator goes on afterward to say that
he objects to the fundamental condition in-
serted in the bill by the House of Represent-
atives, which declares that the State constitu-
tion shall not be amended hereafter, so as to
deprive any citizen or class of persons of the
right to vote to whom that right is now given ;
and he says that we have no right to impose
such a condition. I do not know that I would
disagree with the Senator from Wisconsin on
that point. I believe the people of Arkansas
will have the same right to cnange their con-
stitution when they are recognized as having
a State government entitled to representation
in Congress, as the people of Wisconsin or the
I people°of Illinois now have, and I am very
