1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3723
to move to adjourn when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] yielded the floor
to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
suggest that as the Committee of Claims are
entitled to a morning hour to-day, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, by unanimous con-
sent, go on to-day, and that the Committee of
Claims have a morning hour on Tuesday next.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I object, unless a
regular morning hour is granted to committees
for public business.
Mr. BLAINE. Give the Committee of
Claims an extra morning hour by unanimous
consent.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will that
postpone the debate on the Alaska bill?
The SPEAKER. It will for one day.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 object.
anthony bucher.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (IT. 11. No. 1320) for the relief of Anthony
Bucher, reported on Friday last from the Com-
mittee of Claims by Mr. Hardino.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to investigate, and if, in
his opinion, it shall appear proper, issue to
Anthony Bucher a Treasury note for fifty dol-
lars to supply such a note as shall appear to
have been destroyed by fire, and belonging to
him, in the summer of 1867.
Mr. MAYNARD. This little bill involves
a principle that I do not think has been settled
by this House, and I do not think the House
ought to settle it at this time and in this way.
The principle is that when money of the Gov-
ernment is lost by destruction or otherwise it
shall be reimbursed by the issuance to the party
of the same amount. If, for example, 1 lose
a hundred dollar greenback and show that it
was burnt, and bring the case here, the Gov-
ernment is to make my loss good. It is an
important principle, aud one that I am not
prepared to sauction. I think Government
money ought to stand on the same footing as
any other money. If a man loses his money
it is his own loss.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
committee do not propose to put it on any
other footing. It is put on the same footing
as the money of the banks of the country. 1
will explain to the House the peculiaiity of
this case, and then the House will do as they
see fit in regard to passing the bill. It seems
that this man, who was serving in the Army,
sent home to his wife in a letter a fifty dollar
greenback and three five dollar greenbacks.
She put the money in an envelope and secreted
it in the straw bed. Some little time subse-
quently, while the wife of the soldier was in
the garden, the daughter in emptying the straw
bed set the bed on fire.
ORDElt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Illinois. I will say
to my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wash-
burn] that I think, by consent, we can now
make an arrangement by which the gentleman
can get his morning hour on Tuesday. The
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Tkowbridge]
desires the passage of a bill, to be reported
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
from the Committee on Military Affairs, and
to which I think there will be no objection.
If that bill can be passed the gentleman from
Massachusetts can then have a morning hour
on Tuesday for his committee. And I suggest
that we then go into Committee of the Wiiole
on the state of the Union on the appropriation
bills, with the understanding that no quorum
shall be necessary, and that whenever an
amendment is adopted by a majority of those
voting it shall go to the House, and when it
is rejected, let it stand the same as it would
if there was a quorum voting, and with this
further understanding that the amendments
shall not be voted upon until we shall have a
quorum on Monday or Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the proposition simply to be t,o finish the bills
in Committee of the Whole and report tlicm
to the House ; and the Chair will state to the
House that any member can have a separate
vote in the House on any amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It goes
further than t.hat,. It interferes with the call
of committees on Tuesday next. Now, there
are some of us who are on committees which
are behind others, and which will be postponed
in such a way as to throw us entirely out. I
cannot agree to such an arrangement.
Mr. MILLER. Will not the proposed ar-
rangement interfere with the call of other
committees?
The SPE AKE R. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] objects to the arrange-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the sug-
gestion to be that there shall be an extra
morning hour on Tuesday.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. No; there
is to be no extra morning hour. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Trowbridge] will
have accomplished his object if the bill is re-
ported by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] and passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the House, if they will indulge the Chair,
that it will avoid any conflict about commit-
tees not being called if they will give the
morning hour of Monday to the Committee
of Claims. That will not interfere with the
call of any other committee whatever.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Let them
have a morning hour after the regular morn-
ing hour on Monday, and I will not object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will mod-
ify my suggestion ill that way.
The SPEAKER. That will not interfere
with the call of any other committee, and the
Committee of Claims will have an hour after
the morning hour of Monday. The Chair hears
no objection to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washburxe,] as mod-
ified.
fort gratiot rkserve, michigan.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that the same do pass, House
bill No. 550, providing for the sale of a por-
tion of the Fort Gratiot military reservation in
St. Clair county, in the State of Michigan.
The question was upon ordering the hill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at, length. The first sec-
tion authorizes the Secretary of War to sell,
at such times as he may deem most advantage-
ous to the interests of the Government, and in
such manner as hereinafter provided, all that
portion of the military reservation known as
Fort Gratiot, in St. Clair county, in the State
of Michigan, which lies south of aline running
due west from the south end of the Grand
Trunk railroad wharf, on the St. Clair river,
until it intersects the road known as the Lex-
ington road, and all that portion which lies
west of said Lexington road.
The second section provides that all that
portion of the above described lands which
lies east of a line running due south from the
point of intersection with the Lexington road,
mentioned in the foregoing section of this act,
shall be divided into blocks and lots of con-
venient size for building purposes, with public
streets conforming as near as may be, without
detriment to the interests of thfe Government
or the State, to the public streets of the city of
Port Huron, adjoining such ground, and sold
by lots at public auction at the city of Port
Huron to the highest bidder, public notice of
such sale having first been given for thirty days
by advertisement in all the papers published in
the city of Port Huron, and in at least two
papers published in the city of Detroit, Michi-
gan. A plat of this division, made in accord-
ance with the laws of the State of Michigan,
shall be filed with the proper officer of the city
of Port Huron. The remaining portion of the
military reservation, for the sale of which pro-
vision is made in the first section of this act,
shall be sold at public auction at the city of
Port Huron, after due notice as prescribed in
this section, at such times and in such parcels
as may be deemed most advantageous to the
interests of the Government by the Secretary
of War.
The third section provides that the proceeds
arising from the sale herein provided for, after
paying the attendant expenses, shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States in the
same manner as the proceeds from the sale of
other public lands.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to the following memorial,
which gives all the reasons for the passage of
this bill:
To the Congress of the United States:
The mayor and common council of the city of Port
Huron respectfully memorialize your honorable body
to pass an act authorizing the i-ale of all that portion
of the Fort Gratiot military reserve not absolutely
required for military purposes, for the following
reasons:
Thereservc now consists of more than fix hundred
acrcs of land, stretching from the St. Clair river on the
east to the Black river on the wost,itssouthern bound-
ary bordering the rao<t densely settled portion of
our city, entirely checking its growth to the north.
The entire reserve is now mcludcd in our city limits.
Not one twentieth part of it ever was or probably ever
will be used, in any manner, for military purposes.
Ihe remaining portion lies untenced, uncultivated,
and unprotected, an open common, which was onco
covered with a beautifulgrowth of timber, butwhich,
in consequence of the many depredations which have
been continually committed on it lor years, is now in
a wretched state of dilapidation,thickly strewn with
dead, fallen, and decaying timber and stumps and a
thick growth of underbrush and brambles, a p.isturo
for large herds ot hogs and cattle and a haunt for vile
characters who daily and nightly infest if, committing
their depredations, outrages, and crimes without fear
of punishment; our {State courts being entiiely pow-
erless in the matter, neither the city nor State gov-
ernments having any jurisdiction whatever over it,
and the tribunals of the United States being inaccess-
ible, no court, marshal, or district attorney being
nearer than Detroit, a distance of more than sixty
miles. Cases of robbery, assault with intent to kill,
and mnay other grave crimes have been committed on
the reserve, and the parties escaped before any proper
authority could be reached for their arrest; and when-
ever any of these cases have been tried it has be- n at
an expense to the United Suites tea times as great as
though they had been tiied in our local courts.
Our only railroad depot and a flourishing village
are located immediately adjoining the northern
boundary of the reserve, and large numbers of peo-
ple are hourly passing over it, to and Irom our city.
The extent of the reserve is so great that the troops
stationed on it cannot prevent depredations being
committed; there is not more than one soldier to
every ten acres. Each of the different post com-
manders which have been stationed here has com-
plained that the attempt to prevent depredations on
so large a territory, surrounded by so dense a popu-
lation, was imposing too heavy a burden 011 thesmail
garrison stationed here. The British Government
have disposed of their military reserve on the Cana-
dian shore opposite the reserve here. The river bank
on the south half of the reserve is being very rapidly
washed away by the force of the current; very many
rods have disappeared in the last few years; tho
amount washed away is each year rapidly increas-
ing. If this is permitted to continue it will  «oon.
endanger the northern portion of our city. The
Government now owns to the north of the military
reserve, at the head ot the St. Clair river, a reservo
known a? the light-house reserve, consisting of about
one hundred and fifty acres, with a front on the river
and lake of about three quarters of a mile, over
which the military authorities exercise contiol and
which would be available in ca«e of hostilities. It
is hardly to be presumed that in case of hoslilities
with the British Government we would station troops
on tho Canadian frontier to act on the defensive.
The only object of a military reserve would be to
prevent by the use of artillery the navigation^*' the
river by tho enemy. The portion asked lor iu this
memorial would not be required and is not favor-
ably located for this purpose. After disposing of all
that portion of the reserve which we ask tor, ihe
Government would have left, including the light-
house reserve, more than two hundred acres of laud,
with a front on the river of more than a mile, and
that, too, just where it would be required, directly
at the head of the river, at a point where the rapidity
of the current renders navigation difficult, and where
the river is considerably narrower than at any other
point on the whole Canadian frontier.
The only reason we have ever heard assigned for
retaining by the Government so much unoccupied
territory was to prevent the troops coming dntctly
in contact with the citizens. After disposing of tho
south half of the reserve there would still be left
distance of about halt a mile between the post and
the city, a distance several times as groat as that now
between the post and the village to the north ot it.
Not a single regnlar soldier was stationed at this
post for fourteen years previous to the close of the
war. In our judgment no greater necessity exists
for them now than then, and we expect to seethe
post abandoned again when our Army is reduced to
