3724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July €>,
ft strictly peace footing. From the foregoing it will
by seen that the reseivc is much greater m extent
than ever was or ever will be lequired lor military
purposes; that for many years it was entirely aban-
doned; that the southern and western portion is
entirely valueless to the Government; that it is a
burden on the military suthoiitieb; that it is rapidly
being destroyed by the force of the current; that the
Government will not and the people cannot protect
it; that in its present dilapidated condition it is a
nuisancc to both the Government and the people
here; thnt it entirely obstructs thegrowth of our city
in that direction; that it encourages a large amount
of crime which we arc powerless to prevent; that the
Government would suffer nothing, and both it and
the people here bo greatly benefited by its sale.
The above memorial was adopted December 16,
1867. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our
hands and caused, the seal of the city to bo affixed.
rT « i JOHN JOHNSTON, Mo,/or.
lL' S'J ALBERT DIXON, Clerk.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to suggest
an amendment to the second section of this
bill. This bill was drafted by me, and at the
time I did not know the exact officer with
whom this plat should be filed. I have since
ascertained (he proper officer, and therefore I
move to amend section two by striking out
the words "proper officer of the city of Port
Huron'' and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" register of deeds of St. Clair county, Mich-
igan."
Mr. GARFIELD. There is no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Trowbridge was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to move an amendment to the last seclion, to
strike out the words " after paying the attend-
ant expenses;'' so that all the proceeds of
this sale may be paid into the Treasury, and
all the expenses may be paid here.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the hill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bootwell] was instructed by
the Committee on Reconstruction to report a
bill from that committee. lie is not now pres-
ent, and on his behalf I ask unanimous con-
sent to report the bill, and to have the bill and
accompanying report printed, and the bill
recommitted to the committee.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. It.
No. 1352) for the removal of certain disabil-
ities from the persons therein named was read
a first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed House bill No. 818, making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1869, and
for other purposes, with sundry amendments,
in which the consent of the House was requested.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the amendments of the Senate to the
civil appropriation bill, just reported from the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House again resolves itself into
Committee of the Whole on the Senate amend-
ments to the legislative appropriation bill, all
debate upon the pending amendment, and all
amendments thereto shall terminate in three
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that tlie rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Jcdd in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the Senate amendments to the bill
(II. R. No. 605) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1809.
The pending amendment of the Senate was
to add to the bill the following:
Sec. —. And be it further cnacted. That all acts or
parts of acts authorizing tho publication of tho de-
bates in Congress are hereby repealed from and after
the *)th day of March next, and tho joint Committee
on Printing is hereby authorized and reaaired to
invito pioposals for the publication of tho actual
proceedings and debates in Congress, upon a plan
and specifications to bo previously published by
them, a.ud shall also ascertain the cost ot such pub-
lication by tho Superintendent of Public Printing,
and shall report as soon as practieablosuch proposals
and estimate of cost, together with a bill to provide
for the publication of tho debates and proceedings
of Congress.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Donnelly, to add to the amend-
ment of the Senate the following:
And from and after the 4th day of March, 1859, un-
less it be previously otherwise ordered by Congress,
the proceedings and debates of the two Houses, shall
be published daily at the Congressional Printing
Office, the reports thereof being furnished by re-
porters piovuled by each House for itself, in such
manner and under such regulations as it may pre-
scribe.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate upon the
pending amendment of the Senate, by order
of the House, will close in three minutes.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I wish to state that
when I reported, by order of the Committee of
Ways and' Means, a tariff bill a few days ago,
I gave notice that when the House should go
into Committee of the Whole I would move to
lay aside other bills for the purpose of taking
up that bill. But as the House is very thin
this morning, I will defer that motion until
Monday, giving notice that on Monday, when
we go iuto Committee of the Whole, I will make
that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iam glad
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Moorheap] has given that notice, in order
that on Monday we may have a full House,
and that that vote may be considered a test
question as to whether or not the House will
consider the tariff bill at this session.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That can
hardly be considered as a test question. Iam
in favor of tho tariff bill, but I shall vote against
postponing in Committee of the Whole all other
bills, unless we shall by that time have dis-
posed of certain bills which are now pending.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I merely give the
notice.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to repeat anything that I have here-
tofore said on the subject of reporting our
debates. I hope this amendment of the Sen-
ate will be adopted. To the proposition of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] I
have no special objection, though I do not
attach as much importance to it, perhaps, as
he does. I hope the Senate amendment will
be adopted for two reasons. I think it import-
ant that the mode of publishing the debates be
so far changed that the reports, instead of being
laid onour desks at noon, when it is very incon-
venient for us to take them up and examine
them, shall be furnished at such an hour in the
morning that they may be laid on our tables
at breakfast.
1 understand (and ray information is such
that I have not felt at liberty to disregard it)
that the amount at present paid for reporting
and publishing our debates is much greater
than would be necessary under a different
arrangement for reporting and publishing them
in as accurate and creditable a manner as at
present. For this reason I think that in pur-
suance of the legislation adopted at the last
Congress we ought to suspend the present
mode of publishing the debates and let the
matter be reexamined by appropriate commit-
tees of the two Houses, aided by the report of
the Superintendent of Public Printing, so that
when 'another arrangement for publishing the
debates shall be adopted the House and the
country may understand that it is based upon
the best attainable terms, and that the impres-
sion which has so largely prevailed shall no
longer have anything to rest upon. I under-
stand that the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] who has championed the present
publishers, is perfectly willing that the matter
shall take t-hat direction, and that the amend-
ment of the Senate shall be concurred in.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not know that I am the
special champion of anybody except the truth.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not say that the
gentleman was the " champion " of these pub-
lishers ; I said he had championed them.
Mr. BLAINE. There -is no necessity for
any debate upon the matter, because the pub-
lishers of the Globe want this amendment of
the Senate adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD. The amendment simply
leaves open to future action the question what
we shall do about the Globe.
Mr. Donnelly's amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senate was not agreed to.
The amendmeut of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Two hundred and twenty-fifth amendment:
Add tho following as a new section:
Sico. —. And be it further enacted. That all adver-
tisements, notices, proposals 1'or contracts, executive
proclamations, treaties, and laws, required by law to
bo published in the District of Columbia, shall bo
published only in tho two papers selected under the
act approved May 18,1866, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the service of tho Post Office
Department during tho fiscal year ending the 30th
day of June, 18G7, and for other purposes," but only
when the same shall be delivered to such papers by
the proper head of a Department for publication,
and all of section two of tho act approved March 2,
18G7, entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1867, and for other purposes," pre-
ceding the proviso thereof, is hereby repealed, and
no advertisement whatever in newspapers published
in the District of Columbia shall be paid for by any
disbursing officer, and if paid, shall not be allowed
by any accounting officer unless published in pursu-
ance of this act.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence with the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all of said Senate amendment after the
tho word " under," in line live, as follows:
The act approved May 18,1866, entitled "An act
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department, during the fiscal year ending tho
30th day of June,1867, and for other purposes," but
only when the same shall be delivered to such papers
by the proper head of a Department for publication,
and all of section two of the act approved March 2,
1867. entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending Juno 30,1867, and for other purposes," pre-
ceding the proviso thereof is hereby repealed, and
no advertisemcntwhatevcr in newspapers published
in the District of Columbia shall be paid tor by any
disbursing officer, and if paid shall not bo allowed
by any accounting officer unless published in pursu-
ance of this act.
And in lieu thereof insert tho following:
Thiee papers authorized by law: and no publica-
tion appertaining to any one State, district, or Ter-
ritory shall be transferred or paid for ia any other
State, district, or Territory; and the act approved
May 18,1866, entitled "An act makingappropriations
lor the service of the Post Olflee Department dur-
ing tile fiscal year ending the 30th day of June, 1867,
and for other purposes.' and all of section two of the
act approved March 2,1867, entitled "An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30.1867, and for
other purposes," shall continue in force.
Mr. PHELPS. What is the effect of that
amendment? Is it not to monopolize the ad-
vertisements in this District in three instead
of in two Republican papers?
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think the gentle-
man understands the amendment. The prop-
osition to add another paper was voted down
yesterdaj'.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask whether this does not
add another paper to the two Republican pa.pers
now monopolizing the public printing in this
District?
