2700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May.iJO,
sure that the people of my State claim the
right to regulate suffrage-for themselves. I
think the people of Arkansas will have the
same right, and although I have reported this
bill from the Judiciary Committee under in-
structions just as it came from the House of
Representatives, and shall vote for the bill in
that shape if the Senate shall not strike out
the condition, yet since the Senator from Con-
necticut has moved to strike it out, I shall be
'compelled to vote for the motion, because I
regard it as a condition that cannot be enforced.
I would not have put it upon the bill; but
still, it being upon the bill, if I cannot restore
Arkansas to her relations in the Union with-
out suffering an objectionable clause to be
put upon the bill, I will take the objectionable
clause rather than lose Arkansas.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
quietly asks if I would vote for an unconstitu-
tional bill. I would not vote for an unconsti-
tutional bill that was to have a practical oper-
ation ; but I would not refuse to vote for a bill
of this kind because a provision believed by
me to be invalid was put upon it, and which J
did not believe could ever have a practical
operation, when Icould not obtain the passage
of the bill without that provision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No unconstitutional law
can have practical operation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not exactly true
that no unconstitutional law could have a prac-
tical operation. An unconstitutional law might
be of such a character as to produce great mis-
chief before it was declared unconstitutional.
The practical working of the law before it
should be so declared might work great mis-
chief. In this instance 1 do not see how it
could. I have no objection to the provision of
the Arkansas constitution on the question of
suffrage ; so far from it, I am in favor of allow-
ing those persons to vote that the constitution
of the State provides shall vote. It declares
that—
"Every male person born in the United States, and
every male person who has been naturalized, or has
legally declared his intention to become a citizen of
the United States, who is twenty-one years old or
upward, and who shall have resided in the State six
months next preceding the election, and who at the
time is an actual resident of the county in which he
offers to vote, except as hereinafter provided, shall
be deemed an elector."
The fundamental condition attached to this
bill provides against any change of the consti-
tution hereafter so as to abridge the right of
suffrage which it confers. I cannot think such
a condition lias any binding efficacy ; others
think differently, and something is certainly
due to their opinions. While I would not
vote for a bill which was clearly unconstitu-
tional, I do not feel compelled to vote against
every bill which contains, as I conceive, even
ani unconstitutional feature which can have
no practical importance, or effect in any way
the great object of the bill. The great object
to be attained by the passage of this bill is the
recognition of a State government in Arkan-
sas, and so far no one questions its constitu-
tionality or validity. The fundamental condi-
tion sought to be imposed, in my view, can
never have any operative effect, and while I
shall vote to strike it out I am unwilling to
vote against and defeat so desirable a meas-
ure, even if it remains in, because I think
there will be no practical way of enforcing it
against the people of Arkansas should they be
restored to their former relations in the Union,
and afterward think proper to change their
constitution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before the Senator
from Illinois takes his seat, I wish to call his
attention to the case as to time upon the
notice of the passage of the act of the lith of
March, 18G8. General Gillem states that he
did not receive information of that part of the
law which related to the voting of persons in
other than their proper districts until after the
election. He meant by that, of course, after
the election generally in the State. Persons
in that State received notice before the elec-
tion was concluded in the counties where the
surplus votes were taken, because in those
counties—and that is one of the decisive points
against the validity of those votes—the elec-
tion was held until the 1st of April ; they kept
on voting. The presumption is that the whole
of those surplus votes which they pretended to
put in under the act of the 11th of March
were put in without any right whatever. The
Senator seemed to think that the people had
notice and knowledge generally in the State of
Arkansas of that act. It was a notice and I
knowledge that applied to those two counties, j
because they kept their election open eighteen j
days beyond the time. I have no doubt in iny I
own mind that the whole body of those votes
were of men who had voted previously.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not intend to detain
the Senate or take up time, but I will simply
say to my honorable friend from Illinois that
I do not understand precisely the rule which
should govern us on these questions, that now
we can vote for an unconstitutional measure
and now we cannot. I do not understand that
any such rule is to govern us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The qiies.-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds,] to recommit the bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with the
instructions proposed by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] to strike
out all of the bill after the word " union" in
the fourth line.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of expressing the wish that this
proposition of the Senator liom Connecticut
shall prevail. I differ with the Senator from
Illinois about it. The provision contained in
the bill which the Senator from Connecticut
moves to strike out is a condition that the
constitution of the State of Arkansas shall
never be changed in the provision relative to
the right of suffrage. That constitution pro-
vides that every person born in the United
States, and every foreign-born person who has
been naturalized or declared his intention to
become a citizen, and has lived in the State for
six months, shall be entitled to vote. Sup-
pose it occurs in the future that a large num-
ber of foreigners shall come into the State, and
it shall become very desirable for the people
of Arkansas to take away the suffrage enjoyed
under the present constitution by unnaturalized
foreigners, is it possible that the Congress of
the United Slates will declare that that shall
not be done? Will Congress declare that the
people of Arkansas may not exclude paupers
fiom the suffrage? They are entitled to vote
under this constitution. I have had my doubts,
and 1 have my doubts now, whether unnatural-
ized foreigners, upon a mere declaration of
intention, can be entitled to vote under the Con-
stitution of the United States. However, my
own State grants that privilege, and it has been
granted in many of the western States and
some of the northern States, I believe. I have
always had my doubts about the constitution-
ality of any such provision, but perhaps it is
too late to object to it now. I cannot, how-
ever, consent to declare in this bill, or in any
other, that a State shall not be permitted to
alter or amend its constitution where I can see
very plainly that very great damage or injury
may be done by so declaring.
The Senator from Illinois says that this is
an unconstitutional provision. I do not think
that that is entirely clear. I think there are
reasons why the courts may sustain this pro-
vision, and 1 think there was a great deal m
the very able argument that the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] made yesterday, not
that any precedent will reach this case, but
that there may be something in this particular
ease, and in reference to the other States from
the South to beadmitted, which is very different
from the Missouri case and very different fiom
the Nevada and Nebraska eases.
Why is it that we cannot attach this con-
dition in reference to these revolted States?
Is there nothing in the international law on
the subject,? If the Senator from Illinois will
turn to the decision of the Supreme Court in
the prize cases (2 Black) he will see that every
member of the Supreme Court adopted the
idea that this was a territorial war, and that
all the incidents of a foreign war attached to it,
Mr. Justice Grier, delivering the opinion of the
court, uses this language:
"When the regular course of justice is interrupted
by revolt, rebellion, or insurrection, so that the
courts cannot be kept open, civil war exists, ana
hostilities may be prosecuted on the same looting
as if those opposing the Government were foreign
enemies invading the land."
Suppose this was foreign territory conquered
by us; there would be no doubt about out-
right to attach a condition of this sort unless
the Constitution steps in the way of it, unless
there is something in the idea that there is a
perfect equality of the States._ But then the
Supreme Court may say that it is not a pro-
vision inimical or hostile to the Constitution j
that it does not contravene the Constitution,
and that therefore we may constitutionally
impose it. The Senator from Illinois may be
right, but he may be wrong.
When you come to the dissenting opinion of
the minority of the court in the prize cases,
it is just as specific on this point as the de-
cision of the majority. Mr. Justice Nelson,
in his opinion, says :
"In the case of a rebellion or resistance of a por-
tion of the people of a country against the estab-
lished government, there is no doubt, if in its pro-
gress au<l enlargement the Government thus sought
to be overthrown sees fit, it may by the competent
power reeogmxe or declare the existence ot a state
of civil war, which will draw after it ail the conse-
quences and rights of war between the contending
parties as iu the case of a public war."
Does it really draw all those rights and inci-
dents? If that be the case, what are those
rights and incidents ? Vattel says :
" The objects of war are three :
" 1. To recover what belongs or is due to us.
"'I. To provide for our future safety by punishing
the aggressor or offender.
"3. To defend oursol vesor to protect ourselves from
injury by repelling unjust violence."
Mr. President suppose that the courts here-
after shall decide, after we have attached this
condition, that inasmuch as Congress has de-
clared that this is a result of the war, and that
we had to take it as security for the future,
the judgment of Congress is conclusive, then
of course the theory of the Senator from Illi-
nois would be entirely upturned. We must
remember that this is a matter for the courts
to determine, and not for us to determine after
we have once attached the condition. I am
not altogether clear that the courts will not
sustain this condition, not because they might
not say that the Nevada provision is not con-
stitutional. They might so declare and yet
declare that this fundamental condition is a
constitutional one on the ground that in this
case we have the rights of a conqueror under
international law. Our Government is cer-
tainly subject to that law, as all other civilized
nations are, and inasmuch as in that view the
provision does not contravene the Constitution
of the United States, the courts may say that
it is a valid and proper provision. If so, I am
opposed to it.
Now, Mr. President, if the proposition of the
Senator from Connecticut prevails, I desire
to offer an amendment to be incorporated into
the bill upon which I am willing to stand, and
it is a provision which I think the Senate
ought to be willing to make. I would strike
out the condition in the bill and insert one
which I propose to offer. I differ with gentle-
men when they say they would insert no pro-
vision for security. I think we ought to do so.
But what ought we to require ? Is it that every
negro in the southern States shall vote, whether
he is qualified to vote, for all time to come ? I
think not. What should we do ? We should
say that the suffrage of the negroes shall be on
i an equal term with the suffrage of the white
j men. If the white man is to be excluded for a
oertain cause, let the uegroalso be excluded for
the same causc ; let us not declare, as this pro-
I vision declares, that every uegro, because every
