1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
Whatever of wrong may have heretofore
been done in this matter ought not to be drawn
into a precedent now. It is too late now to
repeal the law oi' the Territory, as you virtually
ate asked to do, after rights have been acquired
under it. The election under that law has
taken place : the return under that law has
been made. The only question now submitted
to this House, sitting here to determine who,
ii' any one, has a prima facie right to this seat.,
is whether we shall or shall not take into our
hands the power to disregard and trample upon
a territorial law with which we have never
interfered up to this time.
Air. PA WES. Mr. Speaker, it was on my
motion that these papers were referred to the i
Committee of Elections on the day of our
meeting last month. It was my idea then that
the contest would settle the merits of this case;
and I stated to the House at the time that I
believed that course to be in accordance with
the wish of both parties.
Mr. SCHEXCK. The gentleman will ex-
cuse me a moment. I intended to add that
both the parties, when this case came up,
agreed to waive the question of prima facie
right to the seat, and to have the case referred
upon the merits to the Committee of Elections.
I speak positively on this question, because
Mr. Clever, who brought a letter of introduc-
tion to me, assented to this arrangement on
his part; and Mr. Chaves called upon me and
gave his assent to it. I know of my own per-
sonal knowledge that the arrangement made
by both these gentlemen was that there was to
be no question made about the prima facie
right to the seat, but that the contest, was to
go upon its merits to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I am obliged
to the gentleman from Ohio for insisting upon !
stating what I was about to state myself. I
was about to state—and I hope it will not de- 1
tract anything from the statement of the gentle- j
man from Ohio when I corroborate his state- j
ment—that upon my own motion these papers |
were referred to the Committee of Elections, j
my impression being that the right to the seat 1
was to be determined on the merits, and that
the committee would not be troubled with the
prima facie case. I stated to the House at
(lie time that I understood that to be in accord-
ance with the views of both claimants. In
that opinion, however, I found myself mis- i
taken : for within an hour after the reference
of these papers to the committee both parties j
applied to us to ascertain when the question '
of prima facie right was to be settled. They
understood that the reference of these papers
to the committee was for the very purpose of
settling the prima facie case ; and both of
them have followed up the committee without
interruption almost every day till this morn- ;
, ing, being desirous that the committee should |
be instructed to settle the prima facie case. ,
This morning a resolution was submitted in
this House and adopted instructing the com-
mittee to pas3 upon th a prima facie case. No
' objection on behalf of either of the claimants
has ever been made to this proceeding until
to-day the gentleman from Ohio objected after
he found that the committee had reported.
Now, Mr. Speaker, my friend from Ohio
does not seem to understand the ground upon
which the committee put this case; and he will
permit me to say i think he does not under-
stand the law bearing on the question—either
the organic law or the law of the Territory.
The committee base their report upon the
ground that both the certificate of the Gov-
ernor and the certificate of the secretary show
that Mr. Clever has the prima facie case; aud
anything beyond that relates to the merits.
Hence it is not of the slightest consequence
whether the certificate given under and by
virtue of the organic law or that given under
and by virtue of the territorial law is the true
one; for both of them dcclare just what both
the organic law and the territorial law say the
certifying officer shall declare.
Now, 1 beg the attention of my distinguished
friend from Ohio while I read the certificate
which was given tinder the organic law by the
Governor, and which my friend says was given
without authority.
1 am afraid I shall read the one Mr. Chaves
brought here two years ago. I had it in my
hand, but I will try and not make the mistake.
I will read the one presented by Mr. Clever:
Executive Office, Territory op New Mexico, :
Santa ki":. Sciitember20,1s6<. |
Sir: This certifies that under tho organic act and |
laws of the Territory of New Mexico there was held
a general election on the 2d day of September, A. '
D. 1807, tho same bein? tho tirst Monday /if said
month, within the Territory of Now Mexico, for
Delegate to the Fortieth Congress of the United
States, and th.it at said election Charley P. Clever
received n majority of tho votes cast, for said office.
Now, therefore, I, ltobert 15. Mitchell, Governor
of said Territory, do hereby declare Charles P. Clever
to have been elected at said election to said office of
Delegate to the Congress of the United States.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
r, I and affixed the great seal of tho Teiritory of
ll.s.j Jfexico the dnv and year af'u-c«fn,d.
ROUKRT B. MITCHELL.
Governor territory of Sew Mexico.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] snvs
that a subsequent law of New Mexico took
away from the Governor the power of giving
the certificate. The subsequent territoual
law provides that within thirty days after each
subsequent election the secretary of the Ter-
ritory, in the presence of the Governor, shall
proceed to count the number of votes cast in
each con nty for Delegate to Congress, and
give to the person having the highest num-
ber of votes a certificate of election under his
hand and seal with the seal of the Territory.
Now admit that is the only law for a mo-
ment.; let us see what the secretary has done.
He addresses Hon. Schuyi.er Coi.fax. of the
House of Representatives, Washington, D. C.,
as follows:
Office or the Secretary op tiieTerritory,
Santa Fe, New Mexico, October 1,1507.
Sir : At an election held in this Territory on the
3d day of September, A. D. 18t!7, (or a Delegate to
the Fortieth Congress, there were cast, as returnod,
17,68o votes, as follows: .
For J. Francisco C'haves, 8,794; for Charles P. Cle-
ver, 8,891; such returns consequently showing said
Clever to have 97 majority.
That is signed by the secretary of the Terri-
tory and attested by the great seal. That is all
the law authorizes him to do. That is all he
had any authority to do. He had no more
authority to do more than any baby in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico. But, sir, immediately
afterward he states it as his opinion that some
of these were fraudulent votes. That may be
true. I do not pretend to have the slightest
opinion on that subject. We were only in-
structed to say who had the prima facie case
without prejudice to the merits of the case.
Taking what I have read, this man has fulfilled
his functions under that law; but when he ex-
presses his private opinion about some of the
votes he trenches upon the merits of the case
! which is for the decision of this House. To
| have reported with reference to them would
have been to have reported contrary to the res-
olution of the House.
Now, let me tell my friend from Ohio that
the law to which he has referred requires just,
such a certificate as Mr. Clever has offered,
and not such a paper as was sent to the Speaker
of this House. The Territory of New Mexico
has construed the organic act of that Territory
from the hour of its going into force up to the
present time just as the Committee of Elec-
tions have construed it; and for the first time
my friend from Ohio has put a different con-
i struction upon the law passed in 18.31—the law
passed after the organization of the Territory.
1 From that day to this every person who has
, come here from that Territory with a prima
I facie case has come with precisely such a
I certificate as that Mr. Clever has offered. Mr.
I Chaves offered such a certificate. I have it
now before me. It is a certificate from the
Governor and the secretary of the Territory,
attested precisely as that presented now by Mr.
Clever. Mr. Perea, his predecessor, presented
a like certificate. They are all precisely in the
same words: and it was not until this certifi-
cate was given by the secretary that this con-
struction was ever advanced.
If you will recur to the law of the Territory
you will find there is no ground for putting this
construction upon it. If there be any conflict
between the organic act of the Territory and
an act of the Territory there can be no doubt
in the mind of any man that this act of the
Territory must yield to the organic act. It
stands to that Territory like the constitution
of a State. I agree the organic act provided
that at the first election the Governor should
prescribe the time, places, and manner of hold-
ing an election for a Delegate to Congress,
and that after that it was left to the Legislative
Assembly to prescribe the time, places, and
manner of holding elections. Thereupon the
Territory did prescribe the time, places, and
manner of holding the election ; but the or-
ganic act, independent of all that, has pre-
scribed the mode of conducting it and certify-
ing the votes; and in pursuance of that this
has been the uniform custom in that Territory
from the day of its organization to this hour.
Let me read:
"The first election shall be held at Buch time and
place and be conducted in such way as the Governor
shall appoint and direct; and at all subsequent elec-
tions the time, places, and manner of holding the
election shall be prescribed by law."
Now, what else? Why, that "person having
the greatest number of votes shall be declared
by the Governor to be duly elected, and a cer-
tificate thereof shall be given accordingly."
That is the organic act, to which any laws of the
Territory which conflict with it must yield, and
henco 1 have not felt it necessary for me to
argue tha question whether there is any such
conflict.
It is the Governor who is to declare who has
got the greatest number of votes and give a
certificate accordingly, and so everybody in
New Mexico until this hour has supposed, for
every Delegate has come up here with such a
certificate. Whether this certificate was issued
rightly or wrongly I do not care at this time to
discuss, because I am instructed by the House
not to prejudice the merits of this case by the
decision I may come to upon these two papers.
This seems to be the old effort over again in
the House to first instruct the committee to
look into the prima facie case and then under-
take to compel them, in reporting upon that,
to look into the merits. Now, one of two things
I ask the House to do as long as I am a mem-
ber of the Committee of Elections—and 1 pray
God it may not be for very much longer—1 beg
them either never again to instruct the com-
mittee to look into the prima facie case with-
out prejudice to the merits, or else when they
have done that do not force the committee into
the merits.
I think the case is fully understood ; and I
now call the previous question.
Mr. MYERS. I desire, with the gentleman's
permission, to hear the certificate of the Secre-
tary of the Territory read.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the previous
question and ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office Secretary of the Territory,
Santa Fe, New Mexico, October 1,1807.
Sir: At an election held in this Territory on the
I 3d day of September, A. I). 1867, for a Delegate to t he
i Fortieth Congress, there were east, as returned, ii ,bbo
• votes, as follows: _ , , „
i For J. Francisco Chaves, 8,i94; for Charles P. Cle-
i ver, 8,891, such returns consequently snowing said
, Clever to have 97 majority. .
i But it is believed that J. Francisco Chaves was
1 legally elected, and for the following reasons:
; Fraud in the precinct of Santa Clara, in the county
* of Mora, of 209 votes—the same precinct at its lirst
' election last spring casting but about 40 votes. ^
1 Fraud in the La Junta or Fort Union precinct,
where the polls were carried too near the Govern-
ment military reservation of Fort Union, and where
the men in the quartermaster's department and
teamsters voted, irrespective ot citizeoship or con-
formity to tho laws ot tbis Territory. This precinct
polled, as returned, 043 votes, of which OiS were for
C. P. Clever, and 5 lor J. Francisco Chaves. In tho
first prccrnct named the return shows 1!)0 for C. P.
Clever, and 19 lor J. Francisco Chaves. «
For fraud in the sixteenth precinct of the .county
of Rio Arriba, where, as the evidence shows, that but
85 vtites were polled in all, 404 votes are returned as
having been east, 402 of which are returned as for
C. P. Clever, andl2for J. Francisco Chaves.
