1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
1677
the affirmative. We all see in reading it now
that it was rejected on good grounds. • It would
obviously be improper to confer upon the other
branch of Congress the power, by its own vote,
to bring about a suspension of the Chief Magis-
trate. But it did not follow, because the con-
vention rejected the proposition that a suspen-
sion could take place on a simple vote of the
House of Representatives, that, therefore, the
President could not be suspended. When the
Senate was declared to have the sole power to try
impeachments it was by necessary implication
invested with the power, incident to every
court, and known historically to belong to the
English court of impeachment, from which ours
was borrowed, of suspending the party accused.
All this was apparent at the time, if possible,
more clearly than now. It was so clear that
it furnishes an all-sufficient reason for the
provision that the Chief Justice should pre-
side on the trial of the President, without re-
sorting to the later reason which has been put
forward in this debate.
But we are not driven to speculate on this
question. While the Constitution was under
discussion in the Virginia convention George
Mason objected to some of the powers con-
ferred upon the President, especially the par-
doning power. This was on June 18, 1788,
and will be found under that date in the reports
of the Virginia convention. This earnest op-
ponent of the Constitution said that the Presi-
dent might "pardon crimes which were advised
by himself," and thus further his own ambi-
tious schemes. This brought forward Mr.
Madison, who had sat, as we all know, through-
out the debates of the national convention,
and had recorded its proceedings, and who,
of all persons, was the most competent to tes-
tify at that time as to the intention of the
framers. What said this eminent authority ? I
give you his words :
"There is one security in this case to which gentle-
men may not have adverted. If the President be
connected in any suspicious manner with any per-
son, and there be grounds to believe he will shelter
him, the House of Representatives can impeach hiin:
they"—
Evidently referring to the Senate, or the
Senate in connection with the House—
" can remove him if found guilty; they can suspend
him, when suspected, and the power will devolve upon
the Vioo President."
Mark well these words: "they can suspend
him when suspected." If only suspected the
President can be suspended. What next?
"And his power will devolve upon the Vice
President.;" in which event, of course, the
Vice President would be occupied elsewhere
than in this Chamber.
Those were, the words of James Madison,
spoken in debate in the Virginia convention.
Taken in connection with the earlier passage
in the national Convention, they seem to leave
little doubt with regard to the intention of the
framers of the Constitution. They were un-
willing to give to the other House alone the
power of suspension, but they saw that when
they authorized the Senate to try impeach-
ments, they gave to it the power of suspension,
if it should choose to exercise it; and the sus-
pension of the President necessarily involved
the withdrawal of the Vice President from this
Chamber, and the duty of supplying his place.
I submit, then, on the contemporary testi-
mony that the special reason why the Chief
Justice is called to preside when the President
is on trial, is less what learned Senators have
assigned than because the Vice President un-
der certain circumstances would not be able to
be present. It was to provide for such a con-
tingency, being nothing less than his necessary
absence in the discharge of the high duties of
Chief Magistrate that a substitute was neces-
sary, and he was found in the Chief Justice.
All this was reasonable. It would have been
unreasonable not to make such a provision.
But this is not all. There is an incident
immediately after the adoption of the Consti-
tution which is in harmony with this authentic
history. The House of Representatives at an
oarly day acted on the interpretation of the
Constitution given by Mr. Madison. The first
impeachment, as we all know, was of William
Blount, a Senator, and in impeaching him the
House of Representatives demanded " that he
should be sequestered from his seat in the Sen-
ate." This was in 1797. The Senate did not
comply with this demand, but the demand
nevertheless exists in the history of your Gov-
ernment, and it illustrates the interpretation
which was given at that time to the powers of
the Senate. The language employed that the
person impeached should be "sequestered"
is the traditional language of the British Con-
stitution, constantly used, and familiar to our
fathers. In employing it, the House of Rep-
resentatives gave their early testimony that
the Senate could suspend from his functions
any person impeached before them ; and thus
the House of Representatives unite with Mad-
ison in supplying a sufficient reason for the
provision that on the trial of the President the
Chief Justice shall preside.
In abandoning the reason which I have thus
traced to contemporary authority, you launch
upon an uncertain sea. You may think the
reason assigned by the commentators to be sat-
isfactory. It may please your taste ; but it
cannot be accepted as an authentic statement.
If the original propositions were before me I
should listen to any such suggestion with the
greatest respect. I do not mean to say now
that, as a general rule, it has not much in its
favor. But I insist that, so far as we are in-
formed, the reason- of the commentators was
an afterthought, and that there was another
reason which sufficiently explains the rule now
under consideration.
I respectfully submit, sir, that you cannot
proceed in the interpretation of this text upon
the theory adopted by the learned Senators
over the way. You must take the text as it
is; you cannot go behind it; you cannot ex-
tend it. Here it is: " When the President of
the United States is tried the Chief Justice
shall preside." That is the whole, sir. "The
Chief Justice shall preside." No reason is
assigned. Can you assign a reason ? Can you
supply a reason V Especially can you supply
one which is not sustained by the authentic
contemporary history of the Constitution ; and
particularly when you have authentic contem-
porary history which supplies another reason.
Unless 1 am much mistaken this disposes of
the objections, proceeding from so many Sena-
tors, that the Senator from Ohio cannot take
the oath because he may possibly succeed to
the President now impeached at your bar. He
may vote or not as he pleases, and there is no
authority in the Constitution or any of its con-
temporary expounders to criticise him.
This is all, sir, I have to say at this time on
this head. There were other remarks made by
Senators over the way to which I might reply.
There was one that fell from my learned friend,
the Senator from Maryland, in which he alluded
to myself. He represented me as having cited
many authorities irom the House of Lords tend-
ing to show in the case of Mr. Stockton that
this person at the time was not entitled to vote
on the question of his seat. The Senator does
not remember that debate, I think, as well as I
do. The point which I tried to present to the
Senate, and which, I believe, was affirmed by
a vote of the body, was simply this : that a man
cannot sit as a judge in his own case. That
was all; at least so far as I recollect, and I sub-
mitted that Mr. Stockton at that time was a
judge undertaking to sit in his own case.
Pray, sir, what is the pertinency of this cita-
tion ? Is it applicable at all to the Senator from
Ohio? Is his ease under consideration? Is
he impeached at the bar ol' the Senate? Is
he in any way called in question? Is he to
answer for himself? Not at all. How, then,
does the principle of law, that no man shall
sit as a judge in his own case, apply to him?
How does the action of the Senate in the case of
Mr. Stockton apply to him ? Not at all. The
two cases are as wide as the poles asunder.
One has nothing to do with the other;
Something has been said of the "interest"
of the Senator from Ohio on the present occa-
sion. " Interest 1" This is the word used.
We are reminded that in a certain event the
Senator may become President, and that, on
this account, he is under peculiar temptations
which may swerve him from justice. The Sen?
ator from Maryland went so far as to remind
us of the large salary to which he might suc-
ceed, not less than $25,000 a year, and thus
added a pecuniary temptation to the other dis-
turbing forces. Is not all this very technical?
Does it not forget the character of this great
proceeding ? Sir, we are a Senate and not a
court of nisi prius. This is not a case of as-
sault and battery, but a trial involving the des-
tinies of this Republic. I doubt if the ques-
tion of " interest" is properly raised. I speak
with all respect for others; but I submit that
it is inapplicable. It does not belong here.
Every Senator has his vote to be given on
his conscience. If there be any "interest"
to sway him it must be that of justice, and the
safety of the country. Agaiust these all else
is nothing. The Senator from Ohio, whoso
vote is now in question can see nothing but
those transcendent interests by the side of
which office, power, and money are of small
account. Put in one scale these interests so
dear to the heart of the patriot., and in the
other all the personal temptations which have
been imagined, and I cannot doubt that if the
Senator from Ohio holds these scales the latter
will kick the beam.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that this ques-
tion lie on the table, as we cannot take a vote
until all the members are sworn. 1 cannot
make that motion, because no motion can be
acted upon, as we are partly sworn and partly
not. I think by unanimous consent, and by
the consent of the Senator from Indiana, his
proposition may lie on the table until the oath
be administered to the remaining Senators.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will indulge
me in a remark, as this is the first time I have
felt called upon to make one on this occasion,
it seems to me he has presented the most con-
clusive argument, if he is right, against the
objection that is taken here. An objection is
taken which the Senator says we cannot vote
upon, and his proposition is that we ignore it,
go around it, lay it on the table. Suppose we
do not choose to go around it; then this pro-
ceeding stops, if the objection isjvell taken.
It seems to me it cannot be well Taken unless
here is a tribunal which can pass upon it, and
pass upon it now, dispose of it in some way.
It seems to me the objection cannot be well
taken if we are obliged to run away from it,
because, whether we be a court or a Senate
within the meaning of the Constitutj<%) both
are dissipated necessarily by the raising of a
single objection to administering an oath to a
single member.
One word further, as I am up. It seems to
me that this would not be a difficult question
to determine, and by this very tribunal, if we
were willing to read what is written and abide
by it, for it is written that "the Senate of the
United States shall be composed of two Sen-
ators from each State." That is written, and
it is elsewhere written that Ohio is a State;
and nowhere is anything written to the con-
trary ; and if Ohio is a State and this—the Con-
stitution—is law, Ohio is entitled to two Sen-
ators on this tloor at this time. It is also
written that, "the Senate," composed in this
way, "shall have the sole power to try all im-
peachments." The Senate shall have the sole
power to try all impeachments—nobody else—
and I cannot understand why that is not the
end of the law. If there were elsewhere in this
instrument any qualification or modification of
either of those provisions then we should be
bound to attend to them; but if there is none
I do not see why this is not the end of the law.
Whatever maybe the impropriety or indelicacy
of the Senator from Ohio, whose right to take
the oath is now questioned, acting here—gen-
tlemen are at liberty to entertain their own
opinions upon that point—'the law of the case
is here: he is a Senator; he is a member of the
