1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2tat:
negro in Arkansas is entitled to vote under this
constitution, shall vote for all time to come.
But put him upon terms of equality with the
white man; that is going far enough ; and let
both white and black be excluded from tlie
polls for the same reason, as, for example, for
want of sufficient intelligence to vote or for
pauperism. Having stricken out the conditions
m the bill, I would insert a proposition of this
character:
Upon the fundamental condition that said State,
in fixing the qualifications of electors therein, shall
not be authoiized to discriminate asainst any per-
son on account of race, color, or previous condition;
and also upon the further condition that 110 person
on account ot race or color shall be excluded from
the benefit ot education or be deprived of an equal
share of the moneys or other lands created or u^ed
by public authority to promote education in said
State.
Without the second condition of course they
could exclude the negroes from any of the ben-
efits of education, and thereby lay a foundation
and produce a reason for excluding them from
the suffrage j but if both are adopted, of course
they are put upon an equality with the whites,
in reference not only to education, but in ref-
erence to the suffrage. My experience teaches
me, on this subject, that this provision would
be exactly right. I do not say that they shall
hold office; 1 do not give them the same polit-
ical rights, nor the same civil rights; I simply
say that they shall be entitled to the suffrage
on equal terms with white men.
Suppose that this provision be unconstitu-
tional; suppose it be one that the courts will
not uphold and sustain, then, of course, we
have done no harm; but if the courts will
uphold a provision ot this character, they had
better uphold my provision than one which
prevents the State in all time to come from
altering its regulation of the suffrage, which, in
my judgment, would be an outrageous propo-
sition. There may be various reasons whj the
suffrage regulations of the Stale should be
amended in the future. If the motion of the
Senator from Connecticut shall carry, I desire
to offer this proposition, and 1 think it is just.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20T nays 21; as iollows:
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,Conk-
ling. Oorbett, Doolittie, l)rake, Kerry, Fesscnden,
Freliughuysen,*Henderson, Hendricks, McUrecry,
PaUei&on of JN'ew Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Willey, and
Williams—1:0.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Cragin,
Edmunds, Hurlun, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Monillof Vennont, Pouieroy, llamsey, Ross, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Wade,
Wilson, and Yates—21.
ABSENT—Mcv'rs. (Jattell, Conness, Davis, Dixon,
Fowler, Grimes, liowaid, Johnson, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Saulsbury, and Tipton—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I now offer the substitute
for the bill which I laid 011 the table the other
day.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. Tkeamend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
Strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause
«*nd insert:
That upon the fundamental condition hereinafter
expressed, tho State of Aikansas,under andwith the
constitution thereof adopted in the year 1868, shall
be entitled to be admitted to lepresentation in Con-
gress as one of the States of the Union, as soon as
the amendment of the Constitution of the United
States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
known as article fourteen, shall have become a'part
of that constitution : Provided, That the Legislature
of said State shall have first passed an act agreeing,
on behalf ot said State, to the following fundamental
condition of such admission, to wit: that there
tfhfili never be in said State any denial or abridg-
ment of the elective franchise, or of any other right
to any person by reason or on account of race or
color, excepting Indians not taxed; and that any
such derlfal or abridgment shall authorize the ex-
clusion, while it continues, of said State from repre-
sentation in either House of Congress.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator ex-
cuse me a moment ? I notice that the Senator
trom Missouri will address the Senate probably
at some length on this amendment. It is now
late, nearly five o'clock. I do not think we
can finish this bill to-night, and I do not know
that it is particularly desirable to do so when
there is no other business pressing. I will there-
fore, with his permission, move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. DRAKE. I have no objection to giving
way to the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. I want to hear the Sen-
ator when I am fresh. I wish to listen to him.
We can finish the bill on Monday.
Mr. DRAKE. I give way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not
adjourn. We must some time or other finish
this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HENDERSON. I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Maine. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill. My colleague has offered a
substitute for the entire bill. I now desire to
offer an amendment to the original bill, so as to
perfect it, which is certainly in order ; and if
the proposition to adjourn is carried, I shall
not get it in. I desire to be permitted to offer
it for the time being, and then the Senate may
adjourn or not.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us order that to be
printed.
ThoPRESIDENT_pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. HENDERSON. I submit it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
received and ordered to be printed. It is
moved that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SPRAG UE. On that 1 ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Buck.aiew, Cattell, Conk-
luiff, Ciagin, Doolittie, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fow-
ler, Frclinghuysen, Henderson, Hendricks, Ilowo,
McCieery, Morgan, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Sumner, Yickers, and
Yates—21.
N AY S—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Col e,
Conness, Corbett, Drake, Harlan, Alon ill of Maine,
Morrill ot Vermont, Pouieroy, ltanisey, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull. Van Winkle,
Wilde, Willey, Williams, a.nd Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messis. Dj.vis, Oi^on, Ferry, Grimes,
Howard, Johnson, Morton, Norton, Nye, Saulsbury,
and Tipton—11.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri has the lloor.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I confess that
I feel an exceeding embarrassment about un-
dertaking to address the Senate at this time
after the Senator from Maine has informed the
Senate that I have gota long speech to deliver.
I had some views to express in connection
with this amendment, which, in order that I
might occupy the time of the Senate just as
little as possible in the expression of them,
and condense them as far as possible. 1 have
put down on paper, and it will not take any
great while for me to express those views to
the Senate. A great deal of debate has been
had. Other Senators have made speeches one
and two hours long. 1 have sat and listened
to them with a great deal of interest, a great
deal ol'attention. I 4o not wish to proceed now,
sir, if the Senate does not wish to hear me.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If _tlie Senator will
allow me I will move to adjourn. I think it
is doubtful if the Senate will listen with that
degree of attention which the Senator from
Missouri ought to have, it is so late.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose it is not worth
while to put the question of adjournment, or
for me to yield the floor to put the question of
adjournment again; but as I am not accus-
tomed to make very long speeches here, nor,
in comparison with others, a great many of
them, 1 would rather, when I have matured
anything that I think worth saying in the Sen-
ate, that I should have the opportunity of say-
ing it, and unless there is some decisive mani-
festation of impatience on the part of the Sen-
ate I will proceed to say what I have prepared
to say on this occasion.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I feel
very impatient myself, and, with the consent
of my colleague, 1 will move an adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator give way for that motion?
- Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir ; I give way again
for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator indulge the Chair to lay before the
Senate bills of the House?
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall have the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn before
any other business is done. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bills can be laid before
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate certain bills of the
House.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions
received from the House of Representatives
were severally read twice by their titles and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia:
A bill (II. R. No. 425) for the relief of Mary
A. Filler;
A'bill (II. R. No. 553) for the relief of A.
W. Ballard ;
A bill (II. R. No. 938) to authorize the sale
of twenty acres of land in the military reser-
vation at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas;
A bill (H. R. No. 1128) for the relief of
18 A°biUd(H.' R. No. 1129) for the relief of the
widow and children of Colonel James A. Mul-
ligan, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1130) for the relief of H.
G. Auken, late captain fourth Iowa infantry ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1070) for the relief of O.
P. Slnras ;
A bill (11. R. No. 1081) for the relief of John
A. Neustaedter;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 25G) for the
reliel of Martha E. King;
A joint resolution (11. R. No. 280) for the
reliel of Miss Ella E. Hobart; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 281) author-
izing the issue of clothing to company F, eight-
eenth regiment United States infantry.
The PliESIDEN I'pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate do now adjourn,
upon which motion the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
from Missouri [Mi. Drake] informs me that
he does not now wish to go on this evening.
Therefore, I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
take the question by yeas and nays. We shall
never pass the bill in the Senate without a night
session.
Mr. CONKLINO. Is that motion debatable?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
debatable. The yeas and nays must be taken
unless the Senate will consent that the call Vie
withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to the call being
withdrawn.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew,Cameron,Conk-
ling, Conness, Uragm, Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fowler, Freltnghuysen, Henderson, Hendricks, Mc-
Creery, Morgan, Moiriil of Maine, Patterson oi -New
Hanipshiie, Patteisun of Tennessee, Ross, btimner,
Van Winkle, Yiekeis, and Yates—23.
HAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Corbett, Morrill ot Vermont, Pomeroy, Karnsey,
Sherman, Sprasue, Stewart, Thayer, Iruinbuli,
Wade, Willey. Williams, and Wilson li.
ABSENT-Messrs. Davis, Hixon.lJoolutle Ferry,
Grimes, ltarlan, Howard, Howe. Johnson, Morton,
Xorton, Nye, Saulsbury, and Tipton 14.
So the motion was aj
adjourned.
to; and the Senate
