1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8725
Mr. BLAINE. It does not.
Mr. PHELPS. What is it, then?
Mr. BLAINE. I understand the proposition
to add a third paper was voted down by the
House. Now the Committee on Appropriations
recommend a non-concurrence in the two hun-
dred and twenty-fifth amendment, because it
leaves to the heads of Departments to say
whether they will give out any advertisements
or not. If you pass that you might as well say
it shall not give out any, for they will give none
to the Republican papers here. The amend-
ment of the committee provides all advertise-
ments not proper to be published in the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall not be published here,
but that all legitimate advertisements shall be
given to the two papers authorized by law. That
is the whole of it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred ill.
Two hundred and twenty-sixth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the SOtli day of June, 1868, the annual salaries
of the Comptrollers of the Treasury and the Com-
missioner of Customs shall be St,500 each; of the
Solicitor, the Auditors, the Register, and the super-
vising architect of the Treasury, the Commissioner
ot theLand Office,andtheCommissionerol Pensions,
§4,000 each, and the additional amount necessary to
pay tho increase of salaries provided for by this sec-
tion be, and the samo is hereby, appropriated out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
ill-. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman
whether the committee designs to refuse this
increase of salary to the First Comptroller of
the Treasury?
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee have no desire on the subject. They
recommend non-concurrence so the matter can
go to the committee of conference aud the
meritorious cases provided for.
Mr. GARFIELD. All I wish to say is this,
and the gentleman will certainly agree with
me: there is 110 officer receiving the same
amount of pay in the whole Government of
the United States so valuable as the gentle-
man who is now the First Comptroller of the
'Treasury, who, I believe, saves to the Govern-
ment more than any other man in it. He is
receiving now a salary entirely insufficient for
a man of his ability and the importance of
the place he holds. It was fixed at the found-
ation of the Government, and if any man can
show me any officer of the United States Gov-
ernment whose services are worth more than
the services of Robert W. Taylor, in his present
position, I shall be surprised. I do not say
all these salaries ought to stand as fixed in the
Senate bill, but I should be unwilling to give
any vote that would refuse this proposed in-
crease to the First, Comptroller of the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Ohio cannot say anything in the
way of compliment of the First Comptroller of
the 'Treasury to which I will not agree. If
this is non-ctencurred in, and goes to the com-
mittee of conference, they will give it due con-
sideration.
Mr. GARFIELD. With that expression of
his kindly disposition, I will not trench fur-
ther upon the time of the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to say if the salaries
of any of these gentlemen as heads of bureaus
are increased I want that of the Commissioner
of Agriculture increased also.
Mr. GARFIELD. I only speak of that one
that I particularly know about.
Mr. PIKE. 1 hope you will not commit the
absurdity of raising the salaries of subordinates
and having that of the Assistant^ Secretary of
the Treasury to remain where it is.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ccllom] asked if the First Comptroller
of the Treasury was from the district of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] and he
answered that he was. Now, though he is not,
however, from my district or from my State,
I happen to know that the salary of the First
Comptroller is to-day what it was established
in gold at the foundation of the Government,
namely, $3,500. The Treasurer of the United
States receives, I believe, something like eight
thousand dollars, and the Comptroller of the
Currency about six thousand dollars. Many
officers of the United States receive very much
higher salaries than this officer whose services
are worth more to the Government than any
one officer in the Treasury Department except
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. PIKE. Why any more than those of
the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. PAINE. It is not possible for me to
stop to answer that, but for any man who
understands the duties of the Comptroller, who
knows that he is, as it were, an independent
officer of this Government, to ask me why his
services are more important than those of the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury seems to
me very strange. Now, 1 trust Congress will
not adjourn without giving this officer a salary
which will enable him to continue in office,
for I know his present salary renders it utterly
impossible for him to remain there.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was non-concurred in.
Two hundred and twenty-seventh amend-
ment :
Insert the following as an additional section;
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That each night
watchman at tho Treasury Department shall, from
the 1st day of July, 1803, leceive a compensation of
$900 per annum, and an amount sufficient.T.o paysaid
increased compensation for the liscal year ending
June 30,18B9, is hereby appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Two hundred and twenty-eighth and last
amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section :
Sec.—. And be -it further enacted. That no statuary,
paintings, or other articles, the property of private
individuals, shall hereafter be allowed to bo exhib-
ited in the ltotunda orany other portion of the Capi-
tol building.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does the committee pro-
pose to allow no article of private property in
the Rotunda? For instance, a gentleman with
a cane in his hand?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no;
it.says "to be exhibited."
Mr. GARFIELD. I think the language is
too broad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope to
satisfy gentlemen on this subject by adding the
following as an amendment:
And it shall be the duty of the superintendent in
charge of the public buildings to icmuvc all such
statues, paintings, and other articles, being the prop-
erty of private individuals now in the Capitol.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not exactly agree
with this amendment of the Senate in the
shape in which it stands. I think another lim-
itation to it would make it right. I do not
believe we ought to reject everything simply
because it is individual property. There may
be articles of individual property that we would
desire or be perfectly willing to have exhibited
there. The restriction I suggest would be to
reject everything that is put there as an adver-
tisement or in the nature of an advertisement.
Mr. BLATNE. How could you tell ?_
Mr. MAYNARD. Those who administer
the law must have some judgment.
Mr. BLAINE. I suppose the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, General Michler, has just
as good taste as anybody, but everybody comes
there with pictures that they want to exhibit,
and the place looks like an old second-hand
picture shop. Now, if you do not put it down
absolutely, by a prohibition, you will always
have the place cluttered up with unseemly
articles. We do not want anything of the sort
on exhibition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I agree with the gentle-
man entirely. We have the place cluttered up
with objects put there as specimens of some
trade, calling, or pursuit, making it an adver-
tising shop. But there may be a work of art,
picture, or statue that is private property, to be
sure, but which the public would desire to see.
Mr. BLAINE. If it is proper to be exhib-
ited in the Capitol it is proper for the Gov-
ernment to secure it, and the Government can
buy it.
Tho amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate by inserting after the
word "exhibited," inline three, the words"as
an advertisement or as a specimen of art or
skill."
Mr. BLAINE. I hope we shall not adopt
that.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by inserl ing after the words
"allowed to be exhibited," the words " or
made;'" so that it will read:
That no statuary, paintings, or other articles, the
property of'private individuals, shall hereafter bo
allowed to bo exhibited or made in the Kotundaor
any other portion of the Capitol building, See.
I offer that amendment for this purpose. I
understand that there is an individual employed
in making statuary in some of the rooms of
this Capitol, who, during the war, went to
South Carolina and tendered his services to
the rebels to aid in casting bronze cannon. I
understand that he occupies some rooms down
here in the Capitol, and has them free of rent,
and is employed on work that is exhibited in
the Capitol. My amendment is intended to
reach him.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let it say
so then.
Mr. KELSEY. That is precisely what I
mean.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then
name him.
Mr. KELSEY. I used this language because
it is the shortest way in which 1 could reach
the object at which I aimed, and 1 have en-
deavored to state that object so that nobody
can misunderstand what 1 mean by it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will name the person I think I will
go with him ; but it seems to me to be a con-
tinuation of an attack which I mean to comment
a little upon hereafter upon another person
whose work is nearly finished.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman that I am aiming at no other person.
I have named the person that I strike at, and I
have used this language because I suppose it is
more appropriate language to use in a bill than
to name an individual.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman putin the name? I believe it is
Clark Mills. Let him insert the name of Clark
Mills.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope we shall not put this
in. The amendment of the Senate is well
enough as it stands.
The question was taken on Mr. Kelsf.t's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the amendments of the Senate be laid
aside, to be reported to the House, and that
tho deficiency bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The committee accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1341)
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 18G8, and for other purposes.
By unanimous consent the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read it by paragraphs for amend-
ment. . ,
Mr. BLAINE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to which there will be no objection, to
come in at the end of line twenty:
A sufficient sum is hereby appropriated to pay the
official reporters of the Globe m each House the
amounts which the Comptroller of th© Treasury may
