1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1X1
40th Gong. ... 2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Orth.
Ho. op Beps.
attempt to authorize the creation of an irre-
sponsible ofiicer ad interim, to continue with-
out limit, you cannot believe that the statute
was ever intended to cover a case like the one
now under consideration. It was never in-
tended to exclude the Senate from a super-
vising care over Executive appointments. It
was never intended to authorize the President
to remove officers and make appointments with-
out the advice of that body during its session.
But, suppose you assume that by the act of
179-5, the President was authorized to_ make
the order in question, then the answer is, that
act is repealed. Was it constitutional to enact
a statute giving the power to appoint and reg-
ulating the power of appointment? Then it is
equally constitutional to repeal such statute
and to make other regulations touching ap-
pointments. Was it competent to provide by
law that the President might appoint a tempo-
rary ofiicer or an officer ad interim ? Then it
was equally competent to declare that no such
officer should be appointed. Is the tenure-of-
office bill unconstitutional because it assumes
to interfere with the appointing power? Then
the law of 1795 was void for the same reason.
Let it be borne it mind that I am not now
discussing the power of removal; I am consid-
ering the power of appointment without the
advice and consent of the Senate when in
session.
The first section of an act entitled "An act
regulating the term of certain civil officers,"
approved March 2, 1867, provides—
" That every person holding any civil office to which
he lias been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster
General, and the Attorney General shall hold their
offices respectively for and during the term of the
President by whom they may have been appointed,
and for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
The sixth section of the same act declares:
"That the removal, appointment, or employment
made, had, or exercised contrary to the provisionsof
this act, and the making, signing, sealing, counter-
signing, or issuing of any commission or letter of
authority for or in respect to any such appointment
or employment, shall be deemed, and are hereby de-
clared to be high misdemeanors, and upon trial and
conviction thereof every person guilty thereot shall
be punished by a fine not exceeding ten thousand
dollars, or by imprisonment not, exceed i ng five years,
or both said punishments, in the discretion of the
court: Provided. ThatthePresidentshallhavepower
to make out and deliver, after the adjournment of
thoScnate.cominissionsfora.il officers whose appoint-
ment shall have been advised and consented to by
the Senate."
Does the law of 1790 authorize the appoint-
ment by llie President of "a person or persons"
in case of vacancy during the session of the
Senate? Then the act of 18G7 repeals it and
makes the appointment or employment of any
such "person or persons" a high crime and
misdemeanor. It is clear, then, that the order
of the President of the United States, whereby
he undertakes to remove the Secretary of War
and to appoint an officer ad interim to fill the
assumed vacancy, was unconstitutional, illegal,
and void.
Hence we are led to inquire, was this act of
the President corrupt and criminal? This ques-
tion is important, because I frankly admit that
a violation of the law by the President would
not, of necessity, be ground for impeachment.
If under any great, pressing, public necessity
the President should go beyond the strict letter
of the law by mistake or even with knowledge
whilst acting in good faith with the view to
avert national danger, for such act he would
not necessarily be impeachable.
But was there in this case any such urgent
necessity ? Was Mr. Stanton incapable of dis-
charging the duties of his office? Was there
any malfeasance in office? Was there any va-
cancy to be filled? Was the Secretary of War
a dangerous man ? The Senate had just de-
40tii Cong. 2d Se^.- -No. 12,
clared that he was not; and .had recently
disapproved of his suspension. The Senate
was in session, and a nomination could have
been made and confirmed, if need be, in thirty
minutes. Unfortunately for the honor of the
President, we have conclusive evidence that
he was not trying to obey the law, but, on the
contrary, he was seeking to evade—nay to
violate it. His correspondence with General
Grant is before the House and before the coun-
try. This correspondence shows that he knew
that the removal of Mr. Stanton was contrary
to the wishes of the Senate, contrary to the
will of the loyal people of the country. He
knew that among all the distinguished men
who rendered valuable services to the country
during the civil war, no one was more firmly
seated in the affections of the people than the
Secretary of War.
He had conceived the intention of over-
throwing the liberties of his country, and that
man who had, with so much ability and fidel-
ity, resisted the rebel hordes, was in his way.
He must have some pliant tool in the Depart-
ment of War through whom he could issue
secret orders to the Army. In the recess of
the Senate he suspended the Secretary, and
on the reassembling of that body, under color
of a pretended compliance with the tenure of-
office bill, be communicated his flimsy rea-
sons for the suspension, which were not ap-
proved. He was not disappointed by the
decision. He knew they would not be ap-
proved. He knew that, his reasons were
invalid and malicious. It was a mere trick
to get Mr. Stanton out of office under color
of law, and then to keep him out by force.
Hence, anticipating the decision of the Sen-
ate, he attempts to draw General Grant into
a conspiracy to violate the law; but that sturdy
soldier had dealt with rebels and traitors be-
fore, and he could not be induecd to do an
improper act even by the desire of the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and the Navy.
In this transaction the conduct of the Presi-
dent was not simply illegal; it was intriguing,
corrupt, criminal, and an outrage upon all the
patriotic sentiment of the country.
I regard the issuing of the order in question
as a high crime and misdemeanor in office, for
which Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, should be impeached and removed
from his high office; yet, in candor, I must say
that I do not regard this as the greatest of his
offenses. True, I have twice voted against
impeachment; but not because I had any doubt
that he was an enemy of his country or that
he was an insidious usurper. For two years
I have been satisfied that he richly deserved
impeachment; but until this last act the evi-
dence did not seem to be of that direct, perti-
nent character, pointing to a distinct, criminal
act which would appear to be necessary for the
arraignment and trial of the President of the
United States.
On the 22d day of February, 18CG, his real
character and designs became obvious; never-
theless, he attempted, in a certain degree, to
mask them under professions of regard for the
Constitution and laws; yet he has practically
set at defiance the laws of Congress and re-
sisted the restoration of the rebel States.
While professing to execute the reconstruc-
tion laws he has been plotting to obstruct
them. Whenever he has found a district
commander disposed to execute the laws in
good faith he has removed him. He has re-
moved loyal civil officers and put rebels m
their places. For the greater portion ot the
thousands of murders that have been perpe-
trated in the rebel States during the last two
years he is responsible. He has denounced
the law-making branch of the Government as
an unconstitutional body. His entire admin-
istration has been characterized by tyranny,
corruption, disregard of the Constitution and
laws, and a revolutionary spirit; and lately
lie has been attempting to tamper with the
Army. His attempts upon Grant, Sherman,
Thomas, and others show but too plainly his
ulterior designs, and we have to thank these
patriotic gentlemen that we are not falling
under a military despotism.
But the time has arrived for misrule to cease.
His boldness has increased and kept pace with
the progress of his iniquity, and he has gone
on from one step to another until at length
his crimes have become so manifest as to pro-
duce conviction in the minds of all loyal men.
Andrew Johnson, as President of the United
States, obstructs the due execution of the laws
of the land. He stands in the way of the res-
toration of thirty-five million people to peace
and prosperity. He must be putaside in order
that the nation may live.
, Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. GODLOVE S. ORTH,
op indiana,
Ijj the House op Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, among the most
important principles of republican govern-
ment, that which we teach our children in their
earliest lessons, and which is constantly im-
pressed upon every citizen, is that the laws of
the land must be respected. Under the influ-
ence of this principle we grow to man's estate,
and upon its enforcement is based alike the
security of the individual and the perpetuity
of the Republic. Habitual respect for law has
always characterized our people and made <5ur
nation one of the best and strongest of gov-
ernments—a strength not upheld by the bayo-
net and the sword, but by the indomitable will
of a pure and patriotic people.
Public sentiment, springing from and based
upon virtue and intelligence, is more potent
than armies or navies, and that which can only
be accomplished in other lands by the use of
material forces, by bloodshed, and revolution
is hero obtained by the potent voice of the
people, expressed through the forms of law
which they themselves have placed upon the
statute-book. This is, therefore, a Govern-
ment of the people, organized by themselves,
founded by their own volition, based on the
natural rights of man, and erected for the
maintenance of those rights and the security
of individual and general welfare. The sev-
eral powers of the Government under our
Constitution are divided into the legislative,
executive, and judicial departments; the for-
mer springs directly from, and is also directly
amenable to, the people. In theory, as well
as in practice, it represents more nearly than
either of the other departments the sovereign
will of the people, from whom all political
power is derived. The executive and judicial
departments of the Government are amenable
to the people through the power of impeach-
ment, w hich, by the Constitution, is reposed in
the Senate and House of Representatives, the
latter having •' the sole power of impeachment"
and the former "the sole power to try all im-
peachments."
By another provision of the Constitution—■
"The President, Vice President, and all civil offi-
cers of the United States shall be removed from
oflioe on impeachment for and conviction of treason,
bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanozs."
In my judgment the offenses here contem-
plated are not merely such " crimes and misde-
meanor s " as the criminal courts take cognizance
of under the laws of the land, but embrace such
acts of omission or commission in the discharge
of official duty as in the judgment of both
! Houses of Congress render the olhcer im-
peached unfit as the further depository of power.
This House, as the grand inquest of the na-
tion, is now considering the subject-matter of
