1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
tribunal which tries impeachments; or we must
wipe out one or the other of these clauses from
the Constitution for the time being.
Sir, this being the language of the Constitu-
tion, if that were ail of it, would there be any
doubt that upon the trial of a President upon
impeachment the Vicc President would sit
where you now sit? If there were no other
provisions of the Constitution but these, and
a President were to be put upon trial on im-
peachment, would any one suggest that the
Vice President should leave his chair and the
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court be placed
in it? But the impropriety of the Vice Pres-
ident sitting there would be just the same if
the Constitution had taken no notice of it as
it is now, and just the same as is the impro-
priety of this oath being administered to the
Senator from Ohio. The men who" made the
Constitution foresaw that and provided for it,
and therefore said that in case the President
be impeached the Vice President shall not pre-
side, as the Constitution had before declared
he should, but the Vice President shall leave
his chair and the Chief Justice shall preside
during that trial; and it is because the Con-
stitution says so that the Vice President does
leave his chair on such an occasion. But here,
in reference to this question, there is no such
direction in the Constitution.
Now, as to the objection which is taken and
as to the time of taking it. It seems to rac if
anything is plaiu which is not written in the Con-
stitution it is the objection taken by the Sena-
tor from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.] If there is
any objection to the qualifications of the Sen-
ator from Ohio to try this question it is an
objection which one of the parties to this liti-
gation has a right to urge, and nobody else in
the world ; and, so far as 1 know, neither of the
parties to that litigation are here. If both were
here would they not have a right to waive the
objections, if there were any ? Could we ex-
clude a member of this Senate against the pro-
test of both the parties to the litigation and
say, when they were consenting, that this man
or that should not be a member of the Senate ?
Clearly not.
But, then, what is the objection itself? That
he is interested, is it? And how interested ?
Why, that in a certain contingency, if the issue
of the trial be in one way, the Senator whose
right to talys this oath is objected to would
cease to be President of the Senate, and would
become President of the United States. It
was well replied by the Senator from Michigan
that that is not certain ; that that is not an in-
evitable consequence ; that is a non sequitur.
It does not follow that he would become Pres-
ident «ft«the United States. If he continued
to be President of the Senate up to the time
when the judgment of amotion was pronounced,
I suppose, by the terras of the Constitution, he
would be President; but if he should not
continue to be President of the Senate up to
that time he would not be. Admit that he is
now in possession of the office which would
give him the succession under the Constitution
in case of amotion ; but the office, the condi-
tion, the predicament which is his position
to-day may be the reversion of any one of us
to-morrow; weare remainder-men if he should
happen to retire from that office by the judg-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. FUELING!!UYSEN. And consequent-
ly all of us are interested.
Mr. HOWE. All his interest would thus
be removed, and that same interest would be
vested in some one of the rest of us; I do not
know exactly who; but the same possible in-
terest, contingent interest, which is objected to
to-day in him is an objection which can be
urged against every one of us, because we are
liable to be, before the termination of this liti-
gation, placed in precisely the same predica-
ment, and no one of us can be fit, because of
this possible interest, to try this question.
Mr. President, I believe, by a rule of the
body governing this proceeding, the remarks
of members are limited to ten minutes. I have
said all I care to say upon the question.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to go over any of the grounds that have
heretofore been taken by other Senators on
this subject; but there are one or two questions
which seem to me to lie in the foreground of
this matter, and to which I should like to call
the attention of those gentlemen who insist
upon this exception at this time. If the objec-
tion has any vitality, any legal validity what-
ever, it is one that requires to be passed upon
affirmatively or negatively by some body; and
I should like to know who is to pass upon it at
this stage of the proceeding? Is it addressed
to the Presiding Officer of the Senate, as if he
had the right to pass upon it? 1 imagine not.
I suppose it will hardly be contended that so
grave a question as this can be passed upon by
that officer, even if any question in this trial
can be passed upon by him at all. If not to
be passed upon by the Presiding Officer of the
Senate, then what body is to determine the
question affirmatively or negatively? The Sen-
ate is not yet constituted for the trial of the
impeachment.
Besides the honorable Senator from Ohio,
there are no less than four other Senators in
their seats on this floor at this time waiting to
have the oath required by the Constitution
administered to them. They are entitled to
vote upon all questions which may arise in
the Senate sitting in the matter of impeach-
ment. Are you going to stop the proceedings
of the Senate at this point and exclude four
of the Senators here that are ready and wait-
ing to take the oath? If you are, then if it
had so happened that the first name on the roll
had been that of the President pro tempore of
the Senate, all the remainder on the roll after
him might, before being sworn, have under-
taken to adjudge that he should not be sworn.
It just so happens that the name of the Sena-
tor from Ohio is low down on the roll of the
Senate, alphabetically taken. If it had been
the very first one the objection could have
been just as well taken and decided by a Sen-
ate not one single member of which had yet
been sworn in the matter of impeachment.
Mr. President, for these reasons, aside from
all others, I hold that there is no person here
who can pass upon this question; the President
of the Senate cannot pass upon it; or even if
he, in virtue of his presidency, could pass upon
questions in the course of this trial, the court,
if you call it so, is not yet organized; it is only
in the process of organization. There are
members of the court here, if you call it a
court, waiting to be sworn ; and you stop the
whole thing here and vote, do you, upon this
question, when the vote- of those four members
that are waiting to be sworn might change the
determination one way or the other?
Sir, the whole thing resolves itself at last
into a question of order, of entertaining this
proposition at all. I will venture to say that
if the court had been organized and the pres-
ent incumbent of the presidency of the Senate
had been accustomed, as he is in another tri-
bunal, to announce the decision upon questions
of order, he would instantly have decided that
this question was out of order at the time it
was raised. These are the views about this
matter which have led me to participate for
these few minutes in the debate on this subject.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the question might with propriety be
asked, what is there in a name? With all due
respect for the honorable Senators who have
by argument attempted to convince the Senate
that this is a court, lam compelled to think that
it is a waste of words. It is true that in the
earlier trials of impeachment the term " high
court of impeachment" was used; butitwas,
in my judgment, a matter of taste or of form.
We are, after all, obliged to come back to the
plain, pointed, explicit language of the Consti-
tution—
"The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments. When sitting for that purpose "—
Sitting as a Senate for the trial of an im-
peachment—
"thoy shall he on oa.th or Affirmation,''
Could language be plainer? Could meaning
be more apparent than this? If we have
passed into a "high court of impeachment"
when did that transposition take place? This
Senate was sitting as a Senate to-day from
twelve o'clock till one. It did not adjourn.
What became of it? Where is it if we are
here as a court to-day? The Senate does not
die. The Senate is in existence. It is here in
this body, or is this body sitting as a Senate to
try a question on a case of impeachment?
But, after all, that is not material. I have
risen more for the purpose of noticing the ob-
jection raised by the honorable Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.] The question of
interest is made against the taking of the oath
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wadb,] upon a rule of law in the courts that
a person havingan interest in the verdict which
may be rendered is excluded from sitting upon
that jury. If that rule is to prevail here I am
surprised that the honorable Senator from In-
diana did not raise the question at an earlier
stage in the progress of these proceedings to-
day. There is another rule of law or the same
rule applicable with equal force which excludes
from the jury a person related by blood or mar-
riage to the accused. If the objection is good
in one case is it not equally good in the other?
If it should exclude the honorable Senator
from Ohio why should it not exclude the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Patter-
son?] I east no imputation upon that Sen-
ator; I do not question his determination to
try this case justly and fairly according to the
Constitution, the law, and the evidence; I
make no objection to the Senator from Ten-
nessee ; but I desire to say that if this objec-
tion is to be raised in the case of tie honor-
able Senator from Ohio it ought, by the same
rule of law and of evidence and of construc-
tion, to be applied to the honorable Senator
from Tennessee.
But, sir, in regard to the question of interest,
if that objection is valid against the Senator
from Ohio it lies against every member of this
body, only one degree more remote. If, by
the verdict to be rendered in this trial, the
Senator from Ohio should pass from that chair
into the more exalted position of President of
the United States, it devolves upon this Senate
to elect one of the Senators sitting here to fill
that vacancy. Human life is in the hands of
One who is above all human tribunals, and in
the course of human events the honorable
Senator from Ohio, elevated to the position
of Chief Magistrate of this nation, may pass
away, and that Senator sitting here on this trial
who has been elevated to the position of Pre-
siding Officer of this body may become the
successor of him to whom objection is made
to-day in the office of President of the United
States. I repeat that the interest lies with
every Senator here, only one degree more re-
mote.
But, Mr. President, it has been said repeat-
edly this afternoon, and it is not necessary for
me to dwell upon it, that we are hero as a Sen-
ate of the United States. The honorable Senator
from Ohio is here as a Senator of the State
of Ohio, clothed with the rights and all the
power possessed by any other Senator on this
floor. He is the equal in every particular of
every Senator who is now sitting as a mem-
ber of this body. I challenge the honorable
Senator of Indiana or the honorable Sena-
tor from Maryland to point me to one iota in
the Constitution which recognizes the right of
this body to deprive any individual Senator of
his vote. No matter what opinions we may
entertain as to the propriety of the honorable
Senator from Ohio casting a vote on this ques-
tion, he is here as a Senator, and you cannot
take away his right to vote except by a gross
usurpation of power. lie is here as a Senator
in the possession and exercise of every right
of a Senator until you expel him by a vote of
two thirds of this body. Then he ceases to
have those rights, and not till then.
Again, on this question of interest, suppose
soma ten or fifteen Senators wera related in
