3726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jidy 3,
find severally due to themforsorvicesduringrtlieses-
sions of the Fortieth Congress, under the eighteenth
section ot an act milking appropriations for sundry
civil expenses ot the Govern men t for the year ending
June 30,1807, and tor other purposes, approved July
28,1830.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
to amend this bill by inserting after the para-
graph relating to the Pension Bureau the fol-
lowing':
Census Office:
For the purpose of paying the amount due to cer-
tain United States marshals and other assistants for
services rendered in taking the eighth census in the
year 18o0, in the State of West Virginia, $5,37(5 09:
Ftoouicd, That no part of the sum hereby appropri-
ated shall be paid on account of any claimant who
participated in the late rebellion, or gave to it any
aid or comiort.
This is the amount ascertained at tlie De-
partment to be due.
Mr. BLAINE. I personally investigated
this matter myself, and i know it to be entirely
correct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was read:
For casual repairs of the Patent Office building, to
complete pavement on the south wing, &8.000.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the words "pavement on" the words
"the lower floor of;'5 so that it will read:
For casual repairs of the Patent Oflico building, to
ootnplcc pavement on tho lower floor of the south
wing, $8,000.
T desire to have this amendment made so as
to require the lower floor to be repaired instead
ot the one above it. The lower floor is very
much out of repair, as every gentleman knows.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was read:
Capitol Building:
For thepaymentof outstandingliahilitiesincurred
by the late Commissioner of Public Buildings lor
materials furnished and labor done in repairing the
old portion of the Capitol building; prior to and dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 3l>, 1807, 45,484 22:
Ptomd-d, Tuat no part of the sum hereby appropri-
ated shall be paid until the said accounts shall have
been hilly examined and approved by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph just read the following:
_ To pay Samuel Gardiner for services ns electrician
in lighting the Dome for the months of June, July,
August, and September, 18G6, $400.
I send to the Clerk's desk and ask to have
read a letter from the late Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
The Clerk read as follows :
37 East Capitol Street, March 17, 1868.
Bear Sir: Mr. Samuel Ga.rdiner, who put up the
electrical hunting iinaratui at the Capitol, (the ad-
miration, and ju Ily so, of all who witness it.) was
employed by ine to takccaro of it during the months
ol'June, July, August, and September, 18GG. There
beins no appropriation out of which to pay him. I
promised him that as toon as an appropriation should
be made he should rcceivo his pay, at the rate of
$100 per month.
When X lelt the office of commissioner Mr. Gardi-
ner had not been pmd, but I supposed he had been
before this time, having loi.s since certified his
account. I now find that he has not.
lie did his duty faithfully, and is as honest, honor-
able, and upright a man as lives, and is entitled to
Ins pay, and I hope you will a.id him all you can in
getting it.
Veiy i ospectfully and truly, yours,
B. 13. FRENCH,
Lnte Commissioner of Public Buildings,
Brevet Brigadier General Nathaniel Michler, in
charyc oj I'ablic Ullllclingn, &c,
Mr. S 1'EVENS, of Pennsylvania. I sup-
pose, strictly speaking, this amendment is not
m older.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not see but wliat it is
in order.
.Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. 1 raise
tin- point of order that this proposed amend-
ment is not. for a deficiency.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Wilsox, of Iowa.)
The Chair thinks it is too late to raise the point
of older.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Kei.sey, but before the result was
announced.
Mr. KELSEY called for tollers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Wasiiburxe,
of Illinois, and Mr. Kelsey were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 29, noes 32.
The CHAIRMAN. A majority voting against
the amendment., it is rejected.
Mr. KELSEY. No quorum has voted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, It was
the general understanding by the House that
the majority in the Committee of the Whole
should decide questions without regard to
whether there is a quorum present or not; but
that a vote should be had in the House on
every proposition submitted in Committee of
the Whole, whether adopted or rejected by the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that before going into Committee of the Whole
the House ordered, by unanimous consent,
that the Committee of the Whole should not
be broken up by reason of a quorum not being
present.
Mr. KELSEY. Ihaveheardofnosuchunder-
standing or general consent, and I object to it.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask to have read what was
the understanding of the House. My under-
standing is that even where an amendment is
voted down in Committee of the Whole it shall
still be voted upon in the House.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] will be allowed to
have a vote on his amendment in the House.
I understand that is all he wants.
Mr. KELSEY. That is not all I want. I
do not ask for a vote in the House. I insist
that the rules shall be observed here in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the agreement in the House was that a
majority vote in Committee of the Whole
should decide all questions, whether there be
a quorum voting or not. Upon that under-
standing the Chair decides that the amendment
of the gentleman from New York is lost.
Mr. KELSEY. I appeal! rora that decision.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I shall
certainly appeal from that decision, for my
understanding was that there should be a vote
in the House on every amendment offered in
Committee of the Whole, whether adopted by
the committee or not.
Mr. KELSEY. I insist that the roll shall
be called. There was no quorum voting on
the last vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
from the manuscript of the reporters the agree-
ment which the House made by unanimous
consent.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point that the
agreement referred to did not apply to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the agreement made by the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Washborne, of Illinois." * * * *
"1 suggest that we eo into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the appropriation bills,
with the understanding that no quorum shall bo ne-
cessary, and that when ever an amendment is adopted
by a majority of those voting itshali go to the House,
and where it is rejected lot it stand the same as it
would if there was a quorum voting."
Mr. KELSEY. The appropriation bill re-
ferred to was the legislative, executive, and
judicial bill.
The^ CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New Yorkwillsuspend. This agreement, made
in the House, stands as the order of the House,
by which this committee is to be guided. The
present occupant of the Chair was not in the
House when the agreement was made; but he
feels bound to enforce it. as the order of the
House. Therefore the Chair has decided that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New Yoik is not agreed to, a majority of those
present having voted against it. And the Chair
refuses to entertain the appeal from that decis-
ion, because the committee has no power to
reverse the order of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, ot Indiana. I move that
the committee rise. If the understanding was
such as is now stated it was not so understood
by a great many of us.
The motion of Mr. Washburn, of Indiana,
was not agreed to.
The following paragraph was read:
Treasury Department:
For temporary clerks in the Treasury Department:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
he is hereby, authorized, in his discretion, to clabsify
the clerics authorized according-to tho character of
their service, $20,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend by striking
out the proviso in the paragraph just read.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being on a division—ayes 5, noes 40.
Mr. KELSEY. No quorum has voted.
The following paragraph was read :
To complete the building used for court-house and
post office at Springfield, Illinois, S30.000.
Mr. COB URN. I move to amend by adding
after the paragraph just read the following:
That the sum of $3,500 be appropriated for repairs
and improvements in the building elected for the
post office and United States courts at Indianapolis,
Indiana ; to be expended under the direction of tiie
clerk of the district court of the United States of said
State.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
this amendment will not be adopted. We have
already made an appropriation—certainly once,
and I am not sure but twice—forthis same pur-
pose.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I will
state to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Cob urn] that in one of our appropriation bills
there is a general appropriation for everything
of this kind.
Mr. COBURN. If that will cover the re-
pairs contemplated in the amendment I with-
draw it.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. It covers
everything of the kind.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move to amend by in-
serting after the paragraph last read the follow-
ing :
For constructing tho United States court-house
and post office at Madison, W^cousin, $50,000.
I understand that the recollection of tho
committee is that this amendment was adopted
in the committee, but by some oversight it has
been omitted. I understand the committee
are entirely satisfied of the necessity of the
appropriation.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
understand that the amount was §50,000.
The matter. I believe, was before the commit-
tee ; but I do not know whether it was definitely
passed upon. I should have been opposed to
it in committee as 1 am opposed to it now, but
the House has overruled me again and again
on all these questions.
Mr. BLAINE. My recollection is that the
committee passed on it favorably. I know it
was the intention of the committee to include it.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
27, noes 15.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAUM. 1 submit the following amend-
ment:
Add the following as a new paragraph:
Forwork on tho public building now being erected
at Cairo, Illinois, to be used as a post office, custom-
house, and court-house of the United States, $10,000.
Mr. Chairman, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has recommended an appropriation of
§100,000 for this work, $50,000 in tho present
bill and $50,000 in the bill which has passed
the House. An amendment covering an ap-
propriation ot $49,000 was adopted by the
House in a bill passed some time ago. I be-
lieve that some of the committee has consented
this sum shall come in, while I regard it not
as much as should be appropriated. Rather
than have a fight I have consented this small
sum shall be appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
. For necessary repairs of the roof, and alterations
}n the building used for custom-house an d post office
rriV!Chicago, Illinois, $20,000: And it is hereby provided,
ihat the commission appointed by the joiut resolu-
tion ot Congress 4* to procure a site for a building to
accommodate the post office arid UnitcdStatc3 courts
m Aow York city," approved January 22, 1867, is
hereby continued.
