1*8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. 01? Beps.
Impeachment—Mr. Orth.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
the pending resolution, declaring that the Pres-
ident of the United States shall be impeached
of high crimes and misdemeanors in the exalted
official position lie now occupies. In the con-
sideration of this question we should exercise
the utmost calmness and caution, and deliber-
ate with that spirit of candor and justice be-
fitting the Representatives of a great people,
sitting in solemn judgment upon the acts of
their Chief Executive. In this spirit we have
thus far acted, and I doubt not the same spirit
will characterize our proceedings to the end.
These are no " Star-Chamber " proceedings,
hidden from the outside world. The eyes of the
American people, yes, of all Christendom, are
upon us, and what we shall do or shall fail to
do will undergo the ordeal of the severest and
most searching criticism.
In this grand drama there is no place for the
partisan—the feelings of the hour must die
with the hour—but our acts will rapidly assume
the form of solemn records and pass into his-
tory, in whose cold and stern spirit they will be
examined and approved or condemned. Who,
then, is Andrew Johnson, and what are some
of his official acts which now demand our
attention? These questions can only be an-
swered very briefly, indeed, in the limited time
allowed me by the rules of the House.
During the convulsive throes which preceded
the outbreak of the late rebellion he occupied
a seat in the Senate of the United States as a
Senator from the State of Tennessee. In the
debates of that stormy period we Cud him
hurling unmeasured anathemas against the
embryo traitors who then occupied seats in that
Chamber. In season and out of season, in
the Senate and out of the Senate, he continued
these philippics, which, by their force and
virulence, soon attracted the attention of the
public.
An ever confiding people, always willing to
accord the purest motives, regarded these ef-
forts as the outbursts of patriotism and loyalty,
but which, viewed in the light of his subsequent
career, are now seen only as the effervescences
of personal hatred against those who, while
plotting their treason, were unwilling to take
him into their councils. Being thus separated
from his former political, personal, and sec-
tional friends—a separation made deeper and
wider by the rapidly succeeding events of the
rebellion—but one course remained to him,
and this was to join his fortunes with those
who were struggling for the maintenance of the
Union.
During the rebellion the separation was com-
plete, and a grateful but wofully deceived peo-
ple, out of gratitude for patriotism apparently
so disinterested, nominated and elected him to
the second office in their gift.
He left his home in February, 1805, to assume
the robes of office at the national Capitol. It
appears from the testimony on the tiles of die
House that while at Cincinnati ho had an in-
terview with Colonel Stanly Matthews, during
which he remarked to Colonel Matthews,
"You and I were old Democrats." deceiv-
ing an affirmative response, he continued, "I
will tell you what it is, if the country is ever
to be savedrit is to be done through the old
Democratic party."
I submit. Mr. Speaker, that this most remark-
able conversation furnishes a key by which to
unlock all the subsequent character, conduct,
and actions of Mr. Johnson. The loyal men
of the land, who had submitted to every sac-
rifice, endured every hardship, and periled
life and limb to save the Republic; these
men who had so generously taken him into
their confidence and made him one of their
chosen and trusted chiefs; these men, in the
language of Mr. Johnson, were unequal to the
task of saving the country. If it were to be
saved at all it must be through the instrument-
ality of the old Democratic party. Could un-
blushing impudence and effrontery go further ?
"The old Democratic party alone can save
the country,", says the man who was about to
assume the duties of that high office, conferred,
not by the, old Democratic party, but by the
men who had rescued the country from the
traitorous grasp of that party. Who were the
" old Democratic party " who are thus lauded
and thus to be trusted ? Jeff. Davis, Toombs,
Slidell, Mason, Vallandigham, and the long
list of Johnson's former friends and associates,
who, after being humbled, defeated, destroyed,
are now to be trusted by him; to lhes« he is
willing to go, if now, in their low estate, they
are willing to receive him as an associate
whom they formerly rejected from their coun-
cils. I repeat, this conversation with Colonel
Matthews solves the whole enigma of his sub-
sequent conduct.
But let us proceed. He arrives at the Capi-
tol, and on the allotted day of inauguration he
appears in the Senate Chamber to take his
official oath, in a state of beastly intoxication.
Those of us who witnessed that most dis-
gusting scene will never forget the ineffable
disgrace which Johnson then brought upon the
American people. The President-elect, his
Cabinet, Senators, Representatives, judges of
the Supreme Court, embassadors from the na-
tions of the earth, and thousands of citizens,
all, all hung their heads in very shame.
Here, Air. Speaker, was the first opportunity
for impeachment, and the remedy provided for
his removal should then have been used.
Shall it be said that the com mission of a crime
eo nomine must be committed before an officer
can be impeached ? Shall it be said that our
people must endure the nuisance of a drunken
President or Vice President for four long
years, and have no power to remove the nui-
sance? Preposterous! A drunken debauchee
is unfit for political station, and the Constitu-
tion gives ample power of removal in all cases
of unfitness. It is that, among others, which
constitutes the '''misdemeanors" spoken of in
the Constitution.
While this opportunity for impeachment was
neglected his debauch continued. He had said
that the " old Democrats" alone were capable
of saving the country, and it is fair to presume,
under all the circumstances, that he now sought
and obtained association with " old Demo-
crats." But how could these "old Demo-
crats" save the country so long as the reins of
Government were held by that great and good
man, Lincoln? 'The rebel army was scattered,
the rebel government was crushed, the "old
Democrats" could not even "save" the con-
federacy ; and all over the land the glad tidings
of peace and of a living, undissevered Union
were hailed with words of joy and hymns of
praise.
Men felt everywhere that the country was
saved, and saved, too, despite the efforts of
the "old Democrats," who had plotted its
destruction. AH men felt and believed this
except, alone, Andrew Johnson and his "old
Democratic friends."
Lincoln yet lived. His pure and elevated
character, his lofty patriotism, his untiring en-
ergy and watchfulness, aided by millions of
countrymen, were equal to the great task ; and
the Republic also lived. But while Lincoln
lived how could the "old Democrats" have an
opportunity of "saving the country?" He
would not associate with them ; he would not
take counsel of them; lie would not repose any
confidence in their professions of patriotism;
he would not confer upon them the high offices
of the Government; he would not be governed
by their wishes ; he would not set aside the
tried men of the country at their bidding; he
would not recognize traitors as patriots, and
lieuce, while he lived, he was a stumbling-block
in the way of the "old Democrats" "saving"
the country. This stumbling-block must lie
removed. The " old Democrats," who struck
at the life of the country, would not hesitate
very long in striking at the life of Lincoln, and
thus remove this obstruction in their path to
power. Lincoln fell, fell by the hands and
under the machinations of the "old Demo-
crats," whom Johnson affirmed were alone
able to save the country.
Johnson succeeded to the vacant Presidency,
and was now in a position to render aid and
comfort to his " old Democratic" friends. But
not so fast; the country must not be roused
into suspicion by any hasty or injudicious ac-
tion. On the contrary, it must be made to feel
that a sterner man has succceded to the Presi-
dency ; instead,of suspicion being aroused it
must be allayed, and the confidence of the loyal
millions, bewailing the untimely death of iheir
beloved Chief Magistrate, must be secured.
Johnson to his many other vices adds that
of a most accomplished demagogue; and he
felt called upon to play his role of deception,
and he played it well. He denounced traitors
more rigorously than ever; he became per-
fectly frantic in his assimulated ferocity—
"traitors must be made to take back seats;"
"traitors must be impoverished;" "traitors
are unfit to live"—these are only a few of the
choice epithets which he daily furnished to a
confiding public. The caught and convicted
murderers of the President must be speedily
executed. His indignant wrath can hardly
even thus be appeased. Whether this hasty
and almost indecent execution was upon the
principle that "dead men tell no tales" is
best known to his own soul.
But the traitors, these "eld Democrats,"
did not quake at his threatenings. They knew
their man; alas! they knew him much better
than those of us who had elevated him to
power. They feared not, neither did they
tremble, but approached him, not on bended
knee, but with upright mien, and soon became
the welcome guests and associates of the new
major-domo of the White House.
With a profligacy amounting to corruption
lie pardoned thousands of these traitors, re-
stored to them in violation of law the lar^e
estates, amounting in the aggregate to millions
of dollars—estates which had been forfeited to
the Government by the treason of their own-
ers, and the proceeds of which should have
been placed in the public Treasury to relieve
a tax-ridden people from the burdens which
the unholy rebellion had placed upon us. Not
satislied with this he issued pardons to leading
rebels, whose hands were yet crimsoned with
the blood of the bravest and best in the land,
and appointed them to high offices of trust and
responsibility, made them Governors of States,
collectors of internal revenue, postmasters,
district attorneys, and enabled them to become
members of conventions to frame new consti-
tutions for governments overthrown by the re-
bellion. Why should he not do these things?
Was it not in full accordance with his declara-
tion "that if this country is saved it must be
saved by the old Democrats?" But because
he does these things must we stand by and see
him trample under foot the laws of the land,
which by his oath of office he was bound to
execute? In his public and official acts he
entirely ignored the true and loyal men of the
South who, at double peril of life and property,
defied the power of the "confederacy," and
in the midst of persecutions, trials, aiid hard-
ships unparalleled in history dared to stand up
for the defense of the old flag and the old Con-
stitution.
He not only ignored this meritorious class
of our fellow-citizens, but did all in his power
to place them under the iron heel of tli>-i
-- -- any •• misdemeanor'
within the true intent and meaniugof the Con-
stitution!
But lot its proceed. A great and powerful
people can afford to be niaguauimou-. even to
us gresi.ost criminal. We have been accus-
tomed, throughout our entire history. 10 bear
wrongs and outrage with a patience that was
