1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
retention of the vetkran reserve corps.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution: which was
read, con.-!dered, and agreed to:
iiVin'r-'tt. That the Committee on Military Aftairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency,,0' retain-
ing in the military toroe of the t inted Mates the
Veteran Reserve corps ns it is now orffanued, anil
mak.e all needful regulations of the Army to affcct
other parts of the service.
BUi/XTY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, from the
select Committee on Soldiers' and Sailors'
Bounty, submitted a report: which was ordered
to be printed and made the special order, after
the morning hour, for theGth of January next.
the new jail.
Mr. COVODE. I ask unanimous"consent
to submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion from the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds:
Whereas there are good reasons to believe that tho
contract for building the jail in and for the District
of Columbia was improperly let: Therefore,
Be it retolved, That the Secretary of the Interior
be requested to witbholdany lurtherpayments upon
the contract referred to until tho Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds have an opportunity
to investigate said contract; and for such purposes
said committee is hereby authorized to make such
inresngation and to send for persons and papers, to
administer oaths to witnesses, and report the result
of their investigation to the House at the earliest
possible moment: Provided, No expense shall be
incurred in such investigation.
Mr. ARCHER. I object.
adjournment over.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that when the
House ^djourns to-day it be to the 6th of
January next.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done with-
out the concurrent action of the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there any way by
which we can do away with the meeting to-
morrow ?
The SPEAKER. Only by the reconsiders- ;
tion of the concurrent resolution for adjourn- i
mentfrom to-morrow until the 6th of January.
Mr. SCHENCK. As gentlemen are not
disposed to let debate go on to-morrow, but
give notice they will offer resolutions of thanks
to General Hancock and others, I move that
the House shall adjourn immediately after the
reading of the Journal to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am willing to offer my
resolution now. j
Objection was made. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House adjourn.
assassination of president lincoln.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message of the President of the United States,
transmitting the report of a gentleman sent
out to Europe by the State Department to
ascertain whether testimony could be obtained
in regard to the assassination of President Lin-
coln; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
fort dayid russell arsenal.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting, in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House, the report of the Chief of
Ordnance relative to the establishment of an
arsenal at Fort David Russell, in Dakota Ter-
ritory ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
twenty per cent. allowance.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, in reply to a resolution of the
House relative to the twenty per cent, allow-
ance to the clerks in his Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
adam iiaudt.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting a report of the Quar-
termaster General relative to the claim of
Adam Hardt, for money advanced to the crew
of the steamer John Paine ; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
military buildings in new york.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting a report from the
Quartermaster General relative to the line of
buildings for military purposes in New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
railroad grant.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion to adjourn to enable the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Johnson,] who is a new
member, to introduce a bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill granting the right of way
over the public lands of the United States to
the Oroville and Virginia City Railroad Com-
pany, a corporation, and to provide for its con-
struction ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock and twenty minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBB: The petition of John M.
Altizer, late a corporal in the seventh regiment
Wisconsin volunteer infantry, for back pension.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizens of
Lasalle county, Illinois, praying that the pro-
duction of flaxseed may be protected from
foreign competition.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of cit-
izens of North Benton, Beloit, and North
Georgetown, Ohio, asking for a change in a
mail route.
By Mr. HIGBY: The petition and affidavits
in the matter of Joseph Hill & Sons.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of
Cornelius Lent and others, of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying for the paving
of New Jersey avenue from N street north to.
the Boundary.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of Eliza-
beth Magee, of Ridgbury Bradford county,
Pennsylvania, asking for an increased pension.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of assistant
professor of Naval Academy, for increase of
pay.
Also, the petition of L. L. Wadsworth, jr.,
and others, for register for schooner Bob.
By Mr. PILE: Resolutions of the city council
of St. Louis, Missouri, in relation to rights of
naturalized citizens.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of William H.
Palmatier, Alfred B. Punutcn, and 8 others, of
Branch county, Michigan, praying Congress to
provide for the payment of the reward offered
for the capture of Jefferson Davis.
Also, a memorial and papers relating to
claims for bounty on behalf of William B. An-
drews, William Cassel, Andrew J. Davis, Ben-
jamin Long, and Loren A. Reed, of Berrien
county, Michigan.
IN SENATE.
11 Friday, December 20, 1867.
:j Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Eastman, mother of Alfred W.
Eastman, have leave to withdraw her petition and
papers from the files of the Senate.
Ou motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of C. It. Tuckcrmans
and P. S. Forbes be withdrawn from the files ot the
Scnato, and referred to the Coinmitteo on Claims.
order of business.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
desire to call up the joint resolution that I
reported on Wednesday last in relation to the
District jail, on which it is desirable to have
action before the holidays.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall be allowed
to go through with the presentation of peti-
tions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire is in
order.
i Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
[ withdraw his motion for the present until
! memorials are presented. They are always
| first in order.
| Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
: This will only take a few moments. (" Give
way.")
; The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his motion?
i Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Yes, sir.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of M.
D. L. Mitchell, of the Creek nation of Indians,
praying a pension for wounds received in bat-
tle and a compensation for services rendered
as physician and surgeon to the loyal Indians
during the campaign of 1861; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the memorial of
Joseph B. Clark and several other persons,
citizens of the county of Cass, in the State of
Michigan, in which they say that inasmuch as
neither the present pension law nor the act
of Congress creating the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers makes provision
for the relief of the disabled and destitute sol-
diers of the regular Army or of the wars inter-
mediate between that of the Revolution and
the one for the subjugation of the southern
rebels, and inasmuch as all who have imper-
iled their lives for their country are entitled to
be held equally meritorious, they respectfully
ask that by amendments of the pension law
and of the act for the creation of the National
Asylum for Disabied Soldiers, or by other
appropriate legislation, relief be extended to
indigent soldiers, disabled by whatever cause,
as follows:
1. To all such soldiers who have been hon-
orably discharged from the service of the Uni-
ted States, whether they were received into
the service as soldiers of the regular Army or
as State militia or as volunteers.
2. If it be held that the two latter classes are
not entitled to such relief, or that it should be
given them by their States respectively, then
the memorialists ask that the relief be extended
to all such soldiers who have been honorably
discharged from the regular Army.
3. If it be held that all such soldiers of the
regular Army are not entitled to such relief,
then they ask that it be extended to all of them
who served in the war of 1812 and were hon-
orably discharged and are indigent and inca-
pable of self-maintenance.
This memorial puts forth some views of a
good deal of interest. I beg to call the atten-
tion of the Committee on Pensions particularly
to it, and ask for it their favorable considera-
tion. I move that it be referred to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of Caroline A. Batcheider, late widow of
David W. Edwards, who was shot while in the
service of the United States under the provost
marshal, praying relief for his minor children;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a memorial of B. C.
Bailey, praying remuneration for expenses and
