1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment-^-Mr. Sit greet ves.
Ho. op Reps.
almost commendable. His purpose was de-
liberately formed; and, to its accomplishment,
he brought all the vast powers and resources
with which the Executive of our Government
is clothed ; and that purpose, judging from the
testimony before this House and from the pub-
lic acts of his administration, was to place the
entire political power of the Government in
the hands of the traitors who had attempted
its destruction, and thus enable them to do
precisely what they had failed to accomplish
by their rebellion. In open defiance of the
law he appointed traitors to ollice, who were
unable, in consequence of their treason, to
take the oath prescribed by the act of Con-
gress of July '2, 1862, and in equal defiance
and contempt of law he paid these officers
their salaries out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted estates.
To thwart the efforts of a loyal Congress, in
providing for the speedy restoration of peace
and the adjustment of oar troubles upon a lib-
eral and enlightened public policy, he used the
veto power on the false assumption that said
Congress ought not to legislate upon questions
of national concern without the unconditional
admission of the rebel States to representation
in Congress. He maliciously and wickedly used
every effort in his power to bring Congress, the
direct -Representatives of the loyal people, into
public contempt, by proclaiming that it was an
unconstitutional body hanging on the verge of
the Government. The same Congress which
had provided the men and the money to crush
oat the rebellion ; the same Congress which,
during the four years of Mr. Lincoln's admin-
istration, had passed all the laws necessary to
restore peace at home and command respect
abroad ; the same Congress which the sover-
eign people had time and again fully indorsed,
was not a Congress ot " old Democrats," and
hence, in his judgment, not able to save the
country.
Knowing well that there are those in every
community who are ever willing to
" Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee
Where thrill may follow fawning,"
lie has corruptly used his vast patronage in
bestowing ollice upon those who became the
laudators of his policy, thus attempting to de-
moralize the people and break down the ser-
ried ranks of the friends of the Union. With-
out law he has handed over to the rebels of
the South, without money and without price,
the railroads of the confederacy, with all their
rolling stock, amounting to many million dol-
lars. roads which were conquered by our Army,
and many miles of which were constructed by
the toil and labor of our own soldiers.
When Congress, in June, 18(56, with singular
unanimity, submitted to the several States of
the Union an amendment to the Constitution,
known as article fourteen—an amendment which
addressed itself to the patriotism, the justice,
and the mercy of our people, and calculated to
rebuild the shattered portions of our Union
upon the enduring basis of an elevated repub-
licanism—he steps aside from his path of duty,
impugns the motives of the Congress, mis-
represents and distorts the principles of the
proposed amendment, opposed its ratification,
and willfully and maliciously uses the power
and patronage of his office to accomplish his
purposes.
In violation of law and the solemn obliga-
tions of our Government, he has given to red-
handed rebels millions of acres of the finest
lands of the South, which the former owners
had forfeited, and which had been given to the
freedmen for purposes of ownership and cul-
tivation, depriving them of homes to which
they were entitled, as a small recompense for
the years of abject slavery which a cruel and
bloody "patriarchal" system had foreed upon
them. l)id he no! incite, aid, and abet, the
riot in New Orleans, where peaceable and un-
offending citizens were maltreated, wounded,
and murdered without provocation and without
cause? But the mind shrinks with horror from
the contemplation of these multiplied wrongs,
tbesegross infractions of the law. Andvet we
must be told that these atrocious and wicked
acts are not high crimes and misdemeanors.
Mr. Speaker, at the first opportunity which
presented itselftotliis House, 1 voted to impeach
Andrew Johnson. I did so under a sense of
my responsibility as a Representative ofthe peo-
ple and the obligations of my oath to discharge
my duty faithfully. Time and much reflection
have butserved to confirm me in thecorrectness
of that vote; and, acting in the lightof the evi-
dence then presented, 1 cannot hesitate as to my
duty to-day, when other wrongs, other crimes,
other misdemeanors have been added to the
long, dark,'and bloody catalogue. Emboldened
by our non-action heretofore—a failure not the
result so much of a disbelief in his guilt, as a
belief that it were better for the country not to
press impeachment, all of which he has wofully
misinterpreted—the President has proceeded
with rapid and insane strides in his treasonable
designs.
Having read enough of history to know that
all revolutionary purposes, to be successful,
must have the support of military power,
he sets himself to work to seduce our brave
soldiers from their path of duty and their love
of country.
He approaches the General of the Army,
the great captain ofthe age, with his seductive
wiles, butlinds Grant asdevoted to the Union as
ho was brave and brilliant in battle. Failing
in this, he seeks to degrade this noble soldier
or entangle him in the cunning toils of an un-
scrupulous politician. He turns toward .Sher-
man for comfort, offering advanced rank for
no other purpose than to complicate him with
his comrade in arms and in victory, but the
offer is repelled with the just indignation of a
gallant and chivalrous chieftain. Foiled again,
and still intent upon corrupting the Army, he
makes court to the grim hero of Nasaville,
and with the same result. Johnson ought to
know that the soldiers who for long and dreary
years were battling for the .Republic cannot
be seduced from their integrity and made the
supple tools of a corrupt Executive in his at-
tempt to subvertthe institutions of his country.
The possession of the War Office was long ail
object of his heart's desire. lie recollects how,
during Buchanan's administration, this office,
under the auspices of the traitor Floyd, was
made subservient to the purposes of the rebel-
lion ; how the arms and munitions of the coun-
try were placed within reach ofthe rebels;
how the Army was so stationed as to be of no
service to the then incoming Administration in
stemming the torrent of treason then threaten-
ing to overwhelm the land. Johnson knew all
this, and hence his anxiety for the control of
this most important Department of the Gov-
ernment; but he saw it in the possession of a
,brave, true, and resolute man, who could not
be swerved from his duty—neither cajoled by
flattery nor intimidated by threats. When re-
quested to resign, as early as last August, he
told the President plainly that he should re-
fuse, that he should hold possession of the
office, because lie believed the public good
required it. Stanton was then suspended by
virtue of the provisions of the "tenure-of-
office" law, and by this act the President
acknowledged the binding force and validity of
that law, for he submitted the reasons for such
suspension to the Senate. These reasons were
afterward adjudged to be insufficient, and
Stanton thus reinstated in his former position.
Stanton thus became the President's Mordecai,
and sat in the gate through which the President
expected to pass in his revolutionary march.
Blinded with rage at this "obstruction" in
his path, he attempts a removal, and in this
attempt palpably violates the plain letter of
the Constitution and the equally plain letter
of the law.
I will not stop to present this violation in
detail, for it has already received ample elu-
cidation.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, permit me to
say that our duty in the premises is clear and
simple. We present the President to the Sen-
ate charged with the commission of "high
crimes and misdemeanors." It is the duty of
the Senate to try the question of guilt or inno-
cence. Let the charge be preferred, and let
the trial be had. For three long years the
country has been agitated, when it should have
had peace; for three long years the people
have been arrayed against their Executive;
for three long years the struggle has continued
to the detriment of the material interests of
the country; and it is high time that this un-
natural and unnecessary state of" things should
cease. If the President be found innocentthe
people will acquiesce in the judgment of the
court; if found guilty, as I honestly believe
him to be, let such be the judgment of the
court, and'that judgment will be sustained by
the same stout arms and brave hearts which
have thus far saved the nation. The instru-
ment of mischief will be removed—the crimi-
nal receive the punishment his acts have
merited—the country restored to a condition
of peace, progress, and prosperity, and the
world will be furnished with another proof of
man's capacity for self-government.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. C. SITGXIEAVES,
Of NEW JERSEY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 18G8.
The House having under consideration the follow-
ing resolution, reported by the Committee on Recoil-
struction:
Resolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, be impeached oi'high crimes and mis-
demeanors in office—
Mr. SITGREAVES said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not rise for the purpose
of attempting to dissuade this House from its
manifest determination to impeach Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, for
high crimes and misdemeanors, for I well know
that such an attempt would be futile.
I rise only to vindicate the history of facts,
and to protest against a great wrong, in the
name of justice and the people of a Siate who
have ever stood firmest among (he firm for t le
impartial administration of the laws and for
the compacts of the Constitution in all their
entirety, both in letter and spirit.
Andrew Johnson will be impeached by "this
House of Representatives, and in all proba-
bility the impeachment will bo sustained by
the Senate. The malignity of partisan hate
will then be fully gratified. The last bulwark
erected by the Constitution against the consol-
idation of power in the General Government
will be broken down. With the judicial branch
rendered powerless by your legislative acts, and
with a creature of Congress m the executive
chair, the work of consolidation will bo com-
plete.
We sit here as a grand inquest of the nation
under that article of the Constitution which
ordains that—
" The House of Representatives shall choose their
Speaker and other officers, and shall have the solo
power of impeachment."
Against the display of partisan hate, parti-
san denunciation, and appeals to partisan ven-
geance so fieely indulged ill the debate on
this floor by members sitting in the high capa-
city of national grand jurors I have no protest
to make. The propriety and justice ot such
a course are matters to ho settled by members
with their consciences, their country, and their
(rod. But 1 do protest against, the extraor-
dinary efforts to excite the prejudice!, of tlie
members of this great inquest on tms great
