1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
372?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The right to object
to any item not in order was reserved upon
this bill by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] and the Speaker expressly stated
that gave the right to any gentleman to make
the point. I make the point that this proviso
is not in order. I believe this commission has
expired. I do not know what the effect will
be; but 1 think it will do no harm to strike out
the proviso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We may
lose the benefit of the commission. The com-
mission can do no harm.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We do not lose the
labor of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
Soldiers' bounties:
To facilitate the payment of soldiers' bounties
under act of July ^8.18(36, as follows:
For fuel and gas, $700.
For carpeting, $2,000.
For fitting house, oases, &c.  $500.
For rent, $1,200.
For fifty chairs, $300.
For one messenger, three laborers, and two night
watchmen, $4,000.
Mr. PRICE. What are these for ? I cannot
exactly see what they are for.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I will tell
the gentleman. The chairman of the com-
mitte}, who took charge of this bill, has a
communication from the War Department on
the subject. This is for extra room for fifty or
one hundred clerks.
Mr. PRICE. Why did you not say so?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We cannot
put all the explanations into the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
City of Washington:
To enable the chief engineer of the Army to reim-
burse to the corporation of the city of Washington
for expenses incurred in improving the property of
the General Government in said city, under provis-
ions of act ot May 5,1834, and in accordance with
the recommendation of the Secretary of War, in
book of estimates of appropriations, pages 244 and
245, $290,943 83: Provided, That section tittcen of an
act entitled '*An act to incorporate thocity of Wash-
ington and to repeal all acts heretofore passed for
that purpose,'' approved May 15, 1820, and section
three of an act approved May 5, 1804, entitled "An
act to amend nn act to incorporate the inhabitants
of the city of Washington, passed May 15,1820," are
hereby repealed; and no improvements oi thestreets,
alleys, avenues, or other property of the United
States, in the city of Washington, shall hereafter be
made until an appropriation shall have been made
therefor; and such appropriation, when made, &hall
be expended under the direction of the chief engi-
neer oi the Army.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point of order
that the proviso is general legislation, and not
in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, Mr.
Chairman, one' word. The Committee on
Appropriations put in this appropriation on
condition  
Mr. INGERSOLL. I raise a point of order.
I understand the gentleman from Tennessee
made the point of order that this was not ger-
mane, being independent legislation, and it
was sustained by the Chair. Now, my colleague
proposes to argue the question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well,
then, I move to strike out the whole of the
paragraph. The Committee on Appropriations
only put in this amendment for the purpose of
stopping this fraud and swindle upon the Gov-
ernment which has been carried on so long in
the city of Washington.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I shall
not be deterred by any threats of this kind.
If this legislation is right it ought to pass. The
Committee on Appropriations has put into this
bill legislation in regard to affairs in this Dis-
trict, which properly comes within the pro-
vince of the Committee for the District of
Columbia. Now, the spirit with which we
legislate for the capital of our country, the
point of all others that is the object of obser-
vation of foreigners who come here, is certainly
not a very enlarged or liberal one. _ We legis-
late for more people here thair live in some of
the small States. How much time and atten-
tion we give to their affairs gentlemen know
as well as I do. If it is right they should have
this sum of money let us appropriate it. If it
is right that these walls should be rebuilt let
the Committee for the District of Columbia
examine them and report an appropriation.
I dislike this sort of legislation, saying, " We
will give so much money if you will give up a
part of your charter."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know what the gentleman means by talking
about this belonging to the Committee for the
District of Columbia. From the commence-
ment of this work there has never been a dol-
lar appropriated for it, except what has been
reported by the Committee on Appropriations.
We have already given $4,000,000 to be squan-
dered upon it, and one half of the money has
been stolen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. More than
that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Now we
want to put a stop to this.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not speaking of the
merits or demerits of this appropriation,
whether it is right or wrong. What I did speak
about was the principle of granting these ap-
propriations upon condition that the law should
be changed, and the rights of the people under
their charter should be limited by this amend-
ment. If the appropriation is right, let us pass
it; if it is wrong, strike it out. But let the
Committee for the District of Columbia adjust
the question of the charter of this city.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The
Committee for the District of Columbia has no
more to do with this than the man in the moon.
We have voted appropriations to the amount
of $4,000,000 for this work. Three times we
have finished and stopped it, and three times
we have added ยง110,000 at the close of the
year in a deficiency bill. We thought we would
try now and put in something effectual, saying
that they should not go on next year. And
now it seems it is the old game over again. I
shall go for striking out the whole of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out the
last word. I apprehend that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania does not understand the
position of my honorable friend from Tennes-
see [Mr. Maynard] with regard to this propo-
sition. The gentleman from Tennessee, objects
to this independent legislation as not belonging
to the Committee on Appropriations and not
being proper in an appropriation bill. Now,
no one can dispute the correctness of that posi-
tion. The gentleman from Tennessee does not
insist that the appropriation proper shall come
from the Committee for the Districtof Colum-
bia, nor has any one else ever contended that
it was the province of the Committee for the
District of Columbia to report such an appro-
priation. We all agree that it is the province
of the Committee on Appropriations. But
what have the Committee on Appropriations
done? In this deficiency bill they have
reported an appropriation of a sum of money,
under the estimate of the War Department, in
virtue of a section of the law which this bill
now proposes to repeal. What we object to is
that in this bill, in carrying out the recom-
mendation of the War Department, you pro-
pose to repeal an existing statute.
A Member. It ought to be done.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, if it ought to be
done, it should be done in a proper way ; and
so it is held by the rule and by your chairman.
Now, in regard to there having been immense
sums of money squandered and stolen in prose-
cuting this work I have my doubts. The ap-
propriations for the District of Columbia have
been miserly within the last six or seven years.
You have done but very little toward sustain-
ing the dignity of the Government at your
national capital. You have appropriated but
a trifling sum in the past half dozen y#ars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. How much?
Mr. INGERSOLL.- Not half as much as
you ought to have appropriated. You have
not appropriated a single dollar by virtue of a
single appropriation bill that you have ever
reported to the House that has not been war-
ranted and authorized by law and based upon
some existing statute which has been passed
by Congress. Now, what is the law? This
appropriation is made in virtue of a statute
which simply declares that the Government of
the United States shall pay for improvements
made by the city authorities lying contiguous
to the property belonging to the Government
of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman and I do not understand this matter
alike. We certainly had this claim settled and
audited, and I thought we had appropriated
the amount audited.
Mr. INGERSOLL. ThatI do not complain
of. I say the amount is satisfactory, but I do
not desire that it shall be coupled with a prop-
osition to repeal the law which authorizes these
improvements to be made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. One word
in regard to this matter. I think I am safe in
saying that the Committee on Appropriations
never would have reported in favor of paying
this amount unless coupled with the condition
that this law of May 5, 1864, should be re-
pealed. It is one of the laws passed during
the rebellion, without any particular regard to
what we were doing. Now, what is it? I will
read it:
"That in nil cases in which tlio streets, avenues, or
alleys of said city pass through or by any of the
property of iho United States tlio Commissioner of
the Public Buildings shall pay to the duly author-
ized officer of the corporation the just proportion of
the expenses incurred in improving said avenue,
street, or alley which the said property boars to tho
whole cost thereof, to bo ascertained in tho same
manner as the s^me is apportioned among the indi-
vidual proprietors of tile property improved thereby."
Under that law, without reserving to our-
selves any-right of control over these contracts,
the city government went on and has brought
in a bill of $296,000 for the Government to
pay.
Mr. INGERSOLL. How many years has
that been accumulating?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The esti-
mate was sent in here in December last.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is for deficiencies
running over from year to year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Only a
very short time, as the gentleman will see by
looking at the estimates which 1 have here.
Mr. DELANO. I suggest to the gentleman
that the Thirty-Ninth Congress settled a bal-
ance for this sort of business with the city of
Washington.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman is right, and we had hoped when that
was done that we would have had no more of
these bills. But when this Congress met an
estimate for a, deficiency where you had made
no appropriation to carry on this work, of
$290,000, was brought in, which we are to pay
out of the pockets of our constituents. Well,
sir,there were some considerations which in-
duced the Committee on Appropriations to
recommend that the sum in the bill, $290,000,
should he appropriated, provided we co-uld
repeal this law altogether, and could provide
further that no more work shall be done unless
a contract is made and the money appropriated
for it. Does my friend and colleague [Mr.
Ingersoll] object to that? Why does he op-
pose this proviso? Why will he stand in the
way of this reform? Why will he not let us
provide here in this bill, while we pay this
outstanding claim, that hereafter we will not
: permit the corporations of Washington and
^ Georgetown to go forward and mulct us out of
I two, three, or five hundred thousand dollars
I more?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I renew it. The proviso
attached to this appropriation ought to be pre-
served if the appropriation is preserved. The
section of law under which the Government
can be made responsible for claims of this sort
on the part of the corporation .of this city 18
one that ought to be repealed. I know, from
