2704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
House, and told us that he was ready, pre-
pared at any moment, upon its direction, to
answer any and all questions which the House
decides he shall answer. This has not only
been his statement to the House otiee, but it
has been several times made and repeated, and
he stands ready, as I am informed, now to
answer any proper question which the House,
composed as it is largely of those Opposed to
liim, shall decide he ought to answer. Now,
I put it to this House in all candor and^ sin-
cerity, if his request is not reasonable—if the
House ought not fairly to decide between liim
and the committee, and if he can be in con-
tempt while he stands ready to obey the order
of the House.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman allow
a question?
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I cannot out of nay ten
minutes. I would yield to everybody if 1 bad
the time.
Here is a committee raised confessedly,
avowedly for another and a different purpose
than that of investigating the conduct of mem-
bers of the House or the Senate, or any other
questiou of public interest, raised for a par-
tisan purpose, raised for the purpose of im-
peachment, composed of gentlemen upon one
side of the question of impeachment, com-
mitted to it before their election, nominated in
a political, partisan caucus, and their names
. presented to this House and confirmed in their
appointment by apolitical and partisan majority
in this House.
Mr. BROOKS. Two of them from one State.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. Yes. Two of them from
the State oI'Massachusetts, appointed or elected
only to manage the trial of impeachment, and
because of their abilities and interest to push
it strongly. Now, this witness is brought be-
fore this committee, composed as it is and
created as it was, and he complains that they
are actuated by unfriendly or hostile or angry
feelings toward him, that lie is not fairly treated
by them; he claims that he is insulted and
abused, and that the questions put to him are
improper. I insist that this House ought to
decide the question for itself as between this
witness and the committee. If the House shall
decide thathe shall answer, and he then refuses,
I myself should feel bound, and I have no
doubt the witness would cheerfully acquiesce
in the justice of that judgment, and the country
will be satisfied. But if you persist in insist-
ing that the witness shall be subject to the
absolute will, control, caprice, passion, anger,
or mortified pride of this committee, you will
not be justified before the country.
It is a wrong unparalleled in this country or
any other. It is not only unparliamentary,
but in my judgment it is an outrage upon the
personal liberty of the citizen which this peo-
ple cannot submit to with a just regard to their
own rights and freedom. We have appealed
to you in every form to give the witness an
opportunity of having one, two, or three mem-
bers who differ with you upon the question of
impeachment to examine him and see whether
he is fairly dealt with. This most just and
reasonable demand you refuse.
The gentleman from Massachusetts told us as
a reason why the minority should not be rep-
resented on the committee yesterday that when
the Judiciary Committee were in session dur-
ing the last summer on the impeachment, ques-
tion, its proceedings were made public. That
is the pretended reason for not allowing gen-
tlemen on this side to be on this investigating
committee. As one of the members of the
Judiciary Committee, I tell the gentleman that
there never was a committee of this House in
session as long as that was, and investigating
as extensively as they did, examining the num-
ber of witnesses, and taking the amount of
testimony that they did, where so little of what
occurred before it was made public before they
reported. The chairman of the committee
himself, a Republican in politics, declared
that to be the case in my own hearing.
I appeal now and here to the members of
that committee on the other side if there is
one of them who at any time had the remotest
suspicion that one member of the minority
ever disclosed a single fact during that investi-
gation improperly. 1 tell you the gentlemen
on this side are not only too honorable, but
they know too well their duty to disclose im-
properly what transpires before a committee.
This is a mere pretense. It is an unjust and
unjustifiable imputation upon the committee.
I hurl it back with scorn, indignation, and con-
tempt. There is not a tnan on that committee,
my colleague [Mr. Marshall] suggests to me—
and 1 speak with confidence oil that subject—
who will say that the minority did not act hon-
orably, fairly, and uprightly during the whole
of that examination. That is no reason, how-
ever, why the committee should not be com-
posed according to parliamentary usage and
law, according to the practice of this and all
other parliamentary bodies. But it is not that
that the gentlemen desire. It is not that of
which he is afraid. They wish to pursue this
witness in secret. They sceh to perpetrate upon
him something which they do not want the
minority of the House to understand. They have
some purpose that cannot bear the light, some
purpose to be accomplished in the darkness,
some purpose they do not want the country to
know. There is, there can bo no other reason
for the course pursued by this committee of
impeachment managers.
Mr. BUTLER resumed the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will yield
to me for a moment, I wish to make a sugges-
tion rather in the nature of a point of order or
parliamentary inquiry. I desire to know from
the Chair whether, heretofore, when witnesses
in contempt of the House have been putin con-
finement, they have been placed in the custody
of the Speaker? It seems to me—I will say
in advance of the answer of the Chair—that
whatever may have been the custom in the past,
or may be the present custom, it is a duty which
more properly devolves on the Scrgeant-al-
Arms, and I think it is somewhatinfradig. in
respect to the Speaker of the House that he
should bo made the custodian or jailer—-:>s the
papers term it—of the witness ; and 1 desire in
some form to enter a motion that shall relieve
the Speaker of that duty, and place it where, by
the rules of the House and the suggestions of
propriety, it seems to belong, and that is to the
S ergea n t - at- A rm s.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will reply to
the inquiry of the gentleman from Maine, that
the usage has always been, when members who
refuse to obey the orders of the House are put
under arrest, or when witnesses who refuse to
obey the orders of the House and the law of
the land, which requires them to testify, are
placed under arrest, they are placed under
arrest by the Sergeant-at-Arms, and are not
under the supervision of the Speaker. The
Speaker has other duties which occupy all of
his time and attention, and the Sergeant-at-
Arms is the officer who has always heretofore
had the responsibility. It is a delicate respon-
sibility.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to move that the
entire charge and custody of the witness be
placed in the hands of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
and the Speaker entirely relieved therefrom.
I hope the gentleman will accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the Chair
whether even an order of the House could im-
pose upon the Speaker a duty as Speaker
which did not legitimately belong to his ollice ?
For example, could the Speaker, by an order
of the House, be required to come down to the
Clerk's desk and read a bill or be required to
perform the functions of the Doorkeeper?
Would not such an order be simply nugatory?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state'to
the gentleman from Tennessee that the order
which he suggests would be a change in the
rules of the House, and therefore could not be
entertained except under a suspension of the
rules or by unanimous consent. But the Chair
supposes that the duty can be devolved on the
Speaker by the order of the House which haj
been devolved upon him, but he will state that
lie would be very much gratified if the House
would allow him to perform the ordinary duties
of the Chair without additional duties.
Mr. MAYNARD. The point of inquiry is
whether such an order is notacomplete change
of the regular organization of the House,
assigning duties to an officer with which, under
the organization of the House, he has nothing
to do?
The SPEAKER. It is a change in the usage
of the House, but the Chair supposes that the
House could devolve this duty upon the Chair
if they saw fit.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask tho gentleman
from Massachusetts it it is not the fact that on
Wednesday morning, when Mr. Woolley was
last before the committtee, that he stated to
the committee,in addition to his answer which
was read to the House,that if they would bring
him before the bar of the House and submit
the question as the sufficiency of his answer,
and his right to refuse to answer lurther, that
he would answer any questions which the House
might direct him to answer? Thg gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] on yesterday,when
I sought to get the floor to make that state-
ment and ask that question, said to me in sub-
stance that Woolley had so requested. I regret
that lie is not now in bis seat.
Mr. BUTLER. Nothing but my respect for
the gentleman from Kentucky prevents my
calling his attention to the fact that he is ask-
ing a question whollyoutsideof anything before
the House.
Mr. HIGBY. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky or the gentleman from
Wisconsin if it is the usual way to take testi-
mony to bring witnesses to the bar of the House
and ask them questions in order to get informa-
tion ?
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] will allow me to answer
the gentleman from California [Mr. Higby] I
will do so. My understanding is that when
the House appoints a committee, or a grand
jury is in session, or any other body appointed
to examine a witness, and the committee or
the grand jury differ as to the right of the
party, the proper course is to bring the wit-
ness before the House or before the court,
place him under the protection and direction
of the House or the court, and then he will
have to do what the House or the court may
order him to do.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the member from Mas-
sachusetts yield to me?
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot yield.
Mr. HIGBY. I only want a minute.
Mr. BUTLEP^ .Very well.
Mr. N [BLACK. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. NIBLACK. My point of order is that
the gentleman from California [Mr. Higby] is
out of order in always addressing others here
as "member's" and not as "gentlemen."
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. By reference to the Congres-
sional Globe it will be seen that the universal
custom has been for members to refer to each
other as " members" or as "gentlemen." as
they may please.
Mr. BUTLER. T desire to keep before the
House what the question is. The sole question
under consideration is whether this man Wool-
ley—after having insulted the House by receiv-
ing an insulting telegram, (that you could not
help.) then by sending it to the committee so
as to make it known to them—whether lie
shall be allowed to receive any more ? That
is the question. Whether he shall answer at
the bar of the House is not a question now
before the House.
We are told that we are persecuting this
man. Sir, he has only to tell the truth, only
to answer the question what he did with this
money, which four times he has given a history
of, and each of the four statements untrue,
and then the prosecution will stop. He does
not need a Iawyef to-«aid him to do that; he
