1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2705
does not need the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] to aid him to do that; he does
not need anybody to aid him to do that. He
knows better than anybody else can what he
did with the money.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot yield.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask a question,
Mr. BUTLER. I do not yield. Now, then,
to the other questions: the resolution was
drawn in conformity with parliamentary pre-
cedents, I believe. It does not put this witness
into the custody of the Speaker at all any more
than the fact that the rooms of this Capitol are
subject to the order of the Speaker. He is in
the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, to whom
the Speaker gives direction.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg to correct the gentle-
man on that point. The resolution specially
made the Speaker——
Mr. 1IIG13 Y. I objectto the gentleman from
Maine interrupting the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the right to yield to the gentle-
man from Maine for explanation, as he does.
Mr. BLAINE. The resolution specifically
made the Speaker the arbiter to decide who
should see the witness, what letters shall go to
him, what telegrams shall go to him, and what
shall not. So that all the offensive points in
the proceding, if I may so call them, are thrown
upon the Speaker. I think the Speaker should
be relieved from that responsibility, for I do not
think the House has any right to impose it upon
the Speaker. But. having done so, the sooner
we take it back the better for the dignity of the
House.
Mr. BUTLER. To that I would answer that
the witness was put in the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. If we had let it stand there,
so that no communications, orally or in writing,
could be made to him, our friends on the other
side—out of doors, not in this House, because
it might not be parliamentary for me to refer
to those in this House—out of this House would
have howled over the charge that he had been
put where he could appeal to no one for any
redress, and could look to no one but the Ser-
geant-at-Arms or his jailor for any assistance.
Therefore, in kind consideration to the witness,
we drew the resolution so as to provide, first,
that the witness should be in the custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms; and then the highest
officer of the House is designated to determine
who shall see the witness. This was done so
that there could be no reason for saying that
we mean to deal unfairly with him.
I know, sir, that it is an onerous and un-
pleasant duty, one that nothing but the exigen-
cies of the case would have made us think for
one moment of putting upon you, sir, and we
knew that you would faithfully discharge your
responsibilities in the line of duty, however
onerous, however arduous, however unpleas-
ant.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; I will not be in-
terrupted.
Having done that, the complaint now arises
on our side that we have been too lenient, too
kind to this witness, in that we have intrusted
to the highest officer of the House the duty of
supervising this delicate part of the witness's
confinement.
Mr. BLAINE. I raised no question at all
as to the treatment of the witness. My motion
had reference to the Speaker, not to the witness.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, as the Speaker had
not complained of the matter, I suppose he is
obliged to my friend for raising the question.
Mr. BLAINE. The Speaker is voiceless on
the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me now to say that I
have no objection to putting this matter under
the charge of the Sergeant-at-Arms. I do not
care what the House may do in the matter.
But I would remind gentlemen of Ben. Frank-
lin's anecdote of the hatter's sign. A man had
put on his sign these words: "John Smith
40th Cong. 2d Bess.—No. 170.
makes and sells hats here." One man came
along and said, "Who cares who makes the
hats?" So the word "makes" was struck
out. Another man said, '1 Who cares who sells
the hats, so he gets them ?" So the word
"sells" was struck out. A third man sug-
gested, " Strike out the word 'here;' of course
you don't sell them anywhere else." So "here"
was struck out. Another man said, "Who
cares whether John Smith or John Brown sells
the hats?" So "JohnSmith" wasstruckout.
In this way the whole thing was struck out, and
the sign had nothing on it. We have a similar
trouble with any proposition introduced here.
One man wants this struck out; another wants
that struck out; a third wants something else
struck out; and nobody apparently wants any-
thing done unless it be doue in his own way.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will bear in mind that, according to
the statement of the Speaker, whom the gen-
tleman will accept as abundantly competent
authority on all parliamentary points, the effect
of my motion would be to leave this witness
in just the same position that has been occu-
pied by all previous witnesses in contempt.
What I object to is that we should now insti-
tute a proceeding in conflict with the uniform
practice of the House heretofore. All I desire
is that the gentleman shall accept such an
amendment as will make our action in this case
conform to the past practice, and relieve the
Speaker from a duty which, as every one con-
cedes, must be difficult, disagreeable, onerous,
and embarrassing.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no objection to
accepting the amendment if the Speaker desires
it; but 1 wanted to show the House that the
proceeding proposed by the committee in this
case is not without precedent. Gentlemen
will find that in the British Parliament, from
which we derive the fundamental principles
of our parliamentary law, all these things are
done by I he order of the Speaker.
Mr. BLAINE. I prefer the precedents of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow me to cor-
rect him upon one matter?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman speaks
of these things being done by the order of the
Speaker. As I understand, however, the exe-
cution of the order is devolved upon the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, as the executive officer of the
House, and this question has arisen from the
action of the Speaker himself, who has brought
to the attention of the House a matter growing
out of his newly-imposed duties as jailor and
custodian of prisoners, thathe might know how
to discharge the functions of his office ; whereas
the Sergeant-at Arms, familiar with his duties,
would have discharged them, I presume, with-
out any direction.
Mr. BUTLER. Let me correct the cor-
rector. The Speaker is neither jailor nor cus-
todian. He is simply to say who shall have
access to the prisoner who is in custody ; he is
not the custodian of the prisoner at all. But,
sir, in order that my friends shall be satisfied,
and especially after the intimation given by the
Speaker of his desire, I will modify my motion
so as to pruvidethat the resolutionsrelatingto
Charles \V- Woolley be so modified that the
Sergeant-at-Arms shall determine only what
verbal and written communications shall be
made to the witness, and that no communica-
tion in writing or by telegraph, except open
communications, be delivered to him or from
him, and that all sealed communications be
delivered to him through his counsel.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
I doubt whether this resolutiou will discharge
the Speaker of the House from responsibility
for the acts of the Sergeant-at-Arms. I find
on page 17-3 of the Digest that the Sergeant-at-
Arms mustdischarge his duties under the direc-
tion of the Speaker. Therefore he will still
be under the direction of the Speaker,
The SPEAKER. Read the paragraph on
page 173 which the gentleman is now quoting.
Mr. WOOD. "It shall be the duty of the
Sergeant-at-Arms to attend the House during
its sittings; to aid in the enforcement of order
under the direction of the Speaker."
The SPEAKER. Now read the next part
of the rule.
Mr. WOOD. "To execute the commands
of the House from time to time." He is
entirely under the direction of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
examined the rule. The Chair will read it,
and he will see that it answers the point of
order:
"It shall be the duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms to
attend the House during its sittings,"
That is the first part of it.
"To aid in the enforcement of order, under the
direction of the Speaker."
That is the second part of it.
"To execute the commands of thellousefrom time
to time."
There is no limitation here in regard to the
Speaker at all. The fourch is:
"Together with all such process, issued by au-
thority thereof, as shall be directed to him by tho
Speaker."
He is to execute the commands of the House
from time to time. It does not need the inter-
vention of the Speaker. He is directly respon-
sible to the House.
Mr. WOOD. The concluding part implies
that his duties shall be under the direction of
the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. That relates to what comes
after the semi-colon in the last division:
" Together with all such process, issued by authority
thereof, as shall be directed to him by the Speaker."
That is to say, that he cannot execute pro-
cess without authority of the Speaker.
Mr. WOOD. If the Sergeant-at-Arms, dur-
ing the recess of the House, applied to the
Speaker for direction, would he not give it to
him ?
The SPEAKER. He would within the
sphere of his duties, which is quite limited
during the recess.
Mr. WOOD. We are wiLling to leave this
prisoner with the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not say that I am
willing to do that.
Mr. WOOD. I mean so long as he is a
prisoner.
Mr. BUTLER. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BO YER. I wish to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. It is this: whether, if this reso-
lution be passed, it will prevent the counsel of
the prisoner from holding any communication
with him unless the communication intended
to be made is first stated to tho Sergeant-at-
Arms?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must con-
strue the resolution for himself. The Speaker
ordered, yesterday, that his counsel should
have access to him, as well as his wife, child,
and nurse. That order is unrevoked.
Mr. BOYER. Is it the intention to prevent
his counsel communicating with him unless
the communication is first stated to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms?
Mr. BUTLER. Neither his counsel, liis
wife or child, nor his physician, unless the
counsel or the physician shall abuse that trust.
Mr. B URR. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, whether,when wc have get through
with Mr. Woolley, he will not be, to use a
military expression, "bottledup." Laughter.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I do not de-
sire to enter into any of these controversies
in regard to this man, whether he has been
treated fairly or not, or whether it is wise he
should be held ; but I desire to say a word in
reference to the matter now before the House,
whether it is wise and proper and expedient
that we should undertake to interfere with this
man's correspondence, and say whether he
should receive letters from people outside, or
write them to people outside. Now, I am
aware ordinarily if a man is confined upon
some criminal charge it is not wise to allow him
to send wriiisn communications to persons
