1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
40th Cong....2d Sess.
The Funding Bill—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
terest with the voluntary consent of the hold-
ers of our securities; second, to make a dis-
tinct provision for the payment of the public
debt; and third, to give increased value to
United States notes, and to provide for a grad-
ual resumption of specie payments. All these
are objects admitted to be of the highest im-
portance. The only question is, whether the
measure proposed tends to accomplish them.
PRESENT CONDITION OF THE PUBLIC DEBT.
The body of our public debt consists maiuly
in the form of securities commonly known as
the five-twenty bonds. Nearly all of the debt
of the United States is either reduced already
to that form of security, or is reducible within
a very short period of time. Iliave prepared
a statement from the official documents show-
ing the amount and time of maturity of the five-
twenty bonds. There are of the first issue,
which became redeemable on the 30th of April,
1867, now outstanding $514,780,500. Of the
second issue there will be redeemable on the
31st of October of next year $129,443,800;
there will be redeemable on the 30th of June,
1870, $301,880,250, and on the 31st of Octo-
ber, 1870, _ $181,427,250. There are of the
seven-t'uirties, which have either been funded
into five-twenties or are in process of being
funded, something over $480,000,000, making
an aggregate of what might now be regarded
as five-twenty bonds of $1,613,442,650, of
which a little over $200,000,000 is yet in the
form of seven-thirties, and will be funded be-
fore the 1st day of July next. In addition to
this, there are of debts that are now matured,
or which will mature this summer, an aggre-
gate amounting to $106,042,949, the chief part
of which are the compound-interest notes and
the three per cent, certificates, making an
aggregate of $1,719,485,599, all of which are
either redeemable now or become so within
five years from this period ; the great body of
them, however, are ledeemable within the pres-
ent and the next year.
REDEMPTION OF THIS DEBT MUST NOW BE CONSIDERED.
The first question that arises, Mr. President,
is whether it is wise now to provide for the
redemption of these bonds. If wo were at
liberty to choose wc' have not the power to
choose. We are compelled to consider this
question. It is already made the_ subject of
political disputes. While it is being consid-
ered by us in Congress it is being considered
by the people, and it is daily discussed all over
this broad country as to how and when the five-
twenties shall be redeemed. Especially in the
West this has been made the subject of polit-
ical contention. I might show you by the res-
olutions of political parties, both Republican
and Democratic, that we cannot avoid or evade
this issue. We must meet it. I have here the
resolutions of both political parties in the State
of Indiana, both declaring that these bonds
ought to be paid in greenbacks and diS'ering
only as to the limit of greenbacks. I have also
resolutions adopted in different parts of the
country. The tendency of the Democratic
party is to drift into apolitical declaration that
these bonds shall be paid in greenbacks; and
great masses of patriotic men all over the
country of the political faith to which the ma-
jority of the Senate belong have come to the
same conclusion. We are, therefore, com-
pelled to consider this question. It will be
made the basis of every election next fall in
nearly all the northwestern States. No man
can be elected to Congress unless he commits
himself for or against this proposition. There-
fore we are not at liberty to choose whether
or not we will consider this question.
Sir, it was the first topic that was introduced
into this session of Congress in both Houses.
My honorable friend from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] in a very elaborate speech, and
altogether the best yet presented on his side
of the case, introduced it on the first or second
day of the session. The same subject was
presented in the House of Representatives by
a distinguished Representative from the same
portion of the country, taking the opposite
view. It is now more discussed than any
other question except the question of recon-
struction. It must be met by us here, and in
anticipation of the movements of political
parties. If other Senators have not, I cer-
tainly have been overwhelmed with proposi-
tions of all kinds and character from every
part of the country, from every State in the
Union, proposing various schemes of finance
affecting the very question proposed to be dealt
with by this bill.
My own conviction was, that two years ago
this question ought to have been settled, and
the ground and character and mode and man-
ner of redemption of these bonds ought then
to have been settled. I addressed the Senate
on this subject on a bill containing similar
provisions to this, on the 22d of April, 1866.
I will read what I said then:
" No ft', Mr. President, the only additional ques-
tion I need present in this connection is: is this tho
time to fund tlio public debt? I say emphatically it
is. I boiieve we have wasted four or five precious
months in doing it. I believe that the process would
have been easier at the beginning of this session than
it will be now; and why? In order to fund the pub-
lie debt of the United States a large amount of cur-
rency is necessary; but it is necessary tor us to reduce
our currency as toon as possible. We cannot get
back to specie payments without some reduction of
tho currency. Every one desires to resume specie
payments. Befoie we return to specie payments
this debt ought to bo funded. It cannot bo funded
on as favorable terms after we leturn to specie pay-
ments. The very abundance of the currency obvi-
ously enables us to tund the debt at a low rate of
interest; and it is just and right, as this debt was
contracted upon an inflated currency, that upon that
same currency tho debt ought to bo funded in its
permanent form."
THE POLICY OF CONTRACTION.
Mr. President, I believe that most reflecting
men will now admit that if two years ago we
had adopted some provision, comprehensive in
its character, to fund the public debt and to
provide for the redemption of the five-twenty
bonds when they became redeemable, it would
have been wiser. At that time no portion of
them were redeemable. The first became re-
deemable about one year ago; but the whole
country was then filled with the idea of Mr.
McCulloch, that the only safety was in con-
traction, to get back to specie payments before
anything was done with the public debt; and
the policy was adopted of authorizing a con-
traction of the currency without any regard to
funding whatever. That policy was entered
into; and by the act of April 12, 186G, passed
against my earnest protest, we gave to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury almost unlimited power
over the currency and over the public debt.
We authorized him to convert every form of
indebtedness into any form of indebtedness
provided for by previous acts. There was no
other limitation upon his power over the public
debt or the currency except that he could only
reduce the greenback currency at the rate of
$4,000,000 per mouth. In every other respect
he had the most unlimited power. I have no
doubt that he exercised his power conscien-
tiously ; I have never thought otherwise;
but what has been the result? "Within two
years he contracted the legal-tender currency
$160,000,000, and the plain United States notes
over forty million dollars. He also converted
all the floating-currency debt into gold-interest
bonds. At the time this law was passed, April
12, 1806. the total amount of five-twenty bonds
was $606,000,000, and the great mass of the
debt was in what are called currency obligations,
the principal of which, undoubtedly, could
have been paid in currency. But conscien-
tiously believing, as he did, that the best way
to the resumption of specie payments was by a
rapid and steady contraction of the currency,
he entered upon the policy I have stated,
i Now, what has been the result? Why, sir,
in April, 1860, the price of gold was 125. It
had steadily declined from- the close of the war
| until it had reached its lowest point, I believe,
-in April, 1860, the very time of tho passage of
this law. What was the result? I do not at- s
tribute it all to that measure; but what was the 5
result? From that time to this gold has ad-
vanced, varying between 130 and 140, and has
never from "that day to this reached the price
at which it stood at the passage of the act; and
are we any nearer specie payments now than
we were then? Not at all. We have con-
verted our debt into a more oppressive form
of obligation. The interest of the great mass
of it is now payable in gold at tho high rate
of six per cent., and the bonds are less valu-
able in gold than then. I still think that if
we had looked rather to the funding of the
debt with the currency then afloat we could
have passed the whole of it into a five per
cent, instead of into a six per cent. loan. The
state of the money market from that day to
this justifies the assertion that the whole of this
maturing and redeemable debt might have been
converted at par into a five per cent, ten-forty
bond. If the bill I refer to had passed two years
ago a great part of our debt would have gone
into the five per cent, loan provided for by it,
and the country would have been saved many
millions of gold per annum, and would have
escaped the dangerous question now presented
to us.
FIVE-TWENTY BONDS—THE RIGHT TO REDEEM THEM.
Let us now consider the legal meaning of the
contract between the United States and the
holders of the five-twenty bonds.
Mr. President, this form of debt contains
one feature that was considered its chief virtue,
and that is the right of redemption after live
years. We all remember the time when this
first five-twenty loan was introduced. Up to
that moment the bonds that had been sold were
long bonds, payable twenty years after their
date, now called the bonds of'81; but in Febru-
ary, 1862, Congress, for the first time, upon the
recommendation of the then Secretary of the
Treasury, introduced the idea of retaining the
right to redeem the bonds after five years. That
provision was inserted in the act of February
25, 1862, by which after five years the United
States had the right to redeem the principal of
the bonds upon paying the amount of them.
The right of redemption was considered the
most favorable feature of that loan. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in his report to Con-
gress, said it was important to always retain
the right to redeem the principal debt with a
view at any time to take advantage of the
money market and reduce the rate ot interest;
and he proposed, and upon his recommenda-
tion Congress concurred in the idea, that in
future loans a short time should be fixed after
which the debt might be redeemed, while a
longer time was fixed within which the debt
must be paid. This was a valuable privilege
reserved by the United States for a valuable
purpose. We were then engaged in war, and
by the experience of nations it was known that
during war we must submit to hard and exact-
ing terms in order to borrow money: but the
right to get better terms was reserved at the
end of five years.
HO^V FIVE-TWTCNTTTES ARE REDEEMABLE.
Now, the question arises, how may these five-
twenty bonds be redeemed? Four different
modes have been suggested, in regard to each
of which I intend to make a few observations:
First. That these bonds mav be paid, the
principal in gold, at any time alter five years.
Sccond. That these bond? may be paid b^a
new issue of legal tenders similar in character
to the kind issued when they were sold.
Third. That either by selling a new bond or
by levying taxes we may draw into the Treas-
ury existing United States notes, and with those
pay off or redeem the five-twenties.
Fourth. The plan suggested by the commit-
tee of giving to the holder of the bond at his
option tho right to take another bond bearing
a less rate ol interest.
Mr. President, let me briefly present the
view taken of these different propositions. Is
