1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1681
Justice of the United States has been sitting in
the Supreme Court and in this Chamber since
eleven o'clock this morning without an oppor-
tunity to leave his chair. 1 think it is due to
linn and to the Senate that we should now ad-
journ, and settle this question to-morrow morn-
ing. 1 therefore make that motion,
Air. HOWARD. What is the motion?
Mr. GRIMES. To adjourn until to-mor-
row.
Mr. HOWARD. To adjourn what until
to-morrow?
Mr. GRIMES. This court.
Mr. HOWARD. Wo have a rule by which
the Senate, sitting for the trial of an impeach-
ment, may adjourn itself, and still the ordi-
nary business of the Senate continue, so that
we may relieve the Chief Justice without
adjourning the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. My motion is that the court
adjourn unlil to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the proper mo-
tion would be that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of legislative business.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The court must
first adjourn. Senators, you who are in favor
of adjourning the court until to-morrow at one
o'clock will say "ay," and those of the con-
trary opinion will say "no."
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE thereupon declared
the Court adjourned until one o'clock to-
morrow, and vacated the chair.
legislative session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore resumed the
chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I Relieve that motion is
not m order. I think, when the Senate pro-
ceeds to the consideration of legislative busi-
ness, the proper course is- 
Mr. SUMNELt. The motion is in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator from
Michigan cannot get the floor to move an ad-
journment. I had the floor when we proceeded
to the business of impeachment; ana when we
resume our legislative session I am entitled to
• the floor.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
to adjourn is in oider if the Senator making
the motion had the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I submit to the ruling of
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves that the Senate do
iiow adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 5, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. M. P. Ivenney, of Rockford, Illinois.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The House will_ resume,
as the first business in order, the consideration
of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) rela-
tive to R. R. Butler, a Representative-elect
from the State of Tennessee ; on which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Chanler] is
entitled to the floor.
impeachment of tiie president.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a resolution of the Legislature of the
Slate of Maine, in regard to the impeachment
of the President of the United States; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
heirs of general d l clinch.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to move the ap-
pointment of a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
bill (S. No. 308) for the relief of the heirs of
'the late General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased.
40th OoNff. 2d Sess.—No. 106.
If there be no objection I should be very glad
if the House would recede from its amend-
ment.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to move, then,
that the House insist ou its amendment, and
ask the appointment of a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. HARDING. I desire the reference of
the bill to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the bill will not be
again referred. Let it go to a committee of
conference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] asks unanimous consent
that Senate bill No. 808, for the relief of the
heirs of the late General Duncan L. Clinch,
deceased, be taken from the Speaker's table,
that he may move the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference. Is there objection?
Mr. HARDING. I object.
treatment of emigrants.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions of a meeting of German
citizens he'd in Cincinnati, Ohio, with refer-
ence to the treatment of emigrant passengers
on shipboard ; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
chief justice 01' the united states.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 801) relating to the
Supreme Court of the United States; which
was read alirst and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ELIOT, lask that the bill be read.
The bill, which was read, provides that in
ease ofthe removal of the Chief Justice of the
Supremo Court of the United States from
office, or his death, resignation, or inability to
discharge the powers and duties of the office,
the same shall devolve upon the associate
justice of the court whose commission is senior
m time, and such associate justfte shall be
Chief Justice until such inability shall be re-
moved or another appointment shall be duly
made and a Chief Justice duly qualified.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask that the committee may
have leave to report at any time after the
morning hour.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
light-house at keyport, new jersey.
Mr. HAIGHT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce:
Whereas it is reported that from forty to fifty ves-
sels a day, employed 111 commerce on the ltaritan
bay, go in and out ot the cove upon which Keyport is
located find that much of the business, and that
winch is most valuable, is done at night, and that the
growing commerce ot Keyport and that which is ern-
ptoyi d upon Matawan creek demands the erection
of a light-house at Cliffwood, m Monmouth county,
New Jersey: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the necessity of erecting a
light-house at said point to meet the demands of the
increasing commerce on Kuiitanbay, and to that end
request tile Light-House Board to furnish to the
committee any tacts or information in their posses-
sion upon the necessity of said light-house; and fur-
ther, if additional information be required by the
committee, they bo authorized to instruct the Light-
House Board to have an examination made and re-
port the facts to said committee, and that the Com-
mittee on Commerce report to the House by bill or
otherwise.
enrolled bill.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled Senate bill No. 237,
in relation to the promulgation of the laws of
the United States; when the Speaker signed
the same.
articles of impeachment.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, and under the law referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House three thousand additional copies of the arti-
cles of impeachment adopted by the House.
james p. deck.
Mr. HUNTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. It. No. 862) for the relief
of James P. Beck, administrator of the estale
of James P. Beck, senior, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
sale of revenue steamers on the lakes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 ask unanimous consent
to present in open House a petition from my
constituents in reference to a matter now pend-
ing before the House in one of the appropria-
tion bills. It is short, and I ask it be read and
then referred to the Committee on Commerce.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read
as follows:
The undersigned, citizens of Erie, Pennsylvania,
respectfully protest against the sale of the revenue
steameis recently put in commission on the lakes on
the northern and northwestern frontiers:
1. Because we believe them to be of great service
to the Government in preventing and detecting
smuggling;
2. Because in the event of a foreign war they will
be ot great use in preserving the commerce of the
lakes;
Because they are of great use to the_ vessels en-
gaged in the carrying trade in times of distress; and
4, Because, it sold, it will be at a very great sac-
rilice.
In addition to the above it is stated as a fact that
imperial gunboats will he ready in the spring for
service on the lakes.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
postal laws.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 860) to amend and
construe certain postal laws ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
national art union association.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 864) for the incorpo-
ration ofthe National Art Union Association ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
overland mail contract.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution ofthe House, copies
ofthe contract with Benjamin Holliday to carry
the mails from the end of the Union Pacific
railroad to Denver City ; which were referred
to the Committee on tile Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
sou til carolina convention.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
South Carolina, tendering thanks to Congress,
Secretary Stanton, and General Grant for their
patriotic course; which were ordered to be
printed, and laid on the table.
funeral of an ex-memi3i5r.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been re-
quested by several members to state that the
funeral of the late Hon. Portus Baxter, of
Vermont, for several years a highly valuable
member of this House, will" take place at his
late residence, corner ot Eighteenth street
and G, on Sunday, at three o'clock, to which
members of the House and others are invited
without further invitation.
special agents of the post office.
Mr. NEWCOMB. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be. and is
hereby, directed to communicate to this House the
names of all speeinl agents of the PoPtJJfficc Depart-
ment appointed since January 1,18G7; the salarie-
paidto each agent, and the place where employed,
and also the names of all persons to whom compli-
mentary commissions as special agents ot said Des
partment have been issued, and the reasons therefor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that information
has been furnished. I therefore object.
washington gas-light company.
Mr. RAITM, by unanimous consent, offered
