1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
the Secretary of the Interior should locate a |
site for the jail on the public grounds, and the
predi-eessor of the present Secretary of the
interior did select a location, but Congress
afterward pa>sed a joint resolution directing
him to relocate it on grounds belonging to the
Government; and in pursuance ot that joint
resolution the present Secretary changed the
location to the present site. He proceeded in ,
conformity with the joint resolution of Con- l
gross, and perhaps made about as good a selec- j
tion as could be made, all things considered. 1
But it is questionable whether the House of j
Representatives will be satisfied to have the l
fail coiu-tructed on the present site, which is j
oil the corner of Virginia and New Jersey
avenues, in the immediate vicinity of that wing
of the Capitol, and perhaps its proximity to
the Capitol  !
Mr. GRIMES. How near is it? !
Mr. HARLAN. Within a square or two, I
think. I believe it would impress any observer
unfavorably to see a jail constructed on the
present site; but I do not know that the Secre-
tary could have selected a better site under
the provisions of the joint resolution which
Congress enacted for his government. It is
true some things have been said about the loose
manner in which this contract has been given.
The law provided that this building should not
cost in the aggregate a sum exceeding two
hundred thousand dollars. On examining the
contract the committee ascertain that it has
been given out in detail—so much per thousand
for brick, so much per perch for rock, and so
much for carpenter work, according to the
rules observed by carpenters in the city : and
they think that it may vastly exceed this sum
if it should unfortunately fall under the super-
vision of parties who might not be as much
intert?sted in public economy as the members
of Congress are supposed to be. On that ac-
count the sub-committee thought it best to
suspend the work until the whole question can
be thoroughly examined. The probability is
that Congress will change the site. The con-
tract may not be interfered with ultimately.
If it should appear to have been given out with
proper care with reference to economy, it may
be that the committee will not recommend any
disturbance of the contract, but I think it very
probable that their united judgment will be in
favor of changing the location.
I think there can be no great damage to the
contractor, as that kind of work cannot be
prosecuted at this season of the year with much
rapidity, and perhaps it ought not to be prose-
cuted at all. In my country it is not thought
that masonry will endure very well that is put
up in the winter time, being subjected to the
weather that usually occurs at this season of
the year. Perhaps a foundation laid in mortar
at this time would not be a firm and reliable
foundation on which to erect a building of this
kind. If the workmen are at present at work,
as I infer from the remarks of the Senator from
Maryland, that would be a reason for the pas-
sage of the resolution rather than for opposi-
tion to it.
I cannot see any great damage that will grow
out of this resolution. Of course, if Congress
should ultimately change the location, the con-'
tractors would be entitled to proper compensa-
tion forthe losses they may incur. Butthe more
money that is invested preceding this change
of course the worse it will be for the Govern-
ment if the change should ultimately take
place, as I deem to be almost certain from the
expressions of opinion that I have heard from
members of the other branch of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know before
where this jail was to be located according to
the decision of the Secretary of the Interior,
and I am surprised to learn that it is in the
immediate vicinity of the Capitol. I think
under the circumstances it would certainly be
important to stop the work until that question
of location can be decided. It is very well
known that we desire to extend the Capitol
grounds. We must do so. If we extend them
one square, as has been heretofore decided, as
I understand, the grounds will come up directly
to this jail; the jail will be exactly on the edge )|
of the Capitol giounds; but if we extend two i|
squares—as 1 hope we shall do, and think we !
ought to do by and by—it would then be inside
of the Capitol grounds. Therefore for that i
reason alone, if for no other, we should not
allow this site to be occupied for a jail until
that question is decided. If we extend the
grounds only one square, this would be an ,
improper place for a jail. As no great harm
can come from stopping the work at present |j
until we can see what the decision is on that j
point, I hope it will be done. , |
Mr. NYE. There seem to be two reasons j
rendered for this legislative interference. The
one suggested by the Senator from TS'ew Hamp- j
shire is possible fraud in the letting of the cou- ,
tract. The one suggested by the Senator from
Iowa is the probable change of the location of j
the jail. I do not know which is right. Both i
are perhaps right, as a Senator suggests. If j
it be the latter I think this resolution ought to !
be changed in its phraseology. Here is a con- i
tractor who has gone to the location selected
'by the officer designated by Congress to locate
this jail. He has made his outlays on his con-
tracts and has his men employed. This is the
20th day of the month. The payment of the
workmen under these contracts generally takes
place on the last of the month. Am I right?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know how that is.
Mr. NYE. Now, by this resolution the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is directed not to pay
any money to this man. who has acted in perfect
good faith, so far as the objection of the Sen-
ator from Iowa is concerned, and has employed
a large number of men, until further legislation
is had on ihis subject, or not within forty days.
We have got the hard end of the winter first,
| and to turn off the men that are employed
j without their pay for this month it seems to me
would be cruel in its operation.
If there is any fraud in this contract I think
this sub-committee ought to have ground upon
which to base it that is tangible and pre-
sentable to this body before such action as this
is had. I know how easy it is to cry "fraud."
We all know that a single intimation of fraud in
a bill passed would cause it to be repealed in
an hour by both branches, when upon an exam- |
ination you might find that there was really no ,
ground for such a suspicion.
There is another view to be taken of this j
subject, and that is, the economical one. Men !
always make large prospective profits in these
contracts, and if they are stopped in their work
the damages which Congress will have to make ;
an appropriation to pay will be quadruple and
the proof will be ample on that subject. Such
damages will be very large compared with the
amount it will cost to let them go on even if
the work be stopped at the end of ten or twelve
days when this matter shall have been examined.
The records of this Senate arc not barren on
the subject of the claims for prospective profits
thfit contractors might have made if they had
been allowed to go on. I doubt, as a matter
of economy, whether the legislation proposed
here is wise, especially resting upon a hypothe-
sis so difficult to prove as that one of the heads
j of the Departments of this Government would
; be guilty of fraud in the letting of a contract.
! I think the suggestion unfair, unless it is well
founded. I think, above all, that that portion
of the resolution which prohibits payment for
| labor already done is hard upon the employers
1 and may be hard upon the employes. 1 there-
I fore hope, as I have no doubt the reason stated
I by the honorable Senator from Iowa for the
j passage of this resolution is the true one—that
■ Congress desire to change the location of this
| jail—that the Secretary may be allowed at least
to pay for the work done up to the present time,
i If that be the true reason for this legislation 1
i insist upon it that Congress should not say that
' these poor laborers shall go without bread for
forty days or until Congress can determine the
question as to the change of the location of
this jail.
Possibly, sir, the location of this jail may
have been purposely made in view of the great
frauds here in stationery that we heard dis-
cussed yesterday. [Laughter.] The Secretary
of the Interior may have thought it. wise that
members of Congress should have this constant
admonition in their view ; that less penknives
would be taken and less paper used here if the
jail was in sight. [Laughter.] If the state-
ments that we heard yesterday are true, it will
perhaps become a grave question for Congress
and a grave question for the country whether
there ought not to be a jail not only in sight
of the Capitol, but one positively inside of it
and all around it; and in that view of the case
I insist upon it that delay is dangerous to the
public, and the jail should go up immediately.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. The
argument of my friend from Nevada seems to
be that it is cheaper to let the thief keep what
he has got than to arrest him and bring him to
justice.
Mr. NYE. No; but the honorable gentle-
man will allow me to suggest that we have not
the least evidence that there is a thief about it.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. The
Senate may not have the evidence.
Mr. NYE. The Senate ought to have it if
they are going to act on the subject.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
But parties appeared before the committee and
stated that $10,000 had been paid to secure this
contract, and that they could give proof of it
which would satisfy any committee. That is
the way in which the matter stands. It is cer-
tain that the contract was not given to the low-
j est bidder, but to the highest bidder. Itiscer-
; tain, also, that the contract was let in detail
i and not in the aggregate, and that it will prob-
ably cost the Government some two or tltfee
hundred thousand dollurs to build the jail more
than was anticipated in the act when it was
passed. The limit contained in the act is
$200,000, and it will probably cost $500,000
before the jail is completed.
Then the location also comes in as another
matter. Here is to be a jail on the south of
the Capitol, the side next to the House of
Representatives, and a poor-house, as I under-
stand, is to be on the Senate side. [Laughter.]
Now it is rather suggestive 
Mr. NYE. I think the location of the poor-
house is a good one. [Laughter.] I have no
objection to that.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. In
view of these charges of fraud and the impropri-
ety of placing a jail just under the droppings of
the Capitol, it was thought better by the com-
mittee to arrest the proceedings until such time
as all the parties could be seen and heard.
Mr. THAYER. Where is the location?
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. On
New Jersey avenue.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is proper, I think, that
I should say, after what lias fallen from the
honorable member from New Hampshire, that
the contractor is one of the most respectable
builders in the city of Baltimore, and I never
heard the slightest imputation on his charac-
ter. He has been a builder there for a great
many years, and has always sustained a very
high character for integrity, as well as for ca-
pacity in hjs particular calling. I do not know
how the building is to cost more than two hun-
dred thousand dollars, because 1 take it for
granted the contract which has been entered
into between the Department,and the contractor
is to erect the building for that sum. Ihe Sec-
retary would hardly have left the sum for which
the building was to be erected without limita-
tion, or have disregarded in the limitation the
express limit imposed by the act of Congress.
It is verf possible, for the reasons stated by
the honorable member from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
senden,] that a better site might have been
selected, looking to the condition of the public
buildings, but if he has made an improper
selection that ought not to affect the contractor.
Now, I suggest to the honorable member from
Iowa that he leave the limitation proposed by
the honorable member from Illinois to stand
