1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3729
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, tor the benefit ot the several oenevo-
leut institutions and charitable societies in the Dis-
trict ot Columbia in full for deficiencies in the fiscal
year just ended, and tor the purposes herein speci-
fied for the fiscal yenr ending J une 30,1869, namely:
Go\ eminent Hospital for the Insane:
For the support, clothing, medioal and moral treat-
ment of the uiSiineof the Army  nd Navy and reve-
nue-cutter service, and of the indigent insane of the
District ot Columbia in the Government Hospital for
the Insane, including $300 lor hooks and stationery
and incidental expenses, $90,500.
For finishing, furnishing, lighting, and heating the
unfinished part of the east wing of the mam hospital
edifice, $7,000.
For the purchase, by the Secretary of the Interior,
for the agricultural purposes of the institution, one
hundred and lorty-eight acres, more or less, oi land
lying directly eabt of the present grounds of the hos-
pital. and separated from them by the public road,
$23,000. _ „ , ^ .
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb:
For tho support ot the. institution, in addition to
the existing appropriation to meet the increased
expense ot maintaining pupils 'whose admission was
authorized by an act of Congress approved March 2,
18(57. $3,000. , , .
For continuing the workupon the buildings of the
institution, in accordance with plans heretofore sub-
mitted to Congress, $48,000.
For the support ot the institution, including ^1,000
for books and illustrative apparatus, $25,000.
For the proper inclosure, improvement, and en-
largement of the grounds of the institution, in
accordance with plans heretofore submitted to Con-
gress, $5,600.
Provided, That hereafter the United States shall
be represented in the board of trustees of said Insti-
tution for the Deat and Dumb by three trustees, to
bo appointed at the beginning of each Congress, as
follows: one Senator in Congress, to be appointed
by the President of the Senate, and two Represent-
atives to be appointed by the Speaker of the House
of Representatives: And provided further, That no
part of the real or pe sonal property now held or
hereatt- r to bo acquired by said last-named institu-
tion shall at any time be sold, aliened, or conveyed
away, or in any manner used, except for the pur-
poses of said deaf and dumb institution, without the
express assent of the Congress of the United States,
fir-t had and obtained through an act of Congress
duly passed and approved: And provided further,
That «omnehot theactof February 16,1857,asallows
the pa.vm«-nt ot $150 per annum ior the maintenance
of each pupil admitted from the District of Colum-
bia and from the Army and Navy be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-m
Asylum:
For the purchase of land and erecting buildings to
take the place of the premises now used, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, $60,000.
For the support of the asylum, over and above the
proba ble amount which will be received from inde-
pendent or pay patients, $15,000.
For thecomp etion ot the Providence Hospital, m
"Washington city, District of Columbia, $30,000.
For the National Soldiers'and Sailors'Orphans'
Home, m the city of Washington, Di3trictof Colum-
bia, $10,000.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that these appropriations are
the subject of two other sepaiate appropriation
bills of which the gentleman from Ohio [M.r.
Spalding] has given notice. They do not
belong to this bill, and the gentleman has a
right to go into the Committee of the Whole
upon those bills, and as we have closed debate
it is unjust, unfair, and unparliamentary to
consider ih*se matters now.
Mr. SPALDING-. Mr. Chairman, the ob-
jection that it is unjust, unfair, and unparlia-
mentary to offer this amendment comes with
an ill grace from the gentleman from Illinois.
I introduced, by direction of the Committee
on Appropriations, in February last two small
bills appropriating money for benevolent insti-
tutions in the Districtof Columbia, and by rea-
son of objections interposed by the gentleman
from Illinois they have been delayed till this
moment. I am afraid they will not come in
at ail, hence I avail myself of this opportunity
to wash my hands of this whole matter. I am
in favor of carrying out these appropriations
for the District of Columbia, and I appeal to
gentlemen to support me in ray endeavor to
get these appropriations pas'sed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I just
■made a suggestion to ray friend to move to lay
aside the other business in Committee of the
Whole, and take up his two bills in committee
after this bill is disposed of.
Mr. SPALDING. If that is the under-
standing 1 will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made
that suggestion to the gentleman before he
offered his amendment.
40th OoNf*. 2d Sess.—No, 224.
Mr. SPALDING-. I will agree to that.
Mr. BLAINE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line three hundred and
forty-eight:
For supply of deficiency in payment for material
for gates for Judiciary Square Hospital, 886S.
The Surgeon General has written a letter on
this subject in which he says there is that
amount due, and the special appropriation being
exhausted and the accounts of the disbursing
officer being closed it will be impossible to pay
the contractor except by special appropriation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that appropriation
will be allowed. The communication from the
Surgeon General came to me, as chairman ot
the Committee on Military Affairs, yesterday a
little too late to offer the amendment in the
proper place. So I put the matter in the hands
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blalnk. ]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I agreed to
allow the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Law-
rence] to go back to page 4 and insert au
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I reserve an objection
until I hear the amendment read.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. 1 moveto insert
at the end of line seventy-four the following :
Provided, That nothing herein shall be con-trued
to ratify, confirm, or recognize the validity ot auy
treaty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not see that that
has any applicability here, or that there is any
necessity for it. I object, therefore, to going
back.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman will allow me to be heard.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend by adding, as a new section, what I
send to the Chair.
Thfe Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be allowed and paid, to the same classes ot officers
and other persons in the civil service of the United
States Government at Washington embraced in the
joint resolution of Congress entitled " Joint resolu-
tion giving additional compensation to ecrtaia em-
ployes in 'he civil service of the Government at
Washington," passed February 28,1867, an additional
compensation on their respective salaries as fixed by
law, or where no salary is fixed by law, upon their
pay respectively, from and alter I he 30th day of Juno,
1867, to the 3Cth day of June, 18G8; including, also,
such persons as have been employed in any capacity
in any otthe Departments, and tbo watchmen oa the
Dome of the Capitol and in the Capitol groonds, tno
inspector of marble, and the foreman of mechanics
at woik on the Capitol extonbion and the watchmen
in sa d extension, whether infide or our, and 10 the
employes of the jail; and to include not only tnoo©
now in survice, but those who have at any time dar-
ing said year been in service, as follows:
To all tho-e whose annual compensation does not
cxceed 81,400 an increase ot fifteen per cent, upon the
amount ot their compensation.
'J'o all those whose annual compensation does not
exceed $1,600, but docs exceed $1,400, an increase ot
twelve and a half per cent, thereupon
Toall ihoso whose animal compensation does not
exceed $1,800, but does exceed $1,(500, an increase of
ten percent, thereupon.
And a sufficient sum to pay the same is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, I shall not occupy my five minutes. A
word will be sufficient,. Some time ago we
passed a bill giving twenty per cent, additional
compensation to all whose salaries are under
$2,500; but a scare-crow—I think that is the
name—a scare-crow came on here from New
York and coursed over the ground one night,
and next day the friends of the bill scattered
like the antelopes of the mountains, scared to
death; the bill was defeated, and the scare-
crow went back to New York triumphant.
[Laughter.] Now, this amendment contains
less than one third the amount that was appro-
priated by that bill, and we can surely afford to
give this small pittance to these men. 1 have
heard it said that a good many of them are
married. ■ I saw a list of the unhappy men who
are married, [laughter;] and morethan three
fourths of those who will be benefited by this
amendment have that misfortune. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the words '' the mem-
bers of the Metropolitan police/'
Mr. BLAINE. That, is right.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, tbat is right. They
are the poorest paid men in the city of Wash-
ington or in the employ of the Government.
Mr. POLAND. The Metropolitan police
only receive ninety dollars a month, malting
$1,080 a year. Their original pay was sixty
dollars a month. We passt-d an act two years
ago giving them thirty dollars a month in addi-
tion, but it was to be paid by the cities of
Washington and Georgetown. They are paid
only sixty dollars a month by the General
Government,, and thirty dollars a month by the
citizens of Washington and Georgetown, mak-
ing ninety dollars a month. My proposition
seems to meet with such general favor that I
will not occupy further time in advocating it.
Mr. MULL1NS. While this is being done,
I notify the committee that at the proper time
I will move to amend the amendment by in-
serting a proposition that there shall be paid
back to each tax-paver to the United States
twenty per cent, of what he has paid siuce the
time to which this amendment goes back. You
propose to run your hands into the pockets ot
the hard-laboring people, who labor fourteen
hours a day, and take from what little wealth
they may have accumulated this twenty per
cent,., to be given to those who are laboring
under contracts only eight and nine hours a
day. 1 cannot see the justice of the proposi-
tion unless you intend to pay back twenty per
cent, to the tax-payers who are doing all within
their power to extinguish this debt which is
hanging on the body politic like a nightmare.
You propose to deplete the Treasury this much
and to stop this much from being used in the
extinguishment of the public debt for the pur-
pose of putting twenty per cent, in the pockets
of men who are laboring'under positive con-
tracts. Sir, if they are not receiving the amount
due to them, in the name of God pass a law to
increase their contracts. But they were legiti-
mately entitled to make contracts by law, and
they have seen fie to make contracts with the
Government, and if they are not satisfied let
them go out of office. 1 can find ten men to
one to fill their places. The country to-day is
coming here from every quarter asking for
offices; and if these men cannot live at the pres-
ent rates let us see if we cannot get men from
another quarter equally as guod, if not bwtter,
for the same or a less price. Propobitiunsliave
been made to me by men competent to (ill any
offices to fill these offices at a much less rate
than that at which they are now filled. And
now you propose to take this out of the pockets
of the people of the country who make their
living by night, who work from twelve to four-
teen hours a day.
Mr SPALDING. I would like to ask the
gentleman if he is willing to relinquish the
additional $2,000 a year which we put into an
appropriation bill for his benefit and mine for
the benefit, of the tax-payers of the country?
Mr. MQLL1NS. You did it yourself. I
was not here to slop it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of ilr.'PoLAKD, to include in the amend-
ment of Mr. Stevexs, of Pennsylvania, the
members of the Metropolitan police; and upon
a division there were ayes 14, noes 29.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. POLAND called fur telleis.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were six in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Polaxp] is
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Stevexs, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word,
had supposed that this proposition for increase
of salaries had been set at rest- by the action
of the House heretofore upon a similar prop-
osition. But it has come up to-day in a mod-
ified form. In the few minutes allowed rae
