3780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
under the rule I cannot say all upon this sub--
ject I would like to say.
Mr. Chairman, this Congress upon its organ-
ization promised the people that the expenses,
of the Government should be curtailed, and at
least a portion of the burdens they had so
patiently borne should be removed. For that
purpose, and with these objects in view, the
joint select Committee on .Retrenchment was
raised. Among the subjects committed to its
charge was the investigation of this very matter
of the pay of the clerks in the Departments.
I will not say with the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, of the
Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Eliot,] that
we have worked night and day, in season and
out of season. But I will say we have given
it every attention its importance demands, and
have found that many of these places are
nothing but sinecures, that many of the incum-
bents in other places are utterly worthless to
the Government, and as a whole the persons
for whose benefit this amendment is intended
are better paid than persons performing similar
service in any city in the United States. I
make the assertion here that nowhere can it
be shown that so large an amount of money is
paid for so small an amount of work. Not
only is the salary as large or larger, but these
clerks never work but six hours a day, and
oftener but four, against ten and twelve hours
in other places. Not only so, but most of
them are granted furloughs from one to two
months each year without any abatement of
salary for their absence from duty.
Early in the session the Committee on Re-
trenchment introduced into the House a reso-
lution calling on the Departments for informa-
tion as to the cost of this twenty per cent, for
the year ending July last. In answer to the
inquiry the following figures were furnished:
War Department  $345,402 62
Navy Department  47,015 17
T'reasuiy Department  647.3S4 67
Post Oliice Department  55,506 01
Interior Department  124,212 63
Patent Oltiee Department  31,203 02
State Department    17,380 60
Agriculture Depaitment  20,079 01
Executive Mansion, (ioji^t Survey, navy-
yard, Observatory, Aisenal, eity post
office, public buildings, Bureau of
lYeedmen, Capitol and Treasury ex-
tension, Attorney General, estimated... 50,000 00
Total $1,318,142 33
Nearly one million and a half dollars, Mr.
Chairman, of tlie hard earnings of the people
taken from the Treasury and distributed as a
gratuity. I will not say where the bulk of it
will finally go, for every gentleman on this
lloor well knows. Ask the proprietors of the
jewelry stores, the billiard saloons, the places
of amusement and debauchery, if they feel any
interest in the passage of this amendment.
This amendment proposes to go out and hunt
up every worthless drone who has been ex-
pelled from the Department for incompetency
during the year and give him an additional
twenty per cent. But, worse than that, several
pgrsons have been detected in criminal prac-
tices within the year and dismissed. Some of
them are now either in jail or held to bail to
answer for the crimes they have committed.
Lest there might be a few dollars of the peo-
ple's money left in your Treasury this amend-
ment calls up all such ; and you manifest your
benevolence by visiting the prisoner and min-
istering to him in his afflictions.
Mr. Chairman, these are but items of the
cases in which you are doing injustice to the
people in passing this amendment. If you
pass it, never again attempt a defense of your
extravagance before the people. Discharge
your Retrenchment Committee, and give loose
rein to every cormorant who seeks entrance to
your Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bexjamix] cer-
tainly cannot have heard my amendment read,
or he would not make the objection he does to
it. And I would ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Mullins] if it was not too delicate
a matter, and I will ask any gentleman hereto
state how he justifies receiving $5,000 a year,
in some cases for months before he was elected?
I hare heard of no scruples of conscience from
any one about that.
Mr. MULLINS. I will answer the gentle-
man. I take it by virtue of the law which you
yourselves passed, and which I never asked
you to pass. I dp not ask for any more than
the law gives me.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. So the
gentleman would take advantage of an unjust
law, while he would begrudge a pittance to
these poor people who have large families to
support.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. ELA. I move to amend the amendment
by adding the following:
And to all persons in the employment of the Gov-
ernment of the United States in the city of Washing-
ton whose compensation is below the sum of $1,200
per year there shall bo paid extra compensation at
the rate of twenty per cent, thereupon.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that if there
is any class of persons entitled to an increased
rate of pay under the provisions ofthe proposed
measure it is those who are compelled to labor,
not six hours a day, but ten hoursaday, or more.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
ven's] proposes to exclude from the benefits of
his proposition the employ6s of the Govern-
ment Printing Office; and for that reason I
protest against the adoption of his amendment,
i desire that they shall be included.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let me
say to the gentleman that I find upon inquiry
that the Superintendent of Public Printing has
the right at any time to add to the pay of the
employes of the Government Printing Office,
and that their compensation has already been
raised.
Mr. ELA. There is a law expressly prohib-
iting the Public Printer from paying to the
employ6s of the Government Printing Office
more than is paid in printing offices outside.
He is restricted in that way. Now, I repeat
that if there is any class of persons entitled to
the additional compensation of ten, fifteen, or
twenty per cent., it is those who are engaged in
the Government Printing Office, and also those
Government employ6s generally whose com-
pensation is less than $1,200 a year. The per-
sons employed in the Government Printing
Office work three or four hours a day longer
than those engaged in the Departments. The
men who receive less than $1,200 a year have
families to maintain as well as those who get
higher pay, and I protest against any legisla-
tion from the benefits of which they shall be
excluded. I undertake to say that the employes
of the Government Printing Office are gene-
rally competent to go into the Departments and
take clerkships and perform the duties of those
clerkships as well as they are performed by the
present incumbents.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does not the gentle-
man know that the pay of the employes of the
GovernmentPrintingOfficeisnotfixed by law,
but, is left to the discretion of the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing, and that he has already
raised their compensation thirty-three and a
third per cent, higher than that which is paid
for the like work anywhere else in the United
States ?
Mr. ELA. I know that the Superintendent of
Public Printing is, as I have stated, restricted by
the limitations of law as to the amount which
he shall pay. In addition to that, the employ-
ment of these printers will not average more
than ten months in the year, if it averages
nine-; and when they are out of employment
their pay is at once cut off. If they aie absent
from their work a single day a deduction is
made from their pay; and it'they are not in
attendance at the sound of the whistle they
lose a quarter of a day's pay. With the clerks
in the Departments the case is different. They
are absent for weeks and months at a time,
and no deduction from their pay is made. I
protest against this proposition for increased
pay unless it shall include those who work,
more hours per day and receive less pay than
those now included in the amendment.
Mr. Ela's amendment to the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
simply to say that the gentleman from New
Hampshire £Mr. Ela] altogether misunder-
stands my proposition. Under it those who
receive the lowest rate of pay, (whatever it
may be,) less than $1,400, will receive filteen
per cent, additional.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to move to strike
out all that part of the amendment which pro-
poses to give this increase of pay to persons not
now in the public service. If the pending propo-
sition should in its present form become a law
it will give this additional allowance to every
person who has been discharged from office,
no matter for what cause, though it may have
been a misdemeanor or a crime. The persons
now out of the public service whom this
amendment proposes to pay are scattered all
over the United States, so that it will be
almost impossible in many cases to discover
where they are and how much they are entitled
to receive. Besides that, as I have already
suggested, this proposition will pay them with-
out regard to their deserts or the cause by
which their connection with the public service
has terminated. The amendment, if I am not
mistaken as to its scope, is one which no gen-
tleman, when he properly understands it, can
support. A provision of this objectionable
nature was the chief thing that caused the
xeconsideration and rejection of the bill on
this subject heretofore passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the stateof the Union had, according
to order, had the special order under consid-
eration, being the amendments of the Senate
to House bill No. 605, making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses ofthe Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1869, and had directed
him to report the same back to the House rec-
ommending concurrence in some, non-concur-
rence in others, and concurrence in some with
amendments.
Also, that the committee had under consid-
eration House bill No. 1341, making appro-
priations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1808,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
leave of absence.
Mr. Dixox was granted leave of absence
until Thurday ; Mr. Getz until Tuesday ; and
Mr. Van Auken for one week.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the spe-
cial order. And pending that motion I move
that all general debate upon the pending sec-
tion be closed in two minutes after its consid-
eration shall be resumed by the committee.
Mr. INGEUSOLL. Say ten minutes.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say-
five.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not contemplate
that we would be called upon to vote on this
question of twenty per cent, in committee, and
that it should be decided without a quorum.
I thought the only amendments under consid-
eration were the Senate amendments to the
legislative, &e., appropriation bill. I desire
to withdraw unanimous consent to anyanange-
ment heretofore adopted.
The SPEAKER. It was adopted by unan-
imous consent; and the Chair knows no way
to rescind the order except by unanimous
consent.
