2706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
outside, or to receive communications from
persons outside without being subject to the
examination of his keeper. Why ? It is purely
and solely for the reason that he shall not con-
cert schemes with persons outside to effect his
escape. It has not been suggested there was
any apprehension, any danger felt that this
man was likely to escape from custody. Un-
less, therefore, there is something to be gained
in the way of obtaining what we desire from
this man, by way of examination, by way of
compelling him to answer the inquiries the
managers put to him, I do not see any neces-
sity or propriety, or decency even, in our under-
taking to say this man shall not have com-
munication, in the ordinary way by letter, with
persons outside. It is entirely idle and futile
for us to undertake to interfere.
The Speaker has already determined,;*yery
justly and wisely, as I think, that the witness
is entitled to see his counsel and communicate
with them in the absence of all other persons,
so that no person shall know what tne com-
munication is between them. If, therefore, he
desires to communicate with any person out-
side of his room, or to reccive information, the
door is entirely open botli to send and receive
communications. Therefore, whatwearecalled
upon now to do is entirely futile. It seems to
me of no use, no service whatever. We can-
not, by any possibility, advance the object or
produce the result for which we have this man
in custody in this way. Therefore it seems to
mo like a small business to undertake to inter-
fere with his communications.
A Member. Move to lay it on the table.^
Mr. POLAND. I liiovoto lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. BUTLEIt. I do not yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say, if I under-
stand this resolution, that I understand the gen-
tleman does not propose in any manner to
interfere with free communication betweeu
Mr. Woolley and his counsel. Am I right in
that ?
Mr. SUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I think the first
clause of the resolution is a little too narrow
in its construction, and that it will embarrass
the Sergeanl-at-Arms. I ask the first clause
to be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Rctolvetl, That the resolution relative to Charles
W. Woolley be so modified that the Scrgcant-at-
Arms shall determine only what vorbal and written
communications shall bo made to the witness, and
tliat 110 communication m writing or by telegraph,
except open communications, bo delivered to him or
from him, and that all scaled communications be
delivered to him through his counscl.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous con
sent to be allowed 
Mr. BUTLER. I have the floor.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman that I have a note sent to me from the
witness.
Mr. BUTLER. I object to any communi-
cation being made from a witness in con
tempt.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It relates to what the
gentleman said yesterday.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot go into a discus-
sion with a witness who is in contempt; there-
fore I decline to yield.
1 have now the telegram to which the
Speaker referred at the outset. It was sent to
me with this communication :
As the inclosed dispatch smacks of disloyalty to the
late managers, I do not under the resolution passed
to-day ieel that any but yourself should be its cus-
todian.
With much respect. C. W. WOOLLEY.
Hon. 33. i'. Butlkr. House of Representative?.
This is the inclosed dispatch:
Kew Yoek, May 29,1863.
Received at the Ilonse of Representatives, May 29.
0. W. Wooi-lev: Citizen and sovereign in prison
by order of tyrants aud cowards in the Capitol of
America; stand firm. Every true man in the land
who has blood in his veins will stand by you. It is
the last feather that breaks the camel's back.
GEORGE 0. JONES,
Metropolitan Hotel,
Now, then, gentlemen of the House of Rep
resentatives, as many of you as want this sort
of communication sent to the witness will vote
to allow him to receive unrestricted telegrams.
Mr. WOOD. What harm do they do?
Mr. BLAINE. I ask to be allowed to
explain.
Mr. BUTLER. I decline.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded as the matter now stands.
The question being put there were—ayes 40,
noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Butler and Eldkidge.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 52, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The question being put there were—ayes 30,
noes CO ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Boutwell and Marshall.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 20, noes 70.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to state a point and make a
privileged motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will hear it without
waiving the right to call the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the gentleman from Maine will state his propo-
sition.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered, and if that is done I then propose to
move the following substitute for the resolution:
Resolved, That tho resolution relatingtoCharleaAY.
Woolley, be so modified as to place the witnessin tho
usual custody of tho Sergeimt-at-Arms, subject to
the order of the House, aud that his counsel, family,
and physician have tree access to tho witness.
Mr. HIGBY. Does "free access" mean
without any person being present in the room?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes; when his wife or his
counsel shall visit him. I mean free access
in its broadest sense, as it pertains to inter-
views with his family and the intercourse
between counsel and client.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts accept, tho modification?
MivBIJTLER. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER, Then, if there be no ob-
jection, the resolution will be modified. The
Chair hears none. Does tho gentleman from
Wisconsin insist on the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay on the table?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. JONES. Is it in order to offer a sub-
stitute for the resolution?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent, as the previous question is operating.
Mr. HIGBY. I object.
Mr. WOOD. We do not object to the reso-
lution.
The question was taken on tho resolution ;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
miss yinnie 1113AM.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to present a priv-
ileged question, and preliminarily to intro-
ducing it I ask that a short preamble and res-
olution may be read ; and then I will ask the
indulgence of the House to make a very brief
statement, which I think will be satisfactory to
the entire House on both sides.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman want ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Probably not exceeding
five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
reported, and then the Chair will ask for objec-
tions.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas room "A" in the Capitol has for a con-
siderable time been in the possession of Miss \ innie
Beam, and occupied by her as a studio by the consent
of the House, and she has for more than a year been
engaged in modeling her statue of Lincoln, under
an order made fox* that purpose by Congress: and
whereas said statuo is now in such condition that it
cannot be removed at this time without the destruc-
tion thereof, as appears by the iollowing copy of a
letter addressed by her to tho Sergeant-at-Arms
Mr. HIGBY. I object to the resolution.
Mr! MARSHALL. I ask that it be read
through.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia has a right to object. _ _
Mr. MARSHALL. I submit that it is a
privileged question.
The SPE A.KE R. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Illinois that it certainly Js not
privileged. The resolution requires unanimous
consent, and the gentleman from California
objects.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make u statement not
exceeding five minutes.
Mr. PILE. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BUTLER. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] who desires
to give a notice to the House.
Mr. PERHAM. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a question of
order. My resolution, to which the preamble
is preliminary, has not yet been presented to
the House. I present it as a privileged ques-
tion, and I understand it to be the rule ol the
House that when a resolution is presented in
that way it must first be read to the House
before the Speaker decides whether it is priv-
ileged or not. That has been the ruling here-
tofore, and I ask that this preamble and reso-
lution be read, and that then the Speaker
shall rule whether it is of a privileged charac-
ter or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]—
and he will see at once the fallacy of his argu-
ment—that if he should present as a resolu-
tion of privilege a speech of one hour in
length, claiming that it was a question oi priv-
ilege, even though the first few sentences should
show that it did not relate at all to a question
of privilege, according to the argument of the
gentleman the House would be compelled to
listen to an hour's speech before the Chair
could rule it out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. The Speaker has not
heard the resolution, and cannot know what it
is until it is read to the House. I still insist,
and I think I cannot be mistaken in my recol-
lection in regard to the matter, that the Speaker
has, time and time again, held that a resolu-
tion must first be read through before he could
rule upon it and determine whether it was in
order or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so rule on
one occasion, when a member on the same
side of the House with the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] offered a resolution
as one of privilege. The opening part of the
resolution seemed to indicate that it involved a
question of privilege. Upon protest being
made upon the left of the Chair that it should
not be read in full, the Chair decided that it
should be read in full, so that he could ascer-
tain whether or not it was a question of priv-
ilege.
In reference to the resolution now presented
by the gentleman from Illinois, the Chair is of
opinion that it is one requiring unanimous eon-
sent for its consideration, except on Monday,
when the State of Illinois is called under the
call of States and Territories for resolutions.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do insist that this is a
resolution of privilege.
