1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
priation by inserting "except for the work '
already done."
Mr. HARLAN. I am inclined to think that
amendment ought not to be adopted. The
provision as it stands may work a temporary
hardship to the contractor; but such an amend-
ment. it' it should be adopted, would be so
latitudinarian that I think it would be almost
impossible to adjust the amount that might be
claimed by these parties. I can assure the
Senator that the committee will take action on
this subject at as early a day as practicable, so
that no unnecessary hardship shall grow out
of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see that any
mischief to the Government will result from
paving for the work already done. Suppose
we stop the work in the future permanently,
and no more work is done, can it be supposed
the Government will not be bound to pay for
the work already done ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the contract was
fraudulent I suppose the Senator from Mary-
land would not expect it to be paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who is to try that ques-
tion of fraud ?
Mr. TRL'MBULL. I do not know.
Mr. JOHNSON. One of the contracting
parties? That would not seem to be right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That question is not
yet before us. I do not know that there
is any fraud, but there is a suggestion of that
kind ; and it was with that view only that I
supposed a. temporary suspension was asked
for. It was not a very long period, and is at
a season of the year when probably not much
work is being done, and I presume not much
has been done.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand two or three
hundred hands are at work; and they have to
live during the forty days, and have nothing
to live on cxcept the wages of their labor.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The joint resolution were ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and was read the
third time.  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say one
word. I shall vote for this resolution upon
the simple ground stated by the honorable
Senator from Maine; and that is because I
believe the location of the jail, if it is so near ,
the Capitol as is stated, should be changed;
but as to the other suggestion which has been
mentioned in debate, that there is anything
which would in the slightest degree involve
the Secretary of the Interior in any impropri-
ety, I most earnestly protest that there is noth-
ing, in my judgment, which can lead any per-
son to believe or to suspect that any such thing
could exist. I
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It j
was not the purpose, I presume, of any mem-
ber of the committee to lay any charges at the
door of the Secretary of the Interior. Our only
object was to say that charges had been brought
before the committee, and we thought it best
to arrest all action until we could hear further
on that subject. We do not wish to lay any
charges ourselves to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior or any parties, but to arrest action until
the charges can be investigated.
The joint resolution was passed. !
DEFICIENCIES IN MILITARY APPROPRIATIONS, j
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced ;
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. ;
320) making appropriations to supply defi- i
ciencies in the appropriations for the execution
of the reconstruction laws and for the service
of the quartermaster's department, and for
other purposes.
The bill was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the bill (H. R.
No. 207) to provide for the exemption of cotton I
from internal tax. !
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will be passed
over informally for the present. There is
another bill from the District Committee, which
was reported two days ago, on which it is im-
portant to have action.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it about?
Mr. SUMNER. To regulate the selection
of officers in the city of Washington—a bill that
passed the other House at the last session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
take some action upon the cotton bill. It is
much more important to proceed with that and
dispose of it, and I trust the Senate will indulge
me in saying a few words in regard to the pend-
ing motion to postpone that bill.
Mr. WILLEY. Will the Senator allow me
to present a memorial ?
I Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
LABORERS AT TIIE SOUTH.
Mr. WILLEY. I have just been waited
upon by a committee of the constitutional
convention of Virginia, who have placed in my
hands a memorial that they are desirous shall
be presented to the Senate prior to its adjourn-
ment over the holidays, setting forth at large
divers and sundry grievances, and asking con-
gressional intervention if it be practicable.
Mr. COLE. I hope the memorial will be
read.
Mr. WILLEY. The memorial is not very
long, and I think perhaps it had better be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the memorial will be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a bad practice to
read memorials, and I must object to it now.
i The Senator can state its substance.
I Mr. WILLEY. Very well, sir. Among
many grievances I will simply recite one, that
terras of agreement are circulated in Virginia,
which the laborer is required to sign as a con-
dition-precedent to employment, binding him
to renounce his connection with all loyal asso-
ciations and either remain silent or act in the
opposition, thus combining the power of the
Government with the wealth of the citizen to
defeat the forthcoming constitution and every
measure looking to restoration on a loyal basis;
and certain other operations are stated which
they allege to be going on in the State of Vir-
ginia, all looking to a defeat of loyal recon-
struction in that State ; and they urgently desire
the attention of Congress to the premises, and
that relief shall be granted them if within the
power of Congress. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on the J udiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I move also that it be
printed. ,
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion, under the rules, will go to the Committee
on Printing.
COTTON TAX.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Senator from Ohio objects to my calling up the
bill to which I have referred?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; I would rather
go on with the regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course I shall not under-
take to antagonize this bjll with the bill of the
Senator. 1 have a strong desire to get action
on it to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no hurry about
that.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a good deal of
hurry about this bill relating to the District of
Columbia. Parties here are very anxious that
it should be acted upon. But, as I say, I do
not intend to interfere with the Senator if he
desires to go on with his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do desire to finish it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 207) to provide for the exemption
of cotton from internal tax is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a few
words to the Senate in regard to the motion
pending to postpone this bill. The motion
involves not only a postponement until Febru-
ary, although that is merely nominally the
motion, but it involves a postponement until
June. We know that in the ordinary course
of legislation the internal revenue bill will not
come to us until May or June. I believe that
has been uniformly so during the long sessions.
Two years ago the general internal revenue
bill came to us very late in June. If, then,
this question be postponed until February it
is substantially postponed until the internal
revenue bill comes over, and that will be a
very late period of the session. Now we have
more leisure and more time to examine this
independent question at this stage of the ses-
sion than we shall have at any other period.
We have had a very interesting and useful
debate for three or four days on the subject
of the cotton tax, and more facts have been
elicited in that debate than can be at a later
period of the session when the general revenue
measure will be pending.
I trust, therefore, the Senate will dispose of
the question at this time. The reason, and the
only reason, why I press it on the Senate now
is this : the opinion is uniform that it is indis-
pensable, both to the laborer and totheplanter,
that they should know precisely the tax that
is to be put on next year's crop in order to
enable them to make their contracts. About
half, perhaps more than half, of the cotton
crop is raised by contract between the laborer
and planter, by which the crop itself is divided,
and in the mean time certain advances are
made by the planter to support the laborer;
therefore nearly every bale of cotton is the
product of a joint contract between the laborer
and the planter.
Mr. JOHNSON. They are partners.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, they are partners in
the strict sense of the term. The right of the
laborer to a portion of the cotton continues
until it is sold and marketed and the proceeds
received, and then the laborer is charged with
his portion of the proceeds and the account is
adjusted. That usually occurs about this sea-
son of the year, just before the holidays. Cot-
ton requires nearly the whole year to produce
it. The ground is usually cleared in January
and the seed planted in February and March.
I am not familiar with the growth ; but that is
"the ordinary history of it. Within the next
ten or fifteen days it is usual to make contracts
to carry on the cotton plantations. Every
planter, therefore, must determine at this sea-
son of the year or within the next month how
many hands he will employ in planting cotton
and how many hands he will employ in plant-
ing corn. Usually there is a diversity of labor
on a plantation. The same hand will cultivate
so many acres in cotton and so many acres in
corn ; but it is necessary that the contracts
should be arranged during the month of Jan-
uary, usually immediately after the holidays.
It seems to me this furnishes a conclusive
reason why Congress now, when nothing is
pressing upon it, should settle this question.
In regard to the merits of this proposition I
have not anything to say more than I have
already said. We have three propositions
before us. I do not intend to debate them,
because the Senate are now better advised
on this question than they will be probably at
any other stage of the session. We have three
propositions before us. One is to reduce the
tax to one cent a pound; another is to suspend
the operation of the tax during the next year
alone; another is to repeal the tax entirely.
There are other propositions, it is true, to apply
the tax to the present year ; but laying those
aside for the present, we have those three prop-
ositions, all simple and distinct, and every Sen-
ator no doubt has made up his mind on them.
That the present tax is onerous, oppressive,
unjustifiable in any sense, I believe is conceded
by every Senator on the floor. There is not a
single Senator here who has not admitted that
the present tax is oppressive. My friend over
there [Mr. Morrii.i., of Vermont] shakes his
head.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At present prices.
Mr. SHERMAN. The idea that when a
