1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
40th Cong. ..2d Sess.
The Funding Bill—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
to the amount of $500,000,000, and to dispose of them
for coin or United States notes at the market value
thereof. In the same act authority was given to issue
$150,000,000 in United States notes, wixioh authority
was afterward enlarged to $Z50,000,000; and it was
provided that any holder oi such notes to the amount
of fifty dollar?, or any multiple of fifty, might ex-
change them for live-twenty bonds at par.
" The effect of these provisions was to make nego-
tiations of considerable amounts impossible; for con-
siderable amounts are seldom taken, except with a
view to resales at a profit, and resales at any profit
are impossible under the law."
Then he goes on to say:
"The Secretary respectfully recommends the re-
peal of both these provisions. The first imposes, it
is believed, a reatiiotion which Congress did not in-
tend; and the second has been followed by theincon-
veniences which were feared rather than by the
benefits which were expected."
Then he goes on to say:
"Should Congress, however, be of opinion that
these clauses should be retained, it will be necessary
to provide lor other laws, at rates more favorable to
the takers than conveilibility into five-twenties.
This can be done cither by authorizing bonds at
longer time or by iiieieaMiig the rates of interest
offered.
"The Secretary cannot recommend either course
except as an alternative to no provision at all."
My friend from Maine [Mr. Fessexden] will
remember that when we were called upon to
consider this question we had to choose be-
tween three alternatives: the repeal of these
restrictions which prevented the sale of five-
twenty bonds, or selling the bonds at a higher
rate of interest, or selling them below par.
We all remember that. The Senator from
Maine, in reporting the bill, stated these alter-
natives. Finally, alter long consideration—
for the subject was debated over and over
again—the Committee 011 Finance agreed upon
the act to which I will now refer, the act of
March 3, 18G3. That act repealed the limit as
to the amount of circulation and raised it to
§450,000,000 ; and it also took away the right
to convert, which the Secretary said was the
other restriction that prevented the sale of the
bonds; and by an ingenious device, suggested
by the then Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer,] it was proposed to limit to the holders
of the outstanding greenbacks the right to con-
vert them up to the 1st of July then next; but
if they did not do it by that time the right was
to cease. By this legislation in the act of
March 3,1803, the limitations which prevented
the sale of the first five-twenty bonds were
repealed, and then, for the first time, this loan
was taken. Then it was that an agency was
organized and means were taken to spread
these bonds all over the country, and they
were sold ; but they were not sold until these
restrictions were removed, and they were sold
upon a basis of ip450,000,000, without the right
of redemption, with no privilege whatever
except that of being receivable in payment of
taxes. That was the state of the law upon
which the legal right of the holders of the
five twenties rests. They refused to buy these
bonds upon the terms of the act of February
25, 1802. They did buy them under the act
of March 3, 1803; and it is idle to rest their
claims upon restrictions repealed before tlieir
bonds were issued.
I wish to read a little further, to show that
the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Chase, a
year afterward, in December, 1863, in his
report, again stated that Congress, having re-
lieved him from the restrictions of the act of
1862, enabled him to sell the five-twenty bonds.
He says:
"On that day, March 3.1833. the act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Government
received the approval oftlie President and became
]aw. In addition to various provisions for loans, it
contained clauses repealing the restrictions afteeting
the negotiation of the five-twntiea, and thus dis-
engaged that important loan from the embarrass-
ments w icii had previously rendered it almost una-
vailable."
Then he goes on and says that every dollar
of it was sold in a short time, presenting a
remarkable case of success; but it was not
sold, as my friend from Vermont says, under
the act of February 25, 1862, On the con-
trary, there was an utter failure to sell the loan
under that act. It was sold under the subse-
quent law which repealed the restrictions of
the act of 1862, and it was sold upon a basis
of currency amounting to S4o0,0U0,000, and
when the notes had been so depreciated by our
legislation, purposely, for wise purposes, when
the right to fund was taken away, and no right
was given to these notes except to be paid to
the Government in the-way of taxes.
as to representations by ac-ents.
Now, Mr. President, there is another point
in the argument of my friend from Vermont
that is much more difficult to answer. It is
true—and he has collated the proof in his
speech very well—that the various agents of
the Government stated that these bonds would
be paid in coin, and that creates the embar-
rassment in regard to this matter that has
always affected my mind more than any legal
difficulty in the way ; because I think the na-
tion is not only bound to observe the law, but
itis bound to pay areasonable degree of respect
to the representations made at the time these
bonds were sold. It is true, as matter of law,
that no agent could vary the contract; that
every man who bought these bonds bought
them upon the face of the law, and not upon
the mere advertisements of agents; still every
wise legislator would consider the extent of
those representations and how far they affected
the public mind.
It has been sometimes said, and my friend
from Vermont said that this was done, and
Congress silently acquiesced. Congress never
acquiesced in it. Congress was not m session
when any portion of this loan was sold. We
adjourned on the 4th of March, 18G3, and did
not convene here until the December follow-
ing, and within that time all these bonds were
sold. The silence of the subsequent Congress
could not change the contract which was made
in March, 1803, and has no effect upon the case. •
The first reference made by the Senator from
Vermont is to the decision of Secretary Chase
on the payment of the Texas bonds in Decem-
ber, 1862. The Senator m his speech states
this decision too strongly. He says that the
Secretary of the Treasury then decided that
the legal-tender clause did not apply to Gov-
ernment securities. Now. I will iead the de-
cision of the Secretary. I readfiom his letter
of January 5, 1803, in reply to a resolution of
the House of Representatives. He states that
he concluded to pay this loan in coin for these
reasons:
"My judgment was determined in favor of pay-
ment in com, lint merely by tho weighty considera-
tions growing out of its beneficial influences on
public credit, but by the circumstance that X found
myseif able to obtain the needed specie at a cott so
small thai, payment in coin wo?, in iact, a less incon-
venience to the Treasury and aless interference with
payments to and for the Army and N.ivy than pay-
ment in notes would have been. The whole amount
of com required was advanced by moneyed ini-titu-
tions, most of winch, it is believed, had no interest in
the loan, nor any interest in the transaction, except
what arise1; from the general support of tile public
credit; and tho advance was made without premium
and at an interest of four per cent., and i  not to be
called for until it can he reimbursed from receipts
from customs, dedicated by act of Congress to the
payment of interest and to the redemption oi the
principal of the public debt.
In this decision there is no reference what-
ever to the right to redeem the new debt in
cuirency. It was an old debt, and he merely
paid it in gold because he thought that would
have a beneficial effect on_tlie public credit
and because he could negotiate tor a loan of
gold at a cheaper rate and on more favorable
terms than for a loan of paper. Even if the
question had been so decided in that ease it
would apply to no loan except one which was
issued before legal tenders were thought of.
The only decision furnished by the Senator in
his ample collections of the representations
made by the officers of the Government (which
after all, it seems to me, are rather bare) was
a letter which he introduced signed by George
Harrington, Assistant Secretary, dated
26, 1863, pending this loan, and a letter of
Mr. Field, also Assistant Secretary. Mr. Har-
rington said in his letter:
" The five-twenty sixes, payable twenty years from
date, though redeemable after five years, are consid-
ered as belonging to the funded or permanent debt;
and so, also, arc the twenty-years' sixes, into which
the three-years'seven-thirty notes are convertible.
These bonds, therefore, according to the usage of the
Government, are payable in coin."
The Senator also introduced a letter of Mr.
Field when he was Assistant Secretary, the
only other letter introduced from the Treasury
Department before these bonds were all nego-
tiated ; find that simply stated as a fact that
they would be paid in gold. There was no
reference to the law, no decision upon tho
terms of the law, but a mere reference to the
custom of the Department as to old bonds
issued before the legal-tender act, and no doubt
it was made n[ion the common expectation
that long before the five years should run out
specie payments would be resumed in this
country ; and no doubt they would have been
if our arms had been victorious during that
summer; but certainly none of these letters
can be regarded as a formal construction of the
legal-tender act, which is not even referred to.
Mr. President. I will not follow this matter
further, because it is not necessary for my
argument that I should do so ; but I submit to
Senators whether the presentation of the law
and the facts in regard to the five-twenty loan
does not at least raise a reasonable doubt upon
which honest men may disagree. All that is
necessary for my argument is to show that
a doubt does rest upon the mode and manner
of paying these bonds. I am not here to advo-
cate oil her view of the question, although I
am willing to express my own opinions. I
merely show you that there is such a doubt
that reasonable and honorable men may differ
as to whether or not the Government of the
United States may pay these bonds in some
other way than in coin. If so, that doubt
ought to be removed, or some other bond sub-
stituted, and not leave this question unsettled
to poison the public credit.
redemption in new legal-tender notes.
There is a second mode proposed by parti-
sans in which to pay off the five-twenty bonds,
and that is by issuing a new batch of green-
backs. This is a plausible and a dangerous
device. No man can justify it. Why? Because
the very acts under which these bonds were
issued contain limitations which we cannot and
dare not exceed. These limitations were put
in every loan act and finally embodied in the
form of a guarantee in the act of June 30,
1864, to which I will now refer. The limita-
tion contained in the last preceding act, that
of March 3, 1863, in force when the five-
twenties were negotiated, was $450,000,000.
The actof June 30,1864, modified and repeated
this limitation, as follows:
" Nor shall the total amount of United States notes
issued or to be issued, ever excecd $400,000,000; and
such additional sum, not exceeding S50.000.000, as
may be temporarily required for the redemption of
temporary loan."
This limitation upon the amount of green-
backs was always a part of the loan laws, and
why ? Because the amount of those notes issued
would regulate and fix the value of the bonds
themselves. In all the loan acts, therefore, the
amount of greenbacks issued from time to
time was limited by law, and that limitation
was a part of the contract under which the
bonds were issued, and hence any proposition
which looks to an increase of the legal tenders
with a view by this increase to pay olf the five-
twenties would be a plain, palpable violation
of a public engagement, just as muck as would
be a clipping of the coin, or, to follow the ex-
ample of the Middle Ages, a debasement of the
coin with more alloy. Every additional green-
back issued tends to depreciate the value of
the security, and therefore, as the law itselt
limits the amount, it must be complied with,
whatever is the consequence.
