2708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 80,
large a claim could have been permitted to
slumber so long. There was, to my mind, some
mystery about it, and that mystery has never
been cleared up from that day to this.
I also became fully impressed with the idea
-—T cannot now give the reasons why I became
go impressed—that there was a big job in it
somewhere. I was therefore compelled to
oppose the appropriation in Committee of the
Whole, and with such assistance as I was for-
tunate enough to receive it was defeated in the
last Congress. I am still unprepared to vote
for that claim.
Mr. MA YJSTARD. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman is speaking on the same
side as the gentleman proposing the amend-
ment. By the rule a member is allowed five
minutes to support an amendment, and then
another gentleman may be heard for five min-
utes in opposition to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was unable
to tell whether the gentleman was opposed to
the amendment until he heard his argument.
Mr. N1BLACK. I rose to oppose the appro-
priation. I think it is all wrong. I have noth-
ing further to say.
Mr. BCTTLEK. I desire now to have read
the report of the Committee on Appropria-
tions which I was unable to have read before
for lack of time.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the matter of tho claim of the Choctaw Indians,
under the eloventh article of the treaty of June 22,
1855, as ratified by the Senate by tho resolution of 9th
Mnreh, 1859, and confirmed by the treaty of June 28,
1868, your committee report:
That by that treaty it was submitted to the Senate
to adjudicate whether the Choctaw* arc entitled to
the proceeds of the i-ale of their lands by the treaty
ol September 27, 1So3, deducting therefrom tho cost
of survey and sale, and at what pneo per aero the
lands remaining unsold shall be allowed tho Choc-
taws in order to a final settlement with them ; and,
second! j, whether a gross sum shall be allowed in full
satisfaction of all claims, national and individual,
against the United States. Whereupon the Senate,
on the Oth of March, 1859, resolved that the Choc-
taws be allowed tho procoeds of such lands as had
been sold by the United States after deducting all
proper expenses and reservation?, attherateof $1 25
per aerc, and tha t they should be allowed twelve and
a half cents per acre for tho residue of their lands,
i. e., those remaining unsold; and that the Secretary
of the Interior cause an account to be stated show-
ing the amount duo according to the principle of set-
tlement above recited and report the same to Con-
gress.
This account was transmitted to Congress on the
8th of May, 1860, and revised and corrected by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and a balance reported
as duo the Choctaws of $2,322,-1(50 85.
By the act of March 2, 1X01, Congress made an
appropriation of §500,000 on account of tins claim,
namely, $250,000 m cash and $250,000 to be paid in
bonds.
On the 5th of Julv, 1S02, and 3d of March, 1SG6,
Congress restricted the expenditure of this appropri-
ation and bonds to such of the Choctaw nation as
might remain loyal, and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior reports that it was expended in accordance with
tho directions of said acts. But by the treaty of s&th
of April, 1860, all actsof hostility and disloyalty were
condoned, and questions of differences settled be-
tween the Choctaw nation and the United Stales by
the tenth article thereof, which reads as follows:
/'Art. X. Tho United States reaffirms all obliga-
tions arising out of treaty stipulations or acts of
legislation with regard to the Choctaw and Chicka-
saw nations, entered into prior to the late rebellion,
and in force at that time, not inconsistent herewith,
and further agrees to renew the payment of all annu-
ities and other moneys accruing under such treaty
stipulations and acts of legislation, from and after
the close of the fiscal year ending on the30th of J une,
186<3."
It will therefor© bo seen that that amount of
$1,832,560 85 is justly due and payable to the Choc-
taw nation according to treaty stipulations and un-
der the legislation heretofore had. There seems to
be no good reasons why this amount should not be
paid. Indeed common justice requires either thatit
should be paid or that some provision should be
made by which the income arising therefrom should
be secured to tho tribe, many of whom aro repre-
sented to be poor, and from their losses during the
war needing this monoy for their support.
It seems to have been the policy of the Government
for a long scries of years in many treaty stipulations
to guaranty an iuvoatment ol five per cent, for the
money duo the Indians for ceded lands such as this,
but heretofore the Government, after guaranteeing
live per cent., have invested these moneys in State
stocks, many of which aro worthless. As the Gov-
ernment must be for many years a borrower, it is the
part of prudence that such investments should be
made in its own notes. It would, therefore, in view
of all the circumstances of the ease, seem best to issuo
for the payment of this sum (provided the provision
will be accepted by the Choctaw nation) twenty-year
bonds of the United States on five per cent, interest,
lawful money, payable semi-annually, either coupon
or registered, as may be desired^by the recipients, of
denominations of not less than fifty dollars.
Your oommittee, therefore, have added a section to
tho Indian appropriation bill to carry out the princi-
ples and objects set forth in this report.
It will there be seen that there cannot be
any wrong done to the United States by this
bill because the United States had the lands
sold them and got the money, and by treaty
agreed to pay it to the Indians. How the
Indians will spend the money I do not know,
but I thought, and the committee with me
thought, that to pay it according to the under-
standing would be to put it in United States
bonds at five per cent., payable to the Indians.
There it would not be likely to run away as
the Arkansas and Virginia bonds did, and there
would be a fund for the Indians. You have
got to pay it some day or other. You have
agreed by treaty to pay it. You have appro-
priated one portion, half bonds and half money,
and now it is proposed to put the remainder in
bonds which shall secure the amount to be
paid. If there is any wrong about it I am not
aware of it. If Perry Fuller lias anything to
do with it I do not know it. I never heard
him named in connection with it till now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew it. I only desire
to ask the gentleman one or two questions, so
that I may understand the matter. I remem-
ber very well when this was in the House during
the last night and last hours of the last session
of tho Thirty-Ninth Congress, tho intention
was to put the provision through upon a defi-
ciency bill about four or five o'clock in the
morning. At that time we had some informa-
tion oil the subject, which 1 think disclosed the
fact that a great portion of the money instead
of going to the Choctaw Indians was intended
for a class of people who pretended to have
claims against them for damages during the
war. Now, what I desire to ask the gentleman
in charge of tho bill is, whether or not the
committee have taken into consideration these
claims, or whether they have any knowledge
with reference to the direction this fund
will take after it shall be paid to tho Indians.
It may be a matter of indifference to some,
but it seems to me if this is an honest claim on
the part of these Indians it ought to stand upon
that principle alone. If it is a mere indirect
way, as the gentleman from Illinois has stated,
of placing the money in the hands of a lobby
ring about this Capitol, then we ought to know
that fact. Ithinkthissubjectshould be referred
to some committee, I do not care what, in order
that all the facts should be investigated so that
we may know whether or not. t,his is a just arid
honest claim against the Government of the
United States. I would ask the gentlemau if
he has any information on the subject ?
Mr. BUTLER. No information came to the
committee as to any direction of this money,
except in one regard, and that was that the
attorney of the Choctaw tribe, who had had tho
management of their business for many years,
hail died, and left a widow and children who
are dependent upon what he had earned, and
there was a very considerable amount going to
him for his services. That was the only claim
that came before the committee. But, sir, I
ask my ftiend from Iowa [Mr. Ai.i.isox] if we
owe money and have agreed over and over
again to pay it, is it any of our business to
stand upon the question of what our creditor is
going to do with the money after we liave paid
our debt?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer that ques-
tion. If we have agreed to pay a certain sum
of money we must faithfully and honestly
carry out that obligation. But I do not sup-
pose that the gentleman from Massachusetts
will claim that under those treaty stipulations
with the Indians it is not our duty also to see
where the money goes and how it is expended.
Why, it was but yesterday, I believe, that lie
claimed himself that this whole treaty-making
power is wrong as applied to these Indians.
We find that by the fifth article of the treaty
made with these Indians in 1866 there was care
taken that the United States Government should
bind itself doubly to pay all the debts to these
rebel Indians as well as those who had never
been engaged in the rebellion. I do not under-
stand why it was that a treaty of that kind should
have been made. I suppose it has been rati-
fied by the Senate, and it may be that we are
under obligations to carry it out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me say
that this is one thing which I omitted to men-
tion. This remarkable article of the treaty
of 1800 is what I want the committee to ex-
amine into. I want to know why that treaty
was made. I want to know why we were bound
to pay these Choctaws, who were all rebels,
this amount of money. I want to know whether
that treaty is not tainted with fraud, and whether
Ave are not absolved from its stipulations.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman speaks
of these Indians as being rebels or disloyal.
Do Indians owe any allegiance to this Govern-
ment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
quarrel with my friend about that. I only know
that they were all in sympathy with the rebel-
lion, and gave it every possible aid and com-
fort.
Mr. ALLISON. These Indians were engaged
in the rebellion; and if we are to pay these
Indians who were engaged in war against the
United States, I know of no reason why we
should not pay the civilized white men of the
United States who were engaged in this war
against the Government as well as the Indians.
Mr. MAYNARD. The difference is that
civilizcd white men owe allegiance to this
Government and Indians do not.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 oppose the amendment ;
and, in the first place, 1 ask does the gentle-
man mean to say that because the majority of
the Government of Great, Britain sympathized
with the rebellion we ought not therefore to
pay Great Britain what we owe under our
treaties ? That is the point.
Mr. MULLINS. Why do you demand from
England pay for the Alabama damages?
Mr. BUTLER. I should be' very glad to
answer that or any other question. 1 demand
payment from Great Britain for the Alabama
damages, and 1 am willing to pay England
every dollar we owe under treaties.
Now, sir, 1 do not know whether there was
fraud in this treaty or not. I was not here to
make it or help to make it. The Senate of the
United States made this treaty, and after
taking out all the claims for damages by
disloyal Indians that seemed proper to them,
they then agreed to pay so much money, and
we are now in this case before the civilized
world ; while we are demanding from the civil-
ized world payment of what they owe us, we
will not pay what we owe to bands of Indians.
My friend from Iowa says that we ought to see
what is done with the money. I will accept
any amendment that the money shall go for the
benefit of the Indians that may bo introduced
here, but I do not think that, when eleven years
ago we sold the lands of these Indians for
SI 25 an acre for which we paid them twelve
and a half cents an acre, we should refuse any
longer to pay interest—for that is all we are
appropriating in this cause—because some-
body would get that interest who ought not to
get it. We cannot help that.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa for the purpose of
pressing the same reasons that he did. I
remember very distinctly that in the expiring
hours of the Thirty-Ninth Congress it required
a good deal of vigilance forgentiemen upon this
floor to resist the influence of the lobby or ring
that was here about this yery payment, and
though I cannot recall all the facts that were
stated to me at the time, I do remember that
they were such as made me feel that in voting
for that section I should be voting in favor of
men as corrupt as those the gentlemen from
Massachusetts associates with Charles W.
