380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
negro man with his mule-team and his rope
harness drives up to the assessor or collector
with four bales ot' cotton, one half the result
of his year's labor, the United States shall
take one bale out of those four for taxes from,
him, (that is taking one fourth of his food, one
fourth of his corn-dodger, one fourth of his
clothing, one fourth of his supplies,) is so op-
pressive that it seems to me every one will
concede that it is a tax which ought not to be
endured. There is no other product in the
world that bears such a system of taxation.
There is no other agricultural product in our
system that bears any taxation.
And now these people are absent; they have
110 representatives here. It is not a question
of politics, because I speak now just as much
in the interest of the loyal white men and of
the loyal black men as of the rebels of the
South ; and therefore Senators ought not to
seek to excite political feeling on this ques-
tion because a good many of the rebels plant
cotton and a good many rebels are interested
in cotton. So they are; but, sir, neither you
nor I want to load deep coal3 of fire on the
heads of the rebels. If ever a people have
been punished in the world they have been.
Their condition is probably the most unenvia-
ble of any people that ever rebelled against
lawful authority. They are now impoverished,
broken in spirit. Therefore we can have no ■
desire to heap coals of fire upon their heads.
But this legislation not only affects those who
rebelled against lawful authority, but all the
former slaves. Every freedman in the South
is affected by this question.
The idea of postponing this matter until we
can adjust all the minutia of our revenue legis-
lation is an absurd proposition. I was sur-
prised, 1 must confess, at the remark made by
my friend from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] who
said we must not repeal this tax nor modify
until when ? Until we could throw off the tax
of one half of one per cent, on the gross pro-
ceeds of mining. The miners go upon the pub-
lic lands without cost; they delve upon the
public lands with no capital except their tools;
and we levy upon them the sole and only tax
of one half of one per cent, on their gross
receipts. My friend from Nevada will not con-
sider the question of relief to the South until -
we take off this one half of one per cent, on min-
ing, which is just one fiftieth part of the tax we
impose upon the great agricultural product of
the South 1 I say that is not just: that mining
is more in the nature, not of an agricultural
raw product necessary for life, but of a manu-
facture ; and that, at any rate, the miner ought
not to complain of paying this small tax in lieu
of all other taxes ; but even if he has any right
to complain, that is a tax that does not bear
upon him so harshly and severely that he can-
not wait to have it decided with the other taxes.
So in regard to the complaint made by my
friend from Connecticut. What tax bears
oppressively upon Connecticut? Wo repealed
last year one half of all the taxes 
Mr. FERRY. The internal revenue tax on
the sales of manufactured goods bears very
heavily on my constituents.
Mr. SHERMAN. How much is that ?
Mr. FERRY. Three per cent., I think.
Mr. CATTELL. Five per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, five per cent, on
certain manufactured goods.
Mr. SPRAGUE. On the sale.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not a tax on sales.
That is paid, no doubt, but we all know that
although paid in the first instance by the man-
ufacturer it is undoubtedly paid by the con-
sumer.
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator will allow me,
what I said on this subject was in favor of the
postponement of its consideration until these
various interests could be adjusted together.
Now, portions of the internal revenue tax bear
exceedingly hard upon my constituents. I
think they ought to be relieved to some ex-
tent; I do not say now how much. I think
that the cotton tax bears at present hard upon
the cotton interest. I think it should be re-
I lieved to some extent, but I do not think that
the whole burden should be taken off the cot-
ton interest, making it necessary to leave the
entire burdens still upon the interests of rny
constituency, affording them no relief, while
the interest of another section is entirely re-
lieved from its burden.
1 Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, at the
last session of Congress we threw off the tax on
the great volume of manufacturing products ;
on others we reduced it to two and a half per
cent. I think on wool and woolens we reduced
it to two and a half per cent; on some we kept
it at five; and on some it was retained at three
per cent. But, sir, here is the injustice ; when
we first levied this cotton tax as a part of our
system of internal taxes it was only a tax of
six per cent., precisely the same tax that we
then levied upon all manufactures. My friend
from Maine [Mr. Fessexden] first proposed
the tax of tlireo cents a pound. Probably the
bill came to us from the House at three cents;
but that was at a time when the value of cotton
wS^'sixty cents a pound. It had been a dol-
lar, but it got down to sixty cents a pound ; so
that the first tax on cotton was but five per
cent, of its value, and at that time all the man-
ufactures of this country were paying six per
cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The first tax was one
i cent.
| Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator is correct
: in his recollection, and probably he is, the first
I tax was only a tax of one per cent., because
j at that time cotton was worth a dollar a pound,
j Mr. HENDERSON. The first tax of all,
that of July 1, 1862, was only half a cent.
I Mr. SHERMAN. The first tax then was
( on the very smallest scale; but now by the
changed condition of affairs we have relieved
the great body of industry in this country from
nearly one half of the internal taxes, while we
have accumulated the tax on cotton by the fall
of the price of cotton. If there was but a tax
of five or ten per cent, on cotton I would not
be here appealing to the Senate for immediate
relief; but here is a tax of twenty-five per cent,
on the raw material of clothing, on the rawest
production of American industry, because if
there is any raw production it must be cotton,
which is simply an agricultural production,
without any mixture whatever of mechanical
labor, and only the rudest form of agricultural
labor.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator that I will vote with him now to reduce
the cotton tax to the equivalent of other taxes,
and then to further reduce it or go to the ex-
tent of its entire removal if necessary, provided
the other burdens be removed at the same time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am only speaking now
on the question of postponement. I am not
discussing the merits of the different proposi-
tions, whether it is better for us to reduce the
tax to one cent a pound or any other sum. I
wish simply to say that this interest demands
some immediate relief, and that we ought to
grant it. As to the other propositions, each
Senator will decide for himself when they
come up to be voted on. We never can con-
sider this question more dispassionately than
we can now. This is a peculiar tax and there-
fore it ought to stand upon peculiar grounds.
It is the only harsh, unjust, and oppressive tax
that now weighs upon any portion of our in-
dustry, and it ought to be repealed. It does
not stand in the same position as the other
taxes. There is one other reason that appeals
to the judgment, the magnanimity, and the
generosity of the Senate that I might refer to.
This interest is not now represented by any
member on this floor, except perhaps from the
State of Tennessee, and the interest of that
State is mainly in other agricultural products.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The State of Illinois
is a producer of cotton.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senatorfrom Maine
suggests that the State of Illinois is a cotton
State. It produces very good corn but no cot-
ton of any account. I do not know that it
produces any.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I saw it stated
by a Representative from Illinois in the other
House that he raised fifLy bales this year, and
I am sure it has been suggested as a matter of
interest to Illinois, because in some portions
of that State cotton was raised.
Mr. SHERMAN. I assure the Senator
from Maine that Illinois raises more cotton by
selling corn than in any other way. The cot-
ton-plant, as we all know, is the product of
the cotton States, which are all south of North
Carolina and Tennessee, although like other
products no doubt it is raised to some extent
in the middle southern States.
Sir, I say this is an exception to any other
tax, and that we are hound now, when there is
no voice here to speak for these people, to do
what is just and right toward tliem. This is
not and cannot be considered a.political ques-
tion, and it ought not to be affected by polit-
ical considerations. We claim to be Senators
of the United States of America, and we are
bound to do that which we would do if all
these States were represented by two Senators
each on this floor. Would they possibly elect
a Senator from any of these southern States,
; whether white or black, loyal or rebel, who
' would not demand as the first act of his official
life the repeal of this obnoxious cotton tax?
We know that they would demand it, and we
should feel a sense of justice that would impel
us to grant at least to a reasonable extent some
, relief from this oppressive tax. There is no
doubt that if these States were represented
here by twenty Senators this question could
not rest in doubt for a moment. The House
of Representatives felt the weight of this sub-
ject upon them, and promptly by a very large
1 vote 
, Mr. MORTON. And without debate!
Mr. SHERMAN. And without debate felt
; bound to relieve this suffering interest by
prompt and decided action. The same feeling
prevailed in the Committee on Finance. We
had representations made to us which, if I
should read them to this Senate, would move
them; it would be impossible for them not to
feel the force of these statements as to the
condition of the people of the southern States.
Look at it. Now, when their staple is brought
into market one fourth of all their production
is taken by the tax-gatherer; and not only that
but there are very severe and onerous regula-
tions which require them to bring their cotton
to one place in a congressional district, making
difficulties and delay, and then one fourth of
their product is taken to pay the tax when the
other three fourths will not pay more than one
half of the expense of raising the raw cotton.
This was not foreseen when we laid this tax.
I voted for the first cotton tax. Then it was a
tax of five per cent. Last year the Senate, by
a very decided vote, reduced the tax to one
cent a pound ; and probably if it had been left
at that there would have been no serious com-
plaint, no demand for immediate action, and
we should have collected the one cent per
pound without great suffering in the South.
But when we impose a tax of two and a half
cents per pound, thus taking from the producer
of the cotton one fourth of all his labor, and
leaving the rest totally insufficient to furnish
him the necessaries of life, I say it makes a
case of oppression which the Senate of the
United States ought promptly to relieve.
Now, sir, I have prolonged my remarks on
this subject longer, perhaps, than was neces-
sary. I hope the Senate will come to some
decisive vote on this question before we ad-
journ, and not postpone the matter and leave
it in doubt and uncertainty, so that the plant-
ers and laborers cannot make their usual
arrangements for their labor. I do not'think
it good policy to drive the South into the cul-
ture of new products. Perhaps I speak in an
interested point of view; for we are interested.
The State of Ohio, like the State of Illinois,
furnishes a large quantity of food which goes
into the. production of this cotton. It is cer-
tainly not the interest of any portion of this
country to prevent that exchange of commodi-
