1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
under the United States, or under any State, who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress or as an officer of the United States or as a
member of any State Legislature, or as an executive
or judicial officer of any State to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, shall have engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given
aid and comfort to the enemies thereof. But Con-
gress may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, re-
move such disabilities."
It may be insisted that Mr. Butler has given
no aid and comfort to the rebellion, but it is
certain he has held an office and discharged
the functions of an office under the confederate
State government of Tennessee. Believing the
resolution of the committee to be in conflict
with that section, I submitted the following
yesterday:
To recommit the report with instructions to roport
a general law providing that no person elected to
this House shall be required to take the oath of office
required by the act of July 2, 1862, if such person
shall have been relieved from disability to hold othce
in the manner prescribed in the article of the Consti-
tution of the United States proposed b> the Xhii ty-
Ninth Congress as the fourteenth article; and sec-
ondly, to report a bill to remove the disability of li-
lt. Butler in tho manner provided by said article,
with leave to report at any time.
The law which I would have enacted would
be something like this:
Be it enacted, That whenever any person who
may have participated in the late rebellion, and fiom
whom all legal disabilities arising therefrom shall
have been removed by act of Congress by a vote of
two thirds of each House, shall have been elected or
appointed to any office orplace of trustin or under tho
Government ot the United States, he shall, before en-
tering upon the duties thereof, take and subscribe
the following oath or affirmation and no other : I, A
B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that to tho best of
my knowledge and ability 1 will support and defend
the Constitution of the United States against all
enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true
faith and allegiance to the same; that X take this
obligation freely, without any mental reservation or
purpose of evasion, and that X will well and taith-
f'ully discharge the duties of the office on which X am
about to enter. So help me God.
I propose that when Congress shall have
removed the disabilities from any person who is
elected to office such person may enter upon
the duties of his office by taking this oath.
Then, also, 1 propose that a bill be reported
by which the disability of Mr. Butler should
be removed.
The reason why I think Mr. Butier ought to
be admitted I will state very briefly. In the first
place, I will not discuss the question whether
this oath of office which has been prescribed
by the act of July 2, 1802, is constitutional or
not. I am not going to reply to the speech of
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Chanlek]
in reference to that question ; because, if any
question has been settled in the judgment of
this House, that one has been, by a very great
number of votes concurring in enforcing that
oath to which we have, each one of us, sub-
scribed. The oath was adopted for the pur-
pose and with the intent of excluding lrom
tho halls of legislation disloyal men who really
sought to overturn the Government. The
safety of the people, of the nation, and of the
Government, under circumstances of great
peril, required this oath to be taken, and ac-
cordingly it was prescribed by law. The object
of the law was simply to exclude disloyal men.
When, therefore, by a technical construction
of tho law, loyal men are excluded from the
Halls of Congress, it seems to me that some
method should be devised by which loyal men
should be admitted. The law of the land
should not exclude men who have always been
true and loyal, and have been properly elected,
from holding office.
Now, in relation to the case of Mr. Butler,
1 have simply to say this: that I have exam-
ined with great care, as a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections, the entire testimony in his
case, and I am as thoroughly convinced as I
can be of any fact by testimony that from the
beginning to the end this man has been loyal
in every position in which he has been placed ;
that there has been no act of disloyalty done
by him and no thought of disloyalty in his
heart; but, on the contrary, in every position in
which he has been placed he has been an act-
ive, earnest adherent to and supporter of the
Government of the United States, rendering
aid and comfort to its supporters and friends
under circumstances of peculiar trial and peril,
impoverishing himself for the purpose of aid-
ing Union men who had been brought into
difficulty on account of their adherence to and
support of the Government. This I firmly
believe. I have seen not one particle of tes-
timony that casts a shadow of suspicion "in my
mind upon the loyalty of Mr. Butler.
It is true he was a member of the Tennessee
rebel Legislature; but when he was elected
there was no oath required of a member to
support the confederate government. When
he went to Nashville for the purpose of dis-
charging his duty under that election there
was no oath to support the confederate gov-
ernment prescribed by any act of the Legisla-
ture of Tennessee. When Mr. Butler was
considering the question whether he should
go into that Legislature of Tennessee the Union
men of Johnson and Carter counties, which
composed his district, came to him and in-
sisted that he should go there. They insisted
that it was necessary that they should have
some man on whom they could rely and whom
they could trust in that Legislature, who could
advise them of the designs of their enemies
against them, and who could help them in the
time of trouble in which they were placed. I
believe it was essential to the safety and secur-
ity of the Union men of those counties that
they should have knowledge of the plans and
devices of the enemies of the Union against
them. I suppose that no people of this country
were ever worse plundered and harassed than
those Union men of Carter and Johnson coun-
ties. Mr. Butler, as is proved, after stating
very frankly the reasons which, in his mind,
should keep a Union man, a man who was
loyal to tho Government of the United States,
away from that Legislature, yielded to their
entreaties and suggestions and went to Nash-
ville. After he had arrived at Nashville, and
when ten thousand rebel soldiers were in the
city of Nashville, the Legislature imposed this
oath to support the confederate government
upon the members of the Legislature. The only
alternative Mr. Butler had was either to take
the oath or be imprisoned in a rebel military
prison. One of his colleagues who took the
oalh was afterward imprisoned and died in one
of these rebel military prisons. Fifteen or
sixteen Union men, who are admitted on all
hands to have been loyal Union men, members
of that Legislature, meeting together, consid-
ered the situation in which they were placed,
considered the situation in which the Union
men in their respective districts were placed,
and the dangers to which they were subjected—
danger that their property would be destroyed
and their lives sacrificed—agreed that they
would take the oath, and they took it.
Now, I may differ from Mr. Butler, in my
judgment, as to whether he ought to have
taken the oath under these circumstances. I
do not know that 1 have a right to judge his
action. It seems to me now that I would not
have taken that oath, but standing, as I do, in
safety and security, with no great interests de-
pending in the balance, I am not disposed to
judge him for taking the oath. The under-
standing among all these men who were there
assembled and who trusted each other as Union
men was that they would take the oath for the
purpose of affording whatever aid and protec-
tion and support to the persecuted Union men
of the State they could afford in the position
in which they were placed, and that pledge
which they gave to each other was thoroughly
redeemed so far as Mr. Butler is concerned.
The evidence before us shows that he was in-
strumental in having discharged from rebel
military prisons a large number of Union men
who were there in prison; that he furnished
from his own funds food and clothing to Union
men who were there in prison, and that lie also
furnished them money to return to their homes
when, through his exertions, they had been
discharged from imprisonment.
Sir, I have no doubt of his loyalty from the
beginning to the end. That law was never
framed to exclude from these Halls men like
him, and yet there is danger that if in one case
we allow a man to take his seat without sub-
scribing to this oath it will serve as a prece-
dent which will work harm to us in the future.
That consideration, I believe, commends itself
to a great many members of this House. But
it seems to me that we may carry out and en-
force by law the third section of this fourteenth
article of the Constitution. We say it is apart
of the Constitution of the United States to-day.
I believe it is. If it is, it is clear that Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House,
remove any disability which now rests on Mr.
Butler, and then allow him to take the oath
mentioned in this resolution which I have
drawn. It seems to me that that is the reason-
able and the best way of settling this difficulty.
It is said by my colleague on the committee
[Mr. Scofield] that after all we shall have to
pass a special act in each case, and we might
as well pass the joint resolution reported by the
committee. There is this difference between
the proposition of the committee and the prop-
osition embodied in the instructions which I
have moved ; and I may as well state here that
I have moved them with the assent of the com-
mittee and upon full understanding with them.
There is this difference: the resolution re-
ported by the committee may be adopted by a
majority vote of the two Houses; the proposi-
tion which I submit will require a majority of
two thirds, and is in accordance with the third
section of the fourteenth article of the Consti-
tution. The proposition of the committee
would be in direct conflict with that section.
If article fourteen be apart of the Constitution
of the United States, as 1 believe it is, then we
could not pass this resolution reported by the
committee, .as 1 understand it, because it is in
conflict with this article of the Constitution.
I suggest also this consideration: Mr. Butler
had taken an oath before the commencement
of the late rebellion to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States; he is one of those
who, in my judgment, come within the pur-
view of the third section of article fourteen;
and the only way and the proper way to relieve
him from this disability is in the manner
pointed out in the resolution submitted by me.
When this article of amendment to the Con-
stitution was pruposed by the Congress of the
United States to the Legislatures of the several
States it must have been contemplated that
there would be cases arising where it would be
judicious and proper, by the votes of two thirds
of each House, to remove the disabilities rest-
ing upon persons disqualified by it, and permit
them to hold office.
It will be apparent to every man who hears
me that the effect of removing this disability
would not be to allow the party to take the
oath of July 2, 1862, any more truly that he
couldtake it before. Suppose we pass an act
relieving Mr. Butler from any disability ; as I
understand the law he could not come here
before this House and swear that he never
had held any office or discharged the functions
of any office under any pretended government
in hostility to the Government of the United
States. Although the disability might be re-
moved a thousand times the inability to take
that oath truly would still remain. But if this
article of amendment to the Constitution is to
be carried out this is the way to do it. It
must have been in the contemplation both of
Congress and of the Legislatures which ratified
the amendment that these disabilities might
be removed in proper cases in this way.
1 know it is held by some that this test-oath
can be taken under a construction of it which
holds that a member of the Legislature is not
a civil officer within the purview of the act of
July 2, 1862. That, I am told? is the view
which was held by Mr, Butler and some of
his irieuds. The reason why I cannot assent
to that view is that if it were the true view of
the not of July 2,1862j it would open the doors
ot this Hall to every member of every rebel
State Legislature which convened during the
whole war; not only that, but also every mem-
