1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3733
Committee on Commerce, for action at this
time, Senate joint resolution No. 36, authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the bark Aug. Guardien.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 46, noes 25.
So the motion was agred to ; and accordingly
(at two o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned till Monday next.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. O'NEILL : The petition of Catha-
rine Skinner, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 6, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Fiiday last was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the 16th ultimo, information in
relation to prohibiting Oneida Indians from
cutting and removing timber from the common
lands of the tribe; which, on motion of Mr.
Pomekoy, was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
fourteenth constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate resolutions of the Legislature of
North Carolina, ratifying the amendment to
the Constitution of the United States proposed
to the several States by joint resolution of
the two Houses of Congress passed on the
XSth day of June, 1866, to be designated article
fourteen of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
citizens of Steuben county, New York, praying
the passage of the House bill granting pen-
sions to the soldiers of the war of 1812 : which
was ordered to lie on the table, the bill having
been reported.
Mr. POMEROY. I have received a petition,
very numerously signed, asking for a mail route
from Waterville, the terminus of the Union
Pacific railway, central branch, by way of Salina,
Sharpe's, and Creek county, to Witchita. Kan-
sas. I believe we have passed a post route bill
this session ; I should have been exceedingly
giatified to have got this route upon the bill ;
but as it is, I move that the petition be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, that it may receive the attention in the
next bil^ihat comes from the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a me-
morial «f citizens of New Jersey, protesting
against the ratification or confirmation by Con-
gress of any conveyance of any part of the
Yosemite valley by the State of California to
individuals; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of John Bulfinch, praying compen-
sation for the use by the Government of his
schooner Wings of the Morning and damages
sustained by the explosion of the Government
warehouse in Mobile in May, 1865; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CATJ'ELL presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey, praying the adoption of
measures for the reduction of taxes; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
kepoltts 01.' committees.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 202) to create the office of surveyor
general in the Territory of Utah, and establish
a land office in said Territory, and extend the
homestead and preemption laws over the same,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of O. N.
Cutler, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 501) for the relief of 0. N. Cutler.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 588) for the relief
of the Mount Vernon Ladies' Association of
the Union, reported it without amendment and
without any recommendation.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 570) for a grant of land, and grant-
ing the right of way over the public lands to
the Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph
Company, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of John Potts, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 595) for the
relief of John Potts. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
bills introduced.'
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
592) relating to the Commissioner of Patents ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent
OlUce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 593) in addition to the acts concerning
naturalization; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intioduce
a bill (S. No. 594) for the relief of L. Merchant
& Co. and Peter Rosecrantz ; which was read
twice byits title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
message from the house. .
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 505)
to amend section five of an act entitled "An act
concerning the registering and recording of
slnps or vessels," approved December 81,1792.
oat1i of office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up for
consideration House bill No. 869.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 869) prescribing an oath of office to be
taken by persons from whom legal disabilities
shall have been removed was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that
whenever any person, who has participated in
the late rebellion, and from whom all legal
disabilities arising therefrom has been removed
by act of Congress by a vote of two thirds of
each House, has been or shall be elected or
appointed to any office or place of trust in or
under the Governmentof the United States, he
shall, before entering upon the duties thereof,
take and subscribe the followingoath or affirm-
ation, and no other:
"I, A 13, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will
support and delcnd the Constitution of the United
States against all enemies, foreign and domestic;
that I will bear true faiih and allegiance to the same;
that I take this obligation trecly. without any mental
reservation or purpose of evasion, and that I will
well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office
on which I am about to enter. So help mo God."
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
two amendments to the bill. The first amend-
ment was in line five, to strike out the word
"lias" and insert "have."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is merely a verbal
amendment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to, unless
objection be made.
The next amendment was after the word
"thereof," in line nine, to insert the words
'' instead of the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2, 1862."
'The amendment, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to I he Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Illinois if I understand the
operation of the amendment proposed. It is
not to alter the bill substantially as it comes
from the other House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; to make it
more definite. One is grammatical, to strike
out the word "lias" and insert " have and
the other is to insert a provision that the oath
prescribed shall be in lieu of the oath required
by the act of July 2, 1862.
Mr. SUMNER. That I understand is the
effect of the bill as it comes from the House
of Representatives, is it not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it was in-
tended to be that.
Mr. SUMNER. The language being "he
shall before entering upon the duties thereof
take and subscribe the followingoath or affirm-
ation, andnoother." That is the language of
the House bill, and now it is proposed to insert
'' instead of the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2, 1862."
Mr. TRUMBULL. To make it a little more
specific.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply wished to under-
stand it.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
territory of new mexico.
Mr. YATES. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 417.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 417) to amend an act entitled "An act
proposing to the State of Texas the establish-
ment of her northern and western boundaries,
the relinquishment by said State of all terri-
tory claimed by her exterior to said boundaries,
and of all her claims upon the United States,
and to establish a territorial government for
New Mexico," was read the second time, and
consideredasin Committee of the Whole. The
act referred to is to be amended so as to pro-
vide ;
Every bill which shall have passed the council and
house of representatives of said Territory sha 1), befote
it becomes a law, bo presented to thoUovcrnor of the
Territory; if he approve he sh,ill sign it, but if he
do not approve it, he shall return it with his objec-
tions to the liouse in which it originated, who shall
enter the objections at large upon their journa.1, and
proceed to reconsider it. If after such reconsidera-
tion two thirds of that honso shall agrco to pass the
bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections, to
the other house, by which it shall likewise be recon-
sidered, and if approved by two thirds of that house
it shall bccome a law, the Governor's objections to
the contrary notwithstanding. But in such cases the
votes of both houses shall be determined by yeas and
nays, and entered upon the journal of each h'ouse
respectively. And if the Governor shall not return
any bill presented to him lor approval, after its pas-
sage by both houses of the Legislature, within three
days, (Sundays excepted,) after such presentation,
the same ^hail beeotne a taw in like manner as if the
Governor had approved it: Provided, however. That
the Assembly shall not have adjourned sine die during
the three days presci ibed as above, in which case it
shall not bccome a law.
The bill fur:her provides that the secretary
of the Territory of New Mexico shall here-
after be cx officio superintendent of public
buildings and grounds, and shall have control
and management of all public buildings now
erected, in progress of erection, or to be here-
after erected, and of all grounds pertaining
thereto ; and he is to be under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, who shall
establish such rules in relation to these public
buildings and grounds as in his judgment he
may devise, and for his services as such super-
intendent the secretary is to receive an annual
salary of $1,000. It is to be the duty of the
secretary of the Territory, upon the convemtig
of the Legislature thereof, to administer the
oath of office to the mcmbers-elect of the two
houses and the officers thereof when chosen ;
