1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sea
ties, the exchange of the productions of the
Northwest to the South; and then the removal
ot' the cotton to the North, where it is finally
manufactured and Mild. That is an operation
of commerce which adds to our wealth ; and
no one ought to desire to interfere with it. We
ought not, by our taxes, to drive people to do
what it is not their interest to do. I hat is
contrary to the first elements oi political econ-
omy. SVe ought to allow our internal com-
merce at least to be entirely free from all
restraint, and lay no burdens whatever that
wouid change the ordinary course of commerce
or of trade. I say that this cotton tax now
does that. It is oppressive, and ought to be
repealed. I trust, therefore, that the action
ot the Senate, whatever it may be on this sub-
ject, will not be delayed.
Mr. STEWART. The other day in speak-
ing of this matter I made an allusion to the
mining tax, which seems to have excited a good
deal of comment from the Senator from Ohio
and the Senator from Missouri. Inasmuch as
those comments are very unjust, and show
that those Senators have not given that ques-
tion any particular consideration, it may be
proper for me to make a little further explana-
tion with regard to that tax. I only alluded
to it incidentally, saying that when these mat-
ters of hardship were considered I thought it
but fair that, they should all be considered to-
gether. Now, 1 undertake to say that the
mining tax, small as it appears to be, is a more
oppressive tax upon a large portion of the peo-
ple engaged in that pursuit than the cotton
tax : and if I can have the attention of the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Mis-
souri I think I can demonstrate to them that it
is a much more exorbitant tax than the cot-
ton tax.
The cotton tax is stated to be now, at the
present low prices, twenty-five per cent. We
do not know but that the prices may go up
before another year. I think it is the low price
of cotton that has affected the planter more
than the tax. If cotton commanded the ordi-
nary price the tax would not amount to any
such figure. But suppose it is twenty-five per
cent.; the tax of one half of one per cent,
upon the gross proceeds of the miner is in nine
cases out of ten more than one hundred per
cent. There are in mining but few dividend-
paying mines, and those pay largely. I sup-
pose there is not a dividend-paying mine in
the United States that does not immediately
get up above ten thousand dollars a year, so
that it pays the highest income-tax of five per
cent.; but those dividend-paying mines are
very few in number. Those are the induce-
ments to investment. Those are the good
strikes that we hear of. Those are the argu-
ments that induce people to risk their capital
in mining. But for those dividend-paying
mines your whole mining operations would
cease. They induce your people to invest
because A, B, and C have made large fortunes.
But the majority of mining enterprises are
struggling to become dividend-paying mines.
Perhaps nine out of ten—yes, more than that—
of all the attempted enterprises fail altogether.
They struggle for a few years, produce a large
amount of money, benefit your country very
much, (if I had time I could go into that,) build
up the country about them, build up trades, are
large consumers, pay taxes on everything they
consume, perhaps produce from five hundred
thousand to one million dollars of gold and silver
in a single year, and yet produce that at a loss.
They will go on struggling against that loss in
the hope of finding a '' rieh pay," as they call
it, making a strike, and work on for years and
exhaust their capital in that way. The ma-
jority of the gold and silver is produced in
that way. The tax of one half of one per
cent, when a company is at a large expense,
expending five hundred thousand or one mil-
lion dollars a year and receiving less than that
amount, is a very oppressive tax. The miner
is paying a tax upon the gross amount that he
takes out, although he is taking it out at a loss.
That is the way that your tax is operating upon
a large class of those who are attempting to i
develop that country. j
Our mineral resources are practically inex-
haustible. They will not be exhausted or
hardly touched in our time. The power to
develop them is limited by the possibility of
making it pay. That involves questions of
transportation, questions of skill, and the great
difficulties to be overcome. Four fifths of all
the mines that are known to contain gold and
silver are lying idle because of the difficulty
of making them a success, and every particle
that you load upon those efforts to succeed so
much retards your progress. This tax of one
half of one per cgnt. decreases the amount of
production undoubtedly, and therefore it injures
the United States more than if you were to
take four or five times the amount in some
other way. All of the tax comes out of the
producer. Here is a man who has a capital of
$600,000. He puts it in a mine. He produces
$500,000 the first year, and expends in pro-
ducing it $.550,000. He is $50,000 in debt at
the end of the year. He expects to have better
success, and he goes on. Add to that expense
five or ten thousand dollars more, and you limit
his capacity to open that mine at all. In that
way you have really stopped mining enterprises.
It is the last straw sometimes that breaks the
camel's back. When these communities are
struggling to advance, if you would encourage
them a little, if you would remove this tax and
let their enterprises succeed, what would be the
result? The opening of a good mine builds
up a great deal of wealth in the immediate
community. It creates a demand for agricul-
tural products. Society is at once organized.
Farms are cultivated. That is the only way
the great interior of this country can ever be
cultivated. It will remain a desert if we can-
not have the mines worked. This tax, I think,
is the most impolitic that can be conceived of.
It is certainly a tax upon a man who is pro-
ducing necessarily at a loss. The tax of one
half of one per cent, on a man who has not a
dividend-paying claim is greatly more than the
cotton tax ; but we have not time in the course
of this discussion to compare .all these things.
I am willing to relieve cotton; I think it
ought to be relieved ; but I do not think it fair
to relieve the cotton-growers altogether with-
out considering the evils that other sections
are laboring under; and particularly do I not
think it fair to urge as a reason why we should
be more liberal to them that they are not here.
Whose fault is it that they are not here ? If
they do not take sufficient interest in this mat-
ter to come here, why should we take so much
interest for them? Should we consider them
delicately because they are not here ? Why are
they not here? That question has been asked
before. First, because they rebelled against
this Government; second, because they refused,
and still refuse, every proposition that Con-
gress makes for their reception ; and thirdly,
because, as shown by a memorial presented
I this morning, these same cotton men through
I the South are now circulating contracts
1 whereby they are binding the negroes with
j whom they propose to make contracts on the
faith of the removal of this tax that those
negroes who are to have the benefit of the re-
lease of this tax shall vote against reconstruc-
tipu and shall join them in keeping out of the
Union. Let them stop circulating these con-
tracts ; let them stop using the power that we
shall place in their hands to make contracts
for the purpose of keeping their States out of
the Union; let them come here and make their
| wants known. It is not the fault of the loyal
| people of the country that they are not here.
I do not wish to deal harshly with them. I am
willing that there should be any reduction of
this tax that would be fair compared with the
reduction of other taxes; bnt I am not pre-
pared to remove this tax at once without un-
derstanding the grievances under which other
sections are laboring. I do not care whether
this measure is postponed or not. If there is
any just basis on which to place it, place it
there now. If you can estimate it so as to
graduate it by the other taxes, let that be done
now; but I am not prepared to remove it alto-
gether and say that seven States shall bear no
portion ot the public bunions until 1 sec how
it is to affect other sections.
Mr. C0RB1STT. I desire to present a few
suggestions why, in my judgment, this measure
should be considered now. I shall not occupy
the attention of the Senate more than a few
moments.
In the first place, I think we should consider
the cost of refusing to take oft' this tax. The
evidence shows that when cotton was at a very
high price it almost entirely ceased to be ex-
ported, and the production of it was confined
almost entirely to India, so far as consumption
in England was concerned, and I propose to
submit some facts to prove this statement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone this bill for
the purpose of taking up the bill in relation to
legal tenders, and that motion is really not open
to extensive argument. The reasons for or
against the postponement may be stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see the Senator
from Indiana, who made that motion, in his
seat; but he informed me this morning that he
did not intend to press that motion.
Mr. CORBETT. I merely propose to state
some reasons why we should dispose of the
subject of the cotton tax at once. I do not
intend to occupy the time of the Senate long.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the Senator
from Oregon will be allowed to proceed with
his argument. I am sure there will be no
objection on the part of the Senate.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The Senator
will be allowed to proceed of course, but the
rules do not allow of that extended argument
on a motion of this kind that they do when
the merits of a question are regularly before
the Senate. The Senator from Oregon will
proceed.
Mr. CORBETT. In the first place, I wish
to submit that cotton is an article raised prin-
cipally in the late rebellious States, and that
they can produce that cotton for export to
much better advantage than they can any
other kind of product, manufactured or grain.
The amount of the exportation of cotton pre-
vious to the war was as follows : in 1856,
$128,300,000; in 1857, $181,500,000; inl858,
$131,300,000; in 1859, $161,400,000; in 1860,
$191,800,000. As soon as the war com-
menced and the price of cotton advanced—
the Senate will remember the high rate of
cotton in 1861—the exportation only amounted
to $34,000,000. The next year, 1862, it fell
to $1,000,000. In 1863 it advanced to $4,800,-
000; and in 1864 to $6,300,000. In 1865 it
fell again to $8,800,000. In 1866, when the
ports were open and cotton began to come
forward, and the price fell to thirty cents a
pound, the exportation amounted to $199,-
500,000; and in 1867 the amount exported
was $143,900,000.
Our exports for the years 1864, 1865, 1866,
and 1867 consisted of the following items, gold
estimates: In 1864 cotton exported, $6,300,-
000; other merchandise and products, $102,-
550,000; gold, $92,128,000; and there being
a large deficiency we were obliged to send
United States stocks to the amount of $227,-
461,000 to make up the deficiency of cotton
which in previous years we had been able to
export. Then we had to pay a premium of
ninety-seven on those stocks to introduce them
into the foreign markets, or in other words we
received a little over fifty cents on the dollar;
so that including those our exports amounted
to $428,439,000 to pay for $316,447,000 of
imports. In 1865, we exported $3,300,000 in
cotton; in other merchandise and products,
$157,357,000; in gold, $57,833,000; and in
United States bonds, $32,610,000, making a
total amount of exports of $251,100,000 to pay
for $238,745,000 of imports.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the difference?
Mr, CORBETT. The balance against us
was some twenty odd million, and then we had
to add the premium on gold, which made th«
