1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Woolley, or as Woolley himself, if he has been
guilty of all he is charged with.
I cannot, see that any harm will come either
from striking out the proviso, or from defeat-
ing the whole section now, and giving time for
ascertaining whether this money is to be paid
to the Indians to whom we owe it, or whether
it is to be paid to men who have cheated the
Indians out of whatever claims they had, and
propose to use this money against the Govern-
ment and the interests of the country. I
now yield to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler.] I understood him to say that the
amount due to certain parties had been de-
ducted. I have not examined this treaty par-
ticularly, butas I remember the discussion upon
this subject, another stipulation of this treaty
expressly provides that a portion of this fund
shall go to certain individuals as compensation
for claims against these Indians. Therefore,
in appropriating this money to the Choctaws,
under this provision of the treaty, it is required
by another provision of the same treaty to be
paid directly over to certain claimants against
these Indians.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to oppose this
amendment. In doing so, I premise by saying
that if the Constitution of the United States
authorizes anything to be done by the Presi-
dent, it authorizes him, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
■which, when made, shall be the supreme law
of the land.
We have again and again made treaties with
the Chickasaw and Choctaw tribes of Indians.
We have ratified those treaties, and accepted
the benefit and advantage of them. And it is
now too late to call in question the obligations
thus imposed upon the Government. If there
can, by any possibility, be any obligation fas-
tened upon the Government, it is the obligation
to the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians.
It will be recollected that those Indians occu-
pied lands east of the Mississippi ; that by
treaty stipulations they were induced to cede
those lands to us, and to retire west of the Mis-
sissippi to lands which we supposed at the time
would not be required for settlement for gen-
erations to come. We took the lands they
ceded, sold them, as has been stated, and
agreed to pay the Indians for them.
But they have been met. constantly ■with sueh
objections as are made here to-day. Finally a
treaty was made providing that the amount due
to them should be adjusted by the Senate, sit-
ting as a court, of arbitration. The Senate did
so decide the amount due to these tribes, under
and by virtue of these treaties.
They were here, before the war, and heard
through the same gentleman who now repre-
sents them, Colonel Pitchlyn, seeking to get
the amount due to them. A small amount was
paid at that time, and the rest suffered to go
over.
Then came on the war. I will not stop here
to show that, so far as the Government of the
United States was concerned, the Indians
were forced into the struggle. They were mis-
led by the very agents that we sent there to
represent us. It is our own agents who are
guilty, certainly of the moral responsibility,
of the Indians taking part against us in the
late struggle.
After the war was over we sent out our Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. He went out there
and negotiated another treaty with them, by
which this sum was agreed to be paid.
If there is any possibility of incurring an
obligation on the part of this Government, it
is that this money shall be paid to these tribes
of Indians. I am perfectly willing that all pre-
cautions on behalf of these people, who I
know need protection against sharpers and
swindlers ever hovering about them, shall be
provided by any amendment which can give it.
I have been here long enough to know that
whenever a person comes here with a claim
this Government!) he is met by the
Perry Pullers—if I may use that expression
without any personal imputation upon a gen-
tleman I never saw—a class of men who are
known as lobbyists, who besiege the claimant,
and endeavor to get him to employ them, if
they can. If that is not done, then they block
up the way of his claim, levy black mail upon
him, blasting its merits by whispering unfavor-
able suggestions in the ears of members who
have not time to investigate the matter for
themselves. It has been so ever since I have
been connected with this body, and I suppose
it will ever be so.
This claim, if any claim can be, is a valid,
legal, subsisting claim. Gentlemen talk about
further investigation. Sir, it lias been invest-
igated by the Committee on Appropriations
of the last Congress, and they recommended
its payment. It has been investigated by the
Committee on Appropriations of this Congress,
and they reco'mmend its passage. If any claim
has been thoroughly investigated, this certainly
has been. Any man who will take up the trea-
ties of the United Slates, the acts of Congress,
the reports of the Senate, and of the House,
will not hesitate for a moment to say that this
is a valid, legal, and subsisting claim, and one
that should be paid. And any private indi-
vidual who would refuse to pay such a claim
against himself would be scouted out of society
as a dishonest man.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I move to amend
by adding at t.he end of the secLion the fol-
lowing:
Provided further. That no part of said sum, princi-
pal or interest, shall be paid to any person or per-
sons claiming the same as assigneo or assignees of
said Indians, nor shall tho samo bo at any time paid
with the intent or purpose of placing it in the hands
of those claiming the same by purchase or otherwise
from said Indians.
Mr. Chairman, this claim comes in the same
form in which all claims by which the Treas-
ury has heretofore been depleted have arisen.
Now, if I understand anything of the merits
of this case, the facts are about these: a claim
originally, perhaps, fair and honest, but delayed
and embarrassed in its collection, passed for
a trifling consideration into the bauds of as-
signees, who secured an additional treaty, by
virtue of which we are now asked to pay out
this $1,800,000. If this vast sum of money
be paid, I venture to say not $100,000 will
go into the hands of tho Indians. It is not
for their benefit we are legislating. The effect
of this legislation, I apprehend, will be, not
to reimburse them for lands we have taken
from them, but it will be to place this enor-
mous sum in the hands of those who have
been speculating upon the rights of the Indians.
If you examine the history of lrauds upon the
Treasury it will be found that most of them
have come before Congress in this shape.
Now, if this money is to be paid, if these
bonds are to be issued, let the provision be so
guarded that when the money is paid we can
trace it into the hands of the Indians. If they
choose afterward to give it over into the hands
of these sharpers, we shall not be responsible
for it. It is our duty, so far as we are able, to
prevent these men from being speculated upon
by sharpers and plunderers. In this case we
have the power to do so, and it would be a
shameful omission on our part if we did not
exercise this power. I know very well that
frequently frauds of this character can be so
covered up that it is impossible to penetrate
them. I venture the assertion that there are
men now within the sound of my voice waiting
with anxious expectation for the result of our
action on this section, knowing that the very
moment we are seduced into the trap they have
set for us they become millionaires.
Mr. ORTH. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he add to his amend-
ment the following:
Which bonds when so issued shall be held by the
Treasurer of the United States in trust for said In-
dians.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I accept that a"s a
modification of my amendment.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. If, as is
claimed, this matter is governed by a treaty,
we cannot change that, treaty by a law.
Mr. ORTH. As I understand, we are sim-
ply providing for the adjustment of the debt.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I do not propose
to change the treaty.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the whole measure.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio whether his object
will not bo accomplished by withdrawing his
amendment and accepting one which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out after tho words " the Secretary of tho
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to issue
on the credit of the United States," the words "cou-
pon bonds, or registered bonds, of denominations not
less than fifty dollars each, payable twenty years
from the date of the approval of this act, bearing
interest at the rate of five per cent, lawful money,
payable semi-annually, for tho sum of $1,832,560 85,
which bonds shall be delivered to the Choctaw In-
dians : Provided, That said Choctaw tribe of Indians
shall receive the same in full satisfaction and dis-
charge of all claims of the s.iid tribe, and of tho
members thereof, against tho United States existing
prior to the 28th day of Juno, in tho year 1866," and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
Registered bonds bearing interest at the rate of
five per cent., payablo semi-annually, in lawful
money, for tho sum of $1,882,560 85, which bonds shall
bo held in trust by the Secretary of the Treasury for
tho benefit of the Choctaw Indians, and the interest
paid to them as it accrues.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio accept this in lieu of his amendment?
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. No, sir; I cannot
accept it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to suggest that
five per cent, bonds of the United States are
now considerably above par ; so that the prop-
osition is, not only to pay these Indians or
speculators all that is claiincd to be due them,
but a bonus of two or three per cent, besides.
Mr. MAYNARD. It says in lawful money.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am not speaking of sell-
ing bonds. I am speaking of this kind of
bonds.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. It is said that there
is no appropriation which can be made for the
benefit of the Indians which will be paid to
the Indians. Now, sir, I believe we have
virtue enough left in our Government, when
we appropriate money for the benefit of the
Indians so to manage it that it shall go into
their hands. We can do that with this fund
as well as with all other funds. It is our duty
to do it. I say nothing about the original obli-
gations. T say that when we appropriate
money we should look to it that it goes into
the hands of the Indians. If men come in
then and rob them we cannot help it.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I do not
propose to discuss this question, but I have
here a statement from the Cherokee delega-
tion in this city in relation to the discussion
yesterday, addressed to the Speaker of this
House, which I ask may be printed in the
Globe.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What isit?
Mr. WELKER. I insist that it should be
read before it is published.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not now in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. You can
present it, in the House.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Instead
of making any remarks I will move the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out all after the words "directed to,'Mown
to the proviso in the twonty-fourth line, and insert:
Kcgistered bonds bearing interest at the rate of five
per cent., payable semi-annually in lawful money,
for the sum of SI,832,560 85,which bonds shall be held
in trust by the Secretary of the Treasury for the
benefit of tho Choctaw Indians, and the interest paid
to them as it accrues ; and no part of said sum, prin-
cipal or interest, shall be paid to any person or per-
sonsclaimingthe same as assignee or assigneesot said
Indians, nor shall tho same be at any tune paid
with tho intent or purpose of placing it m the h anus
of those claiming the same by purchase or otherwise
from said Indians.
Mr. CLxlRKE, of Ohio. I accept that in
lieu of my own.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object to these .amendments, but they do not
render this section any more palatable tb me
