2710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 80,
if they are adopted. For, sir, I can tell my
friend from Ohio and my friend from Massa-
chusetts that human ingenuity can devise no
means which will keep this money from the
hands of speculators. I have not information
enough to justify me in voting for this section
as it is proposed to be amended. I suggest
that we let it lie over for investigation.
Let us see, sir, the effect of voting this num-
ber of bonds. Here are $1,800,000 in bonds to
be issued._ Then in the river and harbor appro-
priation bill, which has been reported, and is
now in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, provision is made for $G15,000
of bonds for the purpose of purchasing and
reopening the Louisville canal. If we go on
and issue bonds for $1,800,000 in one place
and $600,000 in another place, I should like
to know where our national debt will be when
we get through. Let us stop and let us know
all about these things. Let this section be
Struck out. Let the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, of which my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Lawkenck] is an efficient member, examine
the question. Let them call before thom per-
sons and papers, and report to us fully on the
subject at the next session of Congress.
Mr. MAYNAED. Let mo ask the gentle-
man whether he supposes there ever could be
raised a committee more •competent to investi-
gate this question than the one of which he is
the virtual chairman ?
Mr. WASHBUIJNE, of Illinois. I will say
frankly that 1 have had no time, as a member
of that committee, to give this subject the
examination 1 desired.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to give an addi-
tional reason why the amendment should not
be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
a treaty which our laws cannot repeal.
Mr. ALLISON. If the treaty is binding in
part it is binding in the whole, and whatever
is required to be paid to individual Indians
nnder the treaty will have to be paid, and these
bonds will not remain in the Treasury. There-
fore I say the only way is to refer the whole
subject, including our obligations under the
treaty, to a committee who will make a thor-
ough investigation of it.
Mr. BUTLER, I propose now, unless this
debate can cease at this moment, by unanimous
consent, to move that the committee rise.
Several Members. Agreed.
Mr. WINDOM. I want to make one remark.
Mr. HOOPEJi, of Massachusetts. I wish
to state that I am opposed to the section if
that amendment is adopted, but if the section
is to be passed I think it should pass with the
ameudment.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to make a state-
ment in reference to some matters called out
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. BUTLER. How much time?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
debate be closed in five minutes by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well.
Mr. WINDOM. I think there will be a diffi-
culty as it now stands, even if the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts should
be adopted, and I prefer that some such a
one should be adopted if it should go through
now.^ But there will be a serious difficulty
growing out of it. This amount is claimed
under the tenth article of the treaty of 1866.
The forty-ninth article of the same treaty pro-
vides as follows:
"And be it farther agreed. That a commission, to
consist of a, person or persons to be appointed bv
the President of the United States, shall be appointed
immediately on the ratification of this treaty, and
shall take into consideration anddetermine the claim
of such Choctaws and Chickasaws as allege thoy have
been driven durinc the late rebellion from their
homes in the Choctaw nations on account of their
adhesion to the United States, for damages, with
power to make such award as may be consistent with
equity and good conscience, taking into view all
circumstances, whose report, when ratified by the
Secretary of the Interior, shall be final and author-
ize the payment of the amount from any moneys of
said nations in the hands of tho United States as the
said commission may award."
Now, by this same treaty there is a provis-
ion for the payment of damages which these
Indians have done during the war. It seems
therefore to me we should not settle one part
of the controversy without settling the whole,
and it is for that reason I want either the sug-
gestion I made myself or that made by thegen-
tleman from Illinois should be adopted by the
House. I do not care whether it goes to the
Committee on the Judiciary or on Indian Af-
fairs. I would quite as lief be free from under-
taking to make this examination; I believe,
however, it properly belongs to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and I am ready to under-
take it if such is the wish of the House.
Mr. WASIIBUIINE, of Illinois. The rea-
son why I wished to have this referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary was that they
already have had the subject before them par-
tially by a resolution of the House, and, as I
understand, have entered on the investigation.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Clarke, of Ohio, it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on striking out
the section, as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr, PILE. I move to amend, by adding
the following as additional sections :
Skc. . And he it further enacted, That no money
shall be paid out of tho Treasury iu pursuance of tho
appropriations made in this act. except on the follow-
ing conditions, namely: that from and alter tho 1st
day of August, IKijS, the Secretary (if Warshall exer-
cise thesuiH'i visoryand appellate powers and possess
thejurisdictiou now exercised and possessed by tho
Socretsiry of tho Interior in rolation to all the acts
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and shallsign
all requisitions for tho advance or payment of money
outot tho 'JL'ica^ury on eslimates or accounts, sub- l
joct to tho same adjustment or con trot now exercised
on similar estimates or accounts by tho Auditors and
Comptrollers of tho Xicasury, or either of them.
Sko.—. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War shall be authoiixed, whenever in his
opinion it shall promoto the economy and efficiency
of the In diau worvicc, to establish convenient depart-
ments tiud districts lor the piopcr administration of
the duties now imposed by law on the superintendents
of Indian affairs, and upon agents and sub-agents,
and tosuhstitute for.such superintendents and agents
officers of the Army of the United States, who shall
be designated for that purpose, and who shall then
becomo charged with all tho duties now imposed by
jaw upon the superintendents and agents thus super-
seded, and without additional compensation there-
for. The Secietary of W.u shall also do tail an otliccr,
not below the rank of brigadier fceneral. to fill the
office and discharge the duties of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. Officers of the Army designated to
perform the duties of commissioner, superintendent,
agent, or sub-agent,shall not bo required to give the
bonds now required of civil appointees, but shall be
responsible for any neglect or maladministration,
according to the Rules and Articles of War.
Mr. WOOD. I raise tho point of order that
that amendment is new legislation ; it proposes
to make ail entire change in the department.
The C1IA1RMAN. The first part proposing
merely to limit an express condition upon which
the money is to be expended would be in order.
The remainder, instituting now legislation for
the government of the Indian department, is
out of order.
Mr. PILE. ITow much does the Chairman
rule to be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman offers
one amendment. If any part of it is out of
order the whole of it is. That which merely
proposes conditions to the appropriation would
be in order.
Mr. TAFFE. I offer the following amend-
ment as a proviso to section one:
Provided, That none of the payments herein pro-
vided for shall be made, unless the Secretary of tho
Interior shall bo satisfied that the tribes, bands, or
individuals named have observed the treaty stipula-
tions under which such payments have becomo due,
and also the provisions of any other treaty with the
Government to which thoy may be parties, or in caso
portions of said tribes or bands havo observed all of
said obligations, payment shall be made to thom pro
rata.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PILE. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to the bill the followingnew section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no money
shall be paid out of the Treasury, in pursuance of
the appropriations made in this act, except on the
following conditions, namely: that from and after
the 1st day of August, 1868, the Secretary of War
shall exercise the supervisory and appellate powers,
and possess the jurisdiction now exercised and pos-
sessed by the Secretary of the Interior in relation to
all the acts of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and shall sign all requisitions for the advance or pay-
ment of money out of the Treasury on estimates or
accounts, subject to the same adjustment or control
now exercised on similar estimates or accounts by tho
Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treasury, or either
of thom.
Mr. WOOD. ' I make the same point of
order. That is clearly new legislation. It is
a proposition to incorporate in this bill an en-
tirely new principle, to trasfer virtually the
whole Indian Bureau to the War Department.
It cannot come in in this way. It may be right
in itself, but it should be tho subject of a dis-
tinct bill.
Mr. liOSS. It devolves upon the War
Department the duties of the Indian depart-
ment, and changes the exisinglaw on that sub-
ject.
Mr. JOHNSON. We shall soon have all
the Departments of tho Government in the
hands of tho military.
Mr. ROSS. They have enough now.
Mr. PILE. The amendment simply pro-
poses a condition on the appropriations made
in the bill, and I believe that has been uni-
formly ruled to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule the
amendment not in order. It is in order to
limit a specific appropriation, the limitation
running with the year for which the appropri-
ation is intended. But the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri contemplates a per-
manent transfer of the Indian Bureau to the
War Department as a condition on a single
annual appropriation. The Chair decides that
such legislation is not in order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
in the remarks I submitted to the committee
yesterday, on the bill now under considera-
tion, I was unable in the brief space of time
allotted to me say all I desired, and especially
in reference to the sale of the Cherokee neu-
tral lands.
I wish now to say that my object was to
prove that the treaty-making power could not
constitutionally dispose of the public lands, and
that the treaties made for that purpose were
unwise, inexpedient, and subversive of the
whole land policy of the Government.
The evil I aimed at was the exercise of an
unauthorized power. I wish now to say that
I never doubted the honesty, the purity of pur-
pose, or the fidelity of Mr. Hari.ax, formerly
Secretary of the Interior. I know him well.
He is a peer among the ablest of the able men
of this nation. In selling the Cherokee neu-
tral lands he only performed, in pursuance of
a treaty, a duty which he could not avoid, and
ho performed it honestly, faithfully, and as
wisely and as well as it was possible to per-
form it by virtue of the authority under which
he acted. He is ahove reproach and beyond
suspicion. Ho could not refuse to perform the
service which he did, for the treaty left him
no discretion, arid he exercised his discretion
to the best possible advantage. I do not com-
plain of him, but I do object to the treaty
under which he acted. No just man can doubt
his fidelity or complain of his official conduct.
That all he has done is sutliciently shown by
Executive Document No. 85, second session
Fortieth Congress, which relates to this sub-
ject, and by other facts well known to all of
us. I do not doubt either that it is the duty
of the Government to dispose of these lands
for the benefit of the Cherokee Indians. Their
title is perhaps recognized by the effect of the
appropriation act of Congress of July 2, 1830.
I now move to amend the bill by adding the
following as an additional section ;
And be it further enacted, That the Cherokee neutral
lands shall not be sold or conveyed until provision is
made act of Congress. securing to the Cherokee
Indians Sw0,000, payable m installments within nine
J'f^T^^V^crest, to be paid by the Government of
tne United states, ana securing to persona now in
tlie occupancy of any of said lands the title thereto,
in accordance with existing treaty stipulations, ana
providing/or'the sale or homestead entry of tho res-
idueof said lands. And no patent shall issue for
any lands which have been sold under the provisions
oi any treaty, andno sale shall hereafter be made by
virtue of the provisoes of any treaty.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I make the
