3734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul j 6,
and no other person shall be competent to
administer the oath, save in the absence of
the secretary ; in which case any one member
of either house may administer the oath to the
presiding officer elect, and he shall administer
the same to the members and other officers.
The animal salary of the secretary of the Terri-
tory is to be 53)000 per annum from and after
the 1st day of February, 18ti7.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I see from the reading of
the bill that the salary of the secretary of the
Territory ia to be increased and redate back
a year or so. I inquire the object of that? Is
there any necessity for it?
Air. YATES. Only that that officer has been
in office that long ; that is all.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the salary of the
secretary now?
Mr. YATES. The salary is $2,000.
Mr. HAULAN'. I move to amend the bill
so as to make the increase of salary to take
effect from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. YATES. I accept the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. 11 is proposed to amend
the bill in section two, line eleven, by inserting
after the word " dollars" the words " to take
effect from and after the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that this
bill increases the salary of the secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico §1,000. Am I right ?
Mr. YATES. One thousand dollars isadded
for his services as superintendent of public
buildings and grounds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It takes that much from
some other officers?
Mr. YATES. No ; it gives him $1,000 as
superintendent of public buildings and grounds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am not informed in
regard to the bill, but if you increase the salary
of one of these secretaries to $8,000 the Sen-
ate may as well understand they will all be
after the same thiug. I do not wish to inter-
pose any objection to it more than call atten-
tion to it. I leave the subject to the Committee
on Finance and the Committee on Appropria-
tions, who usually look after those matters.
Mr. YATES. I see that there is a mistake
in the printing of the bill. In the twenty-first
line of the second section the word " three"
is printed by mistake for "two." I move to
amend it by striking out " three " and insert-
ing "two;" so as to make the proviso read:
Provided, That the annual salary of tho secretary
of said Territory .shall be SiOOO per annum l'rom and
after tiio Ut. day ot February, 1867,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I see that the bill makes
provision in reference to the veto power of the
Governor? Is that a new provision? IIow
does it change the existing law?
Mr. YATES. The veto power of the Gov-
ernor of New Mexico is now unqualified. He
can veto any law passed by the territorial Legis-
lature, and it cannot be repassed over his head
byatwo thirds vote. This enablesatwo-thirds
vote to pass a bill over.his veto.
Mr. POMEROY. It changes the organic act,
then, in that respect.
Mr. YATES. Yes, to conform to what our
Constitution is, and what the constitution of
Kansas is.
Mr. POME ROY. I do not know what were
the reasons which influenced Congress when in
passing the organic act for the Territory of
New Mexico it provided that the Governor
might veto a bill and thereshouldbenoremedy
in the Legislature. If there were good reasons
ior it formerly, and those reasons do not exist
now, it may be very well to make this change:
but 1 do not understand how the fact is.
Mr. YA'IES. Under the law as it now stands
the veto power of the Governor is absolute.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that, but I
say there must have been some reason for itat
the time the law was passed, and I want to
know whether that reason exists to-day.
Mr. YATES. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senator, that the Legislature has
passed a great many laws which have not gone
into force because of the Governor's veto. The
object of this bill is to regulate the veto power
and to allow the representatives of the people
in the territorial Legislature to overrule a veto
by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. POMEROY. It may be right. The
only question I had was why it was not put so
in the beginning? Why New Mexico was made
an exception to all other Territories? If the
Senator and his committee agiee that the change
should be made I will not oppose it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The organic acts of the Ter-
ritories differ; they are notalike in this respect.
Some territorial Governors hud an absolute
veto previously to the organization of New
Mexico, and the committee have endeavored
to make the veto power uniform throughout
the Territories, to make it in all cases a quali-
fied instead of an absolute veto.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think some little
explanation ought to be given of this bill. I
suppose my attention was called to it hereto-
fore, but I perceive that it was reported in
March last, and oilier things have excluded it
from my mind. I should like to have some
explanation of the bill from the chairman of
the committee.
Mr. YATES. I have already said that under
the law as it now is the Governor of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico has an unqualified veto
power, without any limitation whatever. The
object of the first section of this bill is to pro-
vide that the territorial Legislature, by a two-
thirds vote, may overrule his veto. The other
section is that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall have the supervision of the public build-
ings and grounds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that is all I see no
objection to it.
The bill was ordered t.o be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
mississippi river improvement.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to enter a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill (H. R, No. 564)
making a grant of land to the State of Minne-
sota to aid in the improvement of the navigation
of the Mississippi was passed on Friday. It is
a bill granting some two or three hundred thou-
sand acres ot land in the State of Minnesota
to improve the Palls of St. Anthony. I do not
know but that it is right; but 1 have been told
this morning that the falls are owned by pri-
vate individuals, and the bill ought not to pass.
I wish to enter a motion to reconsider in order
that I may have an opportunity to examine and
look into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion will be entered.
Mr. POMEROY. I will call it up for con-
sideration at some future time.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will do
it shortly ; within a few days.
Mr. POMEROY. The information which
I have received only came to me this morning.
I did not know it before. I desire to examine
the bill before it goes out of our hands.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is true that the falls in
a measure are private property; but the navi-
gation of the river above the falls, which has
been much damaged by them, is public prop-
erty ; and the injury to that navigation is what
the people there complain of.
Mr. POMEROY. I will inquire of the
Chair if the bill to which I refer has gone to
the other House?
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The Chair
is informed that it has.
Mr. POMEROY._ Then I move that the
Secretary be directed to request the return of
the bill from the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
ladies' mount vernon association.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Claims
presented to the Senate to-day a report with-
out expressing any opinion on the question
which the bill presents. It is a bill providing
compensation upon certain grounds for the
Ladies' Mount Vernon Association. Thei-i
memorial I presented to the Senate some three
or four weeks ago. It states the whole case, and
presents one, as I think, that will command the
favor of the Senate. It is shortly this : they
were incorporated for the purpose of securing
the tomb of Washington. They were compar-
atively without funds after having paid the
purchase-money for the place. The only source
! ofievenuethey had was what they received tioia
the passengers, who from day to day went from
this ci'y in a steamer under the control of the
association, yielding them several thousand
dollars, and with that they were enabled to
keep the premises in repair. The United States,
during the war, having occasion for the use of
the steamer, tooK possession of it, and they
lost, therefore, that source and the only source
of revenue they had. They are now utterly
destitute of all means with which to preserve
the house and the tomb of Washington. Their
memorial was presented to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and a bill identical with the one
upon jour table was reported by the appro-
priate committee, and was passed by a very large
majority, but the yeas and nays being called it
turned out that there was not a quorum, and
upon that ground, and that ground alone, it
was defeated. The friends of the bill there are
exceedingly anxious that the Senate should act
upon it, if the Senate shall see fit to act upon a
measure like this at once, there being no doubt
that it will forthwith receivc the sanction of the
House of Representatives ; and 1 am sure that
every member of the Senate will insiinctiv.ly be
ready to do anything that shows the veneration
in which we all hold the remains of Washington,
and everything connected with the place wliere,
for go many years, he resided, and where amid
the tears of the nation he died. 1 move, there-
fore, that the Senate take up that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 588) for the relief of the Mount Vernon
Ladies' Association of the Union was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to appropriate $7,000 for the relief of
the association.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not know why we should pass this
bill. Unless Congress is going to take posses-
sion of Mount Vernon and take care of it I
do not see why we should make this appropri-
ation. I should be quite willing that Congress
should do it in order to rescue it from the dis-
grace of such care as it has had for the last
few years. I understand it is in a very dilapi-
dated condition ; but this appropriation is to
keep a ccrtain family housed therein, and to
contribute to their support.
So far as the equities of the case are con-
cerned any party that suffered damage during
the war, any watering establishment that Uid
not receive as much patronage during the war
as it would have done if there had been no war,
would have the same right and the same claim
to come to Congress for a further compensation.
1 have been informed—1 know not with what
truth—that the party who has charge of this
Mount Vernon establishment is a regular seces-
sionist, one of the fiercest of the tribe, of the
feminine gender. I do not know whether it is
true or not, but I have so understood. So far
as my sympathies are concerned 1 am free to
say that I have none in favor of the appiopria-
tion.. I do not think that the matter is well
managed, or will be by the parties who now
have it in charge.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator who
moves the bill will give us some statement or
explanation in regard to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 did.
Mr. CONKLING. It is a round appropria-
tion of $7,000 for the benefit of th i-S iloSOClil-
tion. I know that the Senator did say some-
thing about it j but I should like to know what
has been done a little more specifically with
the money, and how it is that its returns, here-
tofore understood to yield so much, have fallen
short.
Mr JOHNSON. I gave the only explana-
tion that I thought necessary to be given;
