1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
men were under the influence of moral coer-
cion, and therefore excusable." Sir, a man
disposed to yield to such influences must be
taught to overbalance such " moral coercion"
v by the apprehension of just punishment. That
is the way 1 propose to keep such men in
order. Sir, if had my way, I would not allow
any man who had raised his wicked arm in
rebellion against this Government ever to en-
joy those'full and unrestricted privileges which
belong rightly only to the pure unswerving
patriot. Never, sir. Let rebels "take back
seats." Let the brand of infamy remain upon
them as a warning to those who in after time
may be disposed to commit this greatest of
crimes.
Mr. BROOM ALL. Mr. Speaker, I en-
deavored to get the floor yesterday for the
purpose of opposing this resolution. My re-
gard for the barriers which the test-oath pre-
sents to the admission of rebels on this floor
is such that at the first view I could not bring
myself to consent to a single act in the way of
"letting down the bars." I failed, however,
to get the floor. Since that time 1 have care-
fully read the testimony, having before that
only a general idea of the facts; and I have
been forced to the conviction that my duty
requires me to change front and to advocate
the passage of this resolution or some similar
one having the same object.
Now, the object of the test-oath was to ex-
clude from the oflices of the United States and
from the Halls of legislation all who had taken
part in the recent rebellion, knowingly and
willingly and with their hearts in it. It is
found that the scope of the act of the 2d of
March, 1862, is too large, if the testimony in
the case of Mr. Butler is to be believed. The
words of that act embrace his case according
to the testimony, but the spirit of the act
does not.
Now, while I am in favor of general legis-
lation in all cases, I recognize the fact that in
all general legislation difficulties of this kind
will occur, and special eases which wore never
intended to bo embraced in a general enact-
ment have to be provided for, and when spe-
cial cases arise I trust I shall always be ready
to provide for them. I do not look upon this
joint resolution as really abandoning anything
in the test-oath law we have not already con-
templated to be changed by constitutional
amendment, which, the opinion of the Secre-
tary of State to the contrary notwithstanding,
is undoubtedly now a part of the Constitution
of the United States. We have, I say, already
provided for a state of things which will re-
quire a modification of this test-oath. By that
amendment, the fourteenth article, we have
provided that certain parties who have been
actually concerned in the rebellion, and who
have been intentionally in it, shall be relieved
from political disabilities by the act of two thirds
of both Houses of Congress; but that relief
will not allow them to take seats upon this
floor, unless by general or special legislation
the test-oath is modified to suit the change of
the Constitution.
In Sir. Butler's case, if he be admitted to a
seal upon this floor, two enactments will be
necessary. The passage of this joint resolu-
tion by both Houses will not be sufficient. It
will be neccssary for both Houses of Congress
to pass upon his individual case by action in
the nature of an enactment to relieve him from
his disability before he can occupy a seat upon
this floor. The resolution would allow him to
take the oath modified, as it proposes, but the
fourteenth article of the Constitution comes in
to prevent his entering into office. These two
acts will be necessary, first, to modify the
oath by general or special enactment, and,
secondly—or you may reverse the order if you
please—to relieve him from his disability by
two thirds of both Houses.
In this I do not see any interference with
the act of March 2, 1802, further than is con-
templated in the constitutional amendment.
The two Houses of Congress may relieve dis-
abilities from thousands of men of the South,
but while the oath remains as it is they cannot
take their seats in the Halls of legislation,
because they cannot conscientiously take the
oath.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I will.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I have listened to the
gentleman with a great deal of satisfaction,
but I would like to know whether he is for Mr.
Butler or against him ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I think the gentleman
failed to hear almost my opening remarks. I
think he did not listen as much as he thinks he
did. I said I had arrived at the conclusion,
after reading the whole testimony, my duty
required me to advocate the passage of this
resolution or some other one answering the
same end. If the gentleman had heard that
I think ho would consider mo somewhat com-
mitted to giving Mr. Butler a seat upon this
floor in some way or other.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is what I wanted to
know, and I am glad the gentleman is with me.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am glad the gentleman
is with me. I have always noticed that he votes
right when he votes with me, though that hap-
pens rarely. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question, and in order to
ask the question I must read from the four-
teenth article of the amendment of the Consti-
tution. The third section of that article is as
follows:
"No pcrsonshall bcaScnatoror Representative in
Congress, or elector ot President and Vice President,
or hold any office, civil or military, under the Uni-
ted SUitesorundorany State, who,having previously
taken an oath as a member of Conga-ess, or as an offi-
cer ot'the United States,or asamembor of any State
Legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of
any State, to support the Constitution of tho United
States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebel-
lion against the same, or given aid or comfort to tho
enemies thereof."
Now, tho question I wish to ask my friend
from Pennsylvania is this: if this is a part of
the Constitution—and I believe with the gen-
tleman there can be no doubtof it—and if Mr.
Butler, as is admitted on all hands, stood in
this attitude toward the rebellion, how can he
be admitted upon this floor as a member of
Congress without his disability having been
removed bv a two-thirds vote?
Mr. BROOMALL. Tho gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Price,] like the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Elduidoe,] was not listening
to me as attentively as I had hoped he was and
believed he was trom the earnestness with
which he seemed to listen, or lie would have
heard me say that the passage of this resolu-
tion alone will not admit Mr. Butler. Neither
would the passage of a general law admit any-
body to a seat in cither House of Congress
without something else, and that something
else is the action contemplated by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution, which
the gentleman has just read; or rather a part
of it, for he did not read the part upon which
I rely for the relief of Mr. Butler. What 1
maintain is, that two acts are necessary. I do
not care myself in what form they come or
which comes first. We must modify the test-
oath by general or special legislation, because
the constitutional amendment requires us to do
it; and we must then remove the disabilities
of the parties when we want to admit them in
the manner provided by the constitutional
amendment. „
Mr. PRICE. I am very glad to find that my
friend is in this case exactly right, as he gen-
erally is. I supposed that he referred to the
original resolution introduced by the Commit-
tee of Elections. That was what misled me.
Mr. BROOMALL. I referred to the first
resolution bccause it is the resolution reported
by the committee. Two methods are proposed
by those who are willing to admit Mr. Butler
to a seat on this floor. One is to pass a gen-
eral law relieving from the necessity of taking
the test-oath such persons as shall be relieved
of their political disabilities in the manner
pointed out by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution. The other is to pass a special
law relieving Mr. Butler from taking that part
of the oath which is inconsistent with his case,
and then to relieve him from political disability
and such other persons as shall bring them-
selves within the rule which, I suppose, the
House and Senate will adopt for that purpose.
Now, I repeat, I do not care which of these
modes is adopted; it is wholly immaterial;
the same end would be answered by either;
but I prefer the resolution as reported from
the committee because it relates to the indi-
vidual case which we have before us and to
facts with which we are familiar. I am not
sure that cases might not arise and come here
which would make us regret that we had passed
a general law. We keep the matter in our own
hands by making an enactment applicable to
Mr. Butler's case alone in the manner pro-
posed by the committee, but we part with it if
we pass a general law, and we may do so to
our regret. Hence, I say, I prefer the resolu-
tion as it comes from the committee. I know as
a general rule it is better that we should have
general than special legislation. But, as I
remarked a little while ago, special legislation
is necessary in these cases. It is a special
enactment, or something in the nature of it,
that is contemplated in the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution; and, as we cannot
avoid special legislation, I do not see why we
should mix general and special legislation
together in the same case. Let us take the
cases as they come.
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman allow me
to inquire if he understands my proposition as
requiring a special enactment in the case of
Mr. Butler to be passed by a two-thirds vote?
Mr. BROOMALL. By either propositionit
is necessary for the House and Senate to pass
an act, if you choose to call it so, by which the
disabilities are removed by a two-thirds vote.
The guard which the gentleman proposes to
preserve by his mode, it seems to me, is not
preserved by it any more than by the mode
proposed by the committee. Mr. Butler can-
not take his seat in any event without a two-
thirds vote of both Houses under the constitu-
tional amendment. He, therefore, does not
guard this floor against the intrusion of rebels
any belter by his proposition than is done by
the proposition reported from the committee.
The only advantage of his proposition is that
it is general and not special, and I have already
stated why I prefer in this case a special to a
general law, but I conscnt to either.
Mr. COOK. I would like to ask the gentle-
man, if my proposition is adopted, must there
not be a special law passed in the case of Mr.
Butler, as well as in any other, by a two-thirds
vote of each House ?
Mr. BROOMALL. In either case that will
be necessary. It will be necessary if the reso-
lution reported by the committee is passed.
Mr. COOK. 1 would like to ask if the reso-
lution reported by the committee may not be
passed by a majority vote?
Mr. BROOMALL. It may, certainly; but
Mr. Butler will have to have a vote of two
thirds of both Houses before he can take his
seat. It merely modifies the oath in his case,
instead of, as the gentleman proposes, in all
such cases, and allows him, when the disability
comes to be removed in the regular way, to
take the modified oath.
Mr. BROMWELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman if he contemplates that this resolu-
tion is to be passed by a two-thirds vote, and
if it will be inoperative if not so passed ?
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I have
been singularly unfortunate in endeavoring to
get gentlemen to understand me. Of course,
1 do not suppose that the resolution requires a
two-thirds vote, butwhen this resolution passes
it will not entitle Mr. Butler to take the oath
of office and take his seat. It will be neces-
sary to provide, under the last amendment to
the Constitution, that his disability shall be
removed by a two-thirds vote of both Houses
of Congress.
Now, the question arises whether this case is
