1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
303
support it from their own resources in the | men in every sense of these colored people; >
and for that purpose, among other things, we
organized ^he Freedmen's Bureau, which has 1
been quite expensive, and we have bestowed
upon them the elective franchise. And now,
while we are attempting to elevate and ennoble !
that class of men, we propose to strike at the
industry to which they have been accustomed
from their infancy up to the present moment,
the only instrumentality which it is in the power
of those men to use in order to educate and
support their families, by selecting out the
article of cotton, the only agricultural product
reared upon American soil that is taxed, and
impose upon it n tax of twenty-three per cent.
And yon do this when you protect all free labor
in the North by imposing an average duty of
sixty-five percent, upon all articles which come
in competition with northern labor from abroad.
Do you say that this is not striking at free labor
in the South? We all know that it is. If it
be not, what becomes of the argument of forty
years' standing, that the free labor of the coun-
try needed protection and that your tariff had
a tendency to foster, protect, ennoble, and
dignify American labor?
Yet here you take from the very poorest, the
most dependent agricultural laborers in the
country, the producers of a raw material which
is wrought by hand, twenty-three per cent, of
the value of his product while you protect the
skilled laborer of the country to the average
extent of sixty-five per cent., knowing at the
same time that this burden which you impose
upon the needy American producer of cotton
operates as a forty per cent, bonus to the grower
of cotton in India and Egypt, to enable the
latter to drive your own producer out of the
markets of the world. This is the chapter of
history we are making.
But it is said that the tax is not twenty-five
per cent., and we are referred to the price of
cotton in Liverpool to verify the statement.
We. all know that the manner of producing,
buying, and selling cotton, is changed now.
Instead of there being a gin upon every plant-
ation, as was the case formerly, three or four
or half a dozen men in a neighborhood own a
gin together. A poor negro man brings up
twenty or twenty-five pounds of cotton in a sack
and turns it over to the owners of the gin and
receives the small price of four or five or six
cents in order to support his family. We are
not to be governed, therefore, in legislating on
this subject by the price of cotton in Liverpool,
but by the local price that the poor laborer—
the man whom we are seeking to elevate, to
whom we have given the elective franchise, and
who has cotton only as the instrument by which
he can be elevated—can get at the gin where he
is compelled to part with it. Cotton is either
raised or owned now by the rich planters. In
all the future it is to be produced by the black
man, and when you strike at cotton you strike
at that poor, down-trodden producer of it. If
there be the same relation between the laborer
and his reward that there is elsewhere why is
it not so?
And, Mr. President, under what circum-
stances do we propose to continue this burden?
We are to do it when the Secretary of the Treas-
ury tells us that the imposition of the tax
deranges the finances of the country; that it
cripples the industry of the North as well as of
the South, and that the exigencies of the Treas-
ury do not require the tax; when that opinion
is confirmed by the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue; when the Ways and Means Commit-
tee of the House of Representatives are unani-
mously of the same opinion ; when the House
of Representatives are nearly as unanimous;
when the Committee on Finance of the Sen-
ate, by a nearly unanimous vote, concur in
that opinion; and when, I undertake to say,
the great majority of the commercial and man-
ufacturing interests of the country concur in
that opinion, as well as every impartial polit-
ical economist and statist in this country who
has given the slightest consideration to this
subject.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hender-
Nurth. \Yest. and East. I have no apprehen-
sions on that subject, and I trust the chairman
ot' the Committee on Finance has not, and
therefore that he will be willing at least to post-
pone this subject until we shall reassemble
here in January. But, sir, I do not desire to
consume further time on this subject-.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not intend to say any-
thing on this subject, but I believe 1 shall
occupy a few moments of the time of the
Senate in giving the reasons why I am con-
strained to vote against the proposition of the
Senator from New York [Mr. Coxkmxg] in
order that I may vote for the proposition of
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessen'dex,]
which is to suspend the operation of this tax
on cotton for the period of one year, until we
can see what may be the effect of that sus-
pension upon the industry and the finances of
the country.
Mr. President, there has been some pretty
severe criticisms made, I believe, since the
debate began five or six days ago, upon the
supposed inconsistent position of the Special
Commissioner of Revenue on this subject. In
his letter to the Secretary of the Treasury he
spoke of the imposition of this cotton tax two
years ago as having been a temporary tax. I
certainly so considered it at the time it was
imposed. Perhaps the Commissioner might
more properly have used the term ''experi-
mental tax." All the taxes that were imposed
at that time were, in fact, experiments. We
all so regarded and spoke of them. We have
been taking them off from some articles and
putting them on others, and changing them
every few weeks, or every few months, cer-
tainly every session, since we began this sys-
tem of internal direct taxation. I know very
well that the Special Commissioner of Revenue
spoke of the tax on cotton in his report two
years ago as proposed by him as being a proper
one at the then present price of cotton ; but
he indicated that in all human probability it
would be necessary to lower the tax as the
price of cotton decreased ; and I know further
that Mr. Edward Atkinson and other gentle-
men of Boston, whose testimony accompanies
the report of the Commissioner, and whose
opinions were the most influential in causing
the imposition of this tax, also took the same
view. The true question before us then is,
what has experience taught us on this subject?
Is it wise to continue the tax? Does the
condition of our finances require it? Will it
improve the industries of the country? Can
its continuance be longer justified?
Now, sir, I have always voted for taxes on
cotton. I have so voted, not because they are
based upon the slightest principle in the world
except the same principle that will justify a
forced loan.
What is the true position of the case before
us? What is the condition in which we find
ourselves on this subject? I should like to
call the attention of the Senator from Vermont
and of the Senate to the chapter that we are
now making in American history as it is to be
read in the future. There were eleven States
of the Union that undertook to destroy our
Government for the sake, as they insisted, of
preserving their property in men. They levied
war and appealed to arms. In those eleven
States slaves had been held as property for
many generations of men. In six of those States
those slaves were employed almost exclusively
in the production of cotton for ne«, ly a cen-
tupr. They had been employed in hardly any-
thing else. That was the means by which they
supported and accumulated wealth for their
masters, and procured their own daily bread.
They are accustomed to no other kind of labor.
The rebellion against the Government was
crushed out;. We have been the victors. As
the victors we have imposed terms upon, the
rebels. One of those terms is, that those
slaves shall be free men from this time forward.
We have done that as an act of precaution and
as an act of justice. We have felt it to be our
duty to elevate, to educate, and to make free
son] was frank enough the other day to admit
that the people of his State and of the whole
Mississippi valley were particularly interested
in this matter. I believe that admission of his
called for some criticism on the part of some-
body. Sir, we are deeply interested in this
subject. We are not anxious, as some gentle-
men avow that they are anxious, that the pro-
duction of cotton in the South shall be broken
up and that the people of that section in the
future shall only produce corn aiul the cereals
in the place of cotton. We want labor in the
South to be rehabilitated and reorganized. We
want the old productions resumed and labor
there to have its proper reward. We want the
southern States to furnish in the future as they
once did a reliable market for the agricultural
products of the Northwest. Is there anything
improper in this? What is the argument that
our New England friends urge here in favor
of their sixty-five per cent, upon all the im-
ports of the country? Why, that they, by the
aid of that duty, build up a market where our
agricultural products are consumed. Are they
unwilling that we should have two markets?
Is it not just as proper for us to be interested
in having a market at the South, and to that
end allow the southern people to raise just
such agricultural products as they please, as that
we should vote to enforce sixty-five per cent,
of duties on such imported foreign articles aa
we consume and then attempt to justify our-
selves on the ground that we are thereby to
make a market for agricultural products in the
eastern States?
The truth is, sir, that this tax on a raw agri-
cultural product cannot be justified upon any
principle. It can only be excused as a forced
loan, just as you can justify the imposition of
any kind of a duty in time of war, or in time
of peace perhaps, when it becomes absolutely
essential that such a tax should be raised in
order to maintain the very existence of the
Government, and not otherwise.
It is said that this is the only way in which
we shall ever be able to obtain much, if any,
revenue from these southern States. Is this
so ? If it be, it does not lie in my mouth, nor
it does not lie in the mouths of several Sen-
ators here to make the argument. It so hap-
pens that some of these States, excluding the
article of cotton, pay more duty into the Fed-
eral Treasury than many of the loyal States.
Why, sir, the State of Louisiana paid into the
Treasury during the year 1867, $2,828,000,
excluding whisky and raw cotton, while the
State of Iowa only paid $1,296,000, and the
State of Wisconsin only paid $2,037,645 83.
Now it is said that the million Of people in the
State of Iowa do not pay their proportion of
the national burdens simply because we do not
pay directly into the Treasury as much money
as is paid in other States. Do we not pay
exactly accordingto our necessities and accord-
ing to our capacity to buy? If we buy sheet-
ings or shirtings or woolen goods or hardware
or any other article that is used in domestic
economy or upon our farms of the people of
New England, do we not pay the duty that the
Government imposes upon that article? Is it
not just so with the people in Louisiana and
Mississippi ?
If they buy an article they have to pay the
duty indirectly that goes into the national
Treasury ; and they pay exactly in proportion
to their necessities and their capacity to pay.
If you are going to take twenty-live per cent,
out of their agricultural productions how will
they ever be able to pay anything directly into
the Treasury ? And what does this argument
amount to? Are we willing to establish the
principle that because a purely agricultural
State, or cluster of States, fail to pay any con-
siderable amount into the national Treasury
therefore you may select the principal agricul-
tural product of those States for taxation, in
order to equalize the burdens of government
among the States? What does the argument
amount to but this?
I have said all that I desired to Bay on thi 
subject. I am willing that the tax should be
