3736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
subject,, postponing it, referritig.it to commit
tees, having it now under the charge of the
Secretary ot War, or of some other officer, so
that there is no question but that it may he
properly appropriated, ihis appropriation may
be made. Why, it is very little that we do. The
people have bought the property ; we have
done nothing; and this is the first appropria-
tion, 1 believe, that wo have been called upon
to make.
Mr. JOHNSON. The first.
Sir. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor I'rom New Jersey reminds us that the people
go by thousands on pilgrimages to Mount Ver-
non. That is true; and they bring back by
thousands one report, that this property needs
supervision, that the house needs repair, that
generally more money should be spent there
in order to keep the place in order. That is
the report, i believe, that is brought back by
all these pilgrims. It seems to me that is
enough to justify our action. We did not ori-
ginally give the money by which this purchase
■was made; nor have we contributed at all to
keep these ladies in the supervision ol the
place. Let us not, then, undertake to play
the critics. Finding, however, that there is
need for something to be done there, it seenft
to me proper and becoming that Congress at
this moment should step in aud supply the
means. The sum proposed is not consider-
able. It is what I think tor the purpose we
may all be content to appropriate. I hope,
therefore, it will not be done.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the special order.
The PitESiDliNTj^-o tempore. The morn-
ing morning hour having expired  
Mr. SUAiNER. i think we eau have a vote
on this bill now.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The special
order is the tax lull.
Mr. SUMNER aud others. Let us vote on
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There cannot be a vote
now; there will be further debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If this bill
is continued, the question is on referring it to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. I think if it is to be referred
it ought to go to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, it is a more appro-
priate committee than the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. Postponing this bill until
to-morrow will do no hurt, i prefer to go on
with the tax bill.
JiVUMING SESSIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Housebill
No. 1284 is the special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. To expedite our progress
on the special order, 1 submit this motion:
Ordered, That during the pendency of the tax and
funding Lulls the tienato wilt, unless otherwise or-
dered, tako a recess at live o'clock p. m. until half
past seven p. m.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator from
Ohio whether he thinks it advisable to provide
for that in advance ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This enables us to have
an evening session.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate will bear in
mind that the measures we are about to con-
sider are such as will probably require the best
attention of the Senate. If the Senate sits
from twelve o'clock until five engaged in real
work it will hardly ba in a condition to come
back at hall past seven and continue the same
. class ol work.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ara perfectly indifferent
myself; but 1 think it will expedite business
to have the Senate keep the power to have an
evening session. The order can be changed;
if on account of the heat or any other cause a
night session should be found to be not advis-
able we can dispense with it by an adjourn-
ment. i think we had better adopt the order;
Mr. BUCKALEW. _ I am perfectly willing
to vote for night sessions and serve at night
sessions, after the day of adjournment shall
hav6 been fixed, when thb ns'cesfc'itv for them
shall be entirely manifest; but with the present
weather upon us 1 think it is unnecessarily
exhausting to the Senate for us now to have
night sessions. 1 am not quite sure that there
is an absolute necessity for it. Probably if we
sit at night during this week and next week
we shall work so hard as not to leel like having
night sessions when they shall be absolutely
necessary.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the mo-
tion. As 1 understand the motion, it is an
order for a recess from five to halt past seven
o'clock to consider the tax bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; during the pendency
of the tax aud funding bills.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 move to amend so that
the evening session shall be provided for, but
given to other business; and 1 hope the Sen-
ator from Ohio will consent to that. It must
be known to the Senator from Ohio and to the
Senate that there are a great many pending
bilis of great importance; aud while perhaps
they are not of equal importance with the tax
bill, they certainly are of transcendent conse-
quence, aud we ought to have some portion of
the time to give attention to them. If we work
here all day upon the tax and funding bills,
the two special orders, which I am willing to
do until they are disposed of, I think that will
be giving time enough to them, while in the
evening we may come here to attend to other
business. If you exclude other business, you
necessarily defeat a great deal of it; because
if you drive much of the other business up to
the end of the session, it may occur to the
President to exercise that constitutional con-
trol that he is ever given to, and either put bills
in his pocket or veto them justJ^efore the end
of the session. I might refer now to many
bills, which 1 do not wish to do, that are of
suliicient importance, to say the least, to merit
our attention at an early day, and I hope the
evening sessions will be devoted to them; I
therefore move that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves that the order be
so amended as to embrace other business to
be considered at evening sessions.
Mr. CONNESS. That the evening sessions
shall be devoted to general business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope I shall be excused
if I come back to my original suggestion. It
seems to me we had better let each day take
care of itself. At five o'clock in the afternoon,
if we feel disposed to come in the evening, we
can take a recess ; if not, we can adjourn. It
seems to me that we had better wait until the
hour comes each afternoon and then determine
what course we shall take.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Massa-
chusetts will allow me to suggest that the
motion to take a recess is not strictly in order
except by unanimous consent; but this motion
that 1 have submitted is in the usual form, and
a recess will be taken unless a majority of the
Senate desire to adjourn. If so, a motion to
adjourn at any time is in order, and of course
that dispenses for that evening with the even-
ing session. We have the whole matter then
within our control, so that a majority of the
Senate can determine whether they will sit in
the evening or not. I trust this order, which
is in the usual form at this period of the ses-
sion, will be adopted.
Mr. MORTON. It will be very inconvenient,
if not impossible, for some of us to attend even-
ing sessions, and I beg leave to snggest thatso
far as I have any opinion in regard to them
there is nothing gained by them ; and I think
that the legislation performed at evening ses-
sions might be of a somewhat dangerous char-
acter. if you have a quorum you will scarcely
have anything more; you cannot get a full
attendance of the Senate at night. I under-
stand the House of Representatives have been
holding evening sessions for some time past,
and I understand they have had great difficulty
in getting a quorum.
Mr. CONKLING. No more in the evening
than m the day.
Mr. MORTON. The Senate can tlo as much
work as they can do well between twelve
o'clock and the time for adjournment for din-
ner. If yon throw the evening sessions open to
bills of every kind, a good many bills will be
likely to slip through here at night that ought
not to be passW at all.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is a good
deal of force in what the Senator from Cali-
fornia says, that we must either not do our
business if we intend to have an early adjourn-
ment or we must devote some special time to
it. It is simply a question of neglecting to Jo
the public business, or else we have got to
have some evening or some day devoted to
something besides the tax bill. I remember
to have seen some members of the Senate
together recently somewhere, and no two of
thein agreed on a single proposition in refer-
ence to the funding bill. If no two members
of the Senate do agree in regard to the pro-
visions of the funding bill now, it cannot be
passed speedily; it must remain here day by
day and week by week if it is going to be
pressed to a successful vote ; and if that be so,
we ought at least to have now and then a day,
or an evening at any rate, for other business.
There are reports of committees of conference
on very important measures that will excite
some debate, and may require time for their
consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Kansas. He
wants some evening when general business
shall be considered. After the tax bill shall •
have been passed, with such amendments as
may be made by the Senate, it must necessarily
go back to the House of Representatives, aud
there, inevitably, will be a considerable inter-
val during which pressing legislative matters
of a general character may be taken up. I
doubt whether additional time would be gained
for general legislation by intermingling it now
with the tax bill.
Mr. POMEROY. This order embraces the
funding bill as well as the tax bill, and 1 do
not think the funding bill will be disposed of
in -a week, if the Senator from Ohio will
strike out so much of the order as relates to
the funding bill I will vote for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Both bills are now the
special order; and this question is only a
question as to whether we shall have mght
sessions.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not thinli a special
order can be made to cover two or three sep-
arate bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been done.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps it can be done
if nobody objects. A special order can be
made of any one bill only by a two-thirds vote,
but we have had no two-thirds vote oil that
question yet.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a bill before the
Senate, reported from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, that 1 deem of great conse-
quence, and which i wish to have action upon
at an early day—1 mean the bill for the pro-
tection of American citizens abroad. If the
order proposed by the Senator from Ohio shall
obtain it will be equivalent to the defeat of that
bill, and, 1 may say, of many others, i have
waited with patience, and proper patience, for
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to call up that bill, or to
propose to appoint it as a special order for a
particular time, which, however, he has-not
seen fit to do. Until some time should pass,
it occurred to me that it would be improper tor
me to call it up, aud therefore i have de-
sisted; but I shall feel obligated to call the
attention of the Senate to that bill, and seek
to get a vote upon it at an early day if it shall
not be called up and pressed on the attention
of this body b'y the honorable chairman to
whom I refer. Now, sir, the adoption ot the
order propose! by the Senator from Ohio will
be a prohibition of that aud of other business.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia certainly does not jvautto misunderstand
the proposition.
Mr. CONKJ5SS. I would not) of course.
