1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
aproper case in which to remove the disability.
It it is we should pass this resolution or the
resolution of the geutlemanfrom Illinois, [Mr.
Cook,] and then provide for the removal of
the disability in the way pointed out by the
amendment to the Constitution. If it is not
we should reject all these measures, and send
Mr. Butler home to those who thought they
were his constituents, and who think still they
have a loyal representative.'
I listened to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Harding,] who addressed the House a
little while ago with a great deal of interest.
He spoke of what he knew. He described the
condition of the loyal men of Tennessee, and he
described it in a way that it struck me operated
rather in. favor of Mr. Butler's case than against
him. If Mr. Butler was not really a rebel he
must have been, according to the testimony
and according to the statement of the gentle-
man from Illinois, a most extraordinary man
to have escaped being hanged or having his
throat cut for the deeds that it is proved he
performed, not exactly in open day, because
then he would have paid the penalty, but which
he did, and which were known to those who
sent hira here. The gentleman from Illinois
thinks that Mr. Butler lacks a certain element
of proof that he was a thoroughly loyal man,
and the element of proof lacking is that he does
not come here, if I may be allowed the ex-
pression, with his throat cut from oar to ear.
[Laughter.]
Let us look now at the ease of Mr. Butler.
Let us trace him from the very commencement
of this Democratic rebellion—I recall that ex-
pression at the instance of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] Trace him from
the commencement of the rebellion to the pres
ent time. Look at him when he was address-
ing crowds in his own district against the seces-
sion of Tennessee. Look at him at the very
polls begging the ollicers of election lor an op-
portunity to address the voters to prevent them
iroin rushing upon their own ruin, speaking
for two hours before the polls were opened,
and with visible and material results, for the
district from which he comes showed upon that
occasion a singular and meritorious contrast
with a great deal of that section of country.
Tiace him into the very rebel Legislature of
Tennessee, for there it was that he committed
the acts winch prevent hi m from taking this
oath. He was a member of that Legislature.
Why was he so! If the testimony is to be
believed, it was at the instance of the Union
men, the loyal men of his own county and dis-
trict; and for the purpose of protecting and
defending them there that lie did this thing; and
when he objected, according to this testimony,
that he would be required to do that which his
conscience would disapprove, the answer was,
" We know you; we trust you; no shadow of
suspicion shall ever rest upon you."
Trace him still further: look at him, while
he was in that very rebel Legislature, releasing
by his exertions Union soldiers and Union
citizens from the incarceration to which they
had been subjected by the rebel authorities.
Gentlemen may say that it was not very nice
morality in Mr. Butler to impose upon Judge
Humphreys by pretending that he was a rebel
in order that he might free from prison his
neighbors and his friends. They may say that
that docs not square with their notions of up-
rightness. But if it was wrong, if Mr. Butler
erred upon that occasion, he erred in the holiest
cause that ever was presented to human minds
and human hearts and human hands, t am
not going to sit in judgment upon him for that
action. I would blush for my own morality if
I allowed myself to question his actions in so
holy a cause. It was while in that Legislature
he erred, if ever, because it was then he voted
for the obnoxious secession resolutions. That
was an act which, if standing alone, I could
not approve. But I can appreciate the reasons
given in the testimony for the act. I can un-
derstand that, with forty or fifty Union prison-
ers looking to him for assistance, whose very
fives depended upon his deceiving that bad
judge whom wo impeached and convicted, it
was necessary that he should practice some
deception, and that to do so he should vote for
those resolutions.
Was he in favor of those resolutions? What
is the testimony ? The very fact that as soon
as the prisoners obtained their discharge by
his exertions he went into the Legislature and
asked and obtained consent to change his vote
shows that lie did liot vote for those resolu-
tions intending they should pass by his vote,
but that he was doing what very moral gentle-
men will say was practicing a deception ; a
breach of very nice ideas of morality, but
which I do not and cannot condemn. Follow
Mr. Butler to the close of that Legislature. He
was then arrested by rebel emissaries upon the
charge of treason to the confederacy, of which,
no doubt, he was very guilty, according to the
testimony. Now, it would be very singular if
the rebel confederacy and the United States
Government should both punish the same man
for treason in the commission of the same acts.
He either was not guilty of the charge which
they brought against him or he is not guilty
of the allegations made very unfairly by the
contestant, who received 44 votes only for the
otllce ho now claims the right to fill. Mr.
Butler, fortunately 1'or himself, escaped from
incarceration. He returned home, and found
that some rebel emissaiies had persuaded one
of his sons to enlist in a rebel comany. But
he did not give him §100 and bid him "God
speed," as was probably done by another man
upon another occasion and in another part of
the theater of the rebellion. lie did not do that.
What did he do? In despite of being threat-
ened with hanging if he interfered, he followed
the recruiting ollicers and took his sou away
from tlieni, forcing him to walk home, with
his saddle and bridle upon his back—for I sup-
pose the sou was ridmg a rebel horse, which
Mr. Butler did not, choose to have—and, accord-
ing to the testimony of the son, his father gave
him so severe a Hogging for what, he had done
that his mother had to interfere in his behalf.
Then Mr. Butler took him through the lines
and put him in the Union Army, determined
that he should fight upon the right side if he
fought at all. Was this the act of a rebel ?
I ask the Clerk to read from the testimony
of the sou iu reference to this transaction :
"Richard II. Butler, oflawful age, who, bcingduly
sworn according to law, depots as ioliows:
"Qnextkm, Please state it you arc tho son of It. R.
Butter, member-clect to Congress, and if you wove
connected with the rebel army; if so, state how you
became *o connected, mid how long you remained
with said army, and how you carno to loavo the .said
army.
"Amiw. I am the son of R. R. Butler, mombor-
elcct. to CongreHH. In the spring of 1803 there was a
rebel company stationed near tho residence of my
father, in J ohnson county. The ollicers of said com-
pany persuaded me to go oil' Willi Maid rebel com-
pany, and in their pelMiasion with ine to join tho
lobcd army they said tliey would furnish me a horse
and necessary equipments, except saddle and bridle.
X consented to go with said rebel company unbe-
known to my father, who was bitterly opposed, to tho
rebels in overy manner conceivable. And further,
when said company was oidered awa.ylioui liiis—
Johnson county—my father had gone to Taylorsy ille,
and I had carried my saddle away and concealed it,
and as the company passed my lather's house I went
oil'with said company. The oiFieorsot said company
told mo when I started away with them that it' my
father followed thoin that they would protect me
and not let him lain; me away from thcui. Attcr
wo started away ray father, hearing of the company
taking me with them, followed the company of
rebels that I was with, and overlook Ihem about bix
milos from homo, and took me out of the company,
and made mecarry my saddle and bridle 011 my back
ttee whole of the distance back home, and whipped
mc several fimes on the road home; and after 1 got
homo he whipped mo so severely that, my niotherhad
to intercede for me. My faihcr stated tha.t he had
rather see mo with my tin out cut from ear to ear
than for 1110 to have gono into the rebel army.
" Quf:ilihn. Please state if you ever heard a dis-
loyal sentiment uttered by your lather or any mem-
ber of his family in his presence; and if your father,
It. R. Butler, did not, havo you taken through the
lines and put you 111 tho Federal Army.
"Answer, I never heard a disloyal sentiment ut-
tered by my father or any member of his family in
his presence. And my father, the said It. K. Butler,
had me taken through the lines and put in the Fed-
eral Army. My father was a stiong Union man; had
to leave home to keep tho rebels from killing him.
Afterward he had me taken through the lines to pro-
vent the rebels from conscripting mo; and after I
wont through the lines he sent for my brother, next
oldest to tujself, and had llim brought through tho
lines."
Mr. BROOMALL. Now, Mr. Speaker, is
that the act of a rebel? Would a man at that '
time have preferred to see bis son's throat cut
from car to ear to seeing him iu the rebel
army, and at tho same time intend to take him
into the Union Army, if he had himself been a
rebel, or if he had had any sympathy what-
ever with the rebellion? Why, sir, that act
alone—and the testimony is full of such acts—
showed a devotion to the country that does
credit to Mr. Butler, and shows what I have
often thought, that the history of the loyal
men of the South, if it could be written, would
make us northern men voiceless in regard to our
pretentions to loyalty. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes, JI observe, assents
to this sentiment. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts probably thinks he is entitled to some
credit for being loyal. The gentleman shakes
his head; and I say neither do I. I say that
neither lie nor I was entitled to credit for
being loyal. We were surrounded by loyalty
on all sides. We breathed an atmosphere of
patriotism; and nothing but the blackest of
hearts could have induced us to sympathize
with such a crime as the attempt to overthrow
the Government of our country. But those
men in the South who sympathised with us in
feeling passed through a different ordeal. We
may have been as loyal as they ; but their loy-
alty was severely tested. We have not been
so tested; and the most we can say of our-
selves is that we never did a disloyal act.
Now, Mr. Speaker, upon the whole of this
testimony, it appears that Mr. Butler at the com-
mencement of the rebellion was opposed to it
and actively combated it upon every occasion.
It appears, too, that when he went into the ser-
vice of the confederacy lie did so with the
view of aiding the Union cause and Union
men. This is proved by his acts during the
whole time he was in that service. Mr. But-
ler's case, then, is precisely the case of a spy.
Suppose a man had been sent from Washing-
ton to get into the rebel secrets and had been
directed to procure himself to be elected to
ollice, to take any oath that might be presented
to him, in order that he might thwart the rebel
designs. Would any one pretend that such a
man ought not to be relieved from the techni-
cal disabilities which his acts might impose
upon linn? I think not. It may be, as 1 said,
not very nice morality, but it is patriotism of
the highest order. I do not say that in all the
matters pointed out in the testimony Mr. But-
ler squared himself with the notions of propri-
ety of certain very proper gentlemen; I do
not say that in no instance be did wrong ; but
I will say I cannot allirm that under the same
circumstances 1 would not have done worse
than he. And even though there be crime
upon his record, our judgment upon him, which
I have no doubt will be in his favor, will be
allinned in the court where we shall all have
to appear. If there be crime upon his record,
dime committed in the cause of mercy and
humanity, it will share the late of Uncle Toby's
oath, of which it was wiitten, ''The accusing
spirit which Hew up to Heaven's chancery with
the oath blushed as he gave it in, and the re-
cording angel, as he wrote it down, dropped a
tear upon tho word and blotted it out forever."
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Miixeii.]
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mili.eh] yield to me for a
motion ?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir.
adjooknment over.
Mr. POLAND. 1 move that when the House
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
I make this motion at the suggestion of several
gentlemen and with the approbation of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. ELIOT. I trust that motion will not be
adopted unless some good reason be assigned'.
