304
TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
suspended for one year, otherwise I shall vote
for its entire repeal. The people's Representa-
tives, who alone under the Constitution have
the power to originate financial measures, have
spoken with an authoritative and almost unan-
imous voice demanding the entire abolition of
the tax ; and, be it remembered, they have
done this when there were no Representatives
in that body from the people whose product is
so terribly burdened except from the State of
Tennessee. They have done it because it was
demanded by the industry of the country and
in obedience to a sense of justice to all parties
and sections.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I wish that
I could deliver the ideas that 1 desire to express
upon this question as well as the Senator from
Iowa does his, and I desire to embody his
remarks in what I may say. I am frank
enough to say that the people of my State, in
my belief, are more interested in the removal
of this tax than they are in any other question
now before the country. I am frank enough
to say that the market of the South is as indis-
pensable to our prosperity as our prosperity is
necessary to our existence. Sir, I have been
surprised and alarmed at the position that has
been taken here by my friends from that sec-
tion of the country. I do not distrust my own
judgment; but the facts that have been eluci-
dated by them are so contrary to my expe- ;
rience and information that I am alarmed for
the great interests of this country, and espe-
cially for that section. I have Soiwded the j
alarm toward all the industrial interests of
that section, and all the industrial interests in
other sections of this country from time to
time. My words have been listened to, it is
true; but no attention has been paid to the ,
warning by those whose duty it was, in my ,
judgment, to attend to it. 1 stand here now i
and advocate the interests of that industry
which in my judgment is more depressed than
any other. In the range of my vision I do not
know of a single manufacturing interest that
is not almost destroyed; at any rate pros-
trated to the very dust. I know that thousands
and thousands of men, women, and children
are to-day suffering for want of employment
in consequence of these taxes and this adverse
legislation toward existing interests.
There is one important fact that I desire to
impress upon the mind of every Senator here.
I would rather whisper it to them than speak
it in public. The cause which has operated to
dethrone cotton, the cause which has operated
to destroy it as a monopoly, is what ? An over-
production of cotton in this country ? No, sir. |
1 am humiliated in being obliged to admit the
fact that with this poor, despised, short-stapled,
husky India cotton, a fabric is to-day produced
by the skill and labor of Englishmen equal to
the best fabric that American machinery has
yet been able to produce. This is the cause
of the present depression of the cotton manu-
facture in this country and throughout the
world.
Sir, the question before you is not whether
you shall tax an existing interest, but it is
whether cotton is an existing interest. If the
people of the South, those whose means are
to be invested in this crop, knew the exact
circumstances, my life for it they would not
invest a single dollar in it. It has been my
privilege to plant cotton, commencing in 1862
and followingitup tothepresent time. I know
something of the necessaries required to grow
that crop. As yon have been told, in the !
month of January the furrow is made ; in the :
month of February the seed is planted; and '
then the hoeing commences soon after. If j
you postpone this measure you postpone the !
cultivation of this crop. What man will place
seed in the ground with this tax weighing upon
him, certain to destroy him? Who will com-
mence the planting of cotton under such cir-
cumstances? I
Sir, in my judgment, you have not this inter- !
est in your hands. I am afraid that you have
lost it forever. But it may not be. If you
aru wise you will look upon it in this light: I
| you will endeavor to go back upon your past
legislation to mend, to repair, to heal, to cure
if you can. My judgment is that it will be
the hardest task that ever was in the hands or
minds of politicians or statesmen. I fear for
the existence of the manufacturers of my own
State in consequence of this alarming condition
of tilings. I fear that the fabrics produced
from the cheap cotton which is now grown in
India will, in spite of all tariffs, find their way
into this country and be consumed by the
American people, and then, let me ask, what
will be our position in New England?
There is one other point on which I think it
is important that the Senate should be in-
formed, and that is in regard to the different
qualities of cotton. We boast of the Sea
Island cotton as being unequaled by any, and
we feel sure that we have a monopoly in that
from which nothing can oust us. And yet,
sir, in my judgment, not two years will have
passed over us when instead of its being cul-
tivated as it has been in years past it will be
known only in some gentleman's garden as a
reminder of what once has been, and it will
be merely a plant of ornament. The Egyp-
tian cotton is to-day being introduced into
seven eighths of the finer qualities of goods
that the Sea Island cotton was heretofore
used for.
I hope I have made myself understood. I
wish I could create in the mind of every Sen-,
ator the alarm that I feel. We have been told
that we of the North are rich; the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] tells us that
we are seven times richer than we were before
the war. I wish I could believe it. What have
we to show for these alleged riches? We haw
spent $5,000,000,000; we raised $600,000,000
last year; we pay enormous taxes. We had
the South before the war. Have we it any
more now than we had before ? Is it any more
prosperous than it was before the war? Is it
worth as much? Why, sir, I know the:fact
that many of the principal plantations of the
South are not worth one twentieth part as
much as they were then.
Mr. NYE. Why?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Why? Because it will not
pay to cultivate them and to hold them, as I
know. Are we richer as a manufacturing
State in Rhode Island than we were before
the war? I say no ; and I know the fact my-
self from experience. I know that seven years
of employment of the machinery of that State
has reduced its value seventy per cent? Have
we laid up anything to meet that deficiency ?
Have we more lands, more houses, more of
any of the necessaries of life ? The statistics
do not show it. We have not. We are poorer,
in my judgment, by the $5,000,000,000 we
have spent in this war. It may be that to off-
set this yon may deduct what we have produced
during the seven years, but then on the other
side of the account you must add that which
fifteen hundred thousand men have destroyed.
The argument of the Senator from Massachu-
setts was in favor of a measure which I am
for, but I dm not willing to admit that his
statement of increased riches on the part of
the North is a correct statement of the facts.
I say the contrary is the truth.
I am sorry to differ from my friend from
Vermont; but he tells us thatif we obtain from
a short crop as much money as we get from a
larger one, the result is just the same. My
whole experience is to the contrary of that.
The thing is so self-evident that I do not believe
it is necessary for me to enter into a discussion
of that point, and I will drop it.
Now, I desire to humiliate myself once more
before I take my seat. My friend from Ken-
tucky and my friend from Iowa have spoken
of the drawback as being very beneficial to the
American manufacturer; and my friend from
Vermont holds to it with a tenacity character-
istic of and creditable to him. But, sir, what
do the statistics show? In the whole range of
my experience I do not know of an article that
the American manufacturer can now produce
and export and compete with foreign manu-
facturers in the markets of the world, even
with the drawback.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to refer hiin to the reported
tables of our exports, which show that, whereas
before the imposition of this tax upon cotton
and the allowance of the drawback we were
exporting none at all, we have got back to
exporting at the rate of between four and five
millions, or more than one half of the amount
that we ever exported in the most prosperous
year?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I know a little about that
matter of exporting cotton fabrics from this
country, and it is easily explained. Before
the war our commission merchants in Boston
induced certain individuals who had more
money than brains to enter into the manufac-
ture of cottons for the India market. They
would buy that product at cost, send it to In-
dia, and there sell it in competition with the
English for ten or fifteen per cent, below cost.
Why did they do it? I can tell you. If it is
an argument on which to base our creditable
position as exporters and as competitors in the
open market, I cannot see it. The point was
that as there was a large premium for exchange
on London, equal to ten or fifteen per cent.,
they at times exported this article to pay their
debts for tea and silk.
I am not good at statistics, but I happened
to examine the book of statistical information
made up for us by the Bureau of Statistics and
I find that for four months past we have been
exporting of cotton goods about three hundred
and fifty thousand dollars a month—a matter
of no consequence whatever, and it is exported
under such circumstances as I have stated.
The total, I think, is $1,470,000 for four
months.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. At the rate
of $4,500,000 a year.
Mr. SPRAGUE. From three hundred and
fifty to four hundred thousand dollars a month.
I am not anxious about this drawback ; 1 do not
believe it amounts to anything in the present
condition of the manufacturing interest of this
country, for we cannot compete with foreign
manufacturers- in the markets of the world.
We have a splendid fabric of government; we
have ships of war, we have foreign ministers
and consuls, and we have an A/my, like Great
Britain, but she employs hers for aggressions
into the territories of other countries so as to
secure employment for British labor, and we
employ ours for show. As my friend from.
Ohio suggests, she tries to conquer territory
for the cultivation of cotton; we to destroy it.
Taxes have, in a measure, placed the Amer-
ican laborer in the position he is in. I am as
much responsible, perhaps, as anybody for that,
although I have opposed many specific items
of taxation; and I do not wish to shirk that
responsibility one iota ; but I must say that we
have taxed out of existence interests which
made us a prosperous people. Wehave desired,
foolishly in my judgment, to show to the world
that we could commence to pay oft' a portion
of the principal of our public debt after having
exhausted the resources of the people beyond
almost any human endurance. It was a mis-
take ; it was a blunder almost equal to a crime.
We are now paying the penalty. We desired
to sustain the national credit that it might stand
well at home and abroad. This was commend-
able, but very unwise. Then there is a very
unwise hue and cry, in my judgment, that
demands an immediate return to specie pay-
ments when the people ofthe country can hardly
pay fifty cents on the dollar in currency; and
you enacted another very unwise provision
which withdrew your currency month after
month, a value and a basis upon which prices
were sustained and maintained and the inter-
ests of your people carried on. I trust, as I
shall- not hereafter perhaps enter upon the
debate of these questions, those who are respon-
sible for these measures will be exceedingly
careful how they repeat the blunder heretofore
committed. I very much fear the bill presented
to ug A few days ago will allow your currency
