188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate
The Funding Bill—Mr. Sherman.
40tii Co:ntg....2d Sess.
bond; aud we propose also to allow the bond
to be converted into notes keeping within the
limit of notes fixed by law. Then there is no
discrimination ; the bondholder and the note-
holder are both public creditors; both depend
upon the public faith. The noteholder may
go to the Treasury of the United States ana
demand liis bond ; the bondholder may go also
and demand his note. They are put on a basis'
of equality. This destroys all speculation in
Government securities. Both will then stand
on the same footing, and both will be of equal
value. The noteholder may at his option draw
interest in gold by converting it into bonds,
and the popular cry of demagogues that we have
provided gold for the bondholder and notes
for the people will be silent.
And, sir, there is now no reason why the
note issued to the laboring nan should now
be less valuable than any other form of Gov-
ernment security. It makes one of those salient
points before a popular audience just and cor-
rect, which is the cause of complaint, and will
be until it is removed. An important effect of
this provision will be to furnish money to re-
deem the bonds or any other securities that
offer, and without resorting to a sale of bonds.
I do not propose, nor do the committee con-
template, tlie issue of any new greenbacks.
We suppose that the process of funding these
notes, they pouring into the Treasury, will
furnish ample means to redeem all the out-
standing bonds and securities as they become
redeemable. I have no doubt the same pro-
cess will go on here that occurred in Europe—
a very small amount of money will pay a large
amount of bonds. The mass of the bonds will
be exchanged without money. The transac-
tions paid by money compared with the trans-
actions paid by checks and other foims of
paper are as one to a thousand. The daily
balances in the exchanges in the New York
clearing-house amount to many millions, and
yet the amount of currency to pay these bal-
ances is often less than one per cent, of their
nominal amount. Other reasons may be given
for the new feature of this bill giving the holder
of these bonds the right to eon vert them into
notes. This is indispensably necessary to
guard against sudden contraction and panic.
There are times when the notes will float into
bonds so rapidly as to contract the currency,
and thus derange business and prevent the
movement of crops. This privilege will give
flexibility and movement to the currency of
the country. Every exchange will be a benefit
to the Government. If the holder of a Gov-
ernment security bearing interest surrenders
it to the Treasury for a note without interest
the United States saves the interest. If, on
the contrary, the notes are funded for a bond
the notes may be used in the redemption of
other bonds bearing a higher rate of interest.
If the money-market becomes stringent, if
currency becomes scarce, the holder may be
willing to surrender his bond bearing five per
cent, interest in gold in order to get currency
with which to pay his debts, and why not
give him that privilege? It is a benefit to the
United States,and it is the only mode by which,
during the suspension of specie payments, we
may make a flexible currency.
And,_ sir, this loan will bo the great saving
fund of the people of the United States. Every
man having money for a time idle will float
it into these ten-forty bonds, and while we
have the money we shall pay off bonds bearing
a higher rate of interest. When he desires it
again,ho can come back and get the bond, and
so this operation may be carried on with perfect
safety. Now the deposits in the saving banks
amount to over five hundred million dollars.
Why should not this money be deposited in the
Treasury? Why should not these little streams
of the savings of the laboring man help to
float the public credit? The Government of
the United States ought not to feel too high to
acknowledge the services of such a fund, 'l'hey
will be useful. They will enable the depositor
to get the full value of his money. Now he
deposits in savings banks, where he gets four
or five per cent, interest in paper money.
Under this provision he may put his money in
these bonds, and the money thus deposited
will enable the Government to pay off bonds
bearing a higher rate of interest. In every
view wo could take of this proposition, after
the most ample consideration, we thought it
was a wise provision, and would work well.
The trouble and cost of printing these bonds
and exchanging them one for another, being
carried on at the Treasury Department or at
the depositories, or other proper places of ex-
change, will be done without cost except that
of printing. It is purely voluntary, and will
be adapted to the wants of trade. It will tend
to give increased value to the United States
notes; and my firm conviction is that under
this process both notes and bonds will grad-
ually rise, step by step, until they reach the
standard of gold, and then this whole process
ceases according to the provisions of the bill.
I look upon this provision as the most rapid
way to specie payment.
The only other section of the bill to which I
have not alluded is that which legalizes con-
tracts in gold. That is right in itself. I always
supposed that the legal-tender act was not in-
tended to affect the nght of the people to nego-
tiate, buy, and sell gold, if they chose. Some
of the courts, however, have decided otherwise.
Whatever the law may be, there is no objec-
tion to unlocking the hoards of gold, and
allowing the people to deal in it as they choosc.
It makes another addition to the currency, and
will gradually make our people become accus-
tomed to dealings and transactions in gold and
will tend in the right direction. Where one
man lends gold to another man, it is equitable
that lie should have gold back in payment, and
it is very inequitable for the debtor in such a
case to refuse to^ pay it, and make a fraud of
the law. I think it will be beneficial to insert
this provision, because dealing in gold will have
a tendency toward specie payments.
I have thus, Mr. President, presented the
leading provisions of this bill. I appreciate
the difficulties of the subject and the personal
responsibility I assume in advocating a meas-
ure that may fail of its purpose. It is far easier
to sit quiet, to propose nothing, and criticise
the measures of others; but such I do not un-
derstand to be the duty of your Committee on
Finance. We are actuated by the earnest de-
sire to reduce the burdens of the people with-
out injury to the public credit or injustice to
the public creditor, by a firm conviction that
the offer here made to the bondholder is fair,
equitable, and honorable, and that its accept-
ance would not only save an annual expendi-
ture of $17,000,000 in gold, but would settle,
upon a proper basis, all uncertainty as to the
mode of payment of the public debt, and still
leave open, after a reasonable time, a further
reduction of interest, if practicable. Further
than this the committee does not go. It does
not provide for a i ejection of this offer ; but I
repeat, that if this offer is rejected I will not
hesitate to vote to redeem maturing bonds in
the currency in existence when they were
issued and with which they were purchased,
carefully complying, however, wiih all the
provisions of law as to the mode of payment
and as to the amount of currency outstanding.
This conclusion I have arrived at against the
earnest arguments of personal and political
friends and against my own personal and pecu-
niary interests.
But, sir, I saw two years ago—and we all see
clearly now—that the existing relation between
the public creditor and the tax-payer, by which
the former enjoys all the blessings of a Gov-
ernment without cost, receives without dimi-
nution a higher rate of interest than your courts
would enforce between citizens, and may de-
mand payment of the principal in gold for paper
lent, while your courts refuse to enforce a
special contract for the return of gold for gold.
Such a system cannot endure in a Government
not entirely despotic without creating discon-
tent that may endanger the fair and equitable
performance of the public engagements. You
cannot disguise your knowledge of this grow-
ing discontent. The unavoidable effect of ap-
proaching s'pecie payments in reducing prices
and shrinking values will increase this discon-
tent. In that painful process the people will
see that the untaxed productive annuities of
the bondholder alone will be increased in
value, while all other forms of property will be
reduced in value. It is not the interest, nor do
I think it will be the desire, of the public cred-
itor to invite this discontent. The same mo-
tive that induced him to trust the^ Government
in its hour of peril will induce him to accept
equity from those who are willing to do equity.
And, sir, his patriotism will not be lessened
when he reflects that while his money aided in
the good cause it has been the most profitable
investment of capital he could have made.
Senators often tell us that we must not be
influenced by public discontent or clamor.
I agree with this when the discontent is not
founded upon substantial equity, but when it is
founded upon equity it will make itself felt
through you or over you. And Senators must
remember that this is a Government of the
people, for the people, and by the people. It is
not, like the Government of Great Britain, a
despotic oligarchy, where the rights of property
override the rights of persons ; where I he laws
are made to add to the accumulations of the
rich, though hundreds of thousands may thereby
be pinched with poverty. That is the land of
entails, where the offices of the church are
bought and sold as property, and where all
that is good in life—office, honor, property—is
confined to less than one tenth of the popu-
lation—where the laws are studiously framed
to exclude the poor from all political rights.
We borrow from these people of kindred blood
many of the best guards of liberty, but we must
take care not to ingraft on our republican
system the leading feature of their present
Government, the supremacy of property over
labor.
Their wealth consists of vast accumulations
of property produced by ages of labor. A
generation adds but little to this aggregate of
wealth; therefore their laws protect property
at the sacrifice of labor. Here all the acquisi-
tions of the past, all the accumulations to this
hour, are only equal to the accumulations that
will be made by labor during the next ten
year Our wealth is in the energy and sinews
of thirty million free people—all equal—each
working for himself, with no privileged hand
to press him down in the race of life. It is
this that has made our history like the tales
o_f Arabian fiction. Our railroads alone, built
since we were all young, are worth $1,600,-
000,000, or more than the property of the
United States when she took her place among
the nations of the earth. The property of the
State of Ohio is now worth more in gold than
that of all the colonies when they proclaimed
independence, and yet Ohio was then a pathless
wilderness where no white man dwelt.
The entire debt of the Revolution, which
Alexander Hamilton approached with terror,
which our ancestors debated over for years,
upon which parties were formed and dissolved,
was $7o.740,111 30, including over seventeen
million dollars of State debts assumed; and yet
now we appropriate one half of that sum "for
pensions, and will this year reduce our current
expenses^ more than that sum. All this vast
progress is the result of labor. To encourage,
maintain, and reward labor must be the prin-
cipal object of our legislation. Capital can
take care of itself. It has many advantages in
competition with labor. It may be idle—labor
cannot be. It does not grow hungry; it does
not become cold or sick, while the hand of
labor must be supported by food and clothing,
and awaits sickness aud death. Capital i&onlv
useful to the country as it gives employment
