3738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
every day that we shall omit the evening ses-
sion if we desire to do that. Certainly the
latter is much preferable. The business that
it is conceded by all must be passed should be
in the control of the Senator who has charge
of it; and I hope >ve shall agree to his propo-
sition.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I agree that
this motion is made every session, and, per-
haps, agreed to every session, and I guess it
will be this session; but I should rather be
excused from agreeing to it myself. This bill,
I suppose, will be passed in some shape. If
my own wishes were to be consulted, however,
I think I would rather adjourn to-day than pass
the first section of the bill, at all events; but
I suppose that it will .be passed. 1 submit,
jhowever, that there is no sort of necessity that
it should be passed between this and the 15th of
July; nor is there any sort of necessity that
we should adjourn by the 15th or the 30lli of
July, or by the 30th of August. The public
■will not suffer, so far as I know, if we stay
here a month and a half, unless we pass this
bill in the mean time. I think we have until
December next to complete the business of
this session. It is uncomfortable staying here,
I admit. Our health may require us to get
away as soon as we can; but in my judgment
we shall legislate more profitably both to the
public and to ourselves individually if we do
not try to do two days' work in one. There is
time enough to do all that there is to be done,
I think, aud yet do but a single day's work in a
single day. 1 never could understand when our
timeis unlimited the philosophy of waiting until
the hot weather comes, when it troubles an
able-bodied man to breathe at all, and then
to crowd ou all the steam of which you are
capable, running clear up to eighty pounds.
It is suggested to me that the House of Repre-
sentatives makes us do it. I do not think the
House does any such thing. We cannot charge
that on the House ; we do it voluntarily. We
find this business here, and we fix a day ahead
when we think we would like to go home, and
then we work with reference to going home,
and uot so much wirh reference to doing the
business. It is perfectly right that the Com-
mittee on Finance should control'the time of,
the Senate; that the business recommended
by that committee should have preference here
until it is disposed of; but I do not think it is
within the province of that committee or any
other to say how many hours in the day we
shall work. It it does belong to them I do
not insist upon the eight-hour rule, but I am
rather inclined to protest against the sixteen-
hour rule. I think we should control our time.
If at, any time the chairman of the Committee
on Finance thinks we can economize labor aud
strength by holding an evening session, let him
say so, and I have no doubt the Senate will be
willing to do it. If any subject comes up
which it is important should be passed upon a
particular day, he can not only make us sit
during the day and during tho evening, but
during- the night to dispose of that particular
subject; but when we are working on bills
which may he passed any time during the ses-
sion I hope the chairman of the Committee on
Finance will work us as easy as he consistently
can. I will work as long as he says.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 have only one remark
to make, and that is that, in my judgment, it is
not advisable to hold evening sessions for the
transaction of business unless we know before-
hand what business is to be transacted. I think
that notice in some way ought to be given dur-
ing the day time as to the business to be done
at night.
Mr. CONNESS. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. If the Senator will move to amend
the original order, so as to let the Senate
each day appoint the business that shall be
done during that evening, I will withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I made this remark simply
by way of opposition to the amendment of the
Senator from California, because some of the
members will be unable to be here on account
of physical disability, if not from other causes,
every evening, commencing work at ten o'clock
in the morning, and unless there is some busi-
ness of importance before the Senate in the
evening they may not esteem it necessary to be
present. 1 think that if the order is left to
stand as it is proposed by the Senator from
Ohio a special motion can bo made, if it be
desirable that some evening be set apart for the
discussion of a bill, for instance the bill sug-
gested by the Senator from California. He can
make his motion at any time that a certain
evening be set apart for the discussion of that
bill, and then we shall know that the bill is
coming up and those interested can come here
and attend to it.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 understand it will require
then a two-thirds vote of the Senate to set aside
the special order now proposed by the order of
the Senator from Ohio. That is the difficulty,
and therefore I am opposed to his order.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have already spent
some forty minutes on this matter, and I think
we ought to come to a vote on it. A majority
of the Senate can at any time postpone a spe-
cial order; it does not require a two-thirds
vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the order proposed by the Senator
from Ohio. Both the amendment and the
order will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the order of Mr. Sher-
man, as follows :
Ordered. That during tho pcndency of the tax and
funding bills the Sunuto will, unless otherwise "or-
dered, take n rcccss at five o'clock p. m. until seven
and a half o'clock p. m.
The amendment of Mr. Coxxess was to add,
"and that the evening sessions thus ordered
shall be devoted to the consideration of other
general business on the Senate Calendar."
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the order pro-
posed by Mr. Shehm vx,
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. POJIEIIOY. I have no objection to
that order if the funding bill is stricken out.
The funding bill is a Senate bill, while the tax
bill is a House bill. 1 have no objection .to
sitting at night for the tax bill, but to attach to
the House bill a funding bill, and say they must
both be stuck together and kept together, and
be the order of the Senate until they are both
completed, is an unheard of thing.
Tho question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 10 ; as follows :
YKAS—Messis. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Oolo,
Conkhng, Corbott, Cranio, Edmunds, i'essendeii, Fre-
linghuyscn, llarlan, Hondlieks, Howard, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Os-
boni. Shenisan, Tipton, Wiilcy, and Williams—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Iluckalew, Conner, Davis, Fowler,
Howe, McCrcery,McDonald, Morton,Pomeroy,Ram-
sey, Ross, Sumner, 'Xrumbuil, Wade, Welch, and
Y ates—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Dixon, Roo-
little, Drake, Ferry, Grimes, Henderson, Norton, Nye,
Patterson of'N ew Hampshire, Patterson ot'Tonncssee,
Rico, Snuisbuiy, Sprasuo, Stewart, Thayer, Van
Winkle, Viekers, and Wilson—20.
So the order was agreed to.
internal taxes.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will expedite the con-
sideration of the tax bill if the Senate will
dispose of the amendments reported by the
Committee on Finance as they are reached in
the reading of the bill in its order.
The PRESIDENT protempore. Thatcourse
will be taken if there be no objection. The bill
(H. R. No. 1284) to change and more effect-
ually secure the collection of internal tax on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend the
tax on banks, is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and will he read.
The first section of the bill was read, as fol-
lows :
Be it enacted. tic., That there shall be levied and
collected on all distilled spirits onwhichthetaxpre-
scribed by law has not been paid, a tax of litty cents
on each and every proof gallon, to be paid by tho
distiller, owner, or person having possession thereof
before removal from distillery warehouse; and the
tax on such spirits shall bo collected on the whole
number of gauge or wine gallons when below proof,
and shall be increased in proportion for any greater
strength than the strength of proof-spirit as defined
in this act; and any fractional part of a gallon in
excess of the number of gallons in a cask or pack-
age, shall he taxed as a gallon. Every proprietor t>v
possessor of a still, distillery, or distilling apparatus,
and every person in any manner interested in the
use of any such still, distillery, or distilling apparatus,
shall be jointly and severally liable tor the taxes
imposed by law on tho distilled spirits produced'
therefrom and the (ax shall be a first lien on the
spirits distilled, the distillery used for distilling the
same, tho stills, vessels, fixtures, and tools therein,
and on the lot or tract of land whereon the slid dis-
tillery is situated, together with any building thereon,
from the time said spirits are distilled until the said
tax shall be paid.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by adding the following
proviso:
Provided, That the tax on brandy made from grapes
shall be the same and no higher than that upon other
distilled spirits.
Mr. COLE. - I hope that will be passed over
for the present.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are so many amend-
ments that I think we had better act on them
as we go on regularly. This is a very simple
question, and might as well be determined now
as any other time. The question presented is
simply whether brandy, which novvs pays one
dollar tax, shall pay fifty cents or one dollar.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment! so as to make the tax on brandy made
from grapes one half what it is on other spirits,
twenty-five cents a gallon. Under the law as
it now stands the tax upon brandy manufac-
tured out of grapes is but half that upon other
brandies. There is a good reason for this ; a
reason that has been recognized by Congress,
I believe, upon the passage of every one of the
tax bills that have been acted on heretofore.
To those who are acquainted with the business
of making wine and grape brandy the reasons
will be very obvious ; but perhaps notto those
who are unacquainted with that business.
This brandy is manufactured out of the refuse
substance that is left after the wine is manu-
factured ; and if there is this heavy tax, this
tax out of proportion put upon it, it must
necessarily result in destroying or breaking up
this manufacture of'brandy; and it will result
in so much loss to the country. Unless this
description of brandy has some advantage of
this sort, it cannot come in competition with
brandy that is made in the other forms. This
has been determined frequently before. There
is no doubt about the truth of what I say. The
substance out of which this is manufactured is
called the lees or the pummice, as it were, of
the grapes, after the wine has been pressed
from them. This brandy is used afterward to
some extent in perfecting the wines. It is
necessary in the vineyards for this use. If
this tax is put upon it, it will to a great degree
hamper this product. I have received an earn-
est letter from one of the most distinguished
citizens of California, a member of the State
Senate, which I will ask the Clerk to read,
bearing immediately ou this subject; and I will
state further that I have received several com-
munications on the subject. The vine-growers
of California are very much alarmed lest there
should be no discrimination made on their
behalf, as has been the case heretofore.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Los Axui'.les, Califokxia,
June 12, 1S68.
Bear Sir: Telegraphic reports from Congress that
it is intended to reduce tho tax on whisky to sixty
cents per gallon, aud nothing being said of grape
brandy, have filled the vine-growers of the State,
and particularly the people of this southern section
ot the country, "with alarm that there is no one in
Congress to attend to their interests.
If the tax on whisky is reduced to sixty cents tho
tax ongrapebrandy ought to beabolished altogether
or the vine-growing interest of the country will
decline instead of becoming one of the important
branches of our agriculture.
I have been solicited on all sides by the friends of
vine-culture, who are becoming a most influential
class, to call your immediate attention to the grape
brandy interest, and that you will defend it faithfully
iu Congress, and that you will unite with you in that
defense all the representation from the Pacific slope.
Very truly yours, PHINEAS BANKING.
Hon. Cornelius Cole, Washington pity.
