306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0B8.
Decembef 80^
Mr. DRAKE. I intended none such.
Mr. THAYER. Of course I take the Sen-
ator's explanation, for I certainly would not
intentionally present the Senator in a wrong
light. The Senator from Ohio told us that the
people of the South were broken in spirit. I
desire to advert to that remark and to say that
if he refers to that kind of brokenness of spirit
of which every mail in the South brings us intel-
ligence, I do not agree with him. Every mail
from the South informs the country that a por-
tion of the people there are organizing " Con-
servative' ' parties, rebellious parties, composed
ofthe very men who fought four years to destroy
this Government; and organizing parties for
what? To defeat the adoption of the constitu-
tions which in those States have been framed in
direct conformity with the legislation of Con-
gress. Is thatthe kind of brokenness of spirit
which we desire to see? If it is, God deliver
the country from it. I see no evidence of that
kind of brokenness of spirit which I should like
to see; but on the contrary, in every action of
the so-called '' Conservative" people of the
South I see a defiance of Congress. In the
organs of that portion of the people of the
South do you see anything but defiance, denun-
ciation, the most bitter invectives against Con-
gress ? Surely not; and yet at the same time
they are appealing to Congress for relief! Sir,
the honorable Senator from Missouri believes
that that people would rebel to-morrow if they
had the power ; and so does the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, I have no doubt.
But I said I did not rise to make a speech.
I only want to answer a remark made by the
Senator from Rhode Island, that England con-
quers territory to cultivate cotton, while we
conquer territory to destroy it. I desire to
remind that Senator—I am sorry he is not in
his seat—that it was cotton that enabled the
people of the South to rebel and continue that
rebellion for four years. It was cotton that
gave them the sinews of war. They could not
have continued it six months but for cotton.
.And it comes with a poor grace from a Senator
from a northern State—a State which gave so
many brave troops to put down the rebellion—
to say to us that we conquered the South in
order to destroy cotton.
Mr. NYE. I rise, sir, more for the purpose
of patting a question to the honorable'chairman
of the Committee on Finance than anything
else. There are two pretty plain propositions
before the country at the present time. One
is to exempt cotton from taxation entirely, and
the other is to fund our entire debt in six per
cent, bonds, reserving one per cent.; half of
that one per cent, to be for a sinking fund, and
the other half going to the several States ofthe
Union in proportion to their population, as I
understand. I suppose it is a conceded point
that-if this cotton tax is removed the seven
cotton-growing States of this Union will pay
no tax at all, or next to none. They have no
mechanical industry on which they can be
taxed; they have nothing but their cotton and
land; and the honorable Senator from .Rhode
Island says that the land is not worth counting,
not worth the one twentieth part of what it was
before the war. My inquiry is whether the
honorable chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee intends by striking off this entire tax to
further assess the taxes upon the North to pay
the future taxes of these seven cotton-growing
States to make up the deficit, so that not only
the property of the South shall be exempt from
taxation, but that the North and East and West
shall be taxed hereafter to pay the taxes which
the South ought to pay? I want to know if that
is the opinion of the Committee on Finance
and of this nation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer my honor-
able friend. He will hear from the Committee
on Finance upon each bill when it arises.
Mr. NYE. That we have heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. You have the views of
the committee on the other bill to which the
Senator has referred in print, and I hope he
read them with care and consideration.
Mr. NYE. I presume that it is not the in-
tention ofthe honorable Committee on Finance
to do what I have just suggested ; but it seems
to me that it follows as a result of the two
propositions that they have submitted to us.
They not only propose to take the entire tax
off cotton but to give these heretofore rebel-
lious States, these "erring sisters," one half
of one per cent, on the entire sales of bonds
that we shall make to fund our debt. For one
who does not claim to understand any portion
of the system of finance but disbursement
[laughter] I must say that it does not strike
me favorably. While I am entirely willing to
be as magnanimous as any Senator upon this
floor I am not quite willing to b^ unjust to that
portion of the country that has been loyal
through all the war, the footprints of whose
sons have been seen in tears and blood from
the time this rebellion broke out, by contract-
ing in advance to pay the future taxes of the
rebellious States.
I have no doubt that the wisdom of that
committee has concocted a system of finance
that will be adopted in the main as it is; and
to their judgment upon such subjects they will
find me always ready to defer. But I look at
the two propositions together, and it strikes
me as a little anomalous that we not only pro-
pose to relieve the cotton States from their
present taxes, but to agree to pay the most of
their taxes in the future. Where <loes the
honorable Senator propose to put this burden?
Certainly not upon manufactures after the wail
of woe that we have heard from the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island. He has cried
from that valley where alone true greatness is
found, the valley of humility, [laughter;] for
he has said so twice. Then, sir, there is an-
other growing interest poor in itself, poor in
the past, and poorer in the future; do not
touch it, says Rhode Island. My colleague
has said do not put it upon the miners, for
their burden is already greater than they can
bear, which is true; I indorse it. Do not put
it on the agricultural interests of the North,
say other Senators, for they already cry under
their overladen burden. Where shall we put
it? The Secretary of the Treasury says we
can do without it next year, as I understand;
but how are we to do without it?
These inquiries of mine may arise from an
utter ignorance of the system of finance; but
when this committee or the Secretary of the
Treasury tells me where this deficiency of
$'27,600,000 is to be made up without getting
it off other industries I shall be only too willing
to learn a little of that to me heretofore un-
known system.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. According to the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, the revenue
last year amounted to $143,000,000 more than
the expenditures of the Government. Now,
if we reduce the taxes next year to the amount
we need for the purposes of the Government
without undertaking to pay off any part of the
principal of our national debt, we can relieve
the industrial interests of this country of
$143,000,000 of taxation. Certainly, then, we
can afford to take off twenty odd millions of
tax on cotton, and we shall still have $120,-
000,000 to take off manufactures and other
interests.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Oregon if that estimate is
made with regard to the present fiscal year,
ending in July next. Does the report show
that excess existing in the present fiscal year? ;
Mr. WILLIAMS. The last fiscal year. |
Mr. STEWART. I am inquiring as to the I
fiscal year terminating in July next. I
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am speaking of the '
last fiscal year. We cannot tell now as to this |
year, because it is not through.
Mr. NYE. It seems to me, Mr. President, :
assuming the explanation of the honorable
Senator from Oregon to be correct, that the :
Committee on Finance had better equalize j
this thing a little, and see where to take off I
aiid where to put on, so that the burden they
put on the shoulders of this people shall be
easy to be borne or hard alike all round, rather
than jump at once to relieving cotton from
$27,000,000 of taxation.
Mr. President, I never saw a field of cotton
growing in my life ; I never saw a cotton man-
ufacturing establishment in motion, and I prob*
ably never shall. But it is a strange thing to
me, and I cannot conceive how the fact exists,
that the cotton-planters who formerly rolled in
wealth, who exhibited in years gone by all the
symptoms of wealth, should all at once be so
poor that the Committee on Finance have
discovered thattheirprosperity has been resting
upon a bubble ; and notwithstanding my strong
sympathy with my suffering friend from Rhode
Island, 1 cannot conceive how it is that the
manufacturing establishments have been droopw,
ing from the day they were planted to the pres-
ent hour, until, as he says, he sees now in his
vision, within the scope of it, the utter extinc-
tion of that whole interest. Why, sir,"their
incomes range to fabulous Amounts, while the
toiling agriculturist who gives them the material
they manufacture sweats from morning till
night to produce it, and dies poor.
Sir, I have observed in my short experience
in legislation that every time you seek to tax
a particular interest it is the poorest interest
in the world and the least able to bear-the
burden. Last year I said that the poor women
who sewed upon the sewing-machines, whose •
tick was heard by the midnight lamp, ought
to have their machines without tax, when all at
once rrfy'honorable friend from Ohio sprang to
his feetand said that the manufacturers ofthose
machines were making untold and fabulous
[ amounts. That is true of all manufacturers,
! I believe ; it is not they who bear the burden,
but it is you and I and the sewing girls who
bear the burden.
I ask my honorable friend from Rhode
Islan d if he is willi ng that the $27,500,000 which
is to be taken off cotton shall be put upon the
manufacturing interests in addition to the
burdens they now have to bear? Certainly he
will say not, for he would cry again from
the valley of humiliation that their burdens
are already greater than they can bear. Sir, '
"taxation" and "the burdens of taxation"
are cries that are heard upon every hand; and
look where we may we see tlft suffering poor
toiling to pay the burdens of this Government.
Mr. MORTON. I ask leave to interrupt
the Senator from Nevada for a moment to call
his attention to the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury in answer to the suggestion
made by the Senator from Oregon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Nevada give way ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury estimates the expenditures and receipts for
the last three quarters of the present fiscal year
ending June 30 1868, as follows: receipts
$206,000,000, expenditures $295,000,000;
leaving a surplus of estimated receipts over
estimated expenditures of $1,000,000. For
the_ fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, be
estimates the total receipts at $381,000,000;
and the total expenditures at $372,000,000;
leaving a surplus of estimated receipts of
$9,000,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator
if that document does not show that the
income last year exceeded the expenditure
$143,000,000.
Mr. MORTON. I will answer that with the
permission of the Senator from Nevada. For
the year ending June 30, 1867, the receipts
were $490,634,000, and the expenditures $386,-
729,000, leaving an excess of $104,000,000;
but the estimated receipts and expenditures for
the year ending June 30, 1868, leave a surolus
of but $1,000,000, and for the year ending June
30, 1869, of $9,000,000 under the present rates
of taxation.
Mr. NYE. I have no anxiety to go into
figures, and I confess that when my friend fron>
Oregon And my friend from Vermont enter-
