1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5'
cause lie could not take the test-oath; because
he was not a loyal man ; because lie had been
guilty of disloyal acts, and that, therefore, he
(Powell) upon 44 votes would be entitled to a
seat. Now, the report shows that still another
gentleman received 1,700 votes, who, if this
were to be held to be a proper election law by
this House would be entitled to a seat. But
we have directly decided that in a case where
the man receiving the majority of votes is not
entitled to take a seat here because he is not
eligible, having been guilty of disloyal acts,
the person who received the minority of the
votes is not entitled to the seat. We may just
as well allow any other man from the district
to appear here and argue this question as Mr.
Powell. I know of no rule, no practice, no
law, no propriety, that entitles him to occupy
the time of the House.
Mr. KELSEY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Vermont if we dia not in the two
Kentucky eases allow the contestants to be
heard by the House although they admitted
that they had not received a majority of the
votes ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly we did; but it
was then an open question whether we would
not give the minority man the seat. That is
the very question he came here to argue, and
now we have solemnly decided that question.
Mr. DAWES. X will state, by the leave of
the gentleman from Vermont, that neither of
the claimants in the Kentucky cases addressed
the House upon the merits of the original ques-
tion, but they addressed the House upon their
own claims after that was disposed of.
Mr. UPSON. Let me suggest further, that
in each of those cases there was a triangular
contest, as there was in this case, and the man
who received the next highest number of votes
was the man who appeared here and contested,
and not the man that was last.
Mr. POLAND. That is precisely what T
was saying; that upon any rule—upon this gen-
tleman's own rule—he would not be entitled to
the seat, provided the House should decide
that Mr. Butler is not entitled to it. Now, if
the business of the House is so pressing that
we .cannot adjourn over until Monday, if the
public business requires our attention so that
that motion had to be withdrawn in order to
accommodate the wishes and views of gentle-
men in relation to the public business, it seems
to me to be very idle that the time of the House
should be taken up in listening to this gentle-
man from this district in Tennessee who re-
ceived only 44 votes.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to make another
suggestion. It is, that in the hearing before
the Committee of Rh-ctions, Mr. Powell did
not make any claim to the seat. Consequently,
if he is permitted to speak now he will not
argue before the House any claim to the
seat.
Mr. KERR. I think the House ought to
hear Mr. Powell as to any interest lie may
have in this case. I do not know precisely
what interest he has or how he may present it
to the House ; but I know he feels great inter-
est in this case, and 1 think he should bo heard
if he desires it. I understand the case to bo
about this: the gentleman who it is now pro-
posed shall address the House, Mr. Powell,
claims that Mr. Butler is not qualified to take
a seat here by reason of his disloyalty. The
other gentleman who was voted for at the elec-
tion is not here, but I believe Chat Mr. Powell
claims that he is disloyal also ; that, as he
says, he was an original copperhead Democrat.
He denies the eligibility of either of the other
gentlemen to a seat here, and also claims that
in case the House shall adjudge them both to
be disqualified then he should be declared to
be entitled to the seat.
Mr. UPSON. Is there any evidence in re-
lation to the other man except as to the num-
ber of votes he received?
Mr. KERR. Certainly not; he is not here.
Perhaps he did not present himself because,
knowing that he was a disloyal man, he knew
he could not get in. The House having t>re-
judged his case, I know that Mr. Powell claims
that this other man could not take the seat
if it was offered to him.
Mr. BALDWIN. In my opinion, if this
gentleman should be allowed to speak at all
this certainly is not the time when that privi-
lege should be granted to him. We have be-
fore us a joint resolution proposing, in the case
of Mr. 11. R. Butler, a modification of the oath
required by the act of July, 1862, and on that
question he cannot properly speak as to the
merits of his own claim to a seat here. And
there is another point to which I would call
attention. It seems to me certain that Mr.
Butler will be admitted to a scat in this House
by some method that shall not interfere with the
fourteenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution, he having received a majority of
the votes east at the election. Therefore it
seems to me the proposition that Mr. Powell
shall now address the House is entirely out of
place, and should not be allowed.
Mr. COOK. I desire to say but a word or
two in relation to this matter. It does not
appear to me that the gentleman in whose
favor this motion has been made is a contest-
ant before this House of the seat which Mr.
Butler is seeking to occupy here. While Mr.
Butler received between eleven and twelve
thousand votes, and the gentleman in whose
favor this motion is made received 44 votes,
there was another candidate who received
some fifteen hundred votes. This gentleman,
Mr. Powell, has not pretended, before the
House or the Committee of Elections, and has
introduced no proof tending to show, that if
Mr. Butler should not be admitted to a seat
here the other gentleman, who received 1,500
votes, should not be admitted. No point has
been made against that other man, either of
disloyalty or in any other way. Consequently,
so for as Mr. Powell is concerned, his right to
the seat is not now in question. And there is
no pretense in the proof that he has a right to
the seat in any way.
Mr. CULLOM. No pretense, either by
himself or by anybody else?
Mr. COOK. 1 do not think he makes the
pretense himself, and I do not think any one
else makes it for him. Under these circum
stances I think we might as well admit any
other person in the United States to argue
this question before the House as to admit
Mr. Powell to do so.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask the gentleman
who made this motion [Mr. Kelsey] a legal
question. I take it, from what I have heard
hero this morning, that the forty-four-vote man
will not got in here any way.
Mr. CHANLER. Ho does not want to
come in.
Mr. J CJDD. The question I desire to ask is
this: if the forty-four-vote man is allowed to
speak on this floor will he not got up a claim
for the $-.£>00 which we have set a precedent
of voting to unsuccessful claimants for seals
here? I want to know whether some such
claim would not accrue to him in case he is
allowed to speak?
Mr. KELSEY. I will say, in answer to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] that
when I made the motion that this contestant be
beard I knew nothing of the state of the evi-
dence. I simply saw upon the papers here
that Mr. Powell appeared as the contestant, and
I saw that he was occupying a seat on this floor.
I supposed that he occupied the ordinary atti-
tude of a contestant and ought to be treated as
other contestants have been treated. I made
the inquiry of the chairman of the Committee
of Elections to ascertain the stattis of Mr.
Powell, and it now appears that he comes here
with only 44 votes in his favor, while other
men have received thousands. Tt, is proper
for me to add that this contestant informs me
that he was the only eligible candidate who
received any votes at that election ; that the
othertwo candidates were ineligible, and known
to be so by the electors.
Mr. UPSON. Does the gentleman know of
any election case iu which a man lias been
allowed to come in and address the House
when there was before the House no resolution
for his admission ?
Mr. KELSEY. I have already stated—and
if the gentleman had heard my remarks he
would have known my position—that I saw by
the papers in the case that Mr. Powell appeared
here as a contestant, and I saw him occupying
a seal on this floor. I knew nothing of the
state of the canvass. It was only from the
statement made here in debate that I learned
Mr. Powell received only 44 votes.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Powell contests as every
voter in the district claims the right to con-
test,. He contests the right of Mr. Butler to
hold a seat here. Ho does not appear here
urging his own right to the seat, but as an
elector of the district, contesting the right of a
man who claims to be entitled to represent him
on this floor. He is to all intents and pur-
poses an attorney, appearing before the com-
mittee, not to satisfy the committee as to his
own claims, but to satisfy the committee that
the claim of another man is unfounded.
Mr. KELSEY. That appears now from the
statement of the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, [Mr. Dawes,] but it did not appear
when I made the motion that the contestant
be heard in his own behalf. I say this much
in order to explain why I made the motion;
and I propose, notwithstanding what has been
said, to take the judgment of the House upon
the motion rather than withdraw it.
Mr. KERR. In reply to my excellent friend
from Massachusetts, 1 desire to state what lias
been incidentally stated by another gentleman,
that Mr. Powell, standing upon the opinions
of certain gentlemen on the other side of the
House, occupies the position that when the
election took place in this case no one of the
candidates except himself was eligible ; and if
this be true, then he desires to maintain here
the legal proposition that he is the only person
who did receive any votes for this seat, and is
therefore entitled to occupy it.
I think that Mr. Powell ought to be heard.
He comes here as a contestant; and if he does
not come here in his own behalf then he has
the right to come here to contest in anybody
else's behalf, lie may contest in behalf of the
public. He may come hereto defeat the claim
of a particular man to the seat without assert-
ing any right to it himself. He acts for the
good of the country, or, as a gentleman here sug-
gests, pro bono publico. [Laughter.] Ithink,
therefore, he ought to be heard on behalf of
the public, if not on his own hehalf.
Mr. DAWES. I am afraid that the remarks
of my friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] are a
little sarcastic. I move the previous question
on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kelsey.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Kelsey was
rejected, there being—ayes twenty, noes not
counted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Miller] is now entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will yield to me for a moment I will
say that the Committee of Elections are now
entirely agreed as to the recommittal of this
matter with instructions to report a bill of the
character indicated. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania can speak either upon the bill
when reported or upon the question now pend-
ing, as may l e most agreeable to him. The
gentleman intimates to me that lie prefers to
go on now.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I agree with my
learned colleague, [Mr. Biioomai.l], that the
Union man of the South deserves more credit
than theUnionman of the North,forit required
a strong-nerved man in the Souili, surrounded
as he was by perilous dangers, to stand up for
the defense of the Union. Conceding all that,
however, the question is, whether we ought to
do away with the wholesome law approved
July 2, 1802. The resolution reported by the
