1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Newcomb.
Iio. of Reps.
cation," clearly recognizing him up to that
time. And in the notice served upon him he
says:
"You will transfer to Brevet Major General
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who has
this day bt:e^i authorized and empowered to act as
Secretary of War ad interim, all records, books,
papers, and other public property now in your cus-
tody and charge."
Can any one doubt but that this act of the
President is a deliberate defiance of the Con-
stitution and laws made in pursuance thereof,
and is one of those acts defined to be a " high
misdemeanor," and cannot be permitted to pass
without appeal to the constitutional remedy
if we would save the Republic from ruin and
overthrow by executive usurpation.
That an open, willful violation of the provis-
ions of positive law is an impeachable offense
can scarcely be doubted by any one, and that
the acts of the President in this case are in
open and willful violation of a positive statute
as well as the provisions of the Constitution of
the United States I think his own acts and
words clearly prove.
But it is claimed that the. civil-tenure law is
unconstitutional. The President has the con-
stitutional right, if a bill is passed by Congress
that he thinks is in violation of the Constitu-
tion, to veto the same, and return it with his
objections to the House where it originated.
If it is then considered and passed by a major-
ity of two thirds of both Houses of Congress
it becomes a law. the President's objections to
the contrary notwithstanding; and such was the
case with this civil-tenure bill. And it is now
as much one of the laws of the nation as any
other on the statute-books. After the Presi-
dent returns a bill with his objections to the
House where it originated he has exhausted
his constitutional power to prevent it becoming
a law, and here his opposition must end. After
it becomes a law his sworn duty is to see that
it and all the laws of the land are faithfully
executed. If we admit that the President is
the judge of what laws are constitutional and
what are not we exalt the President above
the legislative and judicial departments of the
Government, and invest him with an arbitrary
power that would be subversive of all law and
liberty. If the civil-tenure law should here-
after he adjudged unconstitutional, and such
construction be given to the Constitution as
the President claims is the true one, it would
not relieve the President from the charge and
guilt of violating the law, for he must obey
and see that the laws are faithfully executed
until they are repealed or adjudged to be un-
constitutional.
In any other view of the subject what, would
prevent an ambitious and wicked President
trom declaring such laws to be unconstitu-
tional as stand in the way of his ambitious
plans ? And as President and Commander-in-
Chief of the Army assume to be the Govern-
ment, might he not strike down the liberties of
the people in a single day, or might not the
transition from a Republic to an empire be
as sudden as in France, when, oil the night of
the fatal coup d'etat, the day went out on the
republic and the following one dawned upon
an empire? And, sir, we have some reason
to believe that but for the patriotism and in-
corruptibility of the commanders of our Army
something more fatal to the liberties of the
people might have been attempted by the man
now acting President of the United States. But
upon the question of the power of the Presi-
dent to remove from office we are not without
authority. The question has been frequently
before the courts and ably argued, but not as
often decided. In Marburv vs. Madison (1
Cranch, 154) the court decided "when the
tenure of office was fixed the President had
no power over the ollicer." It has hardly
been disputed for seventy-five years but that
Congress has the right to regulate the tenure
of such officers, and no attempt has been made
for that length of time by any President to
remove such an officer as Secretary of War
and to appoint a successor while the Senate
was in session and without its consent.
I will now refer to another branch of the
subject. In December last 1 voted for the im-
peachment of the President on the evidence
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary. I
regarded that all-sufficient then, and have seen
no reason to change my opinion since. The
facts since added are not more important than
those then offered in evidence. The removal
of Edwin M. Stanton from the War Office, in
violation of the civil-tenure law, will hardly, in
the eyes of posterity, be a justification of a
great party for removing a ruler placed in
power by the people. And I do not believe
this House would resort to such a measure for
that cause alone were it not for the multitude
of other crimes he has committed in the_ last
two years. The removal of Secretary Stanton
from the War Office is, in my judgment, one
of the smallest and least criminal of his many
criminal acts, though it doubtless is the most
direct and positive violation of positive law,
and one violation of law, knowingly and will-
fully committed, is as much an impeachable
offense as a thousand.
History, however, will justify this proceed-
ing, if it justifies it at, all, not only because the
President has defiantly violated a positive penal
statute of the country by appointing and remov-
ing officers, but because, to use the language
of the minority report on a former occasion oil
this subject, the "President has disappointed
the hopes and expectations of those who placed
him in power, betrayed their confidence, and
joined hands with their enemies."
Because he has proved false to the express
and implied conditions which underlie his ele-
vation to power, and deserves the censure and
condemnation of every well-disposed citizen
of the Republic, because, "guilty of many
wrongs, he has been blind to the demands of
the times and to the demands of a progressive
civilization."
Because he is "incapable of appreciating
the grand changes which the last six years
have wrought, and seeks to measure the great
events which Surround him by the narrow
rules which adjusted public offices before the
rebellion and its legitimate consequences had
destroyed them and established others."
Because he has created provisional govern-
orships and other civil offices unknownlo law,
appointed persons to fill offices who were dis-
qualified because of their participation in the
rebellion from holding any office under the
Government of the United States, and per-
mitted them to exercise the duties thereof, fixed
the salaries of such officers, and paid them with
money belonging to the Government without
authority of law.
He has assumed and exercised the right to
form new State governments without author-
ity of law, thereby usurping a power that be-
longs exclusively to Congress.
Because he has ordered officers of his own
creation to call conventions for that purpose,
and drew money from the contingent fund of
the War Department, without authority of law,
to pay said officers.
Because he has surrendered immense quanti-
ties of railroad property that belonged to the
Government to the rebels—roads captured from
the rebels in time of war, and completed with
money drawn from the public Treasury. ^
He has attempted to corrupt the public ser-
vice of the Government by offering bribes to
his subordinates.
He, in the language of the majority re-
port of the Committee on the Judiciary, " by
public proclamation and otherwise did, in the
year 1865, invite, solicit, and convene in cer-
tain other States then recently in rebellion,
conventions of persons, many of whom were
known traitors who had been engaged in an
attempt to overthrow the Government of the
United States, and urged and directed such
conventions to frame constitutions for such
States.
"He used and applied property taken from
the enemy in time of war for the payment of
the expenses and support of illegal and uncon-
stitutional governments set up in States recently
in rebellion; and, for a like purpose, and in
violation of the Constitution and of his oath of
office, he authorized and permitted a levy of
taxes upon the people of said States, thus
usurped and exercising a power which, by the
Constitution, is vested exclusively in the Con-
gress of the United States.
"He has in messages to Congress and other-
wise denied substantially the right of Congress
to provide for the pacification, government,
and restoration of the rebel States to the Union.
And in like manner he has asserted his exclu-
sive right to provide governments therefor,
and to accept and proclaim the restoration
of said States to the Union, all of which is in
derogation of the rightful authority of Congress
and calculated to subvert the Government of
the United States."
He has encouraged the spirit of rebellion in
the South after it was crushed out by armed
force until the sentiment of loyalty could only
assert itself at the peril of life and property.
He has fanned the spirit of revenge in the minds
of men recently in rebellion until it has exiled
thousands of the best and truest men of the
South from their homes and household gods.
He lias encouraged the spirit of persecution
and revenge toward the colored population of
the South uutil ten thousand have fell victims
to the hate and vengeance of their former
masters, and their unburied and unshected
bones are scattered from Richmond to the Rio
Grande, and methinks they point their flesh-
less fingers toward Andrew Johnson and say,
" I will meet thee there "—not at Plnlippi, in
the night time in battle array, but at the judg-
ment bar of the great future, when the hollow-
ness of his pretensions to be the "Moses of
the black man" will excite the jeers of the
world.
He has from the hour when, in a state of
inebriation, in the Capitol of the nation, in the
presence of the people and in the presence of
the representatives of all the nations of the
earth, he took the oath of office, down to this
day. been a peipetual reproach to his high
posilion and a disgrace to the American nation.
For these and other reasons that will be
faithfully preserved by the sleepless chronicler,
history will justify this proceeding, and assign
to Andrew Johnson a place with Nero, 'l'or-
quamada, George Jeffries, and other names
that stand out in history as warnings to those
who come after.
Others who differ with me in opinion will
justify their vote upon other grounds; with
them 1 shall have no dispute. It matters but
little to me by what process a man arises at a
correct conclusion; 1 rejoice without stopping
to criticise the process of reasoning that led
him there. To-day I am glad to believe that
all my Republican friends are ready to vote
for a measure I have for more than twelve
mouths looked upon as inevitable and neces-
sary to national prosperity and peace. For,
with Andrew Johnsonin the presidential chair,
reconstruction cannot take place, and public
confidence will not be restored. Legislate as
we may, the restoration of the rebel States to
their proper place in the Union, after all lies
at the foundation of confidence and security.
It is vain to talk of confidence and stability in
business matters, or of giving such security to
values as will justify investments, while ten
States are disorganized and business pros-
trated, and financial ruin spreads all over lhat
territory, and the difficulty cannot be reme-
died as long as the Executive uses the whole
power of his high office to thwart every :neas-
I ure of Congress looking to the restoration Oi
| those Slates.
I And, in conclusion, let me say to Representa-
