1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3739
Mr. COLE. I am not prepared now to go
into a full explanation of this subject. I do not
think it worth while. I wish the chairman of
the committee could have consented to let it go
over until I could hare come into possession
of all the facts. I was not aware it was coming
up at this time, and 1 have not the data before
me that I wish I had and that I could have if
the subject were postponed. I hope, however,
the Senate w 11 agree to this rule that has pre-
vailed heretofore to exempt this description of
brandy from the tax that is imposed upon other
brandies and whisky.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senate
should be put in possession of the facts in re-
lation to this case before they are called upon
to vote. The present duty, the lowest duty
upon brandy, is three dollars per gallon. The
present internal tax on brandy is one dollar
per gallon. By this bill it will bo reduced
from one dollar to fifty cents; the precise
amount that we levy upon the rawest kind of
whisky. The brandy made from grapes, as I
understand, is a very excellent article, and
sells tor a greatly increased price above that
of whisky. It is a favor to have it placed upon
the same level with whisky, a favor which the
Committee on Finance were very ready to
concede ; but afier this article has been pro-
tected by a duty on foreign importations to the
extent of three dollars per gallon, to ask*any-
thing more on the part of Congress it seems
to me would be asking too much.
I know that my fascinating friend on my
right [Mr. Conness] will present this case as
one of peculiar hardship to California; but I
think it is a very great favor that we allow this
article to be taxed no more than the corn
whisky njade in the western States. I trust,
therefore, that the amendment proposed by the
Senator trom California will not be assented to.
Mr. CON NESS. Mr. President, we ought
to acknowledge with becoming thankfulness the
boon that this Commiiteeon Finance, and espe-
cially try friend from Vermont, have granted
ns in not proposing a special additional tax
upon brandy made in the United States from
grapes. We are to thank the great organ of
home manufactures, my honorable friend from
Vermont, the originator of all tariffs—at least
the children think so—in this country, because
he has not seen fit to tax out of existence one
of the greatest growing interests in the Ameri-
can Republic.
I was only surprised, Mr. President, coming
to earnest considerations, at the ground upon
which my friend puts his action upon this sub-
ject. Three dollars per gallon is imposed upon
foreign brandies by our tariff, and therefore it
is a favor to the home manufacturers and grow-
ers of brandy made from grapes that a special
additional tax over and above that which is
imposed upon corn whisky is not imposed upon
the home-made brandy, for, says the Senator,
brandy made from grapes is excellent! Well,
now, 1 ask my honorable friend if there is any
brandy in the world not made from grapes?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, from
apples and peaches.
Mr. CONN ESS. Well, Mr. President, there
is a liquor nick-named brandy, but it is more
properly called applejack when made from
apples, and it ought to have such a designa-
tion applied to it according to the fruit from
■which it was extracted. But, Mr. President,
there is no pretense by anybody who has any
information on the subject that brandy is man-
ufactured from anything else than grapes.
"Why, sir, the brandies that we get from Eu-
rope are made from the vines grown in France
and Germany and Italy, or else they are base
concoctions made up for us in imitation of
those brandies. But, sir, there are no new
brandies sent here for sale. A brandy made
from grapes, within five or ten years after its
manufacture, is not fit for human consump-
tion. and it is not consumed. The brandy
upon which threj dollars per gallon is imposed
of duty at our ports is worth when it comes
into the market for sale and for my friend's
consumption eight, twelve, or fifteen dollars
per gallon. It is of the vintage of 1800 or
1815, and so on down to within ten years of
the present time; no other class of brandy can
find sale in an American market or in any
market. I desire to correct gentlemen in their
statements, in their impression in this regard.
The distillation from grapes is when distilled
and for a long time thereafter, utterly unfit for
consumption, that until it gets years and years
of preservation, and is toned down by the evap-
oration of the alcohol from it; and during
those years it has to be kept at the cost of
interest upon the money. Besides, a vineyard
to produce it must be planted many years in
advance of a crop ; and althtJugh they begin
to get some few grapes from vines planted in
the third and fourth year in California, there
is no crop of grapes from any vineyard there
or elsewhere in less than eight, ten, twelve, or
twenty years. Yet during all that time inter-
est has to be paid upon the money by which
those vineyards, extensive vineyards, have been
planted and are cultivated and sustained.
Again, let me tell Senators that in Califor-
nia, the only country that possesses advan-
tages that rival France and Italy and Germany
in the production of the grape, we have pecu-
liar difficulties to contend with. We have there
no timber to make our casks from; at least
none yet. We import them at immense prices.
Though we have great natural advantages by
reason of our climate and soil, we are under
disadvantages in every other respect in the
high price of labor; in the time necessary in
bringing forward the vineyards ; in the years
necessary to put brandy in the market and
make it fit for sale and consumption ; we are
borne down by the high rates of interest, and
veryfewof our wine-makers—very few of those
who begin to plant their vineyards reap the
result of their crops; their vineyards pass,
like many other costly investments, into other
hands, and finally those who buy a vineyard
already growing a crop, bringing new capital
into connection with its products, eventually
if you do not tax them out of existence, may
make a business that is worthy of their atten-
tion.
Mr. President, after the question was fully
discussed here a year ago and the reasons given
pro and eon., a section was agreed upon as at
least a reasonable concession to the great grow-
ing interest that we are endeavoring to repre-
sent. Itis found on page -177 of the Statutes-at-
Large for 1805 and 1867, section twelve of the
act of March 2, 18G7 :
"That there shall bo levied, collector!, paid on
brandy made from grapes onedollar per gallon; and
if any person shall knowingly manufacture, com-
pound, put up. soli, or dispose of, or cause to be
manufactured," &.Q.
And then follows the penalty to be imposed
for attempts at making a bogus or factitious
or simulated article. That was agreed to; and
there has not been a complaint made through
the internal revenue authorities that it has led
in any respect during the year of its existence
to one single attempted fraud.
Now, my honorable friend from Vermont
and the Committee on Finance seem to think
that as they are reducing the tax on spirits
produced from the cereals, it is a great favor
to us engaged in the production of brandy.
Why, Mr. President, the cases are entirely dif-
ferent. The man who engages in making
spirits from grain goes into the market and
brings his grain, and in a given number of
days it is transferred into spirits, and passes
from his hands into the market for sale. The
country yields it3 annual grain crop. But it
takes years and years to produce a crop from
grapes on a vineyard capable of producing a
crop. In the State of California at this time
there are probably not less than twenty mil-
lion vines planted, and yet the product of
the vineyards there is still inconsiderable; but
within ten or fifteen years to come the inter-
ests of this country will be promoted by that
crop to a greater extent than, perhaps, in con-
nection with any single article produced in the
United States. We send now, for either real
or simulated brandies, to Europe millions of
our gold annually, which we shall then be
enabled, if we do not crush this interest, out of
existence, to keep within our own hands, deal-
ing with our own people and enriching our-
selves.
Mr. President, I do not deem it possible
that it should be necessary to say anything
further in regard to this question. When
receiving the other day telegrams from various
sections of_my State, and presenting them here
with the wish that they should be referred to
the Committee on Finance, I supposed that*
that committee would take this matter into
generous consideration. I supposed that the
fostering hand thathas brought American man-
ufactures and products up to a competing con-
dition with those of other nations of the world
■would not be denied to us in connection with
this interest. But, Mr. President, I confess
my surprise, particularly at my friend who sits
at my left hand, [Mr. Morrill,, of Vermont,]
that he turns away from this interest, that ha
fails to investigate and ascertain its exact con-
\ dition, that he denies its demands, and that he
who has been known so proudly through the
country as the one who favored and conducted
the productive interests of this country to their
present condition of success by a reasonable
protection, denies that meed of protection to
us and to this interest that we represent here.
But, Mr. President, itis not to the generosity
of Senators that I would appeal, but to their
sense of justice, to remind them that that
country lying on the broad shores of the Pacific
is not our country, but it is their country ; its
products are their products; its advance is
their advance ; its success becomes their suc-
cess, and its glory their glory. They must not
forget, Mr. President, as 1 have taken the oppor-
tunity to remind them on more than one occa-
sion, that the Government of this great conti-
nent is carried on upon one side of it while
some of its greatest and grandest works are
being carried on upon the other side, thousands
and thousands of miles from where that Gov-,
ernment is conducted. We cannot expect, Mr.
President, that honorable Senators and legis-
lators here will enter exactly and familiarly
into the consideration of the details of' the
interests of that great region ; but we ought
to expect and have a right to expect, and we
do receive from many Senators, 1 confess, ac-
knowledge with great gratification, that con-
siderate regard from time to time to which we
are entitled.
I hope, Mr. President, that the Senate will
vote for the adoption of the amendment offered
by my colleague. It is asking nothing new ;
it is maintaining what has been conceded here-
tofore. It is in behalf of one of the greatest
growing interests of America. And, sir, I do
not know how I shall return to the sunny land
where this great interest is being carried on
after having been voted down upon a propo-
sition so simple and embracing so much natural
justice. I trust, therefore, for the favorable
vote of the Senate upon this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Conness] evinces a great deal of
spirit in this matter which I think the figures
hardly justify, in behalf of California. The
Committee on Finance, finding that there was
some doubt whether or not this bill reduced
the tax on brandies, proposed to put on this
proviso. If the Senator will look at the law
he will find that brandy being taxed specifically
at one dollar the first section of this bill might
be held not to reduce that tax; and the com-
mittee in order to give brandy the benefit of
the reduction which this bill extends to other
spirits placed it at fifty cents, also. Now the
Senator speaks as if this was a matter in which
California alone was interested. So far as the
production of brandy from grapes is concerned
Ohio has the same interest as California.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will be very
much surprised when I tell him that California
does notyield us one twelfth part of the amount
that is received from thissinglearticle ofbrandy.
Brandy is not only made from grapes; brandy
