1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2715
from the people, elected by the people, and
that they represent the people. All know that,
practically, nothing can be farther from the
truth. History will confirm what I say, when
I declare that a majority of the national con-
ventions of both parties which have been held
not only have not "reflected the wishes of the
party for which they assumed to act in making
nominations, but that they have repeatedly and
deliberately disregarded their known wishes.
Instead of our national, State, or district
conventions being made up of delegates elected
directly by the people, they are made up of
delegates selected by packed committees in
State conventions composed of delegates ap-
pointed on the recommendation of like com-
mittees appointed by other delegates in county
conventions, who, in the first instance, are often
nominated in township and ward caucuses,
which are packed by the leaders of cliques and
controlled by political machinery in the hands
of a few, without regard to the wishes or inter-
ests of the voters for whom they assume to act.
Thus the delegates in our national conventions
are always removed three, and usually four,
degrees from the people. Indeed, the people
seldom have a voice in the election of the first
delegates from townships and wards, owing to
the political machinery employed by the few
who work it. If the voice of the people is par-
tially heard in the ward and township cau-
cuses, which is well nigh impossible under our
present practice, at each successive remove
from the people their will is less regarded,
until at last when it reaches our national con-
ventions no voice is heard but the clamor of
the office-seeker and the violent contentions
of warring factions. Especially is this the case
in the Democratic party when they adopt the
two-third rule. As to consultation and de-
liberation at such conventions, that is impos-
sible, nor is it now expected.
Oftener than otherwise the delegates who
attend these conventions vote for men of whom
they know but little and of whose political
record they know absolutely nothing. Witness
the action of the Republican convention at
Baltimore which nominated Andrew Johnson.
The indecent scramble of the bullet-headed
politicians and demagogues for the honor of
first announcing the name of Andrew Johnson
as a candidate before that convention was one
of the most disgusting exhibitions I ever wit-
nessed.
A majority who attend such conventions are
always clamorous for prompt action and ad-
journment, never for consultation. _ They are
usually more anxious about the size of their
hotel bills than about the record of the candi-
date to be nominated. Their object is gained
when their names are recorded as delegates to
the convention and they have voted for the
nomination of the successful man.
Benton, in his "Thirty Years' View," in
speaking of national conventions and compar-
ing them with the congressional caucus system,
uses the following language :
"But it [tho convention system] quickly^degen-
erated and became obnoxious to all the objections
to Congress caucus nominations and many others
besides. Meuibeis of Congress still attended them,
either as delegates or as lobby managers. Persons
attended as delegates who had no constituency, [as
delegates, professing to be troin Texas and other
States, appeared at the Chicago Kepublican conven-
tion i.i I860.] Delegates attended upon equivocal
appointment. Double sots of delegates sometimes
came lioin the State, and either were admitted or
repulsed, assuited tho views of tho majority. Proxies
were invented. Many delegates attended with tho
solo view of establishing a claim for office, and voted
accordingly. The two-thirds rule was invented to
enable the minority to control the majority, and the
whole proceeding became anomalous and irrespon-
sible and subversive of the will of the people, leav-
ing them no more control over tho nomination than
the subjects of kings have over the birth of the child
which is born to rule over them. King caucus is as
potent as any other king in this respect; for who-
ever gets the nomination, no matter how effected,
becomes the candidate of the party, from the neces-
sity of union against the opposite party, and from
the indisposition of the great States to go into the
House of Representatives to be balanced by the
small ones. This is the mode of making Presidents,
practiced by both parties now. It is the virtual elec-
tion! And thus the election of the President and
Vice President of the United States tias passed, not
only from the college of electors, to which the Con-
stitution confided it, and from tho people to whom the
practice under the Constitution gave it, and from the
House of Representatives, which the Constitution
provided as ultimate arbiter, but has gone to an
anomalous, irresponsible body, unknown to law or
Constitution, unknown to tho early ages of our trov-
ernment, and of which a large proportion of the
members composing it, and a much larger propor-
tion of interlopers attending it, hare no other view,
either in attending or in promoting the nomination
of any particular man, than to get oneelected who
will enable them to eat out of the publio crib—who
will givo them a key to the public crib."
I do not overdraw the picture, nor did the
great Missouri Senator.
In order to realize how Democratic and
Kepublican national conventions are made up,
let me state as briefly as I may the manner of
their organization.
NATIONAL CONVENTIONS—-IIOW MADE CP.
A national committee issue a call some five
or six months in advance of the time appointed
for the meeting of the convention, in which
they call upon the electors of their party in
each State to appoint two delegates for each
congressional district and four for the State at
large, to meet in Chicago or New York. State
committees of each party issue calls for State
conventions, to be composed of delegates from
each county. County committees issue calls
for the voters in each ward and .township or
voting precinct, to select delegates to a county
convention. Township and ward committees
issue their call, aud the voters of each party
are supposed to comply with the invitation
of the authorized local committees of their
respective parties and attend the caucuses.
What is the fact? On an average I do not
believe one voter in ten of either party ever
attends the caucuses, simply because they are
so unfairly and often so improperly conducted
by a few political managers and office-seekers
that the great body of honorable men become
disgusted and remain away. Should they at-
tend, they are permitted to have no voice in
the caucus if .they are in hostility to those who
live, and expect to live, by controlling them.
Oftener than otherwise not more than ten, and
seldom more than fifty, meetat these caucuses in
each wardortownship, unless there is somelocal
excitement growing out ot a contest for local
nominations. Sometimes not more than three
or five men will go to the place appointed for
caucus, and organize and appoint delegates in
the name of the party and adjourn before the
time named in the notice, and before the reg-
ular meeting could possibly be held. This is
always done so quietly and speedily that not
unfrequently the regular caucus know nothing
about the pretended caucus which has just
adjourned.
If time is not thus taken by the forelock
by the tricksters when the people meet at the
place designated it is attempted in some other
manner. Usually Mr. Smith, by previous ar-
rangement, nominates Mr. Pogram for chair-
man and Mr. Thompson for secretary, and
puts the affirmation of the motion and declares
it carried. Whereupon Mr. Smith moves that
a committee of three be appointed to report
to tli® meeting the names of suitable gentle-
men to be appointed as delegates to the county
convention. The chairman declares the motion
carried without putting the negative, and ap-
points on said committee Mr. Smith and two
others whose names have been handed to the
chairman by Mr. Smith before the meeting ofthe
caucus. The committee retire and soon return
with a unanimous report, including tho name
of tho chairman and Mr. Smith as delegates,
which, oil motion of Mr. Smith, the caucus
accepts, and the delegates reported are de-
clared appointed.
If any one has the courage to object to such
proceedings, he is promptly ruled out of order
by the chairman and denounced as a disor-
ganizer by Mr. Smith and his friends and the
caucus adjourns. If Smith, Pogram & Co.
fear they cannot thus manage the caucus, they
do not hesitate to resort to any chicanery which
in their opinion may be necessary to carry their
point. To do so, Mr. Smith will sometimes
nominate Mr. Pogram for chairman and Sir.
Thompson for secretary, and put the motion
affirmatively and declare it carried, notwith-
standing honorable members of- the pacty pro'
test and demand a division. The well-drilled
caucus chairman will take no notice of this<de-
maud, and Mr. Smith will Lake from his pocket
a paper and read from it along list of names,
which he moves be appointed delegates to thS
county convention, and Mr. Chairman Pogram
puts the motion and declares it adopted, refus-
ing to put the negative, and before the members
of the caucus have time to recover from their
surprise Mr. Smith moves that the caucus do
now adjourn. The chairman at once puts the
motion and declares it adopted, and in less
time than it has required me to tell it the so-
called caucus has been organized, appointed
delegates, and adjourned, and the officers,
with Mr. Smith and his clique, retire to some
convenient place for refreshments and to make
out the certificates of election for the delegates.
The people who are present then consult
whether they bad better organize the caucus
and elect delegates as honorable and honest
men should do, or whether they had better
submit to the outrage thus perpetrated rather
than hazard the success of the party and incur
the risk of having their delegates refused seats
in the county convention, should they elect
any : and, in a majority of instances, the peo-
ple submit to just such shameless proceedings
rather than hazard the defeat of their party.
If, however, they should decide not to submit
to such an outrage, and proceed to elect dele-
gates regularly and fairly, they are usually ex-
cluded trom the county convention, because
they organized aud elected their delegates after
the regular caucus had adjourned.
I have known members of the Democratic
party come into a Republican caucus to aid
a desperate and unprincipled clique, and men
claiming to be Christian gentlemen permit
themselves to be nominated and serve as chair-
man and secretary under a pretended election
such as I have described, and put motions and
declare them adopted, and that the persons
named by Mr. Smith or Jones as delegates
to a county convention were duly elected in a
caucus where the majority against the proposed
delegates were three and four to one, and if
they had been permitted to vote in the nega-
tive would have so voted.
Where an attempt is sometimes made to
have a fair vote by ballot Mr. Smith and his
followers do not hesitate to pack the caucus
with men who belong to the opposite party
whom they can use, and in addition stuff the
ballot-box to carry their point. If from any
cause they fail, even with their ballot-box stuff-
ing, to elect their delegates, the next move is
to proclaim, in a boisterous manner, the whole
proceeding unfair and retire from the caucus
with well-feigned disgust to an adjoining room
or into the open air and elect delegates, who
go to the convention and demand admission.
Jf they cannot displace the fairly and regu-
larly-elected delegates they will propose, "for
the sake of harmony in the party," and as a
compromise, that both sets of delegates be
admitted, with authority for the two delega-
tions jointly to cast the vote to which the reg-
ular delegation would be entitled. This dodge
is often repeated by the election of double
delegations from county to State conventions,
and sometimes by State to national conven-
tions; and oftener than otherwise both sets of
delegates thus elected are admitted, and the
voice of the party in the township or ward,
county or State, is neutralized in the conven-
tions to which fraudulent delegates are thus
admitted. Men are often admitted in this way
to county, State, aud national conventions who
could not possibly be elected by their own
party to any position. It is due to fairness to
state that a large majority of such frauds as I
have described are usually perpetrated m large
towns and cities.
When men claiming to be respectable citi-
zens are guilty of such dishonorable and fraud-
ulent practices in their own party caucuses it
