1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
tested against secession, how he advocated the
Union, and parade all that before us; and
what can we say then ? The only difference
between Mr. Stephens's case and this is that
his professions and acts of Unionism were
made before he went into the confederacy and
Mr. Butler's after he went in by accepting a
position.
Sir, I have no doubt that Mr. Butler is now
a sound Union man. Charity requires us to
suppose that at the time he took the oath to
support the confederacy he was otherwise, be-
cause it is not to be supposed that a man of
honor and integrity, as he is represented to be,
would go and swear to an oath that he knew
he was going to violate soon after.
My objection is that it is now too soon to
adopt the measure proposed ; we should wait
until these States are reconstructed. I trust
that in a very few months these southern
States, having held their conventions and
framed constitutions and submitted them to
their people, and the same are ratified by a
majority of those who vote upon them, will elect
and send here legal Representatives who can take
the oath prescribed by the act of July 2, 1862,
and we can admit their Representatives upon
this floor; and when that is done it is time to
consider the propriety of altering the test-oath.
Then there can be no longer any doubt as to
the question of the adoption of the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, if it is not already adopted.
It is a mooted question now whether that
amendment has not been adopted by the rati-
fication of three fourths of the loyal States. I
know it is contended by some that it must be
ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of
all the States in the Union, (including those
lately in rebellion.) That question, however,
is not now involved in the ease under consid-
eration.
Then, so far as this gentleman is concerned,
I trust he will be content to wait. There cer-
tainly must be competent men in his district
who can take this oath. I think, so far as Mr.
Butler is concerned, it showed much assurance
on his part to -offer himself as a candidate for
a seat here when he knew that he had been in
a rebel Legislature and taken the oath to sup-
port the confederate government. He must
have known that this statute of July 2, 1862,
was upon our statute-books, and that all the
members of this Congress were bound to take
the oath prescribed by that act. Yet he asks
us to make a special exception of his case.
Would it be consistent on our part to do so?
Congress would have to pass a resolution by a
two-thirds vote of each House removing the
disability from him, under the provisions of
the amended article to the Constitution.
It is proposed by the resolution now before
us to change the oath prescribed by law and
admit Mr. Butler at once. Against that 1 pro-
test. It would, in my opinion, be establishing
a most dangerous precedent. It becomes us
of the Republican party to be consistent in our
action. I am not for letting down this oath ; I
think it is a salutary oath, one that should be
adhered to. It is an oath that had a salutary
effect in aiding to save us during the rebellion.
That rebellion is not yet entirely cleared up.
There are ten States not yet reconstructed.
We are waiting for them to organize loyal State
governments, to send loyal Representatives
here, whom we can take by the hand and re-
ceive upon this floor.
After that has been done, when the States
of the South have shown evidences of loyalty,
have shown their adherence to the principles
of our Government, then we can say, in the
words of my learned friend and colleague,
[Mr. Broomaix,] and the able chairman of
the Committee of Elections, [Mr. Dawes,]
"we will forgive you; we will remove this
barrier from our statute-books." We may do
it then, but we should not do it before.
I say to gentlemen here we should not be
hasty in changing this oath ; we have not yet
done all our work; there is much stdl to be
done. If there are no loyal men in this dis-
trict of Tennessee who can take the oath then
no great injury will be done if they are not
allowed to have a Representative upon this
floor at this time. But I have no doubt that
there are plenty of loyal men in that district
who took no part in the rebellion, held no
office under the bogus confederacy, and who
can consistently take the oath prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1862.
I would be willing to go as far as any man
to encourage the Union men of the South.
But it seems to me that we should not let our
sympathy for them carry us too far; we should
not suffer our sympathies to betray our judg-
ments. If we do, the precedent we now estab-
lish may be used in such a way hereafter as to
give us trouble.
There need be no difficulty in this ease. Let
Mr. Butler take his chance like any other man.
He cannot profess ignorance of the law; he
knew of the statute, and he knew that he had
transgressed, yet in the face of all that he suf-
fered himself to be a candidate, and comes
here and asks us to change the oath prescribed
by law so far as he is concerned.
Sir, I warn our friends that if we do so in
this case we cannot tell how far it will lead us.
Perhaps, if Georgia is readmitted, the district
in which Alexander H. Stephens resides may
elect him and send him here. He, too, may
say: "I stood by the Union at one time; I
made speeches for the Union ; I risked every-
thing for it, until I thought it convenient to
accept the second office in the gift of the con-
federacy, thinking that, perhaps, after a while,
if the confederacy should succeed, I might
become its president."
Without multiplying words in this case I
desire to say that I think this is an important
question, and that we should be extremely cau-
tious in its decision. I admit that the evidence
shows that after Mr. Butler came out of the
rebel Tennesssee Legislature he showed some
good traits. He aided and sustained the
Union, and well might ho do so, because he
received its protection in his person and prop-
erty.
I ask our friends, therefore, before they vote
for this resolution to remember that whenever
we tamper with that oath we are treading upon
dangerous ground. I well recollect that the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiellabarger,]
who is now kept at home by sickness, warned
his brethren before he left these Halls to be
cautious about letting down that oath of 1802.
Those words struck me with powerful effect
when uttered upon this floor. Yet, we are
called upon this day to say that we will change
that salutary law, that we will eradicate a part
of it, that we will break it down and admit
here a man who was in a rebel Legislature and
took an oath to support the confederacy. Are
the Republican members of this House pre-
pared to go thus far?
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not want to bo understood
as saying one word against Mr. Butler's char-
acter. I have no doubt he is a respectable
man, and may have done well for the Union;
but he did behave badly when he took the oath
of allegiance to the rebel confederacy. I am
not disposed to say that a man who takes an
oath, in however bad a cause, and then violates
it, can claim much credit merely for that; and
surely it would not be asking too much to re-
quire Mr. Butler to wait a few months longer
until all the late rebellious States, or at least
the greater part of them, should be recon-
structed.
I trust, then, that we shall not adopt this
resolution. I am in favor of recommitting the
subject. Let the committee consider it further.
I am not sure that it would be proper to admit
Mr. Butler even by an act passing both Houses
by a two-thirds vote in pursuance of the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution; but at
any rate the resolution reported by the com-
mittee ought never to be adopted until such an
act has been passed by atwo-tliirds vote. But,
as I have said, 1 doubt the propriety and policy
of passing such an act now. Let us wait a few
months longer. It may not be proper for me
to speak of circumstances which may occur in
the meantime; but I will say that in the course
of three or four months, I trust, every one of
those ten States will be knocking at the doors
of Congress for admission, presenting to us
such constitutions as we can approve and such
Representatives as can take the oath prescribed
by our existing law, Representatives whom we
can shake by the hand and rcceive into full
fellowship. Then, when all the States have
been fully restored to the Union, we can con-
sider the propriety of waiving the requirements
of the test-oath act; but at present I beg gen-
tlemen on this side not to be too hasty, and
remember that it becomes the dominant party
to be consistent on such an important question
as now before us; for as to the gentlemen on
the other side of the House, they favor the
admission of a representative in Congress not-
withstanding they may have held office under
the rebel government.
report of j. ross browne.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting the
report of J. Ross Browne on the mineral
resources of the States and Territories west
of the Roeky mountains; which was referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that twenty thou-
sand extra copies of the report just presented
be printed.
Sir. CAVANAUGII. I hope that this mo-
tion wili not be agreed to until the committee
has had an opportunity to examine the report.
I know that a portion of it is siot true.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing under the
law.
tennessee election k. k. butler.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to yield to
me for a few minutes, that I may have taken
from the Speaker's table a Senate bill propos-
ing to relieve from taxation certaiu school
property in this city, which is now about to be
sold for the non-payment of taxes.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
in a short time.
Mr. Speaker, this discussion has gone to such
a length, and there is so little difference of
opinion upon the question, that I think it
unnecessary to prolong the debate much fur-
ther. But before it closes I will, with the in-
dulgence of the House, say a few words—they
shall be very few—in answer to my estimable
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Milder.]
I regret he has felt it to be his duty, the only
gentleman in this House, to undertake, in the
face of the testimony, the universal testimony,
of every man who has known Mr. Butler, to
arraign him for lack of loyalty, and to run a
parallel between his position and his course
and that of my esteemed friend from Pennsyl-
vania, and to say that he, up there in Pennsyl-
vania, in quiet and peace, and under full pro-
tection, would not have taken that oath if he
had been placed in the position of Mr. Butler
in Tennessee, surrounded as he was by the
rebellion, and living in the midst of perils and
dangers of every description. With what com-
placency my friend from Pennsylvania rolled
up his eyes in holy honor at what seemed to
him the shortcomings of this man Butler in this
peril, and with what self-satisfaction he stated
to this House, " I would do no such thing ; I
thank God I stood upon firm ground and my
feet did not slide in all this time."
The gentleman will pardon mo if I turn to
Holy Writ and commend to him what has been
sent down to us as an example. I ask him
whether, if he had changed places with Mr.
Butler, he had been in Tennessee and Mr.
Butler had been in Pennsylvania, if he had
been amid these perils and dangers and took
the oath as Mr. Butler did, he thinks Mr. But-
ler would have stood up here to-day in the face
of all the evidence of loyalty and patriotism
