192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Smith.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
tives on this floor, that the American people,
the true Democrats and real Republicans of
the nation, the men who make and unmake
Representatives, Governors, and Presidents,
expect their Representatives this day to do
their duty and their whole duty, loving justice,
hating treachery, admiring courage, they will
tolerate no shirking of responsibility on the
part of those sent up hero to remove in their
name the only remaining obstacle in the way
of a speedy restoration to national Union and
peace. Educated to believe "There can be
offered to God no more acceptable sacrifice
than the death of an unjust and wicked king,"
they require at our hands the most acceptable
act we can in their name perforin—the imme-
diate impeachment and lawful removal of a
depraved, wicked, corrupt, and treacherous
President.
I will close in the language of St. Paul, that
peerless man, whose words of wisdom and fer-
vid eloquence has come ringing down through
twenty centuries without having lost any of
their strength or beauty. His words of in-
struction to the Ephesian church are peculiarly
applicable to us this day.
"Put, on the whole armor of God, that you m'n y be
able to stand against the wiles of tho devil; for we
wrestle not against flesh and blood, hut against prin-
cipalities, against powers, against tho rulers of the
darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness
in high places. Wherefore, take unto you thcwholo
armorof God, that ye inay he able to withstand in
the evil day, and, having done all, to stand."
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. W. C. SMITH,
OF VEU1IONT,
Ijt the House op Represextatives,
February 21, 1868,
On the resolution reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of tho Presi-
dent.
Mr. SMITH. Thequestion now suddenly and
in a most unexpected and extraordinary man-
ner forced upon the consideration and determ-
ination of the House is, indeed, one of surpass-
ing interest and transcendent importance. In
the decision soon here to be made rest great
issues, issues commensurate with the greatness
and fraught with the destinies of the Republic.
Next, indeed, to tlie great measures inaugu-
rated to save the life of the nation and preserve
the entirety of the Union, no question has come
before the American Congress for discussion
and decision, affecting more vitally and perma-
nently the welfare and safety of the country,
and the perpetuity of republican institutions
than the one now under consideration.
The great executive Officer of the American
people—the representative embodiment of na-
tional honor, of national justice, and of national
power, the sworn defender of the Constitution
and the executor of the laws, is solemnly
charged with such contempt and disobedience
of law, such disregard and violation of the
provisions and limitations of the Constitution,
as, within the meaning and intent of that in-
strument, constitute high crimes and misde-
meanors, It is incumbent on us, therefore, as
Representatives of the people, watchful of their
interests and jealous of their honor, to consider
this great question with that candor and cau-
tion, that thoroughness and impartiality, which
shall insure a wise and just decision.
_ On the 27th day of January last a resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction authorizing them "to inquire what
combinations have been made or attempted to
be made to obstruct the due execution of the
laws," and to report to the House " what action,
if any, they may deem necessary." On the
22d instant they reported a copy of a letter or
official order of the President removing Hon.
Edwin M. Stanton from office as Secretary of
War, and also a copy of another letter or
official order authorizing Brevet Major Gene-
ral Lorenzo Thomas to act as Secretary of War
ad interim, and ordering him to immediately
enter upon the discharge of the duties pertain-
ing to that office. The committee further re-
port that, upon the evidence collected by them,
they are of the opinion that the President be
impeached of high crimes and misdemeanors,
and recommend the passage of a resolution to
that effect.
Under the solemnity of our oath of office we
are now called to weigh and act upon the testi-
mony, and to declare for or against the resolu-
tion of impeachment.
Has the President, in the acts or either of
them referred to, violated the laws and the Con-
stitution; and is he, therefore, justly charged
with.high crimes and misdemeanors? If both
acts—that of the removal of Mr. Stanton
and the appointment of General Thomas—
were authorized by the Constitution and war-
ranted by law, then he stands justified. If,
however, either or both were in opposition to
or in violation of either the Constitution or the
law, then he is liable to such judgment as the
intent or purpose of his acts may justify. To
the Constitution, then, we first refer the acts
committed by the President for consideration
and judgment in the light of, and according to
the letter and spirit of that instrument.
It is important here to ascertain, if possible,
what, if any, authority there may be in the Con-
stitution itself for the existence of such an ex-
ecutive department as is now established and
recognized as the Department of War, and
whether such an officer as is now known and
styled as Secretary of War is provided for;
and, if so, what is the rank, or order, or classi-
fication. of such official; and how the appoint-
ment of such officer may bo made, and to whom
it is intrusted.
By referring to section two of article two of
the Constitution, prescribing and defining the
powers and duties of the President, it will be
seen that he is empowered to "require the
opinion in writing of the principal officer in
each of the Executive Departments upon any
subject relating to the duties of their respective
offices." Here is first, and clearly found, con-
stitutional authority and provision for the ex-
istence and erection of those Executive Depart-
ments which were afterward organized and
regulated by law, and for the appointment of
a " principal officer" to each, to be known and
designated as an officer of the United States
at the head of an executive Department.
The Department of War was organized by
law, in pursuance of and under the authority
of this clause in the Constitution, as one of the
Executive Departments of the Government on
the 7th of August 1789, and the "principal
officer" thereof was designated and styled as
Secretary of War; and hence and thereby the
Secretary of War became an "officer of the
United States," and brought within the provis-
ions and limitations of the Constitution in that
clause where only it provides for, and pre-
scribes the mode of, appointment of public
officers.
In the next paragraph of the same section
of the Constitution, relating to the appoint-
ment of public officers, it is provided that—
"He [tho PresidentJ shall have power, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make trea-
ties, provided two thirdsof the Senators present eon-
cur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint, em- ij
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges |l
of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the !i
United State3 whose appointments are not heroin
otherwise provided for, and which shall be estab-
lished by law."
It will be noticed that by the first clause of
this paragraph relating to the making of trea-
ties the language is permissive, and the exer-
cise of the power conferred is optional and
voluntary, not obligatory or mandatory. It is I
entirely within the will and discretion of the <
President to propose for or to negotiate a treaty.
Neither the Senate nor the House of Repre-
sentatives, nor any power or department of.
Government, can require or compel him to un-
dertake, or proceed, with any negotiation for
any acquisition of territory, or for any treaty
for any purpose, with any Power. Nor can he,
for neglecting or refusing to undertake any
negotiation for, or proceeding in regard to, a
treaty, be held to account or justly chargeable
with high crimes and misdemeanors. A wise
restraint is, indeed, laid upon him from con-
cluding or perfecting a treaty without the
advice and consent of two thirds of the Sena-
tors present—and he is thus prevented from
making, of his independent will or according
to his individual judgment, unwise and un-
equal treaties, and from thus imposing upon
the people, in the name of the Government,
needless and burdensome taxation for the pur-
chase of useless or undesirable territory. But,
as before mentioned, neither the Senate, nor
any department of the Government, can com-
pel him against his will or judgment to initiate
or to proceed in the negotiation for a treaty.
In regard, however, to the appointment of
public officers the language of the Constitu-
tion stands in striking contrast. Here we find
not a delegation of discretionary power, but a
positive duty enjoined. The President has
here no choice or discretion of nominating or
withholding the nomination of any of the offi-
cers named. The Constitution designed and
decreed that the Government which it ordained
should be perpetuated in all its departments
and functions, and it left to the President no
power of choice to defeat its grand design.
And here, sir, I cannot forbear to express
my constant wonder and admiration for the
masterly and a-lmost superhuman skill, and
foresight, with which our great'' Magna Charta''
was formed and drawn, in every trial and every
emergency of our eventful history as a nation, it
has answered every want, and met every neces-
sity. In the storm and waste of war-—against
riot and insurrection—against rebellion and in-
vasion—against foreign enemy and domestic
foe—against treachery and treason assailing the
nation's life, and attempting its destruction—
against all dangers and in every crisis, it has
proved our shield, our guide, our guard, and
the sure tower of our defense. Even if deser-
tion and treachery are found intrenched in the
very heart and citadel of the nation, attempt-
ing to corrupt the guards and undermine the
very foundations of the fair fabric of our polit-
ical structure, even then shall we find safety
and deliverance in our Constitution.
With most remarkable skill and foresight,
then, didthe framers of the Constitution employ
the language of compulsion, of command—in
regard to the duty of the President touching
the appointment of those officials named in tho
clause under consideration—and whose exist-
ence and continuance were deemed essential to
the life and welfare of the Republic.
It therefore becomes not only the duty, but
a binding obligation upon the President to
nominate, and when, and as soon as, the Senate
advise and consent—■
"To appoint embassadors, other public ministers
and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all
other officers of the United Scutes, whose appoint-
ments are not herein otherwise provided for and
which shall be established by law.''
Observe, the language is. not that " he shall
have power" to nominate—not that he may
nominate—but he shall nominate. To refuse
or neglect to doit is at his peril. And to what
end or purpose is he so plainly required first to
nominate, and the Senate consenting then to
appoint, but lor the purpose and to the end
that the form of government ordained in the
organic law shall not fail; but. that the powers
of governmentshall be neither consolidated nor
usurped ; but that justice shall be maintained
and administered; bat that judicial and ad-
ministrative officers shall be perpetuated, and
the appropriate duties and functions of their
