1868.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8741
of the highest flavor, but still an article rec- |
ommended generally by physicians. j
Now, what are the facts? In 1801 we only !
imposed a duty on foreign brandy of one dol- j
lar per gallon. As we imposed the internal
taxes upon spirits and brandy made here at |
home we gradually increased it up to the sum j
of three dollars per gallon. I am not to be j
told that 4 am not a friend of encouraging j
home manufactures when the protection that
we give home-made brandy is §2 50 a gallon
after we have subjected it to the tax proposed
by this bill. If we could do without the rev-
enue I should be perfectly willing to reduce the
duties upon foreign brandy one half. It is
only for the purpose of revenue that they ought
to be kept up to the extravagant figure of three
dollars a gallon. But while they are so kept
up, so small is the quantity produced in all the
land that it is a direct bonus of nearly two
dollars a gallon for every gallon that is made
in this country.
i am not willing to go further than that. It
is a sorry pittance, 1 know, that my friends
from California claim. They ask that we shall
not only reduce it from one dollar a gallon to
fifty cents, but that we shall split peas, and
reduce it to twenty-five cents a gallon. If
tlieie is any claim for that in respect to this
aiticle, why should there not be a claim in
respect to peach brandy or apple brandy ?
Either of the articles is worth very much more
than whisky, and they all have to be kept to a
very considerable age before they are suitable
to sell. The idea that brandy has to be kept
from 1800 or 1605 or 1815 to the present mo-
ment before it is lit for use I will say is a very
mistaken idea. I have been informed by some
of tho largest keepers of wine and brandy that
no liquor really improves for more than ten
years, and it must be a liquor of extraordinary
body to do even that. It must be something
like Madeira wine, or brandy, or something of
that character, that will improve after it is
more than three or four years of age.
Mr. CONNESS. What does the Senator
mean by "body?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Alcoholic
strength. Now, Mr. President, 1 have no in-
terest in this matter. We make no brandy or
any liquor of any kind in my State. All I
desire is to be just and even generous on this
subject. I merely desire that the Senate should
understand what the facts are in the ease.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment moved by the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on
Finance report the following proviso to the first
scction of the bill:
Provided, That the tax on brandy made from grapes
shall bo the same and no higher than that upon other
distilled spirits.
It is proposed to amend the proviso so as to
make the tax on brandy made from grapes one
half the tax upon other distilled spirits.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one other fact
in regard to this matter that 1 ought to state to
the Senate. We have r^pioved all restrictions
from the distillation of brandy that are so bur-
densome to the whisky distiller. We put no
tax at all upon wine made in California or
elsewhere, so that the only tax on the produc-
tion of the grape is this fifty cent tax on brandy.
But that is not all. We have relieved them,
as you will see by the next section, from all
the restrictions and requirements as to the dis-
tillation of whisky. They would be very bur-
densome to the small distillers of brandy from
peaches and grapes ; and the next section pro-
vides :
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
hereby authorized, with the approval of the iecre-
tiiry of the Treasury, to exempt distillers of brandy j
from apples, peaches, or grapes, exclusively, from
such of the provisions of this net relating to the
manufacture of spirits as in his judgment may seem
expedient.
This is copied from the existing law. _ The
Commissioner, by general regulations, relieves
them from all the requirements about keeping
books and all special taxes and all stipulations
of that kind, which would be embarrassing to
small distillers of brandy. So that the only
tax that will be left upon the distillation of
brandy from grapes is the fifty cent lax. It
seems to me under these circumstances we
ought to make no discrimination and keep up
no discrimination.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I suggest to the honor-
able .Senator who proposed the amendmentto
add the words " or other domestic fruits "after
the word "grapes."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order now.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely suggest it to the
Senator who moved the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I caunot accept the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Kentucky.
I wish to call the attention of the chairman of
the committee and of Senators to the fact that
brandy manufactured from grapes in the man-
ner suggested is very different from brandy
manufactured from peaches or apples. Brandy
manufactured from peaches and apples includes
the whole product from that fruit, all that can
be made out of it. It is not so with this brandy
manufactured from grapes. First, the wine is
pressed out, and from the residue, the lees,
the substance which otherwise would be thrown
away, the brandy -is manufactured. Each
owner of a vineyard has this substance upon
his hands after he has manufactured or pressed
out his wine, and unless he is encouraged to
make this further use of it by getting the brandy
out of this refuse substance it will be thrown
away, and in that way of course the Govern-
ment will be injured, because this product,
which would pay if the amendment to the
amendment is adopted twenty-five cents on
the gallon, would afford some revenue; whereas
if it is thrown away, as it was formerly, there
will be nothing from it. As it is now, the
small vineyards cannot use it unless they can
take it to some larger owner of a vineyard who
has a distillery, and who will buy it of them,
or perhaps manufacture it for them. It is not
every little vineyard that can afford the machin-
ery and apparatus to get the brandy out of
this refuse substance. Senators, therefore,
must see that it occupies a different ground
from brandy which is manufactured from apples
or peaches.
I will add but one word more. There has
been no fraud perpetrated under this law.
There isnocomplaintfrom any quarter on that
score. This brand}' has paid its tax honestly
and fairly, and will do it, wherever it is im-
posed, or whatever amount may.be imposed.
The fact is that the internal revenue districts
of California have been better administered
than those in other portions of the Union. I
made a statement some time ago which I will
repeat now, that the tax upon spirits in the
first district of California, which comprises San
Francisco and this wine-growing region, was
nearly as great as the entire tax from whisky
in the ten districts of New York, including the
cities of New York and Brooklynv This ought
to be sufficient to convince Senators that there
are no frauds perpetrated there at all events,
and that the tax is well collected in that por-
tion of the Union. 1 hope the same rule that
prevailed under the old law will be allowed to
exist under this, and that the amendment to
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. There are two reasons to my
mind why the tax on brandy made from grapes
ought to be more, or at least equally as much,
as the tax upon brandy made from apples or
otlier fruits, one of which was stated by the
honorable Senator who has just taken his seat.
After the wine is expressed from the grape
there is a refuse from which, as the honor-
able Senator says, the matter of brandy is
extracted. ITe says if the brandy is taxed
this refuse will be thrown away, and therefore
lost. He further made the remark that the
brandy which is made from peaches and apples
is the aggregate value of the raw article. That
is true. The fruit that can first be used in the
manufacture of wine, and from the refuse of
which brandy can also be made, is certainly
capable of sustaining a higher tax than where
the entire fruit is consumed in the manufacture
of brandy. Therefore, the honorable Senator's
reason is against his conclusion, and strongly
supports the conclusion that brandy made from
the grape ought at least to pay as high a tax,
and I think a higher tax, if any discrimination
is made, than brandy made from apples or
peaches.
There is another reason why the tax upon
brandy made from the grape ought to be larger.
It is the most valuable. It commands a higher
price in the market. Brandy made from the
apple I presume, and I think such is the fact,
does not command half the price that brandy
made from the grape does. There are apple
orchards all over the mountain regions of the
United States, and the man who owns an apple
orchard erects a shed and gets a small still and
he manufactures brandy from his own orchard
or from the orchards of his neighbors. This
is a manufacture that is very extensive in the
mountainous portions of the United States. To
be sure, when you getso far south thatitistoo
warm for the apple tree to flourish, there is no
apple bra-.dy manufactured; but in the whole
chain of the Alleganies and the spurs of the
Alleganies there are in the aggregate a very
large amount of apple orchards, and the fruit
is mostly applied to the distillation of apple
brandy. Agreatmanyinhabitantsin themount-
ain regions of the country have no other sources
of revenue than this distillation into brandy,
and from the brandy, the result of their distill-
ation, they derive all the revenue that they
make at all. Others, of course, have smaller
branches of other industries combined with it,
and make profits from other sources besides
the distillation of apples. But the amount of
brandy distilled from apples, which is the ex-
clusive revenue of very many men. in the aggre-
gate amounts to a great deal. I do not think
that the brandy distilled from apples especially,
and also from peaches, ought to be taxed fifty
cents. I thir.k the honorable Senator from
California would add to the strength of his
proposition if he would adopt my suggestion.
If he does not, I shall vote against his amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. I submit to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky that he can offer that
proposition as an amendment after this has
been voted upon.
Mr. DAVIS. I would rather put it in com-
pany with the proposition to tax brandy made
from grapes. 1 think the whole family, as they
are all brandies, might move along harmo-
niously together.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose we can dis-
cuss the amendment of"the Senator from Ken-
tucky when it is offered. At present we have
simply an amendment proposed to make adis-
crmiination similar to that which is in the
existing law. By our present internal tax law,
while the duty on spirits generally is fixed at
two dollars a gallon, that on brandy made from
grapes is fixed at onedollar, beingone half the
former amount. Now, when the general level
of spirit duties is to be brought down from two
dollars to fifty cents, the Senator from Cali-
forria proposes that the duty on grape brandy
shall be brought down from one dollar to
twenty-five cents, being a corresponding de-
crease in the existing duty to that which is
provided for spirits in general. In the first
place this discrimination is not a novelty. It
I1 is not a new and extraordinary thing proposed
[j for the first time by the Senator from Cali-
!■ fornia. He proposes to continue in the new
j, law the principle which is alreadyin existence
in the present law. His amendment is not
ii obnoxious to the charge that it is to overturn
j! any settled principle in our revenue system or
|! to introduce any novelty in our enactments.
Ii Another consideration has occurred to me.
