1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
vote. Under the present system the incentive
to fraud in ballot-box stuffing, illegal voting,
and the importation of voters into the large
and closely-contested States cannot be over-
estimated. If an electoral ticket obtains by
any means, fair or foul, a plurality of one or
more votes, it controls the entire electoral vote
of the State, which may decide the result of a
presidential election, as in the case of the vote
of New York in 1844. This electoral ma-
chinery has, and may again, defeat the popu-
lar will.
In 1824 Maryland gave Adams a larger pop-
ular vote than either Jackson, Crawford, or
Clay. But of the eleven electoral votes to
which the State was then entitled Jackson re-
ceived seven, Adams three, and Crawford one.
The electors in Maryland were elected at that
time by distiicts, wheieas they are now elected
on a general ticket for the State at large, as in
all the States. Two districts in Maryland (the
third and fourth) elected at that election two
electors each, to act as senatorial electors.
In 1824 the electors of President and Vice
President were appointed in the several States
as follows :
In Maine, Massachusetts, Maryland, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Illinois, and Missouri, by
the people in districts. Seven States.
In New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Connec-
ticut, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Virginia,
North Carolina, Mississippi, Alabama, and
Ohio, by the people on general ticket. Ten
States.
In Vermont, New York, Delaware, Georgia,
Indiana, Louisiana, and South Carolina, by
the Legislatures. Seven States.
In a few years all the States except South
Carolina adopted the general ticket system, so
that the vote of the States should not be di-
vided, thus securing to the large States the
power to elect the President, and often by a
mere plurality of the vote of the State.
At the election of which I am speaking
Jackson had ninety-nine electoral votes, Adams
eighty-four, Crawford forty-one, and Clay
thirty-seven.
The Constitution requiring a majority of all
the electoral votes cast to elect a President,
and there being no choice of President by the
electors, the election devolved on the House
of Representatives.
THE STATES WHICH REPRESENT A MINORITY OP THE
PEOPLE IN THE IIOCSE OF REPRESENTATIVES MAY
ELECT THE PRESIDENT.
Here, again, the machinery provided by the
Constitution for the election of a President by
the House of Representatives makes it possible
for a minority of the people residing in small
States to defeat the will of a majority of the
voters in the nation.
At the election in 1824 for electors of Presi-
dent Mr. Adams had a majority of the elec-
toral vote in but seven States. When the elec-
tion took place in the House of Representa-
tives, each State having one vote, which is cast
as a majority of the Representatives in the
House from each State may determine, Mr.
Adams had a majority in each of the Repre-
sentatives from thirteen States. The vote stood
as follows:
Sor Adams 13
For Jackson  7
For Crawtord  4
Mr. Adams, having a majority of all the
votes cast, was declared duly elected Presi-
dent for the ensuing term.
It will be observed that Mr. Adams had not
only fifteen electoral votes less than Jackson
in the Electoral College, but that he had a
majority of the electors chosen in only seven
States, whereas he obtained in the House of
Representatives when elected President the
vote of thirteen States, three of these being
States which gave Jackson a majority of their
electoral vote, namely, Alabama, Louisiana,
and Maryland ; while three of the States which
gave a majority for Clay at the eleciion voted
for Adams in the House, namely, Kentucky,
Missouri, and Ohio. North Carolina gave her
vote in the Electoral College for Jackson, but
in the House of Representatives her vote was
given to Crawford by a vote of ten to three, in
utter disregard of the popular vote of the peo-
ple of the State as expressed at the ballot-box.
I present these facts to show how, under our
present system, the voice of the people has
been and may again be disregarded. Nothing
could demonstrate more forcibly than this
simple statement the necessity for a change in
the manner of electing a President, if the will
of the people as expressed at the ballot-box
is to determine every four years who shall dis-
charge the powers and duties of the office of
President of the United States.
I also desire to call attention to the fact that
the machinery of electors, as provided by our
present Constitution, makes it possible for the
will of the people to be defeated after the ap-
pointment of electors. For instance, if a can-
didate for the Presidency should have in the
Electoral College but two or three majority of
the electoral vote, and four or five electors
chosen by the majority in the different States
should, either corruptly, ignorantly, negli-
gently, or for any cause, fail or refuse to at-
tend at the place and on the day designated by
law for their meeting in each State, to vote for
the person designated on the ticket for Presi-
dent, or should appear and vote for the oppos-
ing candidate, or vote blank, the people who
voted for such electors would be either mis-
represented or unrepresented in the Electoral
College, and the candidate for whom a major-
ity of electors was chosen to vote would be
legally defeated, although fairly elected. This
is not unlikely to happen at any election, unless
each State should provide by law for the con-
tingency of absentees. They could not provide
a remedy for the betrayal of' an elector.
Of the presidential electors appointed for
1792, two in Maryland and one in South Car-
olina failed to appear at the time and place
appointed for the meeting of electors, and did
not vote. For 1808 there was one in Kentucky.
For 1812, one in Ohio. For 1810, three in
Maryland and one in Delaware. For 1820, one
in Pennsylvania, one in Alabama, and one in
Tennessee. For 1824, one in Rhode Island.
For 1832, three in Maryland. For 1864, one
in Nevada. The entire electoral vote for the
State of Wisconsin was legally lost to Fremont
in 1856 by the accident of a snow storm, and
would probably not have been counted if
thereby the result of the election could have
been changed. There may have been others
which I have overlooked.
In 1797 Adams had seventy-one votes and
Jefferson sixty-nine, giving Adams but two
majority. If three of the electors who voted
for Adams had failed to appear at the time
and place designated by law to vote for Presi-
dent, or had refused to vote, or voted blank,
Mr. Jefferson would have been elected. It
will thus be seen that of the numbei of elect-
ors who have been appointed and three or four
times failed to vote for President, in one in-
stance in our history such neglect or refusal to
act would have changed the result of an elec-
tion and defeated the legally expressed will of
the people in the selection of a President.
Bat I need not detain the House longer by
presenting reasons against a system so inde-
fensible.
If the proposition which I have introduced
should be adopted and become a part of the
Constitution, it will abolish all the machinery
of intermediate bodies, which now often con-
trol or defeat the will of the people, whether
it be national conventions, electoral colleges,
or the choice of a President by the House of
Representatives.
THE ELECTION OF X PRESIDENT BY THE HOUSE OK REP-
RESENTATIVES.
We have had two elections in our history of
a President by the House of Representatives,
and I trust the Constitution may soon bo so
changed that we shall never have another.
Each State in such an election has one vote,
and a majority, as I have already said, of the
Representatives in Congress from the States
whose members are present and Toting de-
termine for which of the three persons returned
to the House the vote of the State shall be
cast. At such an election the Representatives
in Congress elected by a minority of the peo-
ple may, and as a rule will, in such a contest
elect the President.
Counting all the States, and we now have
thirty-seven ; of these, under our present sys-
tem ten may elect a President if united. I
will name them:
Voles.
Illinois 1©
Indiana  13
Kentucky 11
Massachusetts 12
Missouri  11
New York 33
Virginia    10
Ohio   21
Pennsylvania      26
Tennessee    10
Ten States 163
Votes.
Alabama  8
Arkansas    5
Oalitornia  5
Connecticut  6
Delaware  3
Floiida  3
Oregon  3
Georgia    9
Kansas  3
Louisiana    7
Maine    7
Maryland  7
Minnesota  4
Mississippi  7
Nevada  3
Nobraska  3
New Hampshire    5
New Jersey  7
Khode Island  4
South Carolina    6
Te.-as  6
Vermont   
West Virginia  5
North Carolina  9
Wisconsin  8
Iowa    8
Michigan  8
Twenty-seven States -l&t
If at any time an election for President
should devolve on the House of Representa-
tives, a majority of the Representatives in
Congress from nineteen of the thirty-seven
States, representing not more than one fourth
of the people and less than one third of the
electoral vote, could by uniting elect the Pres-
ident.
Let me name the States:
Votes.
Delaware    1
Florida  1
Kansas  1
Nebraska    1
Nevada  1
Ore^on  1
Minnesota  f
Rhode Island  £
Arkans.iy  3
California      3
New Hampshire    3
Vermont  3
West Virginia  3
Connecticut  4
South Carolina      4
Texas  4
Maryland  5
New Jersey    5
Mississippi  ^
Nineteen States 52
Thirty-eight of the fifty-two members from
the States just named can control the vote of
said States and elect the President.
It will be observed that in the table from
which 1 have just read, we have six States,
with but one vote each, while seven others
have but nineteen votes, and the six remaining
but twenty-seven. In all fifty-two votes. These
nineteen States have two Senators each, making
in all thirty-eight Senators, which, added to the
fifty-two Representatives in the House, makes
ninety votes, and that number of electoral votes.
In a few years, at most, six new States will
be organized out of our present .territories
and admitted into the Union. When admitted,
they will be entitled under our present system
to cast three electoral votes each for President,
making eighteen votes, and in case the election
of a President devolves on the House of Rep-
resentatives, they will each have all the polit-
