1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and devotion to the Union and stated what
the gentleman has done? I think not.
I read now from the Scriptures:
"10. Two men went up into the temple to pray; the
one aPharisee, and the other a publican.
"11. The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with
himself: God, I thank thee that I am not as other
men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as
this publican:
" 12. I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all
that I possess.
_ " 13. And the publican, standing afar off, would not
lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote
upon his breast, saying, God bo mercilul to me a
sinner. ,
"14. I tell you, this man went down to his house
justified rather than the other: for every one that
exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that huin-
bleth himself shall be exalted.''
I make no application of this to the gentle-
man: but 1 submit, Mr. Speaker, it would be
well for my friend from Pennsylvania not to
arrogate to himself too much virtue to stand
up against every pressure. I say that he reads
this testimony in a different light from every
other man, in a different light from the eleven
thousand patriotic Union men who cast their
votes for this man, and in a different light from
that in which liis fellows then and his fellows
now have ever viewed him.
Mr. MILLER. I ask whether the modifi-
cation would not apply to every southern man
who is now excluded from a seat upon this
floor?
Mr. DAWES. If my friend from Pennsyl-
vania feels sure that this has no application to
him and he is neither a Pharisee nor a pub-
lican, very well.
Now, sir, the proposition before the House
is to recommit this measure to the Committee
of Elections, with instructions to report these
two bills, and it meets with the approval of
the committee. The committee considered
the necessity and importance of reporting a
bill, after this resolution should be adopted,
that would relieve this man Butler from these
disabilities; but they had no authority further
than to report on the qualifications of this gen-
tleman, and they have reported the resolution
under consideration. If this be adopted the
committee will then be authorized to report
back a general bill. I do not understand that
the gentleman from Indiana is tenacious of his
amendment. I ask him to withdraw it so we
may eoine to a direct vote on the instructions
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. KERR. I withdraw it.
By unanimous consent the amendment of
Mr. Cook was considered as pending.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HARDING. Is it in order to move
the subject be referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction?
The SPEAKER. Not during the pendency
of the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question recurred on Mr. Paine's
amendment, as follows:
Insert the following as a preamble:
Whereas Pv. K. Butler, Bepresentative-elect from
the first congressional district of Tennessee, per-
formed honorable service in the Army of the United
States from September, 1863, till May, 1864: There-
fore.
Mr. COOK. I accept that amendment as a
modification.
The motion to recommit with instructions
to report a general bill was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now report back from the
Committee of Elections the bill as amended
by order of the House, and I move that it be
printed and postponed till to-morrow imme-
diately after the morning hour.
increased duty on copper.
Mr. DRIGGfS. I am aware that it is the
usual practice of the House to present peti-
tions by filing them with the Clerk, but I have
one of so extraordinary a character that I ask
leave to present it in open House. I have
already presented one of a similar character
from the Lake Superior region, praying for an
increased duty on copper. This is signed by
three thousand names. I ask its reference to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
ENROCX&U mix SIGNED
. Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the Committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill of the following title ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. Ii. No. 274) providing for hold-
ing a circuit court at the city of Erie, Penn-
sylvania.
message FROM the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed a bill and joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles, in which he was requested to ask the
concurrenceof'the House:
A bill (S. No. 416) for the relief of John S.
Cunningham, paymaster of the United States
Navy;
A joint resolution (S. No. 118) for the ap-
pointment of a commission to select suitable
locations for powder magazines ; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 117) to authorize
the erection of military store-houses at Fort
Monroe, Virginia.
leave op absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Clarke, of Ohio,
on account of serious illness of a friend.
public lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise to a privileged motion.
I call up a motion made by me on the 14th of
January last to reconsider the vote by which
House bill No. 370, to prevent the further sale
of the public lands of the United States, except
as provided for in the preemption and home-
stead laws and the laws for disposing of town
sites and mineral lands, was postponed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of the Sis-
ters of St. Mary's Institute, asking the refund-
ing of duties paid under protest on a bell dona-
ted to them and imported from France in 1807.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: Aflidavits
and other papers relating to claim of Charles
Butterfield, a Chippewa half-breed Indian.
By Mr. DIllGrGrS: The petition of 3,000 citi-
zens of Lake Superior, Michigan, praying Con
gress to save the national interest of copper
from destruction by foreign competition by the
imposition of a suitable duty on foreign copper.
Also, the petition of L. C. Petre and 100
others, in favor of same.
Also, the petition of Steven Davey and 100
others, in favor of same.
Also, the petition of Peter White and SO
others, citizens of Michigan and Wisconsin, in
favor of Government aid to improve Menom-
onee river.
Also, the petition of the officers of the State
of Iowa, asking relief for John Otterson, and
asking its reference.
Also, the petition of officers of Iowa regi-
ments, asking that decision of Court, of Claims
on pay of officers' servants be'sustained.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : The petition of 100
cigar-makers and dealers of Cincinnati, pro-
testing against the passage of any law requir-
ing each cigar to be stamped.
Also, a memorial of Joseph H. Williams,
of Cincinnati, praying for a moiety in goods
sold by the Government.
Also, the petition of 40 volunteer Army offi-
cers, praying for compensation for their ser-
vants.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Augustus
Gideons and 150 others, praying for aid to
remove to Liberia.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Hannah
E. Haines, asking for the pension of the widow"
of a private soldier;
By Mr. KITCHEN: The petition of James
Supple, company K, eighth United States in-
fantry, to have his name placed upon the pen*
sion-Tolls, with accompanying papers.
By Mr, LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of citizens of Lawrence county,
for reduction of taxes on manufactures and an
economical administration of the Government.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Mrs. Jo-
anna L. Shaw, for pension.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of journey-
men cigarmakers and manufacturers of cigars
in the third district of Pennsylvania, favoring
the present tax of five dollars per thousand on
cigars and against the proposed system of a
separate stamp on each cigar.
By Mr. TWfCITELL: A memorial of man-
ufacturers of East Hampton, Massachusetts,
for revision of internal revenue laws and reor-
ganization of revenue department, with redue-
duction of expenditures and reduction of taxes.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of Mississippi: Papers
in the cases of John R. Ray and William O.
Dodge.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: The petition of O.
B. and O. S. Latham, for relief.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 6, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's legislative pro-
ceedings was read and approved.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(II. R. No. '226) appointing managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers, and for
other purposes, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Spea'i ;r
had signed the enrolled bill (S. No. 237) in
relation to the promulgation of the laws of the
United States, and the enrolled bill (H. R. No.
274) providing for holding a circuit court at
the city of Erie, Pennsylvania ; and they were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore.
executive communication's.
ThePRESIDENTprotemporelaid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 13th of January,
a report from the Secretary of State on the
subject of a claim under the act of Congress
of the 18th of August, 1856, by citizens of the
United States to the guano on Alta Vela, an
island in the vicinity of St. Domingo; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 17th of February,
information in relation to the alleged inter-
ference of our consul at Rome in the late dif-
ficulties in Italy; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the President of the United States,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the
21st of February last, in relation to the abduc-
tion of one Allan Macdonald from Canada;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also laid before the Senate a letter frc m
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
papers relative to a treaty with the Kansas In-
dians now pending before the Senate; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented'
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
