1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
40xfl Cons. ... 2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
several offices be continuously and. independ-
ently discharged; and to the end that all the
powers and departments of the Government
shall move on, working harmoniously together
for the promotion of the peace and prosperity
of all the people, and the safety and glory of
the Republic ?
And how, except by asserting, and if need
be enforcing, this duty and obligation of the
Executive, can these high ends and purposes
be secured? Indeed, the obligation of the
President to nominate, and upon the assent of
the Senate to appoint, is, therefore, in our
view, essential to the preservation of oar form
of Government. And the admission of the
right, or the concession of the power to the
Executive to appoint such officers as are named
in the clause under consideration, in the enu-
meration of which, we believe, all heads of
Executive Departments are clearly included as
being not only •' officers of the United States,"
but necessarily such as being " principal offi-
cers" of such Departments, and essential to
the administration of the Government, are
utterly inadmissible, as being in violation of
the express requirement of the Constitution,
contrary to the genius of our institutions, and
dangerous to if not subversive of the Govern-
ment itself.
In the concluding clause of the paragraph
referred to, it is declared that—
"Congress may by law vest the appointment of such
inferior otiieers as they think proper in the Presi-
dent alone, in Lhe courts of law, or ill the heads of
Departments."
But we have already seen that the Depart-
ment of War is, under the authority of the Con-
stitution and by virtue of law, an executive
Department with a " principal officer" styled
and known as Secretary of War, and conse-
quently an "'officer of the United States," the
mode of whose appointment is clearly and
definitely prescribed. Congress has, there-
fore, no constitutional power to declare the
Secretary of War—being the " principal offi-
cer'' of an executive Department—to be an
"inferior officer," and then by law vest his
appointment "as they think proper" in the
President alone, in the "courts of law, or in
the heads of Departments.'' Indeed the absurd-
ity and danger of the position are apparent
when it is considered that if the executive de-
partment can by legislation be made an infe-
rior department, and a Secretary of an execu-
tive Department be made an '' inferior ollicer,"
Congress might by law vest the appointment
of the Secretary of War or any other head of
Department in the head of such Department
himself, thus empowering a Secretary to per-
petuate himself in office, or to appoint his suc-
cessor at his own pleasure or option, and thus
enable him to take his Department and admin-
ister its affairs outside and independent of the
knowledge or control either of the President
or the Senate. Such a doctrine is alike dan-
gerous and absurd.
The concluding paragraph of the same sec-
tion provides that—
"The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the rece.-«ot the Sen-
ate, by granting commissions which shall expire at
fcho end of their next session."
This clause confers upon the President a
wise, but limited power of temporary appoint-
ment, to meet and supply the exigencies and
requirements of the public service during the
recess of the Senate. And here it seems wor-
thy of special note, that only in this clause can
there be found any grant of power to the Ex-
ecutive in relation to appointments or grant-
ing of commissions. But he cannot under
this grant of power, make or force a removal,
either while the Senate are in session or dur-
ing their iccess, nor can he of himself nor at
his own option create a vacancy for the pur-
gose of exercising the power to "till it up."
^e can, constitutionally and safely, only use
the grant for the purposes and under the eon-
40th Cong. '2d Sess.—No. 13.
ditions proscribed and limited. It is his duty
also as bound to "take care that the laws be
faithfully executed" to exercise the power
here conferred with a sound discretion, and
with an honest purpose and sincere desire to
serve the public interest, and promote the
public welfare, otherwise he perverts his power
and abuses his high trust.
In the limited time allowed for the consider-
ation of so important a question as is now
before us it is impossible to do more than to
make brief allusion and reference to those pro-
visions and limitations of the Const itution which
bear directly upon it, and to indicate, rather
than to present, the conclusions therefrom. In
now bringing the official acts of the President,
as reported by the committee and upon which
the impeaching resolution is based, to the test
of the Constitution, that touchstone by which
laws are to be proved and official misdemeanor
tried, 1 am for myself forced to the conclusion,
that there is no warrant or ground there to be
found upon winch the President can rest or
defend Ins recent acts of removing Mr. Stan-
ton lrom the office of Secretary of War and of
appointing Adjutant General Thomas to that
office ad interim. And inasmuch as lhe Con-
stitution neither provides for, nor allows to,
the President any power of removal of such
officers of the United States as are therein
uamed and described; and inasmuch, further,
as the Constitution seems to conter no power
upon Congress to vest by law the power either
of appointment or removal of such an officer
of the United States as the Secretary or head
of an Executive Depai Linen tin '' the President
alone and inasmuch, lastly, as the President
lias, in the official acts referred to, assumed and
usurped to himself and attempted to exercise
the right of removal of an ''officer of the Uni-
ted States," and the appointment of another
person to the position and duties of such officer
so attempted to be removed, while the Senate
were in session, I am led to the further eon-
elusion that, such acts were known, willfui, and
flagrant violations of the Constitution; that
they are usurpations of executive power dan-
gerous to (he liberties of the people, and hostile
to the peace and safety of the ilopublic; and
therefore that they were high crimes and mis-
demeanors within the meaning and intent of
the Constitution.
But, sir, we are not restricted, nor, perhaps,
allowed to restrict ourselves, to constitutional -
tests alone, cleat and conclusive as they may j
be, in judging of the recent extiaordinary acts ]
of the President. We, at the ilepresentathes |
of the people, art; bound to see to it that the j
laws which aie made in their name to piotect j
their lights and secure their liberties aie not, ,
with impunity, disregarded and trampled under j
foot by him who is solemnly bound "to take \
care that the laws be faithful^' executed." |
On the l'-lth of February, 1S07, the House
passed a bill entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices." The Senate
having passed it on the previous day, it was
sent from the House to the President for his
signature, lie refused to sign it, and inter- I
posed his constitutional power of objection,
stating at length his reasons for vetoing the
bill, and thus exhausted all his rightful power ;
to prevent its becoming a law. The bill was
reconsidered and passed by the requisite two-
thirds vote in eaeli House on the '2d day of
March, and thus became a law, notwithstanding 1
the objections of the President. By the first sec-
tion of the law it is provided that certain offi- !
cers, and among them the Secretary of War,
shall not be removed except by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. Obedience
to law lies at the very foundation of free gov-
ernment, for without law there can be no hb- |
erty, and is incumbent upon all, the high
equally with the low. The Chief Executive
of a free people, chosen and set for the faithful
observance and execution of all the laws, is i
especially bound to give all the force and
authority of his high position and example to
their maintenance and enforcement.
But what do we find the President's course
to ha\ e been relative fco the law under consid-
eration. He first admits its binding foroe upon
him by suspending, under the provisions of the
second section of the act, the Secretary of War
and assigning to the duties of the office the
General of the Army as Secretary ad interim.
He again recognizes its authority and validity
in complying with its provisions by reporting
to the Senate, within the time prescribed, such
suspension with the evidence and reasons for
his action. I he Senate did not concur with
the President In his order of suspension, and
thereupon General Grant, in obedience to the
law, retires from the position,-and Mr. Stanton
immediately and rightfully resumes the office
ot Secretary of War. The,1 President tb.cn pro-
ceeds, in contempt of the lawful action of the
Senate, deliberately and defiantly to violate the
same law which he had but a short time before
assented to and complied with. Foiled in his
purpose of getting Sir. Stanton out of the War
Department by suspending him and making
an ad interim appointment; exasperated with
General Grant 1'or his manly and prompt sub-
mission to law and the expressed will of the
Senate, obstinately determined to obtain con-
trol of the WarDepartment for the accomplish-
ment of unworthy, if not illegal and revolution-
ary purposes, he next issues an official order
under date of February 21st instant, addressed
to Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, removing him
" from office as Secretary for the Department
of War," and next an order of same date di-
iccted to Adjutant General Thomas requiring
lnm to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and
" to immediately enter upon the discharge of
the duties pertaining to that office."
In contempt of the order of the Senate an-
nulling the suspension of Mr. Stanton, regard-
less of his obligation to faithfully execute the
law, determined in fomenting strife and dis-
sension, usurping power, and violating both
the letter and spirit of the Constitution, the
President now forces upon this body a ques-
tion and an issue which we can neither ignore
nor defer. With a strange perversity and an
unjielding obstinacy he hastens to the accom-
plishment of his own purposes and ends, re-
gardless of, and opposed to lhe welfare and
peace ol the nation. Shall he longer go on
unchecked and unchallenged ?
Sir, resistance to law, violation of constitu-
tional obligations, usurpation of power, and
i enunciation of rightful authority,inaugurated
the recent unpaiallcled lebeiiion, and made
necessary the costly sail-nice which a loyal
people freely made for the honor, the unity,
and the integrity of the Government. That
sacrifice must not be in vain; the fruits of vic-
tory, so dearly won, must neither be surren-
deied nor lost.
A faithless Executive must not violate the
Constitution and nullify the laws, nor seek
unlawful power by obstructing the execution of
laws and attempting the corruptionof high offi-
cial^ with impunity; and, forced as I am,
sorrowlully, to tho conclusion that there can
be neither peace, nor security, nor unity, nor
prospeiity to the country while the President
pursues his willful and mad career of usurping
power, defying law, and inciting and encourag-
ing insubordination, 1 can recognize no alter-
native but to pass the resolution reported by
the committee—
"That Andrew Johnson, President of tho United
States, be impeached of high crimes and misde-
meanors.''
and to present him before the high tribana;
provided by the Constitution, for trial.
Liberty and justice, law and order, present
peace and futuie security, the welfare of hie
nation, and the safety arid glory of the Repub-
lic, all and alike require it.
