1867.
THS CONGRESSIONAL &LOB8.
m
which Is paid for publishing the laws of the United '
States in the newspapers appointed for that purpose ,
shu'O the 4tli of March, 1861.
Mrt EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
resolution by adding the following:
And that he bo further directed to inform the Sen-
ate the amount of counsel foes paid by bis l>opart-
uient or its order, oruniler its authority, since March
4. IStil. the names of the persons to whom such tees
have been paid, and the service rendered thereior;
also,whethersaid Department lnus paid for reporting
any trials, the sums so paid, and to whom, and the
expenseof priuting any such reports, and under what
authority and out of what fund such reports were
paid for and printed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that he change the word
" requested'' in the first part of the resolution
to "directed." As the resolution is ad-J:
dressed to a Department it should properly be i'
'•directed."
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I do not think that is
necessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would make it con-
formable to the latter part.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Very well, I so modify it.
The resolution as amended was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed. 1
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that thaaSpeaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. K. No. 101) to incorporate
the congregation of the First Presbyterian
church of Washington ; and it was signed by
the President pro tempore.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Attorney
General transmitting, in response to the reso- ;
lution of the 16th instant, a statement of the 1
amounts paid from the years ending June 30, |
1865, I860, and 1807, respectively, for special
counsel employed to assist the Attorney Gen- j
eral and the. district attorneys; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary and
ordered to be printed.
tobt ridgely reservation.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
inform the Senate whether it is the purpose of the
Government to abandon the military reservation of
Fort ftidgely, Minnesota; and if so, whether, in bis
opinion, the same may be opened to settlement under
the homestead and preemption laws.
the public debt.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hold in my hand
certain papers which have been furnished me
at my request by the Secretary of the Treasury.
They contain a statement of the monthly move-
ment of the public debt from July 1, 1865, to
December 1, 1867, and a statement also of the
annual movement of the public debt from July
1, 1861, to July 1,1867. These are tables that
will be very important in considering the finan-
cial questions; and without presenting any
resolution on the subject, as I called on the
Secretary and obtained the papers, I ask that
they be received and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
order will be made if there be no objection.
dismal swamp canal.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. RJSo. 130) in relation to the sale
of stock in theDismal Swamp Canal Company,
have instructed me" to report it back, and rec-
ommend its passage, and I ask the unanimous
con sent of tha Senate to haveit considered now.
It simply postpones the sale of the stock of the
United States until the 8th of February next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what object there can be in passing the joint
resolution. It is known that the other House
has adjourned and it cannot be signed.
Mr. CHANDLER. We are about to take
a recess, not to adjourn finally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Bills must be signed by
the Presiding Officers in the presence of their
respective Houses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to the consideration of the joint
resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; but I see no
object in passing it now.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will do no harm.
The joint resolution was considered as in |
Committee of the Whole, reported to the Sen- ;1
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third ;
time, and passed. j
executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business. |
The motion was agreed to; and after some
' time spent in executive session the doors were
| reopened and the Senate adjourned, the ad-
journment being, under the concurrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses, to Monday, January
6, 1868. ;
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
\ Friday, December 20, 1867.
! The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
I The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed bill of the House No. 813,
making partial appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service ;
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1868, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment hill of the House No. 161, to • incor-
porate the congregation of the First Presbyte-
rian church in Washington.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
deficiency bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up
the deficiency bill, which has just been returned
from the Senate, for the purpose of concurring
in the amendments made by the Senate. I
will state to the House that the bill ought to
be passed, if possible, before the recess. The
parties interested in the appropriations con-
tained in it are laboring men, who have been
for two or three months without any pay, and
many of them are really ip a suffering condi-
tion. Many wounded soldiers ahout the Capi-
tol and other places are suffering for want of
pay, which is included in this deficiency bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I am afraid that would con-
sume too much time, and I desire to call up a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman will permit this matter of public
business to be disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that there maybe some other unim-
portant business which can be disposed of, and
then there will probably be no objection to
taking up the bill.
american citizens abroad.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] to allow me to offer a
resolution in regard to American citizens who
are in prison abroad for the purpose of refer-
ence.
Mr. JULIAN. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following preamble and resolution;
which were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs:
Whereas the obligation on the part of the subject
to obey the laws, support the Government, and bear
true faith and allegiance thereto presupposes an
obligation on the part of the Government to protect
and defend the subject, whether native or adopted,
whether at home or abroad, in all his rights of life,
liberty, and property; and whereas numerous cases
have recently occurred where the Government of
Great Britain has, with apparent injustioe, deprived
our citizens of one or all of these; and whereas one
of the many American citizens now confined in Brit-
ish prisons sends to us across the Atlantic his prayer
for relief and assistance in the following language:
I "I am a citizen of the United States, born in the
• State of New York, in which State I have always
i resided.
S "At the outbreak of the late war, in April, 1SG1, I
entered the Union Army as a private, aud advanced
1 to the command of a regimont, and was honorably
discharged from the service.
" Affairs of a private nature brought me to Ireland.
Immediately aitermy landing, on the 1st day of June,
1867,1 was arrested about mid-day, on a public and
frequented highway, by a constable and two police-
men, not having done any wrong or committed any
erimo, and was confined in the Bridewell atYoug-
liall county of Cork, for three days. When arrested
I demanded the authority and causo and protested
against the wrong done me. From Youghal I was
i conveyed to Cork, handcuffed and guarded, and
! placed in the county prison, without any cause peing
I assigned for my arrest, until the 11th June, when I
; was committed on suspicion of being connected with
I tho so-called Fenian conspiracy, under a warrant
issued by the lord lieutenant of Ireland. On the
12th June I was taken to Waterford, handcuffed
and guarded, and marched through the streets of that
' city, tilled with an excited multitude of people, to the
imminent risk of my life. The following day,in com-
I pany with a large number of prisoners, I was brought,
'! handcuffod and guarded, to Dublin, and placed in
Kilmaiuham jail, where I have since remained in
close and solitary confinement.
"Immediately after my arrest, through my attor-
] ney, I demanded my liberty, orthatgoodcause should
be shown for my arrest and imprisonment, and that
I should bo brought to trial on any charge preferred
against mc. My application was denied. The Gov-
i eminent of the United States, through its minister
[ at London, made two applications for my release or
I immediate trial, (one in July, the other in August,)
! but, so for as I am informed, no satisfactory answer
was given to either.
" After four months of close and solitary confine-
ment, subject to the same rigorous rules, humilia-
tions, and privations inflicted upon thieves and
vagabonds, without any charge or evidence of crime
being found against mo; after repeated and persist-
ent demands for liberty and justice, I was brought
before a magistrate on the 10th of October, and com-
mitted for trial, on the evidence of an informer
named Daniel J. Buckley, who, in his sworn state-
ment, acknowledges himself a perjurer. On the 25th
of October a bill of indictment for treason-felony
was found against mc, and my trial set down for the
commission of oyer and terminer, then in session.
In the first week of the commission I requested,
through my counsel, that my case might be heard
without delay. The attorney general, in reply, said
I should be brought to trial immediately after the
prisoner (Warren) then in the dock. After a session
of three weeks the court adjourned, on the 16th No-
vember, refusing the motion of my counscl asking
for my immediate trial, or that I should be released
on bail, putting off my case to the Sligo county
assizes, in March next, on tho plea that, being an
alien, I could not be tried in the county of Dublin
for acts alleged against me. The Crown officers and
Government authorities were fully acquainted with
the fact of my being an American citizen before
they commenccd these proceedings; they had .ample
time, and made every effort, using the most iniqui-
tous means, to procure evidence and make up acase
tygainst me.
"I have already suffered six months' imprisonment,
deprived of all social intercourse, subject to the an-
noyance and espionage of officials, refused all means
of mental enjoyment, books, pen, ink, or paper, ex-
cept under the surveillanceof the prison authorities,
my health seriously impaired, (as reported by the
attending physician,)and, morethan aJl, myrights as
an American citizen outraged. After preparing for
my trial, and the United States minister having fur-
nished me with attorney and counsel for my defense;
after bringing to trial two other American citizens
denying their rights, however, as such, and convict-
ingand passing sentence on them as British subjects)
upon the very same evidence whichis brought against
me, X am refused the advantage of even this tardy
appearance of justice; and because my character as
an American citizen is recognized I am to suffer ten
months or more of this horrible confinement within
a British dungeon before I am allowed the privilege
of defending myself against the made-up, purchased
testimony of perjurors and informers. Since my ar-
rest two commissions have been held in this city,
and the assizes held in every county in Ireland; yet
X am refused a trial. In themeantime,men suffering
in this jail all tho hardships and privations of their
position are, being constantly insulted and annoyed
by the efforts of officials, who seek by offers of lib-
erty, money, and position, or by threats of conviction
and long and severe imprisonment, to induce them
to swear away the lives of their fellow-men.. This is
no exaggeration, but a statement of facts which have
become notorious.
"According to the rule of law announced by the
lord chief baron in bis charge to the grand jury
which indicted me, I am to beheld responsible to the
British Government for my words and acts within
the United States; and on the unsupported evidence
of the perjured and degraded wretch, Corydon, I am
to be treated as an accomplice in the acts of the 5th
of March, committed l>y parties to me unknown, and
at a time when I was in New York.
"No overt act has been or can be brought against me:
I challenge proof of any crime or infringement of
