3742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
We impose no tax upon wine produced in this
country from grapes. Our native wines are
as yet exempt from the direct pressure of our
financial burdens. Our financiers have not
proposed to us to resort to that object for rais-
ing means to meet the burdens of the Govern-
ment. Domestic wines are exempt, while you
impose very heavy duties, such as the public
necessities demand, upon all wines imported
from abroad. Now, sir, this production of
grape brandy is connected with the production
of domestic wines. It is apart of the general
production from vineyards, and it seems to me
that if there is any good reason for exempting
our domestic wines from taxation, necessarily
there must be good reason for treating the pro-
duction of brandy from grapes at least with
indulgence.
Mr. President, no sooner does anew interest
spring up in the country, no sooner does it
commence to exhibit itself, and to show thatit
hus merit and promise, than gentlemen who
have charge of our revenue system begin to
consider it as an interesting object of taxation.
The Committee on Finance, casting their eyes
abroad over the productions of the country,
have discovered this new production, and it
seems not only to have attracted their atten-
tion, but also to have inspired their ingenuity—
if 1 may so express myself—in argument,, in
order to bring it under this proposed fifty-cent
tax. They say that the duty is, in fact, under
the proposed bill less than under the existing
law. That is very true. The present duty is
one dollar. They propose to make itlifty cents;
and they tell us that this is a boon to the vine-
yard men, and to the manufacturers of wine
and brandy from grapes. It is very true that
the duty is reduced in amount one half, but
this question of duties upon spirits is a relative
or,e. iou ate to consider all your duties
together. 1 ou are to consider how one article
can command a market in competition with
ether articles ; how one form of alcoholic spir-
its can get into the market, and can command
(he market in competition with other forms of
production.
Now, then, you observe that the case as to
the production of brandy from grapes is entirely
changed. When you lower the general spirit
duties from two dollars to fifty cents you have
a new field, you have a new question ; and to
apply the reasoning which we have heard here,
that you are favoring this particular interest
because you reduce its burden one half, seems
to me absurd or inconsequential, in view of the
fact that you reduce other spirit duties four
times. It is a relative question, and you are
to take into view all the facts which pertain
to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania permit me to suggest
to him that the only article that comes in com-
petition with this grape brandy is an imported
article, the duties upon which remain at three
doilars a gallon.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not understand it
so. I understand that there is a competition in
the markets of the country and in the con-
sumption of the country between different
domestic spirits, a thing I considered so mani-
fest that no gentleman would question it.
One other remark and I will leave this a mend-
ment to it.s fortunes. During several years past
J have been much interested in reading accounts
from California, in agricultural papers of the
eastern States, of the cultivation of vineyards
and genet ally of the development, new and
astonishing, of agricultural interests in that
Slate. I shall not, however, recito reminis-
cences of my reading. I will sum up what I
have to say in a few words. I have obtained
the impression that California affords one of
the most eligible locations for vineyards in the
world, and that by treating the vineyard interest
in that State indulgently by our legislation in
Congress we can greatly promote its develop-
ment and success, and may secure a very valu-
able production not only for domestic consump-
tion but also to enter into the general com-
merce of the world. Vines are now being
planted there by the million. Of course those
vineyards are new; they are not yet fully grown;
they are not yet felt in the commerce of the
country; they do not yield very large and aston-
ishing results in our returns of taxation ; but
I am entirely convinced that if we permit those
interests connected with vineyard cultivation
in California to have free course, to grow up,
we will reap in our revenue, directly and indi-
rectly, hereafter, very great advantage, and
we will get a valuable article for exportation
abroad.
Sir, instead of looking with disfavor upon the
growth of vineyards in California, or seeking to
tax them or their productions severely, I would
regard them kindly and bear very lightly upon
them. I would enable them, if 1 could, to
spring up and to grow into a great national in-
terest. I agree entirely, so far as my informa-
tion enables me to form an opinion, with the
arguments which have been made by the Sen-
ators from California on this subject, and I
shall, with great cheerfulness, vole for the
amendment which they propose.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make one remark
in this connection. From the reports that I
have got from California and from Senators
from the Pacific coast, it is very evident that
that country is well qualified for the produc-
tion of grapes, and of course for the manufac-
ture of wine an(i brandy. The mere tax of
fifty cents a gallon on the production of brandy
amounts to nothing, as they are already pro-
tected by a duty of three dollars a gallon on
the imported article. Here is a bounty of two
dollars and fifty cents a gallon upon the pro-
duction of brandy made from grapes in the
State of California. Besides, this tax really
amounts to nothing. Last year I understand it
was only $11,000 m California.
Mr. SHERMAN. Sixty-seven thousand
dollars in California.
Mr. STEWA1U\ And $11,000 in Ohio.
Mr. FOWLER. It does not amount to
much, at any rate. If it were necessary to
protect this production to any greater extent
than it is already protected, we had better
remit the entire tax. That would be little
more than reducing it to twenty-five cents. 1
do not know how much it would be necessary
to pay in order to protect this reduction if
.$2 50 a gallon is not sufficient. To what ex-
tent can we go? The argument of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania would show that we
ought to encourage this branch of industry. If
this is not a sufficient encouragement, pray
how many more dollars would be required in
addition V Remember that it has been stated
that the foreign article is the only article that
enters into competition with brandy made
from grapes in this country. If whisky or
spirits competed with it, of course the whole
thing should be taken into consideration ; but
this is a specific article and it has a protection
larger than almost any other in this country.
Again, it is the only possible duty which you
can get from the article. If you do not get
this tax, you will get none at all. If it be true,
as has been stated, and I have no doubt it is,
that this brandy is made from the refuse after
the manufacture of wine, I see no reason why
it should not pay a tax of fifty cents a gallon,
whereas in _ apple and peach brandy the whole
fruit is entiiely lost as soon as the brandy is
made from it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, [Air. Cole.]
Mr. CON NESS. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNES8. I desire to say one word ,,
before the vote is taken, and that is to the Sen-
ator from Tennessee. In California, where this
interest is known and understood. I want to ii
acquaint him with what the practice is touch- '
ing the relative tax imposed upon different i
classes of property in our local State legisla- j
tion. It is well known, and I need not'state '
it here, that California in the production of the !
cereals is equal if not superior, according to i
its area, to any otlier State in the Union, and
the agricultural or grain-growing interest ill
that State may predominate in the legislation
of the State when it pleases ; but it sustains a
statute in that State exempting vineyards until
they are five years old from all taxation what-
ever, so universal is the opinion of the neces-
sity, to use a common phrase, of "letting up"
on this interest iu which so much k invested
and which takes such a length of time to ma-
ture. If the opinion of that State does that,
certainly the relative taxation imposed of last
year may be kept up here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Colo, Con-
ncss, Hendricks, Howard, McCreery, Morion, Stew-
art, Sumner, and Williams—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell. Conkling, Cra-
gin, Davis, Edmunds, Fessendon, Fowler, i'reling-
huyseu, llarlan, Howe, Johnson, McDonald, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomcroy, Boss, Sherman, Tipton, Van
Winkle, Welch, and Yates—24.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Corbett,
Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry. Grimes, Henderson,
Morrill of Maine. Norton, Nye, Patteison of Ten-
nessee, Ramsey, llice, Saulsbury, Sprague, Thayer,
Trumbull, Viekers, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill, as follows;
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That proof-spirit
shall be held and taken to be that alcoholic liquor
which contains one half of its volumoof alcohol of
a specific gravity of seven thousand nine hundred
and thirty-nine teu thousandths at sixty degrees
Fahrenheit; and the Commissioner of Internal itev-
enue, for the prevention and detection of frauds by
distillers of spirits, is hereby authorized to adopt,
procure, and prescribe for use, at the expense ot tho
United States, such hydrometers, saccharometcrs,
weighing and gauging instruments, meters, or other
means for ascertaining the quantity, gravity, and
producing cauacily of any mash, wort, or beer used
or to bo used in tho production of distilled spirits,
and tho strength and quantity of spirits subject to
tax, as he may deem necessary; and ho may pro-
scribe rules and regulations to secure a uniform and
correct system ot inspection, weighing, marking, and
gauging of spn its. And in all saies ot spirits here-
after made a gallon snail be taken to be ajtallou of
proof-spirit, according to the forejomg standaid sot
forth and declared tor the inspection and gauging of
spirits throughout the United States.
The committee reported two amendments to
this section. The first was, in line eight, to
strike out the word ''procure,1' and after the
word "use," in the same line, to strike out
the words "at the expense of the United
States."
'The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the section the following:
And tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
hereby autho.ized, with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to exempt distillers of brandy
from apples, peaches, or grapes, exclusively, from
such of the provisions of this act relating to the
manufacture of spirits as, m his judgment, may seem
expedient.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the phraseology
of this amendment is rather peculiar, and may
lead to misunderstanding. 1 should like the
chairman of the committee to explain it. It
seems to me it gives the Secretary ot the Treas-
ury a discretionary authority even to remit
entirely the tax upon these articles.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
from Michigan it is copied from the old law,
and is intended simply for this purpose. This
bill provides for a great number of reports and
a great amountof stringent legislation to guard
against frauds in the distillation of grain. These
are not applicable to the little distilleries wh^re
fruit is distilled into brandy.. This provision
is the same as that contained iu the old law.
It always has been a part, of tin* law. It simply
authorizes the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, by general regulation, with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, to relieve
distillers of brandy from apples, peaches, or
grapes, from such of the provisions of this act
relating to the manufacture of spirits, that is
the mode and manner of making the accounts
&c., as in his judgment may seem expedient.
