16&4
THE OOKGEESSIONLA GLOBE.
March 6,
Georgia, asking aid for the air-line railroad
from Atlanta, Georgia, to Charlotte, North
Carolina; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
He also presented two memorials of jour-
neymen cigar-makers and manufacturers of
cigars, remonstrating against the passage of
the bill which provides that a stamp be affixed
to each cigar, and praying for a tax of five dol-
lars per thousand on domestic cigars, and that
the present tariff on imported cigars may re-
main unchanged; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Washington city, remonstrating against
the removal of the Center market from its
present location; which was referred to tlie
Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a memorial of butchers
and dealers doing business in the Center mar-
ket, remonstrating against the removal of that
market to any other location; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 the District of
Columbia.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of the'
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
kota, relative to the removal of the Pembina
band of Chippewa Indians; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DIXON presented resolutions of the
Connecticut Academy of Arts and Sciences, in
favor of such an appropriation as will insure
the regular and prompt issue of the American
Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac; which were
ordered to lie on the table, aud be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
' Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
the late officers of the fifteenth regiment of
Michigan volunteers, praying that a pension be
granted to John lluley, have directed me to
ask that they be discharged from its further
consideration. There are 110 proofs accom-
panying it; and if there were, the pension would
be granted at the Pension Office without dif-
ficulty.
The report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Atkinson,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 419) granting a pension to Mary Atkinson.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel Morrill and
others, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 420) granting a pension to James
A. Gnthiie. The bill was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Caroline E. Thomas,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 421) granting a pension to Caroline E.
Thomas. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Maria Schweitzer,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 422) granting a pension to Maria Schweit-
zer and the children of Conrad Schweitzer,
deceased. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Jackson,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 423) granting a pension to James Jack-
son. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Caroline A. Batch-
elder, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 424) granting a pension to Bartlet
and Carrie Edwards, children of David W.
Edwards, deceased. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Michigan,
praying that a pension be granted to George
Bennett, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 425) granting a pension to
George Bennett. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. Ii. No. 60S) granting
pensions to certain soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. G73) granting
a pension to tlie widow and minor children of
John S. Phelps, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 074) granting
a pension to the widow of William S. Hamlin,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORliILL, of Maine, from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. 11. No. 718) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1809, and for other purposes, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. II. No. 078) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending Juno 30, 1869, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 819) making partial appropriations
for the expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Com-
merce have instructed me to report back to
the Senate a communication of the Secretary
of the Interior, communicating, in obedience to
law, a report of Silas Seymour 011 the bridging
of the Potomac river, and to ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the report and accompanying papers be
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia. Before that order is made the com-
mittee have instructed me to remark that herein
is an incident showing the luxury of departing
from its rules established by Congress in the
performance of the duties required of them in
reference to matters of appropriation. Here
is an order for a survey and estimates of a
bridge across the Potomac river, for which the
Government are now required to pay the sum
of $4,500, which, if the same business had
been performed through the ordinary channels
made and established by the Government of
the United States for such purposes, would
not have cost one cent. The engineer de-
partment of the Army are paid regularly by
appropriations for that purpose, and when
orders for surveys and estimates are sent to
that department reports are returned from
that department to Congress without a dollar
of expense to the Government or the people.
The committee have instructed me or have
permitted me to say this, and I think I do not
trench upon the confidential nature of the pro-
ceedings of the committee or of its members
in saying this; one of them in particular ex-
presses the opinion in reference to this survey
that there are individuals in his State who
would perform the duty as satisfactorily as this
has been done for the sum of twenty-five dol-
lars. We are called upon to pay §4.500 for
the survey. But it is not in this particular that
the committee desire to draw the attention of
the Senate to this case, but it is in regard to
the appetite for schemes to obtain money by
jobs outside of the regular channels that they
have to complain and that they have instructed
me to complain to the Senate. This proceed-
ing emanated from a Department that has noth-
ing whatever of Government appendage of
engineering or otherwise, the Interior Depart-
ment ; that has been called upon to do the duty
and the service particularly appropriate by law
and otherwise to the engineer department of
the Army ; and the case illustrates the common
practice of constantly trying to do work outside
of the ordinary channel. I move the reference
of these papers to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, inasmuch as with the
bills reported this morning there are now ninety-
four pension bills on the Calendar, to move
that Friday next, after the morning hour, be
set apart for the consideration of business re-
ported by the Committee on Pensions. Of
course, whatever may be done in reference to
impeachment will not be interfered with ; but,
supposing that the Senate will be in session at
that time in its ordinary capacity, I make that
motion.
The PRESIDENT^sro tempore. The Senator
from West Virginia moves that, the time of the
Senate be appropriated on Friday next to the
consideration of pension bills.
Mr. GRIMES. Say private bills.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. My motion was lim-
ited to bills reported from the Committee on
Pensions. ■ I nave no objection, if there be
time after they have been disposed of, to con-
sider other private bills; but, as there are
ninety-four pension bills on the Calendar, I
would rather confine it to them.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTURED AND ABANDONED PROPERTY.
Mr. FOWLER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Whereas the Senate, on the 29th of November last.
Document No. 97, second session Thirty-Smith Con-
gress, page 38, to have been received by Colonel S.
B. Ilolabird, assistant quartermaster, ehief quarter-
master of thedepartmentof theGult, up to February,
1865, as tho net proceeds of captured and abandoned
property, and to have been used in the quartermas-
ter's department as if belonging to the regular funds
of that department by direction of the Major Gen-
eral then commanding the department of the Gulf,
has baen credited to the account of captured and
abandoned property in the Treasuiy of the United
States and is included in the net sum realized
froul such propeity, as shown in said repoit; and
whether tho said sum of money has been charged to
the quartermaster's department, and, if not, what
legislation is necessary to ettect that object;" and
whereas, on the 30th of Novomber last, the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury, in answer to said resolution,
forwarded a communication to this body stating
"that the exhibit referred to shows tho result of a
preliminary examination of Colonel Holabird's ac-
counts by tho quartermaster's department; that in
the regular routine of odicial business they have
been under examination for about a year last pastin
the office of tho Third Auditor, which examination
will probably be completed during the next two
uionths; that whatever amount shall thereupon be
ascertained to havo accrued from the sale of cap-
tured and abandoned property andto havebeen used
tor expenses ot tho quartermaster's department will
then bo transferred by executive action, already
authorized bylaw, upon the statement of the Third
Auditor, to tho fund to which it belongs, and be
charged to the quartermaster's department, and that
no further legislation is necessary to effect, thai ob-
ject;" and whereas more than two months have
transpired since the date of the said communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury to this body:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate, at his earliest con-
venience, whether the examination of the said ac-
count of the said Colonel Holabird has been com-
pleted by the Third Auditor; and, if so, that he state
tho amount found to be due the fund arising from
the proceeds of captured and abandoned property:
whether tho amount thus found due has been cred-
ited to said fund and charged to the quartermaster's
department, and, if the balance thus found due has
not been credited to said fund, why the same has not
been thus credited and included in the total netsum
realized from the sale of captured and abandoned
property in the Treasury of the United States.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 119) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to take charge of the Gettysburg
and Antietam national cemeteries; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
