310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
December 20,
any law which can justify this gross violation of
my liberty, and call upon the officers of the Crown
either to restore me to freedom, or, in the face of the
world and in mockery of justice, sentence me to a
convict prison, upon the unblushingly-purchased and
perjured evidence upon which they procured my
indictment. Having refused to restoro my liberty,
and not daring to proceed to the consummation of
their purpose, but persisting in holding me a close
prisoner tor an indefinite period, 1 now ask the Gov-
ernment of my country to extend to me that protec-
tion due to every one of her citizens. I claim no
special rights as a native, but demand only the assist-
ance which it is the duty of ttie Government to
extend to all its citizens, that I may be released ironi
the oppression and delivered from the dungeon
of a foreign Power, against whose aggression and
tyranny I invoko the aid of my country.
" To you, the honored Representatives of the peo-
ple—the trusted guardians of the nation's honor I
appeal in the name of liberty and justice against (
the grievous wrong inflicted upon me and other citi-
zens of the Kopublic; against the further continu- |
ance of a system of unjustifiable persecution of
American citizens, only because they are Americans.
Denying the right of this or any other foreign Gov- (
ernmcnt to arrest and imprison our citizens upon
the mere suspicion of tho first policeman they meet,
holding and subjecting them to solitary confinement
and the treatment of felons, I ask my immediate
*' Before the world and Almighty God I solemnly
declare that I have committed no act within British
territory that should render mc amenable to British
law or subject me to the punishment I have already
suffered. I demand that freedom which is my inal-
ienable right, and pray that your honorable body
may adopt such measures as you may deem proper
to relieve me from my present position and compel
the British Government to respect the rights and
liberties of American citizens.
"And your petitioner will ever pray.
" WILLIAM J. NAGLE."
Now, therefore, in view of the foregoing, and for
the purpose of correcting the evils complained of,
we, the lieprescatativesofthe people of these United
States, do hereby declare it to be our determination
to submit to no such oppression of our citizens by any
Power, and that we will, with as littlo delay as pos-
sible, adopt such measures as will make it safe for an
American citizen, tree from crime, to travel in any
part of the civilued world.
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be, and it is hereby, instructed to give this matter
immediate attention, and report to this House, by
bill or otherwise, such measures as in the judgment
of said committee will be best calculated to accom-
plish the object desired.
personal explanation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask my colleague,
[Mr. Julian,] who I understand has the floor-
on a privileged question, to yield to me for a
moment to make a personal explanation in ref-
erence to a vote upon a bill -which has passed
this House.
Mr. JULIAN. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. My attention is called to
the fact that in the proceedings of the House
on the 9th instant, as published in the Globe,
in the passage of Senate bill No. 141, in sub-
stance striking out the word " white " from the
laws affecting the District of Columbia, I am
reported as voting in the affirmative, while in
fact I voted in the negative. I would not favor
the adoption of political principles in this Dis-
trict that I would not favor in all other parts
of the country.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] will
permit the appropriation bill, just reported
from the Senate, to be taken up.
Mr. KOSS. There is one thing which my
colleague [Mr. Washburne, of Illinois] has
taught me—that the right course to pursue is
to go on with the regular order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
glad the gentleman has learned something from
me. If he would learn a little more from me
he would be better off.
Mr. JULIAN. Before I go on with the
privileged question I will ask leave to report a
bill from the Committee on Public Lands, for
the purpose of having it printed and recom-
mitted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. ItoSs] insists upon the regular order.
southern land grants.
Mr. JULIAN. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House recom-
mitted to tlie Committee on Public Lands the
bill of the House No. 267, to declare forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
aid in the construction of railroads in the
States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Florida, and for other purposes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be
taken up now.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
does not propose action upon that bill to-day.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider the vote recommitting the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to occupy the time of this House to any
considerable extent in the discussion of this
question, it being a plain one, which members
can readily comprehend. A brief statement
of the principles and purposes of the bill will
vindicate its policy ana the propriety of its sev-
eral provisions. In the year 1856 Congress
granted to the States of Mississippi, Alabama,
Florida, and Louisiana sundry grants of land
to aid them in the construction of railroads.
The following letter from the Commissioner of
the Land Office will give the details of these
grants:
Department of the Interior,
Grnf.ral Land Office, July 9,1867.
Sik : I have had the honor to receive your letter
of yesterday, and in roply have to state that lands
have been certified to the southern States under
railroad grant' of 1856 as follows, namely:
Certified to Florida, August, 1857, August and No-
vember, 1858, and October, 1860, under act of 17th of
May, 18o6—■
1. For Florida road, acres  281,984.17
2. For Alabama and Florida road, acres, 165,688.00
3. For Pensacola and Georgia road, acres, 1,275,212.93
4. For Florida, Atlantic, and Gulf Central
road, acres  37,583.29
1,760,468.39
Certified to Alabama, May, 1859, and January,
1861-
(1.) Under act May 17.1856—
1. For Alabama and Florida road, acres, 394,522.99
2. Under samo act, for Alabama and Ten-
nessee road, acres  440,700.16
(2.) Under act of 3d June, 1856—
1. For Northwestern and Southwestern
road, acres  289,535.58
2. For Coosa and Tennessee road, acres, 67,784.96
3. For Will's Valley road, acres  471,920.57
4. For Mobile and Girard road, acres  504,145.86
Total to Alabama, acres 1.868.610.12
Certified to Mississippi, September, 1859, under act
of August 11,1856—
For Southern railroad, acres.....  171,550.00
Certified to Louisiana, October, 1859, and January,
1801, under act of 3d June, 185G—
1. For Vicksburg and Shrevcport road,
acres „  353,211.70
2. For New Orleans, Opelousas, and Great
Western road, acres  719,193.75
Total to Louisiana 1,072,405.45
Hecapitulation.
To Florida  1.760.4G8.39
To Alabama  1,868,610.12
To Mississippi  171,550.00
To Louisiana      1,072,405.45
Total approved to all southern States, 4,973,083.96
There being none approved to Arkansas under the
acts referred to.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commimioner.
Hon. George W. Julian,
House of Itepresentatives.
For some time after these grants were exe-
cuted the States concerned took no steps look-
ing to their good faith in procuring them. They
slept over their rights. In 1861, on the break-
ing out of the rebellion, they joined with their
rebel sisters in waging war against the nation
which had granted them these lands, and they
are therefore now forfeited to the United States j
first, by the inexcusable failure of the States
to comply with the conditions of the grants,
and secondly by their acts of treason and rebel-
lion against the Government.
The time has expired by limitation, and the
object of the bill which I have reported from
the Committee on Public Lands is to open up
these five million acres of rich land to home-
stead entry and settlement, in the interest of
the landless poor of the South, both black and
white. I reported the bill last July, and had
it referred to the Land Committee. I intro-
duced the same proposition and had it referred
to the Committee on Southern Railroads during
the same session. I report it now in entire
accordance with the wishes of tlie chairman of
the Committee on Southern Railroads, which
committee, as I understand, take the same
view of the case that is entertained by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
I hope that no gentleman on this floor will
object to the enactment of this bill. The
land is already forfeited to tho United States.
The effect of the bill is simply to declare that
forfeiture and subject it to homestead entry
and settlement; for to-day the whole of it is
tied up in the hands of rebel corporations, so
that no poor man can avail himself of an acre
or a foot of it without the intervention of an
act of Congress.
So much as to the general features and pur-
poses of this bill; and now I have a word fur-
ther to say as to the necessity for the passage
of this act, growing out of the wants of the peo-
ple of the South in the matter of homesteads;
and I ask particular attention to a few plain
facts bearing upon this point. Under the
homestead law of June 21, 1866, about forty-
six million acres of surveyed unsold public
lands of the South were subjected to homestead
entry and settlement; and the further sale of
them was interdicted. These lands, however,
had been offered for sale, and even under the
inducements supplied by the old graduation
laws of Congress had failed to find purchasers.
I understand that probably two thirds of these
lands are refuse and worthless for any purposes
of tillage.
In 1850 Congress granted to the States of
Florida, Louisiana, and Arkansas about twenty-
six million of acres of public lands, under the
name of " overflowed swamp lands"—one of
the most ungodly legislative swindlesthat were
ever practiced on the credulity of a great nation ;
for a large portion of these lands were dry, and
among the most fertile in the nation. They
were, however, bought np in large quantities at
low rates by leading slaveholders, who turned
out subsequently to be the leading rebels of the
South ; and these lands are to-day the subject
of one of the most frightful .monopolies that
ever afflicted a people. More than fifty-two
million acres—I state it on the authority of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
—more than fifty-two million acres of lands
in these southern States are to-day locked up
in the keeping of rebel speculators and totally
excluded from the operations of the homestead
law and from tillage and productive wealth.
More than two thirds of the whole population
of the five landed States of the South are to-
day non-landholders, and consequently without
homes of their own. Less than one third of
the people in this exclusively agricultural region
are the owners of land, and of course are at the
mercy of the remaining two thirds.
It would seem very obvious from these facts
that these railroad lands are needed for home-
stead entry and settlement; and to show this
necessity I send to the Clerk's desk to be read
an extract from a letter which I have recently
received from an agent of the Freedmen's
Bureau in Louisiana, illustrating the points
that I have stated as to that State.
The Clerk read as follows i
"The grant of land to the New Orleans and Ope-
lousas railroad was at first but a land speculation.
"It will perhaps be of value to you to know some-
thing of tho nature and quality of the land through
which this road runs. On the map you will observe
that from Opelousas the road runs north, bearing
west to town three south, range one east, where it
turns to the west, running north TB° west, crossing
the1 numerous little streams that form the Mer-
menteau and Calcasieu rivers. The streams rise in
a sandy ridge covered with pine timber, the land
being of but little value. But along the base of this
ridge is a belt of fertile land about twenty miles in
width, through which the railroad is proj ected, and
almost all of it is taken by this grant. As you de-
scend these streams from this belt the land becomes
flat, with a white clay soil entirely worthless for cul-
tivation, On the Calcasieu river there is some pine
timber that is valuable, but all the land of any value
has been selected by the State as overflowed lands.
Of the three million acres of Government lands in this
State about nine hundred thousand acres are held by
this grant, and I think I can safely say that there
are not one hundred thousand acres of Government
land fit for cultivation outside of this grant." The
