2718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30
3
icalr power of New YoYk or Ohio, with the cer-
tainty that they cannot lose their vote in the
House by an equal division of their Represent-
atives as the larger States raay; thus increasing
the inequality of political power which now
exists in the House when the election of a
President devolves upon it, to an extent which
I fear- the statesmen of the .country do not
fully recognize. Admit six of the Territories,
and the number of States would be increased
to forty-three, cind the electoral vote, if the
States already named retain their present
number of votes, would be three hundred and
thirty-five.
Now, take Georgia, with 'her nine electoral
votes, and add to the ten States in the first
table, and eleven States can give one hundred
and seventy-two electoral votes, while the re-
maining thirty-two States can give but one
hundred and sixty-three electoral votes. Thus
eleven States out of forty-three, if united, may
by a plurality of their voters, electa Presiednt _
yet, if they are so divided that a majority of all
the electors are not chosen for one of the can-
didates, there is no election, and the election
devolves on the House of Representatives,
when twenty-two States, representing only
eighty-nine electoral votes out of three 'hun-
dred and thirty-five, or a fraction more than
one fourth and not one fourth of the popular
vote, may elect a President.
Add the six new States, each with their three
electoral votes, to the six States now in the
Union with but three votes each, and we will
have twelve States with one vote each in the
House, and but thirty-six electoral votes.
When that time comes—which will probably be
within ten years at most—we shall have, as
I have shown, forty-three States, of which
twenty-two will be a majority, and this major-
ity of States can be controlled by thirty-five
members; eight votes less than there are States
in the Union. Thus it will be seen that tiiirty-
five me.y in the h()use, when composed of
two hundred and rsuty-ninh members, wxi.i,
have the roWER to elect a president should
the election devolve on-tiie house of rep-
resentatives.
I need not add a word in condemnation of
a system so utterly repugnant to all right think-
ing men. The fact that so small a body of men
will have it i^ their power to elect a President,
if the election can be carried into the House
of llepresentatives, will make it for the inter-
est of desperate political adventurers and place
hunters to combine and force the election into
the House. I would not have you forget that
the Representatives who are to determine the
choice of a President when the election de-
volves on the House *pf Representatives are
members of the Congress which expires on the
day the new President is to be inaugurated :
that the term of all members not reelected will
cease on the 4th of March after the election of
the President, and that such members will then
be prepared_ to accept appointments under the
new Administration.
With the States all restored, as we soon hope
to see them., there will be thirty-seven, as I
have before said, and the number of members
in the House will be two hundred and forty-
three, one -hundred and twenty-two of whom
are a majority. Yet thirty-eight members
representing' nineteen states by voting
together can constitutionally elect the
President when the election devolves on
the lIot'sh.
These calculations are based upon the hy-
pothesis that every State will have a vote in such
an election; whereas it will sometimes happen
that the larger States will lose their vote by an
equal division in their delegation. This, of
course, cannot happen where a State has but
one Representative.
When there is but one majority in a delega-
tion', any member from such a State may change
the result, or he may refuse to vote, and thus
deliberately, and for a purpose, cause the vote
of his State to be equally divided and lost, thus
increasing the power of the few in the House
who vote as a unit. r
The proposition which I make brings the
Sjjnate and House of Representatives together
in joint convention within sixty days after the
death, resignation, or removal of the Presi-
dent, and secures to each Senator aud Repre-
sentative one vote.
Aii election of a President by a joint vote
of the two Houses of Congress can only hap-
pen under the plan which 1 have submitted, on
the death, resignation, or removal of the in-
cumbent; because the people will of necessity
elect a President at the second election with-
out the intervention of any body of men, thus
taking away from the House of Representati^js
this dangerous power, now lodged by the Con-
stitution in the hands of less than one third of
its members, and securing it to the people.
Experience teaches that small bodies of men
may be corrupted, the great body of the people
never. Where there are more than two pres-
idential candidates, those representing political
parties known to be in the minority in any
State, while acting separately, may unite and
adopt a joint electoral ticket, composed of men
representing their respective party organiza-
tions, and thus obtain a plurality of the popular
vote in enough doubtful States to defeat an
election by electors. The election of the Pres-
ident would then devolve on the House of Rep-
resentatives, and one of the candidates of the
minority eonld there be elected, as I have
shown, by less than one third of the Repre-
sentatives in Congress, with a constituency
numbering less than one fourth of the popular
vote.
After an election, in which there was no
choice by the people, if they were permitted to
v.ote the second time, they would never permit
an election of President to go to the House of
Representatives, as provided under our pres-
ent Constitution. This is one of the important
privileges which I propose to secure directly to
the people, so that in a country extensive as
oura the people may have an opportunity of
voting for a second choice if they fail to secure
their first choice.
In any light in which I am able to view the
jjresent mode of electing a President, whether
by the appointment of electors or selecting him
by the House of Representatives, it seems to
me to be violative of the democratic principle,
and dangerous to the peace and stability of the
Government.
_In conversing recently with one of the most
distinguished men of the nation on this subject
he said that should an election such as I have
described occur, and the choice devolve on the
House of Representatives, it would not dare
to select for President the candidate having
the smallest vote ; that if they did so it would
end in revolution, and that until some great
agitation resulting from such an outrage came
upon the country the people could not be
aroused to the necessity of providing against
its probability.
However that may be, I feel it to be my duty
to present this subject to the consideration of
this House and the country, with the notice
that while I remain a member of this body I
do not intend to rest until a judgment is ren-
dered upon it by Congress and the people.
Believing in the capacity of the people for
self-government., I ask that all who are duly
qualified shall vote directly for President; that
they be secured and protected in that right,
and be freed from the dictation and control of
all intermediate and irresponsible bodies of
men. Any substitute for a popular vote makes
it possible for intermediate bodies, who are
commissioned to act for the people, to betray
them or defeat their choice.
The system which now prevails of nominat-
ing and electing our Presidents tends directly
to corruption and fraud, and to placing the
Government in the hands of a minority of ex-
perienced and unscrupulous political intriguers.
Minorities cannot long administer a Govern-
ment such as ours in this country by fraud and
intrigue without inaugurating violence and
rbloodshed. The administration by the slave
oligarchy of this Government for so many
. years by fraud, intrigue; and force is a case in
point.
The history of all republics which have risen
and fallen teaches us that liberty will perish
if the people permit the establishment of anv
substitute for popular elections.
It is the province of true statesmanship to
supply a remedy for the dangerous, unjust,
and anti democratic provision of the Constitu-
tion which provides for the election of our
national Executive.
I have not provided for special elections by
the people in case of the death, disability, or
removal of the President, because I think the
presidential term should commence and end
as now.
The business interests of the country can-
not afford to go through a presidential cam-
paign oftener than once in four years. If an
election to fill a vacancy devolves on the Con-
gress, each Senator and Representative has
one vote, which is as equitable an apportion-
ment according to population as can well be
made, and the choice of an acting President
to fill any vacancy which may liappen will
probably give as much satisfaction in the mode
proposed as any which could be devised.
of the executive and appointing power.
Mr. Chairman, in defining the executive
power the Cramers of the Constitution de-
clared that it should be in a President, intend-
ing thereby to say that the executive power
of the nation should be vested in one person,
to be called a President, and that he should
exercise the powers and duties conferred in
strict accordance with the grants and limita-
tions of the Constitution. Gradually but stead-
ily the executive power has strengthened itself
and encroached upon the legislative depart-
ment, causing the conflict through which wo
have just passed.
The power of appointment committed to the
President under our Constitution has for years
made him little else than a king for the time
being, except in name.
Insidious usurpations, long submitted to, but
never contemplated by the Constitution, have
so grown into custom that to-day, without the
tenure-of-officeaet, the vast power in the hands
of an ambitious, aspiring, popular President
is dangerous to the peace and stability of the
Union.
When it is remembered that there are nearly
forty thousand office-holders, whose salaries
amount to millions, and whose appointment,
directlyor indirectly, depend on theword ofthe
President, we will be able to comprehend some-
thing of the overshadowing power of the Exec-
utive.
We have all seen how dangerous a President
may become who is without character and with-
out ability, even when manacled with the civil
tenure-of-office law.
Let the intelligent student read over our po-
litical history for the past forty or tifty years,
and he will be surprised to find how larg'e has
been the number of Senators and Representa-
tives who during that time have openly or
covertly betrayed their constituents, and be-
come the mere dependents of the Executives
who during their official term filled the presi-
dential office.
I will not now speak of the baseness which
has been so open and unblushing within the
memory of us all. For the sake of place and
power a large number of public men, in the past
half century, have abandoned cherished con-
victions, betrayed the people, and become the
mere creatures of our acting Executives, so
that to-day our political highway presents an
almost unbroken line of unburied political skel-
etons, offensive to the sight and poisonous to
Our political atmosphere. Sir, let any man
read our political history for the past forty or
fifty years, and he will find that an executive
nod to a Representative of the same political
party has been more potent, as a rule, than the
will of his constituents. I admit that this
abasement was far more general than it is to-
day, during the period in which the slave-mas-
