1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3743
Mr. HOWARD. Is it simply to relieve them
from some of the details of the legislation?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all.
Mr. HOWARD. It does not authorize the
Secretary to remit the tax?
Mr. SHERMAN". No, sir ; not at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not intend to do
it; but does it not do it?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 suggest to the chairman
to alter the phraseology so as to make it plain
and specific.
Mr. SHERMAN. The proof of the pudding
is in the eating of it. This provision has always
been in the law, and it has never interfered
with the collection of the tax.
Mr. HOWARD. If the chairman is satisfied
that it is sufficiently explicit I have nothing
fuither to say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the chaiiman of the Committee on Finance
whether the word "relating" might not be
changed to "regulating?57
Mr. SHERMAN. These are the same words
that are in the old law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know they
are: but would not "regulating" be a better
chosen word?
Mr. SHERMAN. The language is here "re-
lating to the manufactuie of spirits." You
cannot make anything else out of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment, to insert as section three the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the Commissioner of internal Revenue shall adopt
and pi escribe for ube any meter, meters, or meter
sales it shall be the duty of every owner, agent, or
superintendent of a distillery to make application to
the collector ot his district for such meter, meters,or
meter safes to bo used in his distillery, and the same
shall be furnished and attached to the distillery at
the expense of the distiller, whose duty it shall be to
furnish all the pipes, materials, labor, and facilities
necessary to complete such attachment in accordance
with the regulations of theCommissioner of Internal
Revenue, who is hereby further authorized to order
and require such changes of or additions to distilling
apparatus, connecting pipes, pumps, or cistems, or
any machinery connected with or used in or on tho
distillery premises, or may require to be put on any
of the stilis, tubs, cisterns, pipes, or other vessels such
fastenings, Jocks, or seals as he may deem necessary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the chaii-
man of the committee whether this contem-
plates a meter beside that already established?
Mr, SHERMAN. No, sir. I will say to
the Senator that this section is in accordance
with the existing law. The House undertook
in the second section of this bill to require the
United States at its own expense to furnish
meters to distilleries; but very many of the
distilleries have already furnished themselves
with meters in accordance with the regulations
of the law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The only reason why I
made the inquiry was that I supposed, under
the present regulations, distillers had already
gone to this expense, and that this contem-
plated an abandonment of that and the adop-
tion of some other plan.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, it con-
templates going on with the present system.
Mr. HENDRICKS, Then I have no objec-
tion to it. "
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the third section of the
House bill, now become section four, as fol-
lows :
Andbeit further enacted, That distilled spirits, spirits,
alcohol, and alcoholic spirit, within the true intent
and meaning of this act, is that substance known as
ethyl alcohol, hydrated oxide of ethyl, or spirit of
wine, which is commonly produced by the fermenta-
tion of grain, or sraroh, or sugar, including all dilu-
tion? and mixtures of this substance; and the tax
which shall attach to this substance as soon as it is
in existence as such, whether it be subsequently
separated as pure or impure spirit, or be immedi-
ately,.or at any subsequent time, transferred into
any other substance, either in the process of original
production or by any subsequent process; and no
mash, wort, or wash fit lor distillation or the pro-
duction of spirits or alcohol shall be made or fer-
mented in any building or on any premises other than
a distillery duly authorized according to law: and
no such mash, wort, or wash so made and fermented
shall be sold or removed from any distillery before
being distillod; and no person other than an author-
ized distiller shall by distillation, or by any other
process, separate the alcoholic spirits from any fer-
mented masli, wort, or wash; and no person shall
use spirits or alcohol or any vapor of alcoholic spirits
in manufacturing vinegar or any other article, or in
any process of manufacture whatever, unless the
spirits or alcohol so used shall have been pioduced
in an authorised distillery and the tax thereon paid,
or shall have been lawfully imported mtothcUnited
States and the duties thereon paid. Any person who
shall violate any of tho provisions of this section
shall be fined, for every offense, not les9 than $500
nor more than &o,000, and imprisoned for not less
than six months nor more than two years.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment, in line seven to strike out the
word " which."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the""
end of the section the following proviso :
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be con-
strued as imposing any additional tax on fermented
liquors, or any regulations lespecting the manufac-
ture thereof, other than those elsewhere provided for.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next section, as
follows :
Sec. [115. And he it farther enacted. That every per-
son haviug in his possession or custody, or under his
control, any still or distilling apparatus set up, shall
register the same with the assistant assessor of tho
division in which said still or distilling apparatus
shall be, by filing with him duplicate statements, in
writing, subscribed by such person, setting forth the
particular place where such still or distilling appa-
ratus is set up, the kind of brill and its cubic con-
tents, the owner thereof, his place of residence, and
the purpose for which said still or distilling appa-
ratus has been or is intended to bo used; one of
which statements shall be retained and preserved by
the assistant assessor, and the other transmitted to
the assessor of tho district. Stills and distilling
apparatus now set up shall bo to legistered within
sixty days from the time this act takes effect, and
those hereafter set up shall be so registered imrae-,
diately upon their being setup. Any still or distilling
apparatus not so registered, together with all per-
sonal property in tho possession, or custody, or under
the control of such person and found in the building,
or in any yard or inclosuro connected with the
building, in which the same shall be set up, shall
bo forfeited. And any person having in his posses-
sion or custody, or under his control, any still or dis-
tilling apparatus setup whkh is not so_registered,
shall pay a, penalty of $500, and on conviction shall
bo fined not less than $100 nor mor<5 than ,000, and
imprisoned for not less than one month nor more
than two years.
No amendment being reported to this sec-
tion, the Chief Clerk read the next section, as
follows:
Seo. [o] 6. And be it further enacted, That every
person engaged in, or intending to be engaged in, tho
business of a distiller or rectifier, shall give notice in
writing, subscribed by him, to the assessor of the dis-
trict within which such business is to be carried on,
stating his name and place of residence, and if a
company or firm, the name and place of residence of
each member thereof, the place where said business
is to be carried on, and whether of distilling or rec-
tifying. And if such business be carried on in acity,
the residence and placeof business shall be indicated
by the name of the street and number of the build-
ing, In case of a distiller tho notice shall also state
the kind of stills, and the cubic contents thereof, the
number and kind of boilers, the number of mash-
tubs and fermenting-tubs, and the cubic contents of
each tub, the number of receiving cisterns, and tho
cubic contents of each cistern, together with a par-
ticular desciipiion of the lot or tract of land on
which the distillery is situated, with the size and
description ot the buildings thereon, and of what ma-
terial constructed. The notice shall also state tho
number of hours in which the distiller will ferment
each tub of mash or beer, the estimated quantity of
distilled spirits which the apparatus is capable of
distilling every twenty-four hours, and the names
and residence of every person interested or to be in-
terested in the business, and that saicl distillery and
the premises connected therewith are not within six
hundred feet of anv promises authorized to bo used
for rectifying or refining distilled spirits by any pro-
cess. In case of a rectifier, the notice shall state tho
precise location of the premises where such business
is to be carried on, the name and residence of every
person interested or to be interested m the business,
by what process the applicant intends to rectify,
purify, or refine distilled spirits, the kind and cubic
contents of any still used or to be used for such pur-
pose, and the estimated quantity of spirits which can
be rectified, purified, or refined every twenty-four
hours in such establishment, and that said rectifying
establishment is not within six hundred feet of^ the
premises of any distillery regi'steied for the disull i-
tion of spirits. In case of any changein the iocation.
form, capacity, ownership, agcncy, superintendency,
or in the persons interested in the business of such
distillery or rectifying establishment, or in the time
of fermenting the mash or beer, notice thereof, in
writing, shall bo given to the said assessor or to the
assistant a&seosor of the division within twenty-four
hours of said change. And any assistant asse«sor
receiving such notice shall Immediately transmit the
same to the assessor of the district. Every notice
required by this section shall be in such form and
shall contain such additional particulars as the Coin*
missioucr of Internal Revenue may from time to timo
prescribe. Any person failing or refusing to give
such notice shall pay a penalty of $1,000. and on con-
viction shall be tiued not less than &100 nor more
than $2,000, and any person giving a false or fraudu-
lent notice shall, on conviction, in addition to such
penalty or fine, be imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years.
^ No amendment being reported to this sec-
tion, the Chief Clerk read the next section, as
follows:
^ Sec. [6] 7. And be it further enacted, That every dis-
tiller shall, on filing his notice of intention to continue
or commence business, with tt.e assessor before pro-
ceeding with such business, make and execute abond
in form prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, with at least two sureties, to be approved
by the assessorofthe district. The penal sumot said
bond shall not be less than double the amount of tax
on the spirits that can bo distilled in his distillery
during a period of fifteen days: but in no case shall
such bond be for a less sum than $5,000. The condi-
tion of the bond shall be that the principal shall
faithfully comply with all the provisions ot' this act
in relation to thedutiesand business of-distillers, and
will pay all penalties incurred or fines imposed on
him lor a violation of any of tho said provisions; that
he will not suffer the lot or tract of land on which the
distillery stands, or any part thereof, or any of the
distilling apparatus, to bo incumbered by mortgage,
judgment, or other lien during the time in which he
shall carry on said business. The assessor may refuse
to approve said bond when, in his judgment, the
situation of the distillery is such as would enable tho
distiller to defraud the United States; and in case of
such refusal, the distiller may appeal to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, whoso decision in the
matter shall be final. A new bond shall bo required
in case of the death, insolvency, or removal of either
of the sureties, and may be required in any other
contingency, at the discretion of the assessor or Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Any person failing
or refusing to give the bond hereinbefore required,
or giving any false, forged, or fraudulent bond, shall
forfeit the distillery, distilling apparatus, and all
real estate and premises connected therewith, and on
conviction shall be fined not less than $500, nor more
than $5,000, and imprisoned not less than six months
nor more than two years.
The committee reported two amendments to
this section. The first was in line twenty-four,
to strike out " shall" and insert " may ;" and
in line twenty-six to strike out the words
"may be required;" so as to read:
A new bond may be required in case of the death,
insolvency, or removal of either of the sureties, and
in any other contingency, at the discretion, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
nine, after the word "required" to insert the
words " or to renew the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [7] 8. And be it further enacted, That no bond
of a distiller shall be approved unless he is the owner
in fee. unincumbered by any mortgage, judgment,
or other lien, of the lot or tract of land on which
the distillery is situated, or unless he files with the
assessor in connection with his notice, the written
consent of the owner of the fee. and of any mort-
gagee. judgment creditor, or other person having a
lien thereon, duly acknowledged, that the premises
may be used for the purpose ot distilling spirits, sub-
ject to the provisions of this act, and expressly stip-
ulating that the lien of the United States for taxes
and penalties shall have priority of such mortgage,
judgment, or other incumbrance, and that in case
of the forfeiture of the distillery premises or any
part thereof, the title of the same shall veat in the
United States discharged from aBy such mortgage,
judgment, or other incumbrance. In any case where
the owner of a distniery or distillery apparatus,
erected prior to the passage of this act, has an estate
for a term of years only in the lot or tract of land on
which the distillery is situated, the lease or other
cvidcnce of title to which shall have been duly
recorded prior to the passage of this act, the value
of such lot or tract of land, together with the build-
ing and distilling apparatus shall be appraised m
the manner to be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and the assessor is heieby au-
thorized to except, in lieu of the said written con-
sent of the owner of the fee, the bond of said dis-
tiller with not less than two sureties-, who shall be
residents of tho collection district or county, or an
adjoining county in tho same State, in which the
! distillery is situated, andshall be the ownersof onin-
\ cumbered real estate in said district or county, or
[ adjoining county, equal to such appraised value.
; The penal sum ot said bond shall be equal to the
! appraised value of said lot or tract of land, together
! with the buildings and distilling apparatus-, and
conditioned that in case the distillery, distilling
! apparatus, or any part thereof, shall, by final judg-
' ment, be forfeited lor the violation of any or tne pro-
visions of this act, the obligors will pay .the amount
stated in said bond. Said bond shall be in such form
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall pre-
scribe."
