1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
confiscation of the State lands would open about
half a million acres of land to entry that could be
made available lor settlement for freedmen. I
I tun e written particularly in reference to the
New Oilcans, Opelousas, and Great Western rail-
road, because the Yieksburs and Shreveport rail-
road, which is im'liuled m the same grant, hits but
an inconsiderable amount of good land within its
limits. It seems to me very incontinent for a Con-
gress that talked of confiscating plantations for the
benefit of freedmen to give away tho only available
land to a company of speculators under the pretext
that northern capitalists aro interested in it.
' " It would perhaps bo of no avail for me to detail
to you the difficulties attending the settlement of
freedmen on homesteads. Many po«r people are
li"ing ou these Xew Orleans and Opelousas railroad
lands who were there before tho passage of the ori-
ginal grant, but bemcignorantof tho course to pursue
to secure their homes, they were thrown out of their
preemption claims. Almost all of these people have
been throughout the war Union people, resisting
secession and conscription often to death, flying to
the swamps for protection, and when our Army
came through the country eagerly gavo valuable
information, and many of themjoined the Army. I
have placed some treedmen upon these lands, suppos-
ing that the limitation terminated the grant, and
opened the land for entry, I consulted an attorney,
who gave it as his opinion that tho land was subject
to entry. I think Congress will not, at least, refuse
this act of justice to these people."
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, it will be seen
from the statements just read that what I
asserted as to the necessity for homesteads
along the lines of these roads is true; and that
the people who' need them are men who have
been steadfastly loyal all through the late strug-
gle, and wherever they could do so joined our
Army in aid of the cause of the Union. If
there is any controversy as to any of these
roads, it will perhaps arise as to the New Or-
leans and Opelousas railroad, already referred
to, about one half of which, I believe, has been
already completed; and I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who had
charge of that road for some time during the
■war, to make to the House a statement of his
knowledge as to the condition of the road, and
whether it will not be completed independently
of any grant of land that may be asked for
hereafter. "
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend from Indiana will give way to a motion
to postpone the further consideration of this
matter. Here is another land grant, and I
trust with the present thin House he will not
undertake to pass it through. The question is
now up, and 1 hope it will be postponed.
Mr. JULIAN. I propose to dispose of the
question to-day.
' Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I desire, in
answer to my friend from Indiana, to submit a
statement. The New Orleans and Opelousas
railroad, running from the right bank of the
Mississippi river opposite New Orleans, at
Algiers, to Berwick bay, and thence along the
coast to Texas, wa3 completed before the war
as far as Berwick bay eighty-one or eighty-two
miles. It was in full running order for that
distance; but the company, the directors, and
owners were holding it in the interest of the
rebellion. The first train that ran over that
road after my arrival, the engineer having
refused to act,, one of my staff stood on the
engine with a revolver at his head, and in that
way the train was got through. The road ran
through a highly fertile portion of the country.
About the center between New Orleans and
Berwick bay there is a large number of old
French settlers, who took no part in the war
and who hold small homesteads. They were
about the only Union men I found outside of
the city of New Orleans in the State of Louis-
iana.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask whether that road
from New Orleans to Berwick bay does not
run for a large portion of the way through
marsh—whether salt or fresh I do not know—
unti 1 it strikes the high land about Thibodeaux?
I ask whether the high lands about that place
are not the only ones along that road?
Mr. BUTLER. I can answer that no part
runs through salt marsh until it strikes close by
Berwick bay, where it runs along bayous.
' Almost the whole length, but for a few miles
from the Mississippi river, is most fertile cotton
land. Thibodeaux and Houma are consider-
able towns on the line of that road. Then it
runs along some of the best farming lands ; but
within a few miles of Berwick bay and a por-
tion of it just near the Mississippi river are
sometimes overflowed by crevasses. All the
other portions are rarely, if ever, overflowed.
They are the highest lands in that State.
Certainly some of the finest country and finest
farms are along the line of that road.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will consent to a postponement
of this question. It has been thoroughly
examined by the Committee on Southern Rail-
roads, and their report is now before the House.
We can judge better with that report before us,
read to the members, than npon the naked
assertions of the great hero of New Orleans or
of the chairman of the committee now report-
ing. There is no doubt that the railroads of
the South during the war were run by the
military power. That is no new thing for us to
learn. I think it is high time that the order of
this House should be respected and that some
faith should be given to the report of the com-
mittee specially intrusted with this subject
rather than to the statements of the hero of
New Orleans blazoning forth the greatness of ji
his own deeds. I hope this will be postponed ;!
until the House can act upon something better
than personal reminiscences of the sort we have :
heard. j
Mr. JULIAN. I conferred with the chair-
man of the Committee on Southern Railroads
before I made this report from the Land Com-
mittee of the House, and I reported it in entire
concurrence with his views and wishes. I hope
the House, on the statement of • facts I have
made, will be prepared to vote on the proposi-
tion at this time.
Mr. CHANLER. The House is prepared at
all times to support the gentleman when it is not
a question of merit merely hut of politics.
What I want is, that the question shall be fairly
considered without being advertised of the con-
dition of the South, which every boy knows
who has read the newspapers. What the House
wants is to hear the report of the committee
appointed on the subject.,
Mr. BUTLER. I want to say once for all
to the member from New York that I do not
claim, as it has been flung to me two or three
times by gentlemen on the other side, to be the
■hero of New Orleans. Farragut has that high
honor; but I do claim to be the hero of New
York city in the election of 18G4, when they
had an honest election, the only one before or
since. [Laughter.]
Mr. JULIAN. I cannot yield further.
Mr. CHANLER. Surely the gentleman
will yield to me after the speech of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. JULIAN. I will yield for a moment
to my colleague on the committee from New
York, [Mr. Taber.]
Mr. TABER. I desire to say that I dissent
from the report of the majority of the com-
mittee on this bill. I believe the understand-
ing of the committee was that the bill should,
in the first place, be reported to the House
for the purpose of being printed, in order that
its provisions might be understood by those
who are interested in these southern roads.
But a very short time has elapsed since the
printing of the bill, and they certainly have
not had an opportunity of obtaining the in-
formation that they desire.
I wish further to say, as the matter has been
alluded to by my colleague, [Mr. Chanler,]
that I understand this matter was specially
referred to the select Committee on Southern
Railroads, and I think that that committee
should make its report before action is taken
here. We know nothing about the position of
these roads. We know not who is interested,
whether the northern people or the southern
people, in the landed interest in these roads.
There are various interests, and until we have
all the information it strikes me we ought to
defer action.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from New
York is correct in stating that he was opposed
to reporting this bill. He was the only mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Lands, I be-
lieve, who did oppose it. It is true, also, as
he states, that this matter was referred to the
Committee on Southern Railroads. It was
likewise referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, each having jurisdiction, and, as I
stated a little while ago, I made this report
from the Committee on Public Lands in entire
concurrence with the views and wishes of thq
chairman of the Committee on Southern Rail-
roads, and in pursuance of my instructions
from the committee, of which I am chairman.
As to the facts necessary to aright judgment
in this case, I have this to say: there are no
facts in relation to these roads or the condi-
tion of progress in which they are which can,
in any degree, affect the merits of the issue
presented by this bill. The lands are forfeited
to the United States already, and not one of
these rebel corporations can assert any right
or do any act looking to the completion of the
*ork on these roads without first asking Con-
gress for a renewal and continuance of the
grants. They have that to do, whether this bill
shall become a law or not, if they desire the
lands. We cut them off frcrm no rights and no
equities; for after this bill has been enacted
any one of them can come here and, on a
proper showing, ask a revival of the original
grants. That they have to do in any event.
The simple operation of this bill is to untie
these lands and subject them to the operation
of the southern homestead law for the relief
of the homeless loyal poor of the South who
are hungering and thirsting for their just rights.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, Will the
gentleman from Indiana yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. JULIAN. For one moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to offer an amendment to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not yet before
the House. A motion to reconsider the refer-
ence is pending.
• Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. When
the bill is before the House I shall offer an
amendment which I hope my friend will accept,
and which I believe will commend itself to
every member on the other side of the House,
as it' certainly will to every member on this.
It is &s follows:
And be it further enacted, <£c., That the provisions
of all existing homestead laws shall apply to the
even-numbered sections within the limits of any
railroad grant heretofore made within the United
States in the same manner as to other lands.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] yield to me for a ques-
tion?
Mr. JULIAN. Yes, for a question.
Mr. CHANLER. Does the gentleman pro-
Eose to move the previous question as soon as
e gets through his remarks ?
Mr. JULIAN. It is suggested by gentlemen
near me, that as the House is very thin to-day it
might perhaps be well to ask that this bill be
made the special order for some certain time
when there may be a full attendance. And if
there is no objection I am willing to consent
to a postponement, with the understanding that
it shall be a special order on some day after
the holidays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
is not well to block up the proceedings of the
House by special orders at this early period
of the session. I think there will be no
trouble in the gentleman getting at the bill at
any time.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to recon-
sider should be postponed, it would have the
same effect as to make the bill a special order,
it being a privileged motion, which- can be
called up at any time when there is no other
business before the House.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I move to postpone
the further consideration of this motion to
reconsider until the second Tuesday in Jan-
uary next, after the morning hour.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to ask the gentle-
