1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Laivrence.
Ho. op Reps.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Sec-
retary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
and othor public property now in your custody and
charge. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Eespcctfully yours,
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton. Washington, D. G.
Executive Mansion,
"Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sik: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this
day removed from office as Sceretary for the Depart-
ment of War, you arc hereby authorized and em-
powered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and
will immediately enter upon the discharge of the
duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all records, books, papers, and other public property
intrustod to his charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet MniorGoncni! Loiifnzo Thom -vs. A.djutnnt
General United States Army, Washington, 1). 0.
Official copy respectfully furnished to Hon. Edwin
M.Stanton. L. THOMAS,
&'eeretary of War a<l interim.
On the same day the Senate adopted a res-
olution and furnished to the President, as
follows:
"Whereas the Senate have received and considered
the communication of the President stating that ho
had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
and has designated the Adjutant General of the Army
to act as Secretary of War ad interim: Therefore,
" Licsolved by the Senate of the United States, That
under the Constitution and laws of the United States
tho President has no power to remove the Secretary
of War and designate any other officer to perform the
duties of that office ad interim."
In brief, then, on the 21st day of February,
while the Senate was in session, the President,
without their advice or consent, undertook to
remove the Secretary of War and to appoint an
ad interim Secretary. If he had power to do
these things and did so for a legitimate pur-
pose, he is guiltless.
But if he violated the Constitution or a law
made in pursuance thereof in a mode calcu-
lated to subvert some fundamental principle
of the Government, or if he attempted to do
so, then he is guilty of high crimes and mis-
demeanors, and is amenable to the power of
impeachment.
It has been said that this is a contest over
an office, a mere controversy as to who shall
be Secretary of War.
Sir, it is a contest to settle a grave principle
of the power of Congress to pass the tenure-
of-office law of March 2, 18G7. It ia a con-
test to determine whether every oificer of the
land, appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, may be turned out of
office at the mere whim and caprice of the
President. It is a contest to decide whether
this Government is worse than a monarchy or
whether we shall have liberty regulated by
law. It ia the old contest of the agos between
executive usurpation and the rights of the
people. It is the contest which has dethroned
monarchs and given liberty to the people or en-
slaved them by establishing despotism. What,
then, are the crimes of the President?
They are four in number.
1. He assumed and attempted, in violation
of the Constitution, to exercise the power of
removing from office the Secretary of War
when there was no recess of the Senate, and
without their advice or consent.
2. He assumed and attempted to exercise
the power of removal in violation of the teu-
ure-of-office law.
3. He assumed and attempted to exercise
the right to appoint an ad interim Secretary
of War when no vacancy had arisen in any
mode recognized by the Constitution or law.
4. He assumed the unauthorized right to
adjudge the tenure-of-office law unconstitu-
tional and refused to faithfully execute it,
although he is clothed with no judicial power.
The attempt of the President to remove the
Secretary of War is not an indictable offense
under the tenure-of-oflice law. The articles
of impeachment founded on this attempt or
the order of removal will show no indictable
crime. J have examined that act of Congress
critically, and no lawyer will controvert what
I say. The signing of a letter of appointment
is indictable, but not the issuing of an order
of removal. (See section six of the act.) And
this shows the absurdity of the claim that no
act is impeachable unless indictable. But his
conduct constitutes impeachable crimes.
A statement of these crimes, in view of the
facts and the law presented, requires no ex-
tended argument.
If the power of removal exists in the Presi-
dent alone when the Senate is in session, it
has been hitherto unknown and unexercised.
It is a terrible power, and one which would
make the President a dictator. In the absence
of any law for a temporary or ad interim
appointment, the President could vacate every
office, and leave them vacant until the Senate
would accept his nominees, if he may right-
fully exercise the imperial power which he now
claims.
Sir, it never (vas intended by the framers of
the Constitution that tho whole nation was to
be made dependent on the imperial rule of one
despotic master.
The President's act is a clear violation of
the tenure-of-offiee law. It declares that every
person holding office with the assent of the
Senate shall continue to hold until a successor
is appointed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. By this law the rule of the
Constitution, when the Senate is in session, is
applied to cases when the Senate is not in ses-
sion. It makes the same law in both cases.
The President has disregarded this law and
said it should not be obeyed. And what is his
excuse or pretended justification? It is said
he adjudges the law unconstitutional. But I
deny his power to do this. By tho Constitu-
tion all judicial power is vested in the courts,
(article three,) except that judicial power ex-
ercised by the Senate in eases of impeach-
ments. He did not appeal to the courts, but
took the decision into his own hands,in disre-
gard alike of the law of Congress and of the
courts.
It is said the tenure-of-office law does not
apply to the case of the Secretary of War be-
cause he was not appointed by President John-
son. The proviso to the first section is :
" That the Secretaries of Sinte, of theTrca^nry, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Pos! master
General, and the Attorney General shall hold their
offices respectively tor and during the term of the
President by whom they may have been appointed,
and lor one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
The Secretary of War and of State were ap-
pointed by President Lincoln during his first
term as President, and have continued in office
ever since.
The Postmaster General, Attorney General,
and Secretary of the Interior were appointed
by President Johnson.
When the tenure-of-office bill was before
Congress the Senate insisted on exempting
from its provisions the Cabinet officers. The
House insisted on making them subject to its
provisions, differing from other officers only
in this, that their terms should expire at the
end of one month after a President should be
elected who did not appoint them. Congress
expressly intended that, the Secretary of Wat-
should not be removable by President John-
son, and the necessity for this was apparent in
the known treaeheiy of the President.
It is unreasonable to suppose Congress would
leave the President with discretionary powers
over this office.
It is said that as President Johnson did not
appoint Mr. Stanton that he can be removed at
or following the expiration of a month after—
"The term of the President by whom ho was ap-
pointed''—
and that President Lincoln's term expired with
his death on the loth April, 1865. But his
term did not expire then.
The Constitution fixes the term at four years:
"lie shall hold liis office during the term of four
years."
Now, whether he hold his office or not, his
term is four years' time, and this is the period
covered by the tenure-of-office' law when it
says that Cabinet officers shall hold during—
"The term of the President by whom they may have
been appointed."
Any otherconstruction ofthe proviso involves
manifest absurdities. To hold that it does not
apply to the Secretary of War is to say that he
and the Secretary of State and the Navy, all
appointed during President Lincoln's first terra,
and never reappointed, will continue indefi-
nitely in office, while the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, Postmaster General, and Attorney Gen-
eral, appointed by President Johnson, will go
out of office one mouth after the term of the
next President-elect would begin.
To hold that the proviso applies to some but
not all the Cabinet officers is to say that the
term of office of every Cabinet officer appointed
by President Lincoln expired one month after
his decease on the 15th April, 1865, and had
the retrospective effect of declaring them not
to be officers from May 15, 1865, to March 2,
1867.
The proviso to the first section makes no
distinction among Cabinet officers in office when
the law was passed. It was not designed so
much to protect the appointees of President
Johnson as those he did not appoint. It put
all on the same footing, and each is to be gov-
erned by the same law. As to each we may
apply the rule of construction, nosciter a sociis.
if the construction contended for be correct,
then all tho multitude of officers in office when
the law passed who had been appointed by
President Lincoln are subject to removal by
President Johnson in the same manner as the
President claims he inay remove Mr. Stanton,
and this is precisely the evil, among others, the
law was designed to prevent.
But if we could palliate the assumption by the
President of a judicial power to pass on the con-
stitutionality of the law, and then excuse his
motives in its violation, the unheard of usurp-
ation in removing from office in utter disre-
gard of the Constitution, and while the Senate
is in session, is without excuse, palliation, or
parallel. It is one of the many outrages which
we have so patiently borne, which we have so
long endured, that the President imagined
there was no retribution for any usurpation of
which he might be guilty.
In attempting to appoint Lorenzo Thomas
ad interim Secretary of War, when no vacancy
had "happened" in any manner recognized
by Ihe Constitution or laws, the President was
guilty of a high misdemeanor.
There are only four acts of Congress to which
reference has been made in this connection.
They arc: act AugustlT, 1789, sec. 2, 1 U.S.
Stat., GO; act May 8, 17'.)2, sec. 8, 1 U. S.
Stat., 281 ; act Feb. 13, 1795, sec. 1, 1 U. S.
Stat. ,415; act Feb. 20, 1863, Sess. Laws, 656.
These provide as follows:
"That there shall be in the said Department (of
"War) an inferior officer, to be appointed by the said
principal officer, to bo employed therein as he shall
deem proper, and to be called the chief elerk in the
Department ot War, and who, whenever the mid
vrincipalofjleer shall be removedfrom oXlice by the Presi-
dent of the United States, or ill any other ease of va-
eaaey, shall, during such vacancy, have the charge
and custody of all records, books, and papers apper-
taining to the said Department.''—Act August 7,1780,
sec. 2, 1 U. S. Stat., 50.
"'That in case of the d< nth, absene.e from the seat of
Government, or siekfless of £/«?Seeretaryof State, H®6"
rotary of the Treasury, or of Secretary of the War
Department, or of any officer of eidber_oitoo saia
Departments whot-e appointment is not m the neaa
thereof, whero.bv they oannot perform the duties ot
i!h ir saidrespectivo offi. es, it shall be iawfui forthe
1'residentof the United States, in ease he shall thmk
it necessary,t  authorize any person orpersons,:at bis
discretion, to perform the duties ot th o sa d until
^^^nnH^Sr^hlfe^^retar,
