3744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
The committee reported an amendment to
this section in line twenty five, to strike out
the word k* except" and to insert "accept."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the following sections,
to which no amendments were proposed:
Sec. [8] 9. And be it further enacted, That every
distiller and eveiy person intending to engage in the
business of a distiller shall, previous to the approval
of Ins bond, cause to be made, under the direction
of the assessor of the district, an accurate plan and
de&eription, in triplicate, of the distillery and distill-
ing apparatus, distinctly showing the location of
every still, boiler, doubler, worm-tub, and receiving
cistern, the course and construction of all fixed pipes
used or to bo used in the distilleiy, and of every
branch thereof, and of every cook, or joint thereof,
and of every valve therein, together with every
place, vessel, tub, or utensil from and to which any
such pipe shall lead, or with which it communicates.
Such plan and description shall also show the num-
ber and location and cubic contents of every still,
mash-tub, and fermonting-tub, together with the
cubic contents of every receiving cistern, and the
color of each fixed pipe, as required in this act. Oue
copy ot said plan and description shall bo kept dis-
play ed in some conspicuous place in tho di&ulleiy;
two copies shall be furnished to the assessor ot the
district, one of which shall bo kept by hi in and tnc
other transmitted to the Commissioner ot internal
Revenue. The accuracy of every such plan and
desciiption shall be verified by the assessor, the
draughtsman, and the distiller; and no alteration
shall be made in such distillery without tho consent,
in writing, of the assessor, which alteration shall be
shown on the original or bya supplemental plan and
description, and a reference thereto noted on the
ongmal, as the assessor may direct; and any supple-
mental plan and description shall be executed and
preserved in the Miuie manner as the original.
Skc. [9] 10. And bat Jurther enacted That immedi-
ately after the passage ot this act every assessorshall
proceed, at theexpense ot tho United Stales, with the
aid of some competent and skillful person, to be
deMgnated by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, to make survey of each distillery registered
or intended to be legistered for the production ot
spirits in his district to estimate and determine its
true pioducing capacity, and in like manner shall
estimate and determine the capacity of any such
disnliery as may heicafter be so registered m t>aid
district, a written report of which shall bo made in
triplicate, signed by the assessor and the peison
aiding in making the same, one copy of which shall
be furiiislied to the distiller, one retained by tho
assessor, and the other immediately transmitted to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. If the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall at any tune be
satished that such report of the capacity of a dis-
tillery is m any respect incorrect or needs revision,
he shall diiect the assessor to tnako in like maimer
another survey of said distillery ; the report ot said
survey shall bo executed in triplicate and deposited
as hereinbefoie provided. And, in like manner and
under like restrictions and provisions, there shall
be ascertained, recorded, and reported the capacity
of every establishment now existing, or that may
be hereafter commenced, for redistilling distilled
spints.
Skc. [10] 11. And be it further enacted, Thatafterthe
passage of this act it shall not be lawful for any as-
sessor to assess a special tax upon any distiller, or
for the collector to collect the same, or for any dis-
tiller who has heretofore paid a special tax as such
to continue the business of distilling until such dis-
tiller shall have given the bond required by this act,
and shall have complied with the provisions ol law
having leference to the registration and survey of
distilleries, and having reference to the airangeinent
and construction of distilleiies, and tho prem.ses
connected therewith, in manner and as requiied by
this act; nor shall it be lawiul for any assessor of
internal revenue to assess, or for any collector to
collect, any special tax for distilling on any premises
distant less than six hundred feet from any premises
used fcr rectifying, nor shall any assessor assess
or collector collect any special tax for rectifying
distilled spirits on any premises distant less than
six hundred feet f rom any distillery when the dis-
tillery and rectifying establishments are occupied
and used by different persons; norshallthe processes
of distillation and rectification both be carried on
within the distance of six hundied feet. In ail cases
where a distillery and rectifying establishment, dis-
tant the one from the other less than six hundred
feet are occupied and used by the same person said
person shall tiave the righi to elect which business
shall bediscontiucd at that place. In all cases wiiere
rectifying or distilling sbaL be discontinued under
the provisions of this section, and the time for which
the special tax for rectifying or distilling was paid
remains unexpired, the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to refund out of any money m
the Treasujy not otherwise appropriated, on requi-
sition of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, a
proportionate part of any sum originally paid for
special tax therelor, which shall be in suchiatioto
the whole sum paid as the unexpired time for which
special tax was paid shall bear to the whole term for
which the same was paid. Any collector or assessor
of infernal revenue who shall fail to perform any
duty imposed by this section, or shall assessor collect
any special tax m violation ol its provisions, shall be
liable to a penalty of for each offense.
Skc. [11] 1 J. And be it Jurther enacted. That no person
shall use any stil.. boiler, or other vessel for the pur-
pose of distill ng in any dwelling-house, nor in any
shed, yard, or inclosure connected with any dwelling-
house, nor on board of any vessel or boat, nor in any
building or on any premises where beer, lager beer,
ale, porter, or other fermented liquors, vmecrar or
ethei are manufactured or produced, or where sugars
or sirups are refined, or where liquors of any descrip-
tion are retailed, or where any other business is car-
ried on; and every person who shall use any still,
boiler, or other vessel lor tho purpose of distilling,
as aforesaid, in any building orother premises where
the above specified articles are manufactured, pro-
duced, refined, or retailed, or other business is car-
ried on, or on board of any vessel or boat, or in any
dwelling-house or other place, as aforesaid, or shall
aid or assist therein, or who shall cause or procure
tho same to be done, shall, on conviction, be fined
$1,000, and imprisoned for not less than six months
nor more than two years, in the discretion of the
court: Provided, That saleratus may be manufac-
tured, or meal or flour ground from grain in any
building or on any pieraises where spints are dis-
tilled; but such meal or Hour only to be used for
distillation on the prcmisos.
Mr. CORBETT. Are these provisions to
be disposed of as we go along?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
order of the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that this
is a very singular provision :
That saleratus may be manufactured, or meal or
flour ground from grain in any building or on any
premises where spints aro distilled; but such meal
or flour only to be used for distillation on tho prem-
ises.
Mr. SHERMAN. As soon as the amend-
ments of the committee are disposed of, the
whole bill will be open to amendment, and
the Senator can then move to amend that pro-
vision of the bill, although that provision is a
necessary part of any tax bill because they
must grind their grain at the distillery. Still,
it will all be open to amendment at another
stage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The read-
ing of the bill will be proceeded with.
The Chief Clerk read the next section, as
follows :
Sec. [12] 13. And be it further enacted, That there
shall bo assessed and collected monthly, iu tho same
manner as other taxes are assessed and collected, on
every registered disulleiy having an aggregate capa-
city for mashini? and fermenting twenty bushels of
grain or less, or sixty gallons of molasses or less, in
twenty-four hours, two dollars per day ; and two
dollais per day for every twenty bushels of grain or
sixty gallons of molasses of said eapacity in excess
ot twenty bushels of grain or sixty gallons of mo-
lasses in twenty-four hours. But any distiller who
shall stop work, as provided by this act, shall pay"
only two dollars per day during the time the work
shall be so suspended in his distillery.
The Committee on Finance reported several
amendments to this section. The first was in
lines two, three, and four, to strike out the
words '"in the same manner as other taxes aie
assessed and collected, on every registered
distillery having," and to insert " from every
auihorized distiller whose distillery has."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven, after
"hours" to insert "a tax of;'' and after
'"day" to insert '' Sundays excepted and
in line eight to insert the words "a tax of"
before "two."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve, to
strikeout "stop" and to insert "suspend."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [13] 14. Andbe it further enacted, Thatanyper-
son who shall manufacture any still, boiler, or other
vessel, to be used lor the purpose ot distilling, shall,
before the same is removed from the place of manu-
facture, notiiy in writing the as-essor of the district
in which such still, boiler, or other vessel is to be
used or set up, by whom it is to be used, its eapacity,
and the time when the same is to be removed from
the place of manufacture; and no such still, boiler,
or other vessel shall be set up without the permit in
wiiting of the said assessor for that purpose; and
any person who shall set up any such still, boiler, or
other vessel, without first obtaining a permit from
the said assessor of t1ft district in which such still,
boiler, or other vessel is intended to be used, or who
shall fail to give such notice, id)all pay in eitherease
the sum of $500, and shall forfeit the distilling appa-
ra,tus thus removed or set up 111 violation of law.
No amendment being proposed to this sec-
tion, the next was read, as follows :
Sec. [11] 15. And be it farther eri'tcted. That every
distiller shall provide at his own expense aware-
house to be situated on and to constitute a part of
hl„8 Scullery piemises, to be used only for the storage
of distilled spirits, of his own manufacture, but no
dwelling-house shall be used for such purpose, and
no door, window, or other opening shall be made or
permitted in the walls of such warehouse leading
into the distillery or into any other room or build-
ing; and such warehouse, when approved by the
Commissioner ol Internal Revenue, on report of the
collector, is hereby declared to be a bonded ware-
house of the United States, to be known a.s a distil-
lery warehouse, and shall be under the direction and
control of the collector of the district, and in charge
of an infernal revenue storekeeper assigned thereto
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue ; and the
tax on the spirits stored in such warehouse shaJ bo
paid before removal from such warehouse, unless
removed in pursuance of this act.
The committee reported an amendment to
this section, to strike out the last words.
" unless removed in pursuance of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wished toinquire of
the chairman, while the twelfth section was
being read, as to the adoption in this bill of
the policy of having extraordinary taxes. Why
not in one sum fix the tax by the gallon? Here
is a tax in this twelflh section by the day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that this came
frpm the House, and we have modified it only
in language. The purpose of this section, so
far as 1 know, is to discriminate against very
small distilleries, so as not to encourage the
distillation ofspiritsexceptin distilleries where
the distillation amounts to the aggregate here
stated. It is not large. If 1 had my way in a
tax bill I would atleastquadruple the minimum
of this bill; but the committee did not see
proper to amend it as fixed by the House. As
a matter of course, if a little distillery with a
capacity of mashing only ten bushels of grain
should be started, it would have to pay two
dollars a day. To that, extent it would be a dis-
crimination against the very small distilleries.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It would cost that man
more than atio.her?  
Mr. SHERMAN. The purpose is to discour-
age, by this language, the very small distilleries.
1 will say to the Senator that I do not think
there are any distilleries in Indiana or Ohio
that have not the capacity of mashing twenty
bushels a day. I think it would make it more
effective if it were a tax upon distilleries hav-
ing less than a capaei'y of masnirig one hun-
dred bushels of grain a day. Then it would
probably discourage the distillation of small
distilleries.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed the tax was
evaded more frequently by large establishments
than by small ones.
Mr. SHERMAN. Large establishments have
evaded the tax in removal from bonded ware-
house for transportation or for rectifying. The
Senator will see that this bill is framed on tho
idea that no liquor shall be removed from the
place of distillation for any purpose except
after the payment of the tax.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand that
it is not to be removed for the purpofe of ex-
portation without paying tax?
Mr. SHERMAN, it is not to be removed
for any purpose without payment of tax, but
there is a provision that in case of exportation
iii a certain way a drawback shall be paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And it must b^exported
in order to get that drawback?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; it must be on
ship board ana cleaied for exportation, and then
the drawback is paid on the delivery, of a bond
to secure the boaa fide exportation. The Sen-
ator will find some fifry pages further on the
machinery by which whisky may be exported. *
There is no provision by which whisky can bo
got out, ot the distiilery warehouse except upon
payment of the tax on the basis of this act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is very objection-
able, I know, to many of the distillers in my
State. I have received many letters in regaid
to it and have sent some of them to the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that: but that
principle is adopted in framing the bill, and as
I a matter of coarse if that principle is abandoned
j the whole bill will have to be refrauied. The
j whole theory of this bill and the striking difier-
j ence between this and the present system is
  that under this bill no whisky of any kind can
