1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3745
be removed from the distillery warehouse with-
out payment of the tax, and the guards and
machinery provided are with a view to detect
and take possession immediately of distilled
spirits, put them in warehouse, and keep them
till the tax is paid.
• Mr. THUMB DLL. I suppose the commit-
tee have considered the objections that are
suade by manufacturers of whisky hi ^ the West,
where it is chiefly manufaetered, to this system
of requiring the tax to be paid there when the
market is not there, and the advantage that it
gives to other portions of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course we
have considered them fully. If the Senator
wants to raise the question at any time, I am
prepared to discuss it at length; but I am sat-
isfied, and I think the whole country is satis-
fied, and every officer of the Government is
satisfied, that it is utterly impossible to col-
lect the tax on spirits unless that tax is levied
at the place of distillation. That may be said
to be an axiom upon which we have based the
whole bill. If that axiom is overthrown, as a
matter of course the bill entirely fails. I do
not choose to go into the discussion unless
required to do so.
Section fifteen, now sixteen, was next read,
as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the owner, agent, or
suoerintendent of any distillery established as herein-
before provided, shall erect in a room or building to be
provided and used for that purpose, and for no other,
and to be constructed in the manner to be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, two or
more receiving cisterns, each to be at least of suffi-
cient capacity to hold all the spirits distilled during
the day of twenty-four hours, into which shall bo
conveyed all the spirits produced in said distillery;
and each of such cisterns shall be so constructed as
to leave an open space of at least three feet between
the top thereof and the floor or roof above, and of
not less than eighteen inches between the bottom
thereof and the lioor below, and shall be so situated
that the officer can pass around the same, and shall
be connected with the outlet of the worm or con-
denser by suitable pipes or other apparatus so con-
structed as always to be exposed to the view of the
officer, and so connected and constructed as to pre-
vent the abstraction of spirits while passing from
the outlet of the worm or condenser to the receiving
cisterns: such cisterns and the room in which they
are contained shall be in charge of and under the
lock and seal of the internal revenue gauger desig-
nated for that duty; and on the third day after the
spirits are conveyed into such cisterns the same shall
be drawn off into casks or other packages, under the
supervision of such gauger in the presence of the
storekeeper; and shall be immediately inspected,
gauged, proved, find the casl« or packages marked,
as herein provided by law, and be removed directly
to the distillery warehouse; and on speeial applica-
tion to the assessor or assistant assessor by the owner,
agent, or superintendent of any distillery, the spirits
may be drawn off from the said cisterns under the
supervision of the gauger at any time previous to
to the third day. All locks and seals required by law
shall be provided by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, at the expense of the owner of the distil-
lery or.warchou.se: and the keys shall be in charge
of the collector or such gauger as he may designate.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by striking out the words
"or other packages" after ''casks" in line
twenty-four.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
lines twenty-five, twetity-six, and twenty-seven
the words ''and shall be immediately inspected,
gauged, proved, and the casks or packages
marked as herein provided by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section sixteen, now seventeen, was read as
follows:
And be it farther enacted, That the door of the fur-
nace ot every still or boiler used in any distillery
shall be so constructed that it may be securely fas-
tened and locked. The fermenting tubs shall be so
placed 111 to he easily accessible to any revenue offi-
cer and each tub shall have distinctly painted thereon
in oil colors its cubic contents in gallons, and the
number of the tub. There shall be a clear space of
not less than 0110 loot around every wood still, and
not less than two feet around every doubler and
worm tank. The doubler, or doubler and worm
tanks, shall be elevated not less than one loot from
tlie Hour; and every fixed pipe to be used by the dis-
tiller, except for the conveyance of water, or of spent
masli or beer only, shall be so fixed and maecd as to
pipe for the conveyance of mash or beer shall be
painted of a red color; every pipe for the convey-
ance of low wines back into the still or doubler shall
be painted blue; every pipe for the conveyance ot
40tii Goxg. 2d Sess.—]STo. 235.
spirits shall be painted black; and every pipe forth1© '
conveyance of water shall be painted wnitc, If any
fixed pipe shall be used by any distiller which shall
not be painted or kept painted as herein directed, or
which shall be painted otherwise than as herein
directed, he shall forfeit the sumof $1,000, No assessor-
shall approve the bond of any distiller until all the
requirements of the law and all regulations made
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue in relation
to distilleries, in pursuance thereof, shall have been
complied with. Any assessor who shall violate the
provisions of this section shall forfeit and pay $2,000,
and shall be dismissed from office.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by striking out the words
" or doubler," after "doubler," in line ten.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section, seventeen, now eighteen,
was read, as follows;
Sec. IB. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son engaged in distilling or rectifying spirits, and
every wholesale liquor dealer and compounder of
liquors, and every keeper of a warehouse fordistilled
spirits, shall place and keep conspicuously on tho
outside of his distillery, rectifying establishment
place of business, or warehouse, a sign, in plain and
legible letters, not less than three inches in length,
painted in oil colors or gilded, and of a proper and
proportionate width, the nameor firm of thedistiller,
rectifier, wholesale dealer, compounder, or ware-
house keeper, with the words: "Registered distill-
ery." "rectifier of spirits," "wholesaleliquor dealer,"
"compounder of liquors," or "warehouse tor dis-
tilled spirits," as the case may be; and no fence or
wall of a heightgreaterthanfivefeetshall be ereeted
or maintained around the premises of any distillery,
nor shall the gate or door of such fence or wall be
kept locked or otherwise fastened, so as to prevent
easy and immediate access to said distillery; and
every distillery shall furnish the assessor of the dis-
trict as many keys of the doors of the distillery as
may be required by the assessor, from time to time,
for any revenue officer or other person who may be
authorized to make survey or inspections of the
premises or of the contents thereof; and said distill-
ery shall be kept always accessible to any officer or
ot her person having any such key. Any person who
shall violate any ot" the provisions of this section by
negligcn.cn or refusal, or otherwise, shall pay a pen-
alty of $500. Any person not having paid the special
tax, as required by law, who shall put up the sign
required by this section, or any sign indicating that
he may lawfully carry on the business of a distiller,
rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, keeper of a ware-
house tor distilled spirits, or compounder of liquors,
shall forfeit and pay $1,000, and, on conviction, shall
be imprisoned not less than one month nor more
than six months; and any person who shall work in
any distillery, rectifying establishment, warehouse,
wholesale liquor store, or in the store of any com-
pounder of liquors, on which no sign shall be placed
and kept as hereinbefore provided, and any person
who shall knowingly carry or convey .any distilled
spirits to or from any such distillery, rectifying estab-
lishment, warehouse, or store, or who shall knowingly
cairy and deliver any grain, molasses, or other raw
material to any distillery on which such sign shall not
be placed and kept, shall forfeit all horses, carts,
drays, wagons, or other vehicle or animal used m
carrying or conveying such property aforesaid, and,
on conviction, shall be fined not less than $100 nor
more than $1,000, and imprisoned no less than one
month nor more than sis: months.
The Committee on Finance proposed several
amendments to this section. The first ^was
after the words "compounder of liquors,7' in
line three, to strike out " and every keeper of
a warehouse for distilled spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six to
insert "or" before the words "place of busi-
ness," and after "business" to strike out "or
warehouse."
Tfce amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to irfsert the word
" or " before u compounder," in line ten, and
after " compounder" to strike oat " or ware-
house keeper."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was before "com-
pounder of liquors/' in line twelve, to insert
"or,1' and after " liquors" to strike out " or
warehouse for distilled spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in liaes fifteen and
sixteen to strike out the words nor shall the
gate or door of such fence or wall be kept
locked or otherwise fastened."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen
to strike out "distillery" and insert "dis-
tiller."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nineteen
before the word 1 'doors" to insert{(gates and.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was before the word
" provisions,"" in line twenty-six, to insert the
word "foregoing."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the words
"liquor dealers," in line tkirty-otie, to strike
oat "keeper of a warehouse for distilled spir-
its/' and in line thirty-six to strike
house.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was before the word
"carry," in line forty-one, to insert "know-
iagly receive at or,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-seven,
to strike out "aud" before "imprisoned,"
and insert " or be,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read as follows:
■Siac, 18, And be <U farther enaiGbed, That every per-
son making or distilling spirits, or owning any still,
boiler, or other vessel used for the purpose of distill-
ing spirits, or having such still, boiler, or other ves-
sel used under his superintendence, either as
agent or owner, or using any such still, boiler? or
other vessel, shall, from day to day, make, or cause
to be made, true and exact entry in a book or books,
to be kept by him, in such form as the Commissioner
of Internal Hevenue may prescribe, of the kind of
materials, and the auaiatity m pounds, bushels, or
gallons purchased by him tor the production oi spir-
its, from whom and when purchased, and by what
conveyance delivered at said distillery, together
with the amount paid therefor, the kind and quan-
tity of fuel purchased for use in the distillery, and
from whom purchased, the amount paid for ice or
water for use in the distillery, the repairs placed on
said distillery ordistiiling apparatus,thecost thereof
and by whom and when made; and in another book
shall ir.ake like entry of the name and residence of
each person employed in or about the distillery, and *
in what capacity employed, the quantity of grain or
other material used for the production of spirits, the
time of day when any yeast or other composition is
put into any mash or beer for the purpose of exciting
fermentation, the quantity of mash in each tub,
designating the same by the number of the tub, tho
number of dry inches, that is to say, the number of
inches between the top of each tub and the surface
of the mash or beer therein at the time ot yeasting,
the gravity and temperature of the beer at the time
of yeasting, and on every day thereafter its gravity
and temperature at the hour of twelve meridian;
also the time when any fermenting tub is emptied
ot ripe mash or beer, tho number ot gallons oi spirits
distilled, the number of gallons placed in ware-
house, and the proof thereof, and the number of
gallons sold or removed, with the proof thereof,
and the name, place of business, and residence of
the person to whom sold; and every fermenting
tub shall be emptied at the end of the fermenting
period, and shall remain empty tor a period ot
twenty-four'hours. On the 1st, 11th, and 23stdays
of each month, or within five days thereafter, re-
spectively, every distillery.shall render to the as-
sistant assessor an account in duplicate, taken from
his books, stating the quantity and kind of materials
used for the production of snirits cach day, and the
number of winegallons and of proof gallons ot spir-
its produced and placed in warehouse. .And the dis-
tiller or the principal manager of the distillery shall
make and subscribe the following oath, to be at-
tached to said return: , it
♦'j 1 distiller, (or principal manager as the
case may be,) of the distillery at   , do solemnly
swear that, since the date of the last return of the busi-
ness of said distillery, dated — day ot to — day
of , both inclusive, there was produced m said dis-
tillery, and withdrawn and placed m warehouse, the
number of wine gallons and proof gallons ot spirits,
and there were actually mashed and used in said dis-
tillery, and consumedin the distilling of spirits there-
in, the several quantities of grain, sugar, molasses,
and other materials, respectively, hereinbefore spec-
ified, and no more."
Thesaid booksshall alwaysbe kept at the distillery,
and be always open to the inspection of any revenue
officer, and, when filled up, shall be preserved by the
distiller for a period not less than two years there-
after, and whenever required shall be produced for the
inspection of any revenue officer, if any false entry
shall be made in either of said books, or any entry
required to be made therein shall be omitted there-
from, for every such false entry made, or omission, the
distiller shall forfeitaud pay a penalty of §1,000. And
if any such false entry shall be made, or any entry
shall be omitted therefrom with intent to defraud or
to conceal from the revenue officers any fact or par-
ticular required to be stated and entered in either oi
said books, or to mislead in reference thereto, or it
any distiller as aforesaid shall omit or refuse to pro-
vide either of said books, or shall cancel, obliterate
or destroy any part of either of sueh books, or any
entry therein, with intent to defraud, or shall permit
the same to be done, or such books, or either of tnern,
be not produced when required by any revenue omeer,
the distillery, distilling apparatus, and the Jot or tract
of land on which it stands, and all personal pioperty
of every kind and description on
used in the business there earriedon, shall be forfeited
to the United States. And any person making such
false entry or omitting to make any entry hereinbe-
fore required to be made, with tho intent aforesaid,
or who shall cause or procure the same to be done, or
