1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1607
peachment ofm-
  now pending, I will do
ui , uuw filming, x wju uu
impartial j ustice according to the Constitution and
laws. So holp mo God."
That is the form of the oath prescribed by
our rules. It is the form in which the presid-
ing officer of this body himself is sworn. It
is the form in which we all, thus far, have been
sworn. Au<ii-;o far as the rules are concerned,
I insist that they have already been adopted
and recognized by us._ So far as it is possible
during the condition in which we now are of
organizing ourselves for the discharge of our
judicial duty, I therefore make it a point of
order that the objection made to the swearing
in of Mr. Wade is out of order ; and also that
the motion of the Senator from Maryland, to
postpone the swearing in of Mr. Wade, is out
of order under the rules and under the Con-
stitution of the United States ; and I ask most
respectfully, but earnestly, that the President
of the Senate, the Chief J ustice of the Supremo
Court of the United States, now presiding in
the body, will decide this question of order and
without debate.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. I object to any further
debate.
Mr. DIXON. The very question before the
Senate is whether under this rule the Senator
from Ohio can be sworn.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I call the
Senator from Connecticut to order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Connecticut is called to order. The Senator
from Michigan has submitted a point of order
for the consideration of the body. During the
proceedings for the organization of the Senate
for the trial of an impeachment of the Presi-
dent the Chair regards the general rules of the
Senate as applicable and that the Senate must
determine for itself every question which arises,
unless the Chair is permitted to determine it.
In a case of this sort affecting so nearly the
organization of this body the Chair feels him-
self constrained to submit the question of order
to the Senate. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan state his point of order in writing?
While the point of order raised by Mr.
Howard was being reduced to writing at the
desk,
Mr. DIXON. I rise to a question of order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. A point of order
is already pending, and a second point of order
cannot be made until that is disposed of.
Mr. DIXON. I submit to the presiding
officer whether a point of order can be made
with regard to that question, and, with the
consent of the Chair, I will state 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair is of
opinion that no point of order can be made
pending another point of order.
Mr. Howard's point of order having been
reduced to writing—•
The CHIEF J USTICE. Senators, the point
of order submitted by the Senator from Mich-
igan is as follows: " That the objection raised
to administering the oath to Mr. Wade is out
of order, and that the motion of the Senator
from Maryland, to postpone the administering
of the oath to Mr. Wade until other Senators
are sworn, is also out of order under the rules
adopted by the Senate on the 2d of March,
instant, and under the Constitution of the
United States." The question is open to
debate.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, as I under-
stand——
Mr. DRAKE. I call the Senator from Con-
necticut to order. Under the rules of the
Senate questions of order are not debatable.
Mr. DIXON. I would remind the Senator
that when questions of order are referred to
the Senate for their decision they are always
debatable.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not so understand the
rules of the Senate. There can be a debate
upon an appeal from the decision of the Chair;
but there can be no debate in the first instance
on a question of order, as I understand the
rules of the Senate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair rules
40th Com. 2d Sess.—No. 101
that a question of order is debatable when sub-
mitted to the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. If I am mistaken in the
rules of the Senate on that subject I should
like to be corrected, but I think I am not.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Missouri is out of order unless he takes an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, if it is according
to the rules of the Senate debatable I have
nothing to say.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be
aware that when the Chair makes a decision
it is to be decided without debate: but when
it is submitted to the Senate our custom is
that it is debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON and others. Always.
Mr. POMEROY. But it is not always sub-
mitted to the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask leave of the Senate
to read the sixth of the general rules of the
Senate:
"If any member, in speakincr or otherwise, trans-
gress the rules of the Senate, the Presiding Oifieer
shall, or any member may, call to order, and when a
member shall be called to order by the President, or
a Senator, he shall sit down, and shall not proceed
without leavo of the Senate. Andeveiy question of
order shall be decided by the President without de-
bate, subject to an appeal to the Senate, and the
President may call for the sense of the Senate on any
question of order."
Mr. DIXON. I understand the sense of the
Senate to be as I supposed, and I take it I
have a right to proceed. How far I have a right
to discuss the general question I am somewhat
uncertain. I suppose that the question is now
presented merely in that different shape alluded
to by the Senator from Michigan yesterday
when he reminded the Senate that, after all,
this was in his opinion a question of order,
and ought to be so discussed. I take it, Mr.
President, the question now before this body
is, whether as a question of order of the orderly-
proceedings of this tribunal the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] can be sworn ; and it is upon
that question that I now propose to address this
body.
Mr. President, when I had the honor yester-
day of addressing this tribunal, and gave way
to a motion to adjourn, I was remarking that
the President of the United States was about
to be tried before this body in its judicial
capacity, whether called a court or not, upon
articles of impeachment presented by the
House of Representatives. If upon the trial
ho be convicted the judgment may extend
to his removal from office and to his dis-
qualification hereafter to hold any office of
profit or trust under the United States. How
far the judgment would extend in ease of his
conviction it is of course impossible for any
one now to say. In all human probability it
would extend at least as far as to his removal
from office; and, in that event, the very mo-
ment that the judgment was rendered the office
of President of the United States, with all its
powers and all its attributes, would be vested
in the Senator from Ohio, now holding the
office of President of this body. The office
would vest in the President of the Senate for
the time being. And the question for this tri-
bunal now to decide is whether, upon the trial
of the President of the United States, the per-
son holding the office of President of the
Senate, and in whom the office of President of
the United States, upon the conviction of the
accused, will immediately vest, can be a judge
in that case. That, sir, is the question before us.
Mr. SHERMAN. I very rarely call a Sen-
ator to order, but I feel it my duty on this
occasion to do so in regard to the Senator from
Connecticut. I think he is not in order iu the
discussion he is now pursuing. The point sub-
mitted to the Senate by the Chair, and to be
settled by the Senate, is whether or not it is in j
order to proceed with this discussion. While ]
that matter is being submitted to the Senate I
the Senator from Connecticut goes on and dis-
cusses the mainqucstionthatwasdiscussedyes- |
terday. It seems to me that in a tribunal like I
this each Senator should observe strictly the
rules of order. I therefore make the point of I
order on the Senator from Connecticut, and
hope the discussion will be confined to the point
of order which is submitted now to the Senate.
Mr. DIXON. If I may be permitted, I beg
to say to the Senate that I am attempting to
discuss the question of order iu what seems to
me a proper manner.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senatorfrom
Ohio makes the point of order that the Senator
from Connecticut, iu discussing the pending
question of order, must confine himself strictly
to that question, and not discuss the main ques-
tion before the Senate. In that point of order
i the Chair conceives that the Senator from Ohio
is correct, and that the Senator from Connec-
! ticut must confine himself strictly to the dis-
1 cussion of the point of order before the House.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I commenced
by saying that it was somewhat uncertain in
my own mmd how far it would be proper to go
into the general merits of this question upon
the point of order; but that I supposed it would
be proper to discuss the general question." And
I will now take the liberty to say to the presid-
ing officer of this body that if I were now com-
mencing this debate without the example of
those Senators before me who have already in
in the fullest manner discussed the pending
question, who, up to the time when I was per-
mitted the privilege of the floor, made 110 ob-
jection to a lull discussion—if I had commenced
before that example, I should perhaps con-
sider myself more strictly limited in the course
of my remarks than I feel myself to be with
that example before me. If permitted to
proceed without interruption, I will say frankly
to the Senate that I propose to go into the
general merits of the question whether the
President pro tempore of this body can be
sworn in as a judge in this case—the same ques-
tion which has been discussed by other Sena-
tors. If it is the opinion of the Senate that I
cannot go into that question, I certainly have
not that desire to force myself upon the atten-
tion of the Senate that I should insist upon
attempting to evade a rule. I should prefer,
therefore, that Senators would inform me, Or
that the Chair would inform me, how lar I may
proceed, and I certainly shall not willingly be
guilty of any impropriety. But I beg leave
again to remind the Senate that this strict rule
is applied to me after ten Senators at least have
fully discussed this question; and the Senator
who raises the question himself has spoken I
think at great length not less than three times.
Now, sir, if it is the will of the Senate that I
may proceed. I certainly shall be gratified to
do it. As I have already said, I have no desire
to proceed with constant interruptions upon
questions of order.
Mr. JOHNSON!. I believe the questions of
order raised by thfc honorable member from
Michigan are, that the Senator from Ohio has
a right to be sworn and that the Senate have
no right to ask that it should be postponed
even for a day. He places it upon the ground
that, bfting a Senator of the United States, he
is by the Constitution of the United States
made a member of the court. The argument
yesterday 011 both sides was an attempt to show
the affirmative and the negative of that propo-
sition. Whether it is in order to object to his
being sworn necessarily involves the question
whether, under the Constitution, he has a right
to be sworn. The honorable member made
another question of order, or, rather, made it
part of his lirst question of order, that these
points are to be decided without debate. You,
Mr. Chief Justice, have held that, as you have
submitted the questions to the deliberation
and decision of the Senate, they may be de-
bated. Ail questions of order, when submitted
; by the Presiding Officer himself to the Senate,
I or when they are brought before the Senate by
an appeal from his decision, are always open
j to debate. Then what is to be debated under
: the question of order, which is, that there is
; 110 right to object to the honorable member,
I from Ohio taking the oath as a member of
j this court? I suppose whether he has that
! right. The objection that the right is a mat-
