18®
AFPMWX TO THE (JONGBESSIONAk 'GLOBE,
[February 24,
Ho, of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Golladay.
40th Cong....2d
public interest are his highest laws, far above
any statute regulations. Advised by the high-
est authority that the laws could not be faith-
fully executed with Mr. Stanton in the War
Department, his constitutional oatlt required
him to remove the obstruction. He would
have been guilty of gross neglect of dutv 'if he
had failed to do so. He .committed no crime
or misdemeanor in the act, and any intent so
to do is repelled, by every .circumstance in the
case. The Constitution is his highest law., and
so far from violating it he has vindicated its
supremacy, and shown his love for its pro-
visions. Mr. Jay, in No. 64 of the Federalist,
i that—
"All constitutional acts of power, whether in the
executive or in the judicial department, have as
much legal validity and obligation a3 if they pro-
ceeded from the Legislature."
Mr. Johnson in selecting a constitutional ad-
viser of his own, was carrying out the policy
of every President from Washington down to
Lincoln. He sought to violate no law, and
made resort to the "ulterior measure" to
which General Sherman made reference in his
lette#, and strictly following the Constitution
as he did, according to the high authority of
Mr. Jay, his act is as valid ana binding as if
approved by both Houses in Congress. While
it may be doubted whether a simple ministe-
rial Or Executive officer has the right to question
the constitutionality of an act it is his duty to
execute, unless his personal rights are thereby
invaded, it is manifest that in this case Mr.
Johnson's personal rights were invaded, and
he had absolute power to test the binding force
of the tenure-of-office act in the courts, and
pursued the only course by which he could
have done so. One of his personal rights is
to select his own constitutional advisers.
This act sought to deprive him of it, and
force him to retain a man in his Cabinet in
whose opinions he had no confidence, with
whom he could hold no personal intercourse,
and whose removal was required for the public
good. This gave him a clear and undoubted
right to pursue his remedy in the courts of the
land. He has attempted no other procedure.
With dignified forbearance he has avoided all
rash methods of getting his offensive and re-
bellious minister out of the Cabinet; he has
attempted no violence, has made no resort to
military force, has violated no law, but, with
the integrity of a good citizen, has made sim-
ply an effort to have our judiciary define and
construe the law; and, when defined and con-
strued by the only tribunal to which the power
is given under the Constitution, no man in the
country will obey the decision of the court
and more cheerfully adapt his action thereto
than the President. I am sustained in my as-
sertion of the right of the President to select
his own Cabinet, not only by numerous prece-
dents ill the history of former Administrations
in this country, but by Mr. Hamilton, the great-
est expounder of our fundamental law. In
No. 66 of the Federalist he says:
"It will be the office of the President to nominate,
and, with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint. There will, of course, be no exertion of
choice on the part of the Senate. Til oy may defeat
one choico of the Executive and oblige him to make
another, but they cannot themselves choosc; they
can only ratify or rejeot the choico he may lutve
made. They might even entertain a preference to
some other person at the very moment they were as-
senting to the one proposed, because there might be
no positive ground of opposition to him; and they
could not oe sure, if they withheld their assent, that
lhcsubscquentnomination would fall upon their own
favorite, or upon any other person in their estima-
tion more meritorious than tho one rejected. Thus
it could hardly happen that the majority of the
benate would feel any othei complacency toward the
object of an appointment than such as the appear-
ances of merit might inspire and proofs of the want
of it destroy."
If to fetter the President in his selection of
a Cabinet by partisan legislation is not to fAoose
for him—a choice, too, made not only on the
part of the Senate, but of this House, also—then
words have lost their power and language its
meaning. Again, Mr. Speaker, it is tho duty
of the President to protect his prerogatives
from illegal invasion, and stern dictates of self-
defense made -his recent action an imperative
necessity. Elected by the Republican Jiirty,
a Republican himself this day, for aught I knpw
to the contrary, the vengeful course of his patty
friends toward him, their insidious effort's to
so change the policy of our country as to strip
the Executive of power, that it might be exer-
cised by the Legislature—efforts, too, that are
not dictated by honest conviction of their wis-
dom, but rather by fanaticism and personal
hatred of the President—constitute a large part
of the history of our legislation for the past
two years. The experience of all forms of
democratic government teaches us how great
is the propensity of the legislative to usurp the
power of the executive department of the Gov-
ernment. To again quote from Mr. Hamilton,
in the Federalist, No. 78, we find :
" The propensity of tho legislative department to
intrude upon the rights and to absorb the powers of
the other departments has been already more than
once suggested; the insufficiency of a mere parch-
ment delineation of the boundaries of each has also
been remarked upon, and tho necessity of furnishing
each with constitutional arms for its own defense has
been inferred and proved. Prom these clear and indu-
bitablo principles resulted tho propriety of a negative,
either absolute or qualified, in the Executive upon the
acts of tho legislative branches. Without tho ono or
the other the former would bo absolutely unablo to
defend himself against the depredations of the latter.
He might gradually bo stripped of his authority by
successive resolutions or annihilated by a single vote,
and in the one mode or tho other tho legislative ana
executive powers might speedily come to be blended
in the same hands. It oven no propensity had ever
discovered itself in tho legislative body to invade the
rights of the Executive, the rules of just reasoning and
theoretic propriety would of themselves teach us that
tho one ought not to bo left at tho mercy of tho other,
but ought to possess a constitutional and effectual
power of self-defense."
How sadly prophetic these utterances of the
great statesman appear in the light of recent
events! Not satisfied with stripping the Pres-
ident of much of his power and concentrating
it in your own hands, taking away privileges
sanctified by custom and respected by law,
enjoyed, as they were, by all of his predeces-
sors, and never abused by him, you now seek
his annihilation by a "single vote." I pray
that passion may be still and reason remount
her throne, and that we are not traveling to-
day a road whose course will be reddened with
the blood of our citizens, made wet with the
tears of despairing widows and orphans, and
to be filled with the wreck and mire of our
once hallowed and glorious temple of liberty.
Mr. Johnson, for asserting his own rights, for
strictly heeding the Constitution and the laws,
and for defending the executive branch of the
Government from legislative encroachments,
is to be hurled from power and disgraced in
the eyes of the world. He knows full well
that—
*'Energy in the Executive is a leading character
in the dehnition of good government. It is essential
to the protection ol the community against foreign
attacks ; it is not less essential to tlie steady admin-
istration of tho laws, to tho protection of property
against those irregular ami high-handed eombina-
tionswhich sometimes interrupt llio ordinary course
ofjustiec, to tho security of liberty against theeoter-
prises and assaults of ambition, of faction, and of
anarchy. A leeble ISxecutive implies a feeble exe-
cution of ilie Government. A feeble execution is but
another phrase for a bad exeeutiou; and a Govern-
ment ill executed, whatever it may be in theory, must
be in practice a bad Government." {Federalist, No.
70.)
With these great truths firmly impressed
upon his mind, it was tho bounden duty of
Andrew Johnson, a duty required by his sol-
emn oath, to protect the Constitution, a duty
he owed to the American people and the friends
of liberty and popular government throughout i
the world, to protect his office from usurpa- j
tion and defend himself from illegal attacks j
upon his rights as the Chief Executive Officer |
of the nation ; and, so far from having been i
guilty of either a crime or misdemeanor, his :
action is worthy of our highest commendation,
and for it his memory will be held in grateful
consideration by those who really desire the
perpetuity of our institutions. And 1 fear, i
too, that the probable action of this House
will furnish another argument to the enemies
of representative government of the instability
of freedom and the folly of vesting/power in
the hands of the whole people by giving evi-
dence of the want of wisdom in its exercise
and making manifest the fact that their - Rep-
resentatives are prone to be influenced fey party
faction and personal malice rather than by
written constitutions and the forms of law
their peers have enacted.
Mr. Speaker, I think I have shown bevond
all question—
1. That Andrew Johnson has committed no
high crime or misdemeanor; certainly none
which could in any just sense be regarded ad
an attack upon the Constitution or any law
passed in pursuance thereof, or that he has
infringed or abridged the personal rights of
any human being.
2. That in tho removal of Edwin M, Stan-
ton and the appointment first of General
Thomas ad interim, and the nomination of
Mr. Ewing to the Senate as Secretary pf War,
he exercised a constitutional prerogative, his
right to which in law and in fact is recognized
by Hamilton, Jay, Madison, Webster, and
others of our greatest statesmen, and which
has been exercised by all of his predecessors
in office from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the present time.
3. That Mr. Stanton is not protected and
kept in power by any just interpretation of the
tenure-of-office bill, as he was not appointed
or commissioned by Mr. Johnson, but owed
his official existence solely to his sufferance,
which he had a right to withhold at any time.
4. That while the power of rejecting a pres-
idential nomination to office is clearly a right
of the Senate, that body has no power to choose
for him, and, least of all, to force upon him as
a Cabinet officer a man with who.rn he can
hold no friendly or confidential, personal or
official, intercourse.
5. Thathis official and personal rightto defend
the executive from legislative encroachments is
not only inferable from the very nature of tke
trust committed to him, but conceded and es-
tablished by every sound writer upon consti-
tutional law.
Q. That the tenure-of-office bill, as admitted
by its framers, was not designed to protect Mr.
Stanton, and cannot be construed to a mean-
ing opposite the intention of those who framed
and passed it.
Mr. Speaker, I have now grouped together
all the points that in my judgment bear upon
this partisan iniquity for the purpose of show-
ing to this House and the eouutry the mis-
erable and unfounded pretense set up by the
calumniators and persecutors of the President.
No sane, unprejudiced man can for a mo-
ment doubt that all this 11 much ado about
nothing" has its origin in virulent party ma-
lignity, and every pretense of legal argument
or constitutional precedent proposed by these
high-handed impeachers is but the dust under
cover of which they hope to make an escape
from that just public condemnation which
awaits them at the hands of the sober, calm
reflection of the whole Ainei icun people.
It is of but little consequence to the Amer-
ican people whether Mi. Stanton, General
Thomas, or Mr. Ewing is the Secretary of
War, but the precedent to be established by
eongressional usurpation is altogether a differ-
ent proposition.
_ Reflecting men have witnessed with pain the
bitter contest which has been for nearly two
years going on in the ranks of the Republican
party between its President and its party dicta-
tors—tiie congressional majority. The Presi-
dent has seen fit, to think for himself, and threw
himself in every constitutional manner in the
way oi their vindictive and oppressive legisia-
| tion. and they do not hesitate 'to denounce him
j in unmeasured terms as " trailer," "culprit."
I "gieafc criminal,'' <Lc., for it. Indeed, (hey
