3746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
whoshail fraudulently cancel, obliterate, or destroy
any part oi said books, or any entry therein, or who
shall willfully fail to produce such books or either of
them, on conviction, shall be lined not less than $500
nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less than
six months nor more than two years.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by striking out after the
word "and," inline seventeen, the words "in
another book shall make like entry," and after
the word " employed," in line twenty, to insert
" and in another book shall make like entry."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty, before
the word ''gravity," to insert "quantity."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty, to
strike out " distillery," and insert "distiller."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty, after
the word "inspection," to insert "and examin-
ation."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty, to
strike out the word "or" between "premises"
and "used."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read as follows:
Sec. [10] 20. And be it further enacted. That on tho
receipt of tho distiller's first return in each month
the assessor shall proceed to inquire and determine
whether said distiller has accounted in his returns
for the preceding month for all tho spirits produced
by him; and to determine the quantity of spirits
thus to be accounted for, tho whole quantity of
spirits produced from the materials used shall be
ascertained; and forty-five gallons of mash or beer
brewed or fermented from grain shall represent not
less than one bushel of grain, and seven gallons of
mash or beer "brewed or fermented from molasses
whall lepre&ent not less than one gallon of molasses.
In caso the return of the distiller shall have been
less than the quantity thus ascertained, the distiller
shall be assessed for such deficiency at the rate of
titty ccnti for every proof gallon, and the collector
shall proceed to collect the same as in cases of other
assessments for deficiencies; but in no ca>eshall the
quantity of spirits relumed by the distiller, together
with the quantity so a&sesscd, be for a less quantity
of spirits than eighty per coat, of the producing
capacity of the distillery.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by striking out the words
'•proceed to?; before "inquire" in line three.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
u ascertained," in line seven, to insert "by
reckoning not less than twelve quarts of proof-
spirits for every bushel of grain used, nor less
than seven tenths of one proof gallon of spirits
for every gallon of molasses used."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"gallon," in line eighteen, to insert "and four
dollars for every cask of forty proof gallons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"distillery," at the end of the section to insert
"as estimated and determined by the provis-
ions of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section twenty of the House bill, now become
section twenty-one, was read, as follows:
Sec. [20] 21. And be it further enacted, That the
storekeeper assigned to any distillery warehouseshall
also have charge of the distillery connected there-
with; and, in addition to the duties required of him
as a storekeeper in charge of a warehouse, shall keep
in a book to be provided for that purpose, and in the
manner to be prescribed by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, a daily account of all the meal and
vegetable productions or other substances brought
into said distillery, or on said premises, to be used
for the purpose of producing spirits, from whom pur-
chased, and when delivered at said distillery, tho
kind and quantity of all fuel used, and from whom,
purchased, and of all repairs made on said distilleiy,
and by whom and when made, the names and places
of lesidence of all persons employed in or about the
business of the distillery, of the materials put into
the mash-tub or otherwise usedforthcproduction of
spirits, the time when any fermenting tub is emptied
of iipe mash or beer,recordingthesame bythenum-
ber painted on said tub, and of all spirits drawn off
from tbe receiving cistern, and the time when tho
same were drawn off. Any distiller or person em-
ployed in any distillery who shall use, cause, or pei-
mifc to be used any material for the purpose of mak-
ing mash, wort, or beer, or for the production of
spirits, or shall remove any spirits in the absence of
the storekeeper <.r person designated, to act as said
storekeeper, shall forfeit and pay double tho amount
of taxes on the spirits so produced, distilled, or re-
moved, and, in addition thereto, be liable to a pen-
alty of $1,000.
It was proposed to amend this section by
striking out the words "the business of" before
'1 tlie distillery," in line fifteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section twenty-one of the House bill, now
section twenty-two, was next read, as follows:
Sec. [21] 22. And be it further enacted, Thatevery dis-
tiller, at the hour of twelve meridian, on the third day
after that on which his bond shal 1 have been approved
by the assessor, shall be deemed to have commenced
and thereafter to be continuously engaged in the
production of distilled spirits in his distillery, except
in the intervals when he shall have suspended work,
as hereinafter authorized or provided. Any distiller
desiring to suspend work in his distillery may give
notice m writing to the assistant assessor of tns divis-
ion, stating when he will stop work; and on the day
mentioned m said notice said assistant assessor shall,
at the expense of the distiller, proceed to fasten
securely the door of every furnace of -every still or
boiler in said distillery, by locks and otherwise, and
shall adopt such other means as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall prescribe to prevent the
lighting of any fire in such furnace or under such
stills or boilers. The locks and seals, and other mate-
rials required for such purpose shall be famished to
the assessor of the district by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, to be duly accounted for by said
assessor. Such notice by any distiller, and the action
taken by the assistant assessor in pursuance thereof,
shall be immediately reported to the assessor of the
district, and by him transmitted to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. No distiller, after having
given such notice, shall, after the time stated therein,
carry on the business of a distiller on said premises
until he shall have given another notice in writing
to said assessor, stating the time when he willresume
work; and at the time so stated for resuming work
the assistant assessor shall attend at the distillery to
remove said locks and other fastenings; and there-
upon, and not before, work may be resumed in said
distillery, which tact shall be immediately reported
to the assessor of the district, and by him transmitted
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Any dis-
tiller, alter the time fixed in said notice declaring his
intention to stop work, whoshail carry on the busi-
ness of a distiller on said premises, or shall have
mash, wort, or beer in his distillery, or on anyprem-
iscs connected therewith, or who shall have in his
possession or under his control any ma&h, wort, or
beer, with intentto distill the same on said premises,
shall incur the forfeitures, and be subject to the same
punishment as provided for persons who carry on the
business of a distiller without having paid the special
tax.
It was proposed to amend this section by
striking out "stop" and insert "suspend"
before "work" in line ten and in line thirty-
five respectively.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted. That all distilled
spirits shall be drawn from the receivingeisternsinto
casks or packages, each of not less capacity than
twenty gallons, wine measure, and shall be immedi-
ately removed into the distillery warehouse, and shall
thereupon be gauged and proved by an internal rev-
enue gauger, who shall mark, by cutting on the cask
or package containing such spirits, in a manner to
be prescribed by the Commissioner ot Internal Rev-
enue, the quantity in wine gallons, and in proof gal-
lons, of the contents of such cask or package, and
shall, in presence of the storekeeper of the warehouse,
place upon the head of the cask or package an en-
graved stamp, whichshall be signed by the collector
of the district and the slorekeepet and gauger, and
shall have written thereon the number of proof gal-
lons contained therein, the name of the distiller, trie
date of the receipt in the warehouse, and the serial
number of each cask or package, in progressive order,
as the same shall be received from the distillery.
Such serial number for every distillery shall begin
with number one (No. 1) with the first cask or pack-
ago deposited therein after this act takes effect, and
no two or more casks or packages warehoused at the
same distillery shall be marked with tne same num-
ber. The said stamp shall bo as follows:
[Distillery warehouse stamp No. .]
Issued by , Collector, District, Stateof
 . Distillery warehouse of;—, 18—. Cask No.
 , contents gallons proof-spirit.
United States Storekeeper.
Attest:
United States Gauger.
And the distiller or owner of all spirits so removed
to the distillery warehouse shall on the 1st, 11th, and
21st days of eaeh month, or within five days there-
after, enter the same for deposit in such warehouse,
under such rules and regulations not inconsistent
herewith, as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may prescribe; and said entry shall be m triplicate
and shall contain the name of the person making the
entry, the designation of the warehouse in wnieh the
( deposit is made, and the date thereof, and shall be in
j form as follows:
[Entry for deposit in distillery warehouse.]
Entry of distilled spirits deposited by   , in
distillery warehouse  , in the • district, State
l of , on the — day of , A. D. .
And the entry shall specify the kind of spires, tho
•whole number of casks or packages, the marks and
serial numbers thereon, the nuraberof gauge or wine
gallons and of proof gallons, and the amount of the
tax on the spirits contained *n them ; all of which
shall be verified by the oath oraffirmation ot tne dis-
tiller or owner of the same attached to tpe entry?
and the said distiller or owner shall give his bond m
duplicate, with one or more sureties satisfactory to
tho collector of the district, conditioned that tbe Prin-
cipal named in said bond will pay the tax on the
spirits, as specified in the entry, or cause the same to
be paid before removal from said ui&ullery ware-
house, and within one year from the date of said
bond, untessthe same shall be removed by him from
said warehouse according to the provisions of this
act; and the penal sum of such bond shall not be less
than double the amount of the tax on such distilled
spirits. One of said entries shall be retained m the
office of the collector of- the district, one sent to the
storokcopcrin ehargeof the wareh-ousorto be^etained
and filed in the warehouse, and one sent with the
duplicateof the bond to the Commissioner of internal
Revenue, to be filed in his office.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by striking out the words
"or package" after "cask;" and "or pack-
ages" after "casks," wherever they occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
It was also proposed in lines fifty-nine and
sixty to strike out the words " unless the same
shall be removed by him from said warehouse
according to the provisions of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment w;>s to insert at this
point as section twenty-four, the following;
Sec. 24. And be it fnHher enacted, That any distilled
spirits may, on payment of the tax thereon, be with-
drawn from warehouse on application to the collector
of the district in charge of such warehouse, on mak-
ing a withdrawal entry, in duplicate, and in form as
follows:
[Entry for withdrawal of distilled spirits from ware-
house. Tax*paid.j
"Entry of distilled spirits to be withdrawn, on pay-
ment of the tax, from warehouse by ,
deposited on the day of , A. D. , by 
 , in said warehouse.
And the entry shall specify the whole number of
casks or packages, with the marks and serial num-
bers thereon, the number of gauge or wine gallons,
and of proof gallons, and the amount of the tax on
the distilled spirits contained in them: all oi which
shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of the
person making such entry; and on payment of the
tax the collector shall issue his order to the store-
keeper^ charge of the warehouse for the delivery.
One of said entries shall be filed in the office of the
collector, and the other transmitted by him to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section twenty-three of the House bill, now
section twenty-five, was next read as follows :
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted* That whenever
an order is received from the coll ectorfor the removal
from any distillery warehouse of any cask or pack-
age of distilled spirits, on which tax has been paid,
it shall bo the duty of the gauger by whom the same
is gauged and inspected, in presence of the store-
keeper, before such cask or package has left the
warehouse, to place upon the head thereof, in such
manner as to cover no portion of any brand or mark
prescribed by law already placed thereon, a stamp,
on which shall be engraved the number of proof gal-
lons contained in said cask or package, on which the
tax has been paid, and which shall be signed by the
collector of thedistrict, storekeeper, and gauger. and
whichshall state the serial number of the cask or
package, the name of the person by whom the tax
was paid, and the person to whom and the place
where it is to be delivered ; which stamp shall be as
follows:
[Tax-paid stamp No. .]
llcceived , IS —, from -
Ions proof-spirit, cask No. —,—
for delivery to at .
—, tax on gal-
• warehouse at ,
Attest:
Collector -
• District, State of -
United States Storekeeper.
United States Guager.
Whenever any ca-sk or package of rectified spirits
shall be filled for shipment, sale, or delivery, on tho
premises of any rectifier, who shall have paid the
special tax required by law, it shall be the duty of
a United States gauger to gauge and inspect the
same and place thereon an engraved stamp, which
shall be signed by the collector of the district and
the said gauger, and state the date when afiixod,
which stamp shall be as follow^:
[Stamp for rectified spirits No. .]
Issued by , collector  district. State
of .
   rectifier of spirits in the  district,
-State of , —1—, IS —.
U. S. Gauger.
"Whenever any cask or package of distilled spirits
shall be filled for shipment, sale, or delivery, 'on the
premises of any wholesale liquor dealer or com-
