1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
states that that debt amounted to four thousand
million dollars.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will my col-
league allow me to interrupt him at this point?
Mr. MORGAN. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
state that the claims to which Mr. Delano re-
ferred in the extract which has just been read
are claims for the destruction of and damage
to the property of the loyal people of this
country by the Union forces and the rebel forces
during the war. Now, does not my colleague
know that it never has been, and nevercanbe,
the practice of this nation to pay claims of that
character? This nation has never done it; no
other nation has ever done it. And, besides
that, if these are claims which are to be paid,
does not my colleague know that it is only
another evidence of the huge proportions of
the great Democratic rebellion which afflicted
this country through more than four years of
war, and in putting down which, I am proud
to say, my colleague did his duty with fidelity
and ability while in the service of the Union
Army?
Mr. MORGAN. I find, Mr. Chairman, that
the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Law-
rence] is in favor of compounding this floating
debt of four thousand million dollars, which
Mr. Delano declared to be a just debt, by
repudiating one half of the amount. I am
surprised, sir, to hear my honorable colleague
[Mr. Lawrence] say "that neither this nor
any other nation ever paid such claims." Why,
sir. does not the honorable gentleman know
that Congress made a very large appropriation
to meet the losses sustained by the citizens of
Ohio by the raid of John Morgan? Does not
he know that similar appropriations have been
made for the benefit of citizens of other States
for similar claims, and that the Journals of
Congress sustain me ill what I say?
Sir, it can be truly said of the Republican
party, as was once said by a learned historian
of England, that it is a party of " false pre-
tenses." The leaders of that party are at this
moment attempting to raise the cry of repu-
diation against the Democratic party. And
yet my colleague [Mr. Lawrence] here in his
seat avows his anxiety, or willingness, to do
that which is equivalent to the repudiation of
the outstanding claims against this Govern-
ment. This is Republican consistency. This,
sir, is an illustration of the conduct of that
party from the hour that its leaders inaugu-
rated the war, in the spring of 1861, down to
the present moment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will my col-
league assert, then, that ifthe Democratic party
should get the power in these Halls they will
pay for property damaged or destroyed in the
rebel States during the progress of the war ?
Mr. MORGAN. The Democratic party,
Mr. Chairman, has never known but one rule
of action—that of justice and right. And when
we are restored to power, as we are about to
be, by a patriotic but a betrayed and oppressed
people, we will closely and cautiously exam-
ine these claims, which Mr. Delano declared
to be just; and if his statement be found to be
true—and if not true it should not have been
made—that these claims are legal and just, we
will not repudiate one dollar of any claim which
ought to be paid. But lat me tell the gentle-
man what we will do. We will get upon the
track of the thieves and robbers who have, and
who are now plundering this Government, and
who are now urging their fraudulent claims
against it, and we will reject all such claims as
fraudulent, infamous, andcorrupt. But when
a claim is legal, just, and right, the Democratic
party, adhering to the principles of truth and
justice by which it has always been guided,
will do full justice between the peopleand the
Government.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I beg leave to
request my colleague to answer directly the
question I have put to him: will the Demo-
cratic party, if it should come into power, pay
for property damaged or destroyed in rebel
States during the progress of the war, prop-
erty of rebels as well as the property of loyal
men?
Mr. MORGAN. It affords me great pleas-
ure to answer my colleague. In answer, I will
give the gentleman the language of the chair-
man of the Committee of Claims of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, who stated that these claims
were the claims of none but loyal citizens, and
that they ought to be paid. And, sir, the Re-
publican party being in power with a two-thirds
vote in both branches of Congress, the respon-
sibility of determining how these claims shall
be treated rests with them, not with us.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I proceed to another
phase in the history of the Republican party.
While the great body of the people were honest
and patriotic, yet, as has been the fact in the
history of all free nations, demagogues abused
the misplaced confidence of the people and de-
ceived, robbed, and defrauded them. Sir, in the
history of the last eight years, there are many
things which deserve the careful consideration
of every citizen. For example, during the
three years which have elapsed since the over-
throw of the rebellion the leaders of the Repub-
lican party have wrung from the sweat and toil
of the people, by direct and indirect taxation,
more than sixteen hundred million dollars.
This is the fruit, the bitter fruit, of three years
of Republican rule in time of peace.
And now, sir, let us compare this wanton and
profligate extravagance oftheRepublican party
during the period of three brief years with the
administration of the Democratic party during
a period of seventy-three years—dating from
the incoming of the administration of George
Washington down to the close of the last fiscal
year of the administration of James Buchanan.
I call that the Democratic period, sir, because
even when we had an opposition party in con-
trol of one branch of the Government, the
Democracy controlled another branch, so as
always to be able to guard the national Treas-
ury against robbery.
Well, Mr. Chairman, the expenditures of
the Federal Government,, during the seventy-
three years preceding the first administration
of Mr. Lincoln, exclusive of sums paid upon
the public debt and trust fund, only amounted
to thirteen hundred and ninety-seven million
six hundred and eighty-five thousand one hun-
dred and thirty-four dollars, being more than
two hundred millions less than the Republicans
have expended during the insignificant period
of three years. And during that glorious,
happy, and prosperous period of seventy-three
years, it frequently became necessary to defend
the honor of our flag on distant seas and in
foreign lands. We had wars, but they were
not wars among ourselves; for Democratic
statesmen were always able to adjust all ques-
tions, sectional or otherwise, without resorting
to the dire and most accursed of all calamities,
a civil war, a war of brothers and of country-
men. But civil war came—it came with the
incoming of the Republican party, and, like
a thousand other monsters, it was the offspring
of that party. For certain it is, that had it not
been for the organization of a sectional party at
Chicago in 1800, in contempt of the warning of
Washington, there would not have been war.
Sir, I must not be misunderstood. The organiza-
tion of a sectional party was a defiance hurled
by one section against another section, and
had not that defiance been there would not
have been war. However, the responsibility
does not entirely rest upon the leaders of the
Republican party—the great body of the people
were not responsible—but it is divided by the
southern leaders who accepted the gage of
battle and appealed to the unreasoning god of
war, instead of to the patriotism and intelli-
gence of the American people at large; and the
devastation of their States, the destruction of
their towns and cities, and the loss of half a
million of their children in battle and in the
hospital, has been the dread penally of their
offense. But, sir, the war belongs to the dead
past, and I do not propose to disturb the tombs
of the dead. We have an actual, living, solemn
present, and a coming future which demand -
our serious and candid attention.
In 1860 the true value of all the property of .
every description in the United States was six-
teen thousand three hundred an3 twenty-nine
million six hundred and sixteen thousand and
sixty-eight dollars; and this sum included two
thousand million dollars, the value of slave prop-
erty which was destroyed by the war, and which
amount must be deducted from the aggregate
wealth of the nation as returned in the report
of the eighth census, thus making the actual
value of all the land, of all the cities, of all
the towns, of all the houses, of all the ships,
of all the steamers, of all the railroads and
their material, of all the manufactured goods
and raw material, of all the grain, and of all
the cattle in the land, fourteen thousand one
hundred and fifty-nine million six hundred and
sixteen thousand and sixty-eight dollars;
showing, according to Mr. Delano, that the
aggregate Federal debt is nearly equal to one
half of the actual wealth of the entire country.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will ray col-
league allow me ?
Mr. MORGAN. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If the Demo-
cratic party should get into power would they
regard the claim of southern slaveholders for
compensation for emancipated slaves as a just
and valid claim to be paid by the Government?
[Cries of " No! " on the Democratic side of
the House. ]
Mr. MORGAN. I renew the expression of
my obligations to my colleague for again pro-
pounding questions to me; and in answer to
his question I say undoubtedly not. I have
already remarked, sir, that the policy of the
Democratic party was at once wise, just, and
patriotic. We have nothing to do with the
dead carcass of slavery. The loss of slave
property was the forfeit paid by the people of
the South for allowing their leaders to join the
bad men of the Republican party in the North
in involving our country in civil war. The loss
was theirs ; let it remain theirs. That, sir, is
my answer.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I will return to the
question of the Federal debt; for although
an unpleasant subject, yet it is one which we
are compelled to consider. We have seen,
according to the chairman of the Committee
of Claims in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, that
the aggregate audited and floating debt of the
UnitedeStates amounts to the fearful sum of
six thousand five hundred million dollars 1
And how, sir, is that enormous debt—-the
handiwork and creation of the Republican
party—to be paid?
Let us try, sir, and measure that monster
debt by some standard which will convey to
the mind some idea of ita magnitude. By the
returns in the report of the eighth census it
appears that the actual wealth of the great
States of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and
Indiana, including every dollar's worth of
property owned by each citizen, amounted to
the sum of five thousand eight hundred and
fifty-four million four hundred and thirty-four
thousand four hundred and ten dollars; so
that if the leaders of the Republican party
had the power to drive the citizens of those
States from their homes, send them penniless
among strangers, sell all the property they had
left behind, and apply the proceeds of the sales
upon the payment of the debt, the Federal
Government would still owe the enormous sum
of six hundred and forty-six million ninety-four
thousand four hundred and seventeen dollars.
And for all this are the people indebted to
Republican domination.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it does appear to me
that a stupendous fact like this is worthy of the
calm and grave consideration without regard
to party. The simple question is, do the peo-
ple want reform? Do they desire a reduction
of taxation? Do they wish the burdens of
the (lover run en t lessened? For if they feel
that great evils do exist, then, sir, are they not
