3748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
tillery warehouse as provided by law t>r who shall
conceal or aid in the concealment of any spirits so
removed, or who bhall remove or s-hall aid or abet m
the removal of any distilled spirits from any dis-
tillery warehouse, or other warehouse for distilled
spirits authorized by law, in any manner other than
as is provided by law, or whoshali conceal, or aid in
the concealment of any spirits so removed, shall bo
liable to a peualtyof double the tax imposed on such
distilled spirits so removed or concealed, and shall,
on conviction,l>o fined not less than $200 nor more
than £5.000, and imprisoned not less than three
months nor more than three years.
The amendment proposed to this section
was in line twenty-six, to strike oat the words
"from a distillery/' and insert 41 on which the
tax has not been paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following sections were read, to which
no amendment was proposed :
sec. [3£>2 37. And be it further enacted. That no per-
son shall remove any distilled spirits at any other
time than alter sun-risnig and beiore sun-setting,
in any cask or package containing more than ten
gallons from any premises or building in which the
same may have been distilled, redistilled, rectified,
compounded, manufactured, or stored, and every
person who stuill violate this provision shall bo liable
to a penalty ol $100for each cask, barrel, or package
of spirits so removed; and said spiiits, together with
any vessel containing the same, and any horse, cart,
boat, or other conveyance used in tho removal
theieof, shall be forfeited to the United States.
sec. [$&}'&. AndbeitJurtherenacted, Thatanyper-
son who siuiUciddorcaaseto be added any ingredient
or substance to any distilled spirits beiore the tax
imposed by law shall have been paid thereon, lor
the purpose ot creating a fictitious proof, shall, on
conviction, be fined not less than $100 nor more than
$1,000 for each cask or package so adulterated, and
imprisoned not less than three months nor more
than two years, and every such ca3k or package,
with Us contents, shall be forfeited to tho United
States.
Si'X:. [37j&). Andbeit further enacted, That any per-
son who shall evade or attempt to evade tho pay-
ment of the tax on any distilled spirits, in any
manner whatever, shall lorleit and pay double the
amount of the tax so evaded or attempted to be
evaded; and any person who shall change or alter
any stamp, mark, or brand on any cask or package
containing distilled spirits, or who shall put into any
cask or package spirits ot greater strength than is
indicated by tno inspection mark thereon, or who
shall fraudulently u e any cask or package having
any inspection mark or stamp thereon lor the pur-
pose of soiling other spirits or spirits of quantity or
quality diifcrent lrom the spirits previously inspected
therein, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ^00 for
every ca^lt or package on winch the stamp or mark
is so changed or altered or which is so fraudulently
used, and, on conviction, shall be fined for each such
offouac not less than $100 noi more than $1,000, and
impnsoned not less than one month nor more than
one year.
Skc. USJ 40. And beii further enacted, That any per-
son who shall knowingly use any false weights or
measures in ascertaining, weighing, or measuring
tho quantities ot giain, meal, or vegetable materials,
molasses, bcei, or other substances to be used for
distillation, or who shall destroy, break, injure, or
tamper with any lock or seal which may bo placed
on any cistern-room or budumg, by the duly author-
ized otttcors of tho revenue, or shall open said lock
or seal, or the door to such cistern-iooui or building,
or shall in any manner gain access to_ the contents
theiL-iri in the absence of the piopor oilicer, shall, on
conviction, ho lim-d not than ^500 nor more than
£.">,000, and iiiipri.-.oiied not less than one year nor
more than three years; and any person who shall
uso any molasses, beer, or other substance, whether
let men ted on the premises or elsewhere, for the pur-
port of producing spirits, beiore an account for the
sanio shall have been icgisleied in the proper record
book provided for that purpose, s>hall forfeit and pay
the sum ot ^1,000 for each and every offense so com-
mitted.
Si.c. [30J 41. And be it further enacted, That it shall
bclawiullor any internal revenue officer to seizeand
detain any cask or package containing, or supposed
to contain, distilled spints when such oilicer has
reason to believe the tax imposed bylaw upon tho
same lias not been paid, or that the same is being
removed in violation of law; and every such cask or
package may be held by suoh officer at a sale place
until it shail be determined whether the property so
seized is liable by law to be proceeded against for
forfeiture; but such summary detention shall not
continue in any case longer than forty-eight hours
without process of law or intervention of the ofheer
to whom such seizure is to be reported.
Sec. U0] •!-. And be it further enacted, That no dis-
tiiieiyseiz,ed for any violation oflawshall bcreleasod
to thcclaimantor any intervening party before Judg-
ment, except in case of a distillery tor which the
special tax has been paid, and which ha^a registered
pioduciug capacity of one hundred antl fifty pi oof
gallons or more per daj.on showing by sufficient
alhdavit^ that iheio are hogs or other live stock, not
un- than tittv head in number, depending for their
iced on the products of said disrilleiy which would
suller injurj if the business of such distilJciy is
stopped; such distilleiy in that ease may be released
to the claimant, or any other intervening paity, at
the discretion of the court, on a bond to begiven and
approved in open court with two or more sureties lor
the full appraised value of all the pioperty seized,
which value shall be ascertained by three competent
appraisers to be designated and appointed by the
court. In case of the seizure of and judgment of
forfeiture against any distillery used or lit lor use in
the production of distilled spirits having a registered
producing capacity of less than one hundred and
lilty gallons per day, or of any distillery for the non-
payment of the special tax, the still, stiHs, uounler,
worm, worm-tub, and all mash-tubs and fermenting-
tubs shall be so destroyed as to prevent the use ol
the same or any part thereof for the purpose of dis-
tilling; and the materials shall be sold as m case ox
other forfeited property. , t „
sec. [41] 43. And be it farther enacted. That it shall
be the duty of every person who empties or draws on,
or causes to be emptied or drawn on, any distilled
spirits from a cask or package bearing any mark,
brand, or stamp required by law, at the tuneol empty-
ing such cask or package, to efface, and obliterate said
mark, stamp, or brand. Any such cask or package
from which said mark, brand, and stamp, is not so
effaced and obliterated, as herein required, shall be
forfeited to the United States, and may be seized by
any oilicer of internal revenue wherever found. Any
railroad company or other transportation company,
or person, who shall receive or transport, or have in
possession with intent to transport, or with intent to
cause or procure to be transported, any such empty
cask or package, or any part thereof, having thereon
any brand, mark, or stamp, required, by law to be
placed on any cask or packngo containing distilled
spiiits, shall forfeit §:>00 for each such cask or pack-
age, or any part thereof, so received or transported,
or had in possession with the intent aforesaid; and
any boat, railroad car, cart, dray, wagon, or other
vehicle, and all horses or other animals used in car-
rying or transporting the same, shall be forfeited to
the United States. Any person who shall fail or
neglect to efface and obliterate said mark, stamp, or
brand, at the time of emptying such cask or package,
or who shall receive any such cask or package, or any
part thereof, with the intent aforesaid, or who shall
transpoi t the same, or knowingly aid or assist therein,
or who shall remove any stamp provided by this act
from any cask or package containing or which had
contained distilled spirits, without defacing and
destroying the same at the time of such removal, or
who shall aid or assist therein, or who shall have in
his possession any such stamp so removed, as afore-
said, or have m his possession any canceled stamp
or any stamp which has been used, or which purports
to have been used, upon any cask or package of dis-
tilled spirits, snail be deemed guilty of felonv, and,
on conviction, shall be lined not less than $500 nor
more than $10,000, and imprisoned not iess than one
year nor more than five years.
Sue. |12j 44. And be it further enacted. That any
person who shall carry on the business of a distiller,
rectifier, compounder of liquors, wholesale liquor
dealer, letail liquor dealer, or manufacturer of stills,
without having paid the special tax, as required by
law, or who shall carry on the business of a distiller
or rectifier without having given bond as required
by law, or who shall engage in or carry on the busi-
ness of a distiller, with intent to defraud the United
States of the tax on the spirits distilled by him, or
any part thereof, shall, for every such offense, be
lined not less than &1,UU0 nor more than §5,000, and
imprisoned not less than six months nor more than
two years. And all distilled spirits orwines, and all
stills or other apparatus lit, or intended to be used,
for the distillation or rectification of spirts or for the
compounding of liquors, owned by such person,
wherever found, and all distilled spirits or wines
and personaUproperty found in the distillery or rec-
tifying establishment, or in the store or other place
of business of the compounder, or in any building,
room, yard, or inelosure connected therewith, and
used with or constituting a part of the premises; and
all the right, title, and interest of such person in the
lot or tract of laud on which such distillery is situ-
ated, and all right, title, and interest therein of
every person who knowingly has suffered or per-
mitted the businoss oi a distiller to be there earned
on, or has connived at tho same; and all personal
properly owned by or in possession of any person
who has permitted or suffered any building, yard, or
inelosure, or any part theicof, to be used for purposes
of ingress or egress to or from such distillery, which
shall be found m any such building, yard, or inelo-
sure, and all tho right, title, and interest of every
person in any promises used for ingress or egress to
or from such distillery, who Ins knowingly suffered
or permitted such premises to be used for such ingress
or egress, shall be forfeited to the United States.
message from tixe house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Seriate:
A bill (H. 11. No. 39) authorizing the Com-
missioner of internal Revenue to adjust the
accounts of Mark Howard;
A bill (H. R. No. 1326) for the relief of
Anthony Bucher ;
A bill (H. R. No. 13-3-4) to provide for the
issue of aims for the use of the militia ;
A joint lesolution (H. R. No. 305) in respect
to the construction of bridges over the Ohio
river;
Adjoint resolution (H. R. No. 325) relative
to the pay of the chief elerk iu the office of
i' the Sergeant-at- Arms of the House 5
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 323) in rela-
tion to surveys and examinations of rivers and
harbors; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 324) to extend
the time for the completion of the West Wis-
consin railroad.
The message also returned to the Senate in
compliance with its request the bill (H. B. No.
554) making a grant of land to the State oi
Minnesota to aid in the improvement of the
navigation of the Mississippi river; with the
amendment of the Senate thereto.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to
other amendments of-the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 605) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the
30th June, 1869, and agreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate with amendments ; asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the said bill? and appointed
Mr. Elihv B. Washburne of Illinois, Mr.
Columbus Delano of Ohio, and Mr. Charles
E. Phelps, of Maryland, managers at the same
on its part.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 505) to amend seetion five
of an act entitled u An act concerning the
registering and recording of ships or vessels,11
approved December 31, 1702;
A bill (H. R. No. 502) to incorporate the
congregation of the First Presbyterian Church
cf Washington ;
A bill (H. R- No. 503) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Todd;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 9C>) for the
relief of John Sedgwick, collector of internal
revenue, third district of California ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 321) in rela-
tion to the erection of a bridge in Boston harbor.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. FfiSSENDEN. I should like to have
a short executive session, and I suggest to the
honorable Senator from Ohio whether it would
not be as well to stop here.
Mr. SHERMAN. X have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that question is put
I should like to understand from the Senator
from Ohio whether he proposes an evening
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes. sir. I desire to
continue the reading of the tax bill, and the
consideration of the amendments of the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before put-
ting the question on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, the Chair will present some House
bills for reference.
house bills ueferued.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 30) authorizing the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue to adjust the
accounts of Mark Howard—to the Committee
on Finance.
A bill (H. It. No. 1326) for the relief ox
Anthony Bncher—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 1354) to provide for the
issue of arms for the use of the militia—to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A joint resolution (II. B. No. 305) in re-
spect to the construction of bridges over the
Ohio river—to the Committee on Post Olftces
and Post Roads.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 323) in rela-
tion to surveys and examinations of rivers and
harbors—to the Committee on Commerce.
A joint resolution (ii. R. No. 32-3) relative
to the pay ol the ehiel clcrk in the office of
the Sergeant-at,-Arms of the House—to the
Committee on Appropriations.
