1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1701
Mr. HOWARD. Very well, if that is the
understanding.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Wade,
who advanced and took the oath.
The Secretary then continued the call of the
roll, and the Chief Justice administered the
oath to Senators Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates, as their names were respectively
called.
The Secretary then called the names of Sen-
ators Doolittle, Edmunds, Patterson of
New Hampshire, and Satjlsbury, who were
not present yesterday; an<TMr. Saulsbury
appeared, and the oath was administered to him
by the Chief Justice.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. All the Senators
prfesent having taken the oath required by the
Constitution, the Senate is now organized for
the purpose of proceeding to the trial of the
impeachment of Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States. The Sergeant-at-Arms
will make proclamation.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Hear ye! Hear
ye I Hear ye! All persons are commanded to
keep silence on pain of imprisonment while
the Senate of the United States is sitting for
the trial of the articles of impeachment against
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Secre-
tary of the Senate notify the managers on the
part of the House of Representatives that the
Senate is now organized for the purpose of
proceeding to the trial of the impeachment of
Andrew Johnson.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Before putting that
question the Chair feels it his duty to submit a
question to the Senate relative to the rules of
proceeding. In the judgment.of the Chief
Justice the Senate is now organized as a dis-
tinct body from the Senate sitting in its legis-
lative capacity. It performs a distinct func-
tion ; the members are under a different oath;
and the Presiding Officer is not the President
pro tempore of the Senate, but the Chief Jus-
tice of ihe United States. Under these cir-
cumstances, the Chair conceives that rules
adopted by the Senate in its legislative capacity
are not rules for the government of the Senate
sitting for the trial of an impeachment unless
they be also adopted by that body. In this
judgment of the Chair, if it be an erroneous
one, he desires to be corrected by the judg-
ment of the court, or of the Senate sitting for
the trial of the impeachment of the President,
which in his judgment are synonymous terms,
and therefore, if he may be permitted to do
so, he will take the sense of the Senate upon
this question, whether the rules adopted on the
2d of March, a copy of which is now lying
before him, shall be considered the rules of
proceeding in this body. ["Question!"] Sen-
ators, you who think that the rules of proceed-
ing adopted on the 2d of March should be
considered as the rules of proceeding of this
body will say "ay;" contrary opinion, "no."
[The Senators having answered.] The ayes
have it by the sound. The rules will be con-
sidered as the rules of proceeding in this body.
The Senator from Michigan moves—will
the Senator have the goodness to repeat his
motion?
Mr. HOWARD. My motion is, that the
Secretary of the Senate notify the managers
of the House of Representatives that the Sen-
ate is now organized for the purpose of trying
the impeachment against Andrew Johnson,
and is ready to receive them. The Clerk will
be good enough to put it in form.
The Secretary read the order as follows:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate notify
the Ilouse of Representatives that the Senate is now
organized for the trial of the articles of impeach-
meni against Andrew Johnson, President of tho Uni-
ted States, and is ready to receive the managers of
the impeaehment at its bar.
The motion Was agreed to.
After a pause, and at thirteen minutes before
three o'clock, the managers of theimpeachment
on the part of the House of Representatives
(with the exception of Mr. Stevens) appeared
at the bar, and their presence was announced
by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The managers of
the impeachment on the part of the House of
Representatives will please take the seats as-
signed to them.
The managers having been seated in the
area in front of the Chair,
Mr. Manager BINGHAM rose, and said:
Mr. President, we are instructed by the House
of Representatives, as its managers, to demand
that the Senate take process against Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, that
he may answer at the bar of the Senate upon
the articles of impeachment heretofore pre-
ferred by the House of Representatives through
its managers before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I move for an order that
a summons do issue to Andrew Johnson, Pres-
ident of the United States, in accordance with
the rules which we have adopted—I refer par-
ticularly to the eighth rule—returnable on
Friday, the 13th day of March instant, at one
o'clock in the afternoon.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary
will read the order.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That a summons do issue, as required by
tho rules^ of procedure and practice in tho Senate
wh on sitting on the trial of impeachments, to Andrew
Johnson, returnable on Friday, tho 13th day of
March instant, at one o'clock in tho afternoon.
The order was adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate,
sitting upon tho trial of the impeachment, do
now adjourn until 
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will with-
aw his motion for a mon
an amendment to the rules
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an
amendment to the rules to strike out the last
clause of rule seven in tho following words:
The presiding officer may, in the first instance,
submit to tho Senate without a division all ques-
tions of evidenco and incidental questions: but tho
same shall, on tho demand of one fifth of tho mem-
bers present, bo decided by yeas and nays.
And in lieu of those words to insert:
The presiding officer of the court may rule all
questions of evicleneo and incidental questions, which
ruling shall stand as the judgment of the court uuless
somo member of tho court shall ask that a formal
vote be taken thereon, in which ease it shall be sub-
mitted to the court for decision; or ho may, at his
option, in tho first instance submit any such ques-
tion to a voto of the members of tho court.
I do not desire to press this amendment at
present if there is any disposition to debate it,
because it is desirable, I suppose, that the
court should now adjourn. I merely offer it
for the consideration of the court. Let it lie
on the table.
Mr. HOWARD. Then, Mr. President, I
move that the court, to use a brief expression,
adjourn to tho time at which the summons
just ordered is returnable—Friday, the 13th
instant, at one o'clock in the afternoon.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put
I should like to ask my friend, the Senator
from Rhode Island, who has brought forward
this amendment, whether, under the rules now
adopted, he regards it as debatable. By these
rules it is provided as follows :
"All the orders and decisions shall be made and
had by yeas and nays, which shall be entered on tho
record, and without debate, except when tho doors
shall bo closed for deliberation," &e.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have not read the rules
with reference to the question the Senator from
Massachusetts proposes to me, and as I do not
desire to press the motion at present 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. There is nothing
before the Senate, inasmuch as the proposition
of the Senator from Rhode Island is laid upon
the table. The question is upon the motion to
adjourn until Friday, the 13ih instant, at one
o'clock in the afternoon.
The motion was agreed to; and the phief
Justice thereupon declared the Senate sitting
for the trial of impeachments adjourned to the
time named and vacated .the Chair.
legislative session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore resumed the
chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. GRIMES. I mo.ve that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe I had the floor
at the expiration cfthe morning hour.
Mr. WILSON. No; I had the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had the floor at one o'clock, but at
one o'clock the unfinished business of yester-
day came up, and on the unfinished business
I had the floor.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that when the
Senate adjourn to-day i.t adjourn to meet on
Monday nsxt.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, Ther.e is
a question before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw my motion in
behalf of the motion of the Senator from
Maryland.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Maryland moves that when the Sen-
ate adjourn it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
Subsequently, on motion of Mr. MORRILL,
of Maine, the vote was reconsidered, and the
motion to adjourn over was negatived.
admission to impeachment trial.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move, if it is necessary
to make a motion, that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the order submitted by
me relative to admission to the galleries during
the trial of the impeachment case; but I pre-
sume it is before the Senate as unfinished
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Rhode Island moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the order pre-
sented by him relative to the admission of
persons to the galleries.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
submitted by the Senator from Rhode Island
is before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. When I was interrupted
yesterday by the arrival of the hour at which
the Senate was to proceed to the business of
impeachment, I was endeavoring to explain to
my friend from New York [Mr. Conkling]
the reason——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The per-
sons in the galleries must be as still as possible
in their movements. Those who are to go out
must go now, so as not to have the confusion
now prevailing there continue.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have the
attention of the Senator from New York for a
moment. I was endeavoring to explain to him
the reason why in this order I proposed the
aisles and steps should be kept entirely free,
and no more persons admitted to the galleries
than can be accommodated with entire com-
fort. An uncomfortable crowd is always ah
uneasy one and a noisy one. Besides, it is
utterly impossible for the officers to preserve
order and to check any disturbance in different
parts of the galleries unless they have free
access by the steps and by the aisles to all
parts of the galleries. And although it is not
of much concern that a few people should be
obliged to rise continually from the steps when
other persons wish to go out, it is a very great
disturbance to the proceedings below. I be-
lieve it will be impossible to have any order
in the galleries unless the steps and aisles be
kept entirely free.
But, sir, as the order which I have submitted
seems to meet with so much dissent, and as I
am not myself entirely satisfied with it, I move
that it be referred to the select committee that
reported the rules for the government of the
Senate when acting in cases of impeachment.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
message prom tii15 house.
A message from the House of Represents-
