1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8749
WEST WISCONSIN RAILROAD.
Thejoint resolution (H. R. No. 324) to extend
the time for the completion of the West Wis-
consin railroad was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWE. The Senate passed a joint res-
olution, of which this is a copy, the other day
upon the recommendation of the Committee
on Public Lands, and I see no necessity for
sending it to a committee. I hope it will be
passed now.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we may as well
pass it at once.
Mr. FJESSENDEN". I should like to have
the Senator state whether it is precisely the
same resolution that we passed the other day.
Mr. HOWE. I have read it, and I think it
is precisely the same, word for word. I was
told so by a member of the other House, and
such is my recollection. I have not compared
it, but I will compare it if the Senate will pass
it now, and if I find it not to be the same i will
move a reconsideration.
The joint resolution was considered as in
Committee of the Whole, reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 60o) making ap-
propriations for tha legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1869, disagreed to by the
House, and the amendments of the House of
Kepresentatives to other amendments of the
Senate ; and,
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
Revolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, a,nd disagree to the amendments of
the House to other amendments of the Senate thereto,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two houses thereon.
Ordered* That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Prcsidentprc tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr," Morrill of Maine, Mr. Howe, and Mr.
Hendricks, managers on thepartofthe Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, arid after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate, at five
o'clock p. m.. took a recess till half past seven.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
MESSAGE FROII THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhgrsos", its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 453)
increasing the pension of Nancy Weeks, widow
of Francis Weeks, a soldier of the war of
1812.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 869) prescribing
an oath of office to be taken by persons from
whom legal disabilities shall have been re-
moved, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 32G)
for the relief of Henry B. St. Marie, and a bill
(H. R. No. 396) for the relief of Samuel Tib-
betts; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
, OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the consent of
the Senate to concur in the amendment of the
House to the bill in regard to the oath of
office. It merely leaves out the words '' and
no other." I think there will be no objection
to concurring in it.
The Senate proceeded to consider theamend-
ment o f the House of Representatives to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 809) prescribing an oath of office to be
taken by persons from whom legal disabilities
shall have been removed; and the House
amendment was concurred in.
INTERNAL TAXES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 1284) to change and more effectually
secure the collection of internal taxes on dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend the
tax on banks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill will be continued.
'ihe Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill, as follows :
Sec. [43] 45. And be it further enacted, That every
rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, and compounder of
liquois, shall provide himself with abook, to be pre-
pared and kept in such form as r-hall be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and shall,
on the same day oil which ho receives any spirits,
and beiore he a hall dt aw oil" any part thereof, or add
water or anything thereto, or in any respect alter
the same, enter in such book, and in the proper
columns respectively prepared lor the purpose, the
date when, thenameof thcpeison or firm ho in whom
and the place whence the spirits were received, when
and by whom distilled, rectified, or compounded,
and when and by whom inspected, and, if in the
original package, the serial number of each package,
the number ot wine gallons and proof gallons, the
kind of spirit, and the number and kind of adhesive
stamps thereon; and eveiy such rectifier, com-
pounder, and wholesale dealer, shall, at the time of
sending out of his stock or possesion any spirits,
and before the same shall be removed from his
premises, enter, in like manner, in the said book,
the day when, and the name and place of business
of the person or linn to whom such spirits are to be
sent, the quantity and the kind or quality of such
spirits, arid the strength thereof; and also the num-
ber ot gallons and fractions of a gallon at pi oof; and
if in the original packages in which they were
received, he shali enter thennmc of thcdistiiler, and
t.he serial number ot the package. And every such
book shall be at all times kept in some public or open
place on the premise:- of such rectifier, wholesale
dealer, or compounder of liquors, respectively, for
inspection; and any revenue officer may make an
examination of such book and take an abstract
therefrom; and every sucn book, when it has been
lilled up as aforesaid, shall be preserved by such
rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, or compounder of
liquors, for a period not less than two years; and
during such time it shall be produced by him to every
revenue officer demanding the same; and if any
rectifier, wholesale dealer, or com pounder of liquors,
shall refuse or neglect to provide such book oi to
makes entries therein as aforesaid, or shall cancel,
alter, obliterate, or destroy any part of such book,
or any entry therein, or make any false entry therein,
or hinder or obstruct any rovonue officer from
examining such book or making any entry therein,
or taking any abstract therelrum; or if such book
shall not be preserved or not produced by any recti-
fier, or wholesale dealer, or compounder, as herein-
before directed, ho shall pay a penalty of &10U, and
on conviction shall be fined not less than $100 nor
more than bo,000, and imprisoned not less than three
months nor more than thiee years.
The Committee on Finance reported two
amendments to this section. The first was
in line ten, after the word "received," to
strike out the words " when and.15
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in line twenty-two,
after the word 4* spirits" to strike out the
words "and the strength thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the following sections,
to which no amendment had been reported:
Sec. [4-1] i6. And be it farther ennrtcd, Thai it shall
not be lawful for any rectifier of distilled spirits,
compounder of liquors, liquor dealer, wholesale or
retail liquor dealer to purehaso orieceive any dis-
tilled spirits in quantities greater than twenty gal-
lons from any person other than an authorized rec-
tifier of diatiUed spirits, compounder of hquois,
distiller, or wholesale liquor dealer. Any person
violating this section shali forfeit and pay SI,000:
Provided, That this shall not be held to apply to
judicial sales, nor to sales at public auction made by
an auctioneer who has paid a special tax as such.
Sec. [451 47. And be it fiuther enacted, That all dis-
tilled spints drawn from any cask or other package
and placed in any other cask or package containing
not less than ten gallons, and intended for sale, shall
be again inspected and gauged, and the cask orpack-
age into which it is so transferred shall be marked
or branded, and such marking or branding shall dis-
tinctly indicate the name ot the gauger, the time
and place of inspection, the proof of the t-pirits, the
particular name of such spirits as known to the trade,
together with the name and place of business of the
dealer, rectifier, or compounder, as the case may be;
and in all cases, exceptwhcie such spirits^have been
rectified or compounded, the name also of the dis-
tiller, and the distillery where such spirits weie pro-
duced, and the seiial number of the oiiginal pack-
age: a.nd the absence of such mark or brand shall be
taken and held as sufficient cause and evidence lor
the forfeiture of such unmarked packages of spinls.
The Ghief Clerk read section [forty-six]
forty-eight, as follows;
Skc. [46] 48, And he it farther enacted. That on all
wines, liquors, or compounds known ordenominafced
as wine, not made from grapes grown in the United
States, but made in imitation of sparkling wine or
champagne, and on all liquors not made.from grapes,
currants, rhubarb, or berries grown in the united
States, but produced by being rectified or mixed with
distilled spirits or by the infusion of any matter in
spirits, to besold as wine or by any other name, there
shall be levied and paid a tax of six dollars per dozen
bottles, each bottle containing more than one pint
and not more than one quart; or three dollars per
dozen bottles, each bott4e containing not more than
one pint, and at the same rate for any quantity of
fuoIi merchandise, however the same may be put up
or whatever be the packagfe. And any person manu-
facturing, compounding, or putting up such wines,
shall, without previous demand, make return, under
oath or affirmation, to the assistant assessor, on the
1st and 15th day of each and every month, or within
live $ays thereafter, of the entire amount of such
wine manufactured or put up during the first fifteen
days of the month, and the residue of the month, res-
pectively, except when the wines so manufactured
or put up are used exclusively by the family of the
person manufacturing the same; and tho tax herein
imposed shall be payable at the time such return is
made. And in case such manufacturer shall neglect
or icfu^e to make such return within the time spe-
cified, tho assessor shall proceed to ascertain tho
amount of tax due as provided in other cases of a
refusal or neglect to make returns, and shall assess
the tax, and add a penalty of fifty per cent, to the
amount; which said tax, and also said penalty shall
be collected in the manner provided for the collec-
tion of tax on monthly and other lists. Any person
who shall fraudulently evade or attempt to evade
the paynientof thetax herein imposed shall, on con-
viction, be fined not less than fcfKW, nor more than
$o,000, and imprisoned not loss than six months nor
more than two years.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to this section, in line two, after the
word "wine,'* to insert ''and made in imita-
tion of sparkling wine or champagne, but;"
and in line four, after the word " United States,'1
to strike out the words, "but made in imita-
tion of sparkling wine or champagne."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read section [forty-seven]
forty-nine, as follows:
Sec. [47] 49. And be it. further enacted. That the
Secretary of the Treasury, on the recommendation of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, shall appoint
one oilicer lor each United States judicial district, to
b c call ed a supervisor of internal revenue on distilled
spirits and tobacco, whose duty it shali be to reside
in such district, and keep his office a.t some conven-
ient place therein to be designated by the Commis-
sioner, and who shali receive, in compensation for
his services, such salary as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue may deem just and reasonable, not
exceeding $2,500 per annum, and shall be paid his
necessary traveling expenses when absent from his
office on official business. It shall be the duty of
every supervisor of internal revenue on distilled spir-
its and tobacco, under the direction of the Commis-
sioner, to see that all laws and regulations relating
to the collection of internal taxes upon distilled spir-
its and tobacco are faithfully executed and complied
with; to aid in the prevention, detection, and pun-
ishment of any frauds in relation thereto, and to
examine into the efficiency and conduct of all officers
of internal revenue within his district; and for such
purposes he shall have power to examine all persons,
books, papers, accounts, and premises.and to admin-
ister oaths and to summon any person to produce
books and papers, or to appear and testify under oath
before him, and to compel a compliance with such
summons in the same manner as a^se^ors may do.
It shall be the duty of every supervisor of internal
revenue as aforesaid to report in writing to tho Com-
missioner of Infernal Revenue any neglect of duty,
incomoctencv, delinquency, or malfeasance in oftice
of any internal revenue officer within his district of
which he may obtain knowledge, with a statement
of all the facts in each case, and any evidence sus-
taining the same: and he shall have power to trans-
fer any inspector, gauger, or storekeeper from one
distillery or other place of duty to another, or from
one collection district to another, within his district,
and may, by notice in writing, suspend from duty any
such inspector, gauger, or storekeeper, and in case
of suspension shall immediately notify the collector
of the proper district, and the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, and within three days thereafter make
report of his action, and his reasons therefor, in writ-
ing, to said Commissioner, who shall thereupon take
such further action as he may deem proper.
The Committee on Finance reported several
amendments to this section. The first was in
line three, after the word " revenue," to strike
out " shall" and insert '' may;" and after the
word ik appoint," to strike out the words
officer for each United States judicial district"
and to insert'' not exceeding twenty officers.'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line live, to
strike out the word ua" before "'supervisor ;
and also to add the letter s" to supervisor
