1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
party was in power. During this period of eight
years the Democratic party have borne cheer-
fully their share of the burdens of the Govern-
ment without having the slightest influence in
its administration. We saw the evils; we de-
nounced the maladministration of the rulers
of the people ; but, carried away by party pas-
sion and party prejudice, they turned a deaf
ear to the truth, and refused to listen to the
warning of their real friends, until at length
the whole country has become covered over, as
if by an Egyptian plague, with tax-gatherers,
tax inspectors, tax collectors, tax assessors,
and tax spies.
Sir, I was speaking of the cries which have
come from New England in regard to the pros-
trate commerce of our country. If our com-
merce is prostrate, if our tonnage has fallen
off more than one half, who is responsible for
it but those who have had the control of the
legislation of the country ? Why has our com-
merce fallen off? I will give you some of the
reasons. The Republican party has spent the
last three years in attempting to perpetuate its
own power instead of legislating for the benefit
of the people. They have been forgetful of
the people, forgetful of the country. The
leaders of that party have shown themselves
ambitious, selfish, and unpatriotic, though
"loyal;" for "loyalty" means adhesion to
party without regard to the interests of the
country. This party, having the entire control
of the legislation of the country, are, I say,
responsible for the maladministration which
has stricken down our commerce.
Why, sir, from the southern States alone,
where one great source of our commerce has
been found—from the southern States alone,
during 1800, we exported cotton to the value
of two hundred million dollars. By the policy
pursued by the Republican party, not acci-
dentally but intentionally, that great trade has
. been paralyzed; and now, three years after the
close of the war, we only send abroad seven-
teen per cent, as much cotton as we did during
the Democratic rule. And thus there has been
drawn from our commerce in that single article
alone more than fifty-four thousand bales of
cotton a year.
To encourage the growth of this article what
have these enlightened statesmen done? Why,
sir, they imposed a tax on cotton lands amount-
ing to twelve dollars 011 the acre by way of encour-
aging the growth of cotton 1 The tax was three
cents on each pound of cotton, which amounts
to a tax of twelve dollars per acre. What
will the farmers of the country say when they
learn that you impose a tax of twelve dollars an
acre on the farmers of the South? And if you
have the right to tax the southern farmers on
every pound of cotton how long will it be—
should the people continue your lease of
povver—how long will it be before you impose
a direct tax 011 every bushel of wheat and corn
grown in the North?
And what is the result of this blind and
stupid policy toward the South? The Spe-
cial Commissioner of Internal Revenue tells
us that a single district m the State of New
York pays into the Federal Treasury twice as
much internal revenue as is paid by the whole
of the eleven southern States. Wiiyisthis?
Because, instead of legislating for the people
of the country, instead of legislating in behalf
of the industry and commerce of the nation,
the leaders of the Republican party have pur-
sued but one object—to keep the control of the
Treasury and to retain political power. Then,
I repeat the charge, that the leaders of the
Republican party are responsible for the bur-
den of taxation which rests upon the people;
that they are responsible for this appalling
debt of six thousand five hundred million dol-
lars! What mind can appreciate thatamount?
Pne might as well attempt to count the stars
in the heavens, to number the leaves of the
forest, or the grains of sand upon the sea shore.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for one word?
Mr. MORGAN. With pleasure, for a ques-
tion.
Mr. DBIGGS. I understood the gentleman
to say, a few minutes ago, that he expected,
from my_ remarks, tlAt if I would remain here
a few minutes longer and listen to his argu-
ment I would become a convert to his party.
1 con^'ess t'\at his arguments during the
last five or ten minutes are very far from con-
vincing me.
Mr. MORGAN. I yielded to the gentleman
tor a question.
Mr. DR1GGS. I understood the gentleman
to say that the Republican party is responsible
lor all the taxes, all the stamps, all the tax
collectors through the country.
Mr. MORGAN. What is the question the
gentleman desires to ask?
Mr. DRIGGS. The question is this: I want
to ask the gentleman if he candidly believes
that the sweeping statement is correct that he
has made in regard to the Republican party
being responsible for bringing on the war, and
lor all the taxes, stamps, and tax collectors
with which the country is now infested ?
Mr. MORGAN. Why, sir, I am astonished
that a gentleman of intelligence—one of the
recognized leaders of the Republican party—
should propound to mo such a question, with
the history of the last eight years before him;
with the history of the Republican party in the
miscalled peace convention demanding blood;
with the voice of his Senator [Mr. Ciiaxdleb]
still sounding in his ears, demanding that
blood should be shed.
Sir, the truth of history demands that I should
say that the war was caused by the two extremes,
North and South; that they mutually involved
the whole country in the horrors of civil war.
The leaders ofthe Republican party in theNorth
are not alone responsible lor the war. Jeffer-
son Davis is equally responsible, 1 grant, with
Bexjamin Wade> and Robert E. Lee. No, I
doubt if he is equally responsible with Wen-
dell Phillips, but Mr. Yancey was. It was the
leaders of the Republican party in the North
who are responsible, with the ladicul leaders
of the South; and let me tell you that to-day
Wendell Phillips is not only your leader, but
your master. Sir, the honorable gentleman
who propounded to me that question is one of
that class of individuals given over to hardness
of heart, and is beyond the power of political
regeneration.
There are a class of people so tenacious in
adhering to their own views that they would
rather starve or die than admit that they had
been wrong. Look at the Republican party
at the present moment. Who are responsi-
ble for the wheels of legislation having been
stopped during the last three months? Why-
is it, sir, that during the last three months,
while merchants, manufacturers, business men
of all kinds have been calling upon Congress
to legislate for the interests of the country we
have been lying here idle, doing absolutely
worse than nothing? 1 ask the question, and
as there is no reply I will answer it. These
three months have been given up to adjusting
a quarrel in the Republican party—a quauel
between a Republican President and a Repub-
lican Congress.
But, sir, not only does the Republican party
now in power ill both branches of Congress
wage war against the President whom they
themselves elected, but they have threatened
to impeach the Chief Justice of the United
States, whom they themselves elevated to the
high position he so well fills. This is in har-
mony withtliehistoryofail revolutions. When
men become infatuated in the pursuit of revo-
lutionary projects they frequently act more like
madmen and demons than like reasonable
beings. Yes, sir, I say again that the Repub-
lican party is responsible, and will be held to
a stern responsibility by the people whom they
have betrayed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's hour
has expired.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, .Mr. DRIGGS, and
Mr. KERR, moved that the gentleman from
Ohio be allowed by unanimous consent to pro-
ceed with his remarks.
27m
There wag no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. MORGAN. I thank my colleague, [Mr,
Ashley.] I thank the other gentlemen for
their courtesy m asking to have my time
extended, but I ha,ve done; and will only
express the satisfaction I have experienced at
the attention with which honorable gentlemen
have been pleased to listen to my remarks.
Mr. Chairman, we are all countrymen, and for
weal or for woe a common destiny awaits us.
And we should try to inspire in the people some-
thing of the liberality and wisdom which char-
acterized the Athenians. There was a provis-
ion in the Athenian constitution which required
every citizen to attend the-public council when
any question was under debate, and he who
failed ^ to_ attend paid the penalty of a fine.
How is it possible, said Solon to the Athen-
ians, for you to know how to vote, unless you
hear both sides ofthe question upon which you
are to give your judgment? And I was glad to
observe during the past campaign in Ohio that
wherever I went—and I had the honor to be in
the district of my colleague, [Mr. Ashley]—
I found the patriotic men of the Republican
party coming out in large numbers to hear what
was to be said. This was a new feature in
Ohio politics, and the result proves how wise
it is to hear both sides of every question.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor, but gave
way to
Sir. ASHLEY, of Ohio, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker pro
tempore (Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio) having re-
sumed the chair, Mr. Maynard reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; arid theieupori
(at live o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.j the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition ofthe tobacco
and cigar manufacturers and merchants ofthe
city of Lexington, Kentucky, praying that the
tax may not be increased as proposed in the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
By Mr. COVODE: The petition of 90 citi-
zens of Indiana county, Pennsylvania, setting
forth that the productive interests ofthe coun-
try are suffering and its industry paralyzed for
want of efficient protection against the cheap
capital and labor of foreign countries ; that
the manufacturing population cannot continue
to pay prices for provisions, even approaching
those now realized by agriculturists, while
exposed to competition with the Old World
under a tariff framed to meet exigencies of a
totally different character ; that much of the
distress now prevalent, and daily increasing,
would be relieved by the passage of the tariff
bill which failed in the House, March, 1867:
and praying Congress to resume consideration
of that measure, and enact it into a law at the
earliest practical moment.
_ By Mr. EGGLESTON : A memorial of 88
cigar dealers of Cincinnati, protesting against
an increase of tax on cigars.
_ Also, a memorial of 42 merchants of Cin-
cinnati, protesting against a change of tariff
on sugar.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
James M. Catlett, of Catlett's Station, for
removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. GETZ : The petitions of 18 manufac-
turing firms and companies of Reading, Penn-
sylvania, employing'when in full operation
3,201 workmen, now employing 1,451 work-
men ; also signed by 49 citizens of said place,
