3750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
and after the word " revenue" to strike out
the words " on distilled spirits and tobacco."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven, to
strike out the word "such'" before " district"
and to insert " a designated territorial."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine, after
the word "receive," to insert "'in addition to
expenses necessarily incurred by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines twelve and
thirteen, to strike out " two thousand five hun-
dred" and to insert "three thousand" before
" dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen,
after the words "per annum," to strike out the
words "and shall be paid his necessary travel-
ing expenses when absent from his office on
official business."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next,amendment was in line sixteen, to
strike out the words " on distilled spirits and
tobacco;" and in line nineteen, to strike out
the words "upon distilled spirits and tobacco."
The amendment was agreed to.
The section, as thus amended, reads as
follows:
Sec. [47] 49. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury,on the recommendation of tile
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, may appoint not
exceeding twenty officers, to be called supervisors
of internal revenue, whose duty it shall be to resido
in a designated territorial district, and keep his office
at Homo convenient place therein to bedcsignated by
the Commissioner, andwhoshall receive, in addition
to expenses necessarily incurred by him, in compen-
sation for his sei vices, such salary us the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenno may deem just and rea-
sonable, not exceeding S3,000 per annum. It shall
be the duty of every supervisor ofinternal revenue,
under the direction of tne Commissioner, to see that
ail taws and regulations relating to the collection of
internal taxes are faithfully executed and complied
with; to aid in the prevention, detection, and pun-
ishment of any frauds in relation thereto, and to
examino into the efficiency and conduct of all officers
of intern al revenue within his district, &c.
. The Chief Clerk read section [forty-eight]
fifty, as follows:
Sec. [4SJ 50. And be it further enacted. That from
and alter the passage of this act no general orspecial
agent, by whatever name or designation he may be
known, of the Treasury Department in connection
with the internal revenuo, except as provided for in
thisact.shall be appointed, commissioned, employed,
or continued in offico, and that the term of office or
employment of all such general or special agents
now authorized as aforesaid under employment at
the time of the passage of this act shall expire ten
days after this act shall take effect.
The committee reported amendments to this
section. The first was to insertafter the enact-
ing clause, and before the word " that," the
following clause:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
liave power, whenever in his judgment the neces-
sities of the service may require, to employ compe-
tent persons, not exceeding fifty in number at any
one time, whose term of service shall continue atthe
pleasure of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
who shall perform such duties and at such places as
may be required of them by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, at a rate of compensation to be
determined by the said Commissioner before tho
commencement of his employment.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. Jt seems to me that is
giving a very great discretion to the Commis-
sioner, to fix the compensation as he pleases
and appoint men to perform such duties as he
pleases. It strikes me as very loose legislation.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will look
at the context be will see that it limits discretion.
Under the present law, the Secretary of the
Treasury has power to appoint special agents,
general agents, &c., of various denominations,
and inspectors. Abouttbree hundred altogether
are employed. TheHouseof Representatives,
by section forty-eight, repealed all this authority
and provided that the offices of all these per-
sons should terminate within ten days after the
taking effect of this act. We have left that
provision, but in lieu of these general and
special agents and inspectors of revenue, no
longer necessary under this bill, we have pro-
vided for the smallest possible number acting
on the best information we ;>ould get from the
Commissioner of Interna] Revenue to perform
the duties devolved on him. They are the
agents, the employes, the right-hand men of
the Commissioner ofinternal Revenue to per-
form the duties that are now being performed
by special agents. They will be sent off un-
known to any one, sent off to collectors or
assessors who are under suspicion, and may be
called upon to discharge very important func-
tions. As a matter of course, their compensa-
tion cannot, very well be fixed, because they
may be employed but a few days or a week
or a month. No commission issues to them.
Indeed, we cannot under the Constitution au-
thorize a commission to issue to them upon an
appointment made by tho Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, because he is not the head
of a Department. They are simply temporary
employes of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do they have power to
make seizures?
Mr. SHERMAN. They have the same
power that special agents have.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that a power to make
seizures?
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon the direction of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. They have
no independent power. They can only do what
hetellsthem. Hesays, " Go to such a place to
examine the books," and they have a right to
do it. They are simply his employes, and the
nature and character of their power are such as
may be delegated to them by him from time to
time. We considered this, after the most mature
reflection, as an indispensable provision, espe-
cially if we repeal the authority for the whole
army of special agents. The preceding section
provided for sixty supervisors of internal rev-
enue, one for each judicial district. We have
reduced the number to twenty, and we have
instead given him fifty persons to be employed
at his pleasure to perform such duties as he
may designate fr^m time to time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One of the great abuses
under the present system has been the unlim-
ited discretion in regard to special agents.
The country has been filled with them. The
Senate passed a bill early in the session cut-
ting off this power to appoint special agents
and send them all over 'the country to perform
such duties as the Secretary of the Treasury
might designate, and with such pay as he might
designate. It is one of the great abuses of the
Government, and an effort has been made at
this session of the Senate to correct it. We
passed a bill upon that subject. I am not
objecting to the number of these employes.
Fifty may be necessary. I am not sufficiently
advised in regard to that. I am sorry that
such a power has to be granted at all; but the
committee having found that it is necessary I
have nothing to say about that. But it is cer-
tainly very objectionable to vest the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue with authority "to
employ competent persons, not exceeding fifty
in number at any one time, whose term of ser-
vice shall continue at the pleasure of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, who shall per-
form such duties and at such places as may
be required of them by the Commissioner' of
Internal Revenue, at a rate of compensation
to be determined by the said Commissioner."
It authorizes the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to pay any sum that he thinks proper,
and assign any duties that he thinks proper to
these officers. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Eduuxds] asked if they could make seiz-
ures. I suppose so. You make by this pro-
vision the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
a legislator; he may devolve upon them any
duties he thinks proper, and then pay any
sum that he thinks proper. I do think there
should be some limit to this, not exceeding so
much a day, or not exceeding so much a year.
We should have some limitation upon it, and
not allow this officer to pay what he pleases,
and assign what duties he pleases. I think
the duties ought to be specified. It is a species
of legislation that is very objectionable.
I can see from the framing of this bill that
it is an attempt on the part of the Committee
on Finance to get around the-Constitution.
Instead of appointing these persons as officers,
requiring them to perform specific duties regu-
lated by law, and to be responsible to some-
body, they are called " employes," in order
really to vest the appointment in the hands
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Perhaps it is better for that officer to do it;
but I think thereshould be someliraitas to the
amount here, and I hope the committee will
agree upon some sum. I would rather agree
that they should not be paid exceeding twenty
dollars a day than to have it in this loose way.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, there is, to
be sure, a discretionary power given to the
Commissioner to make these appointments and
fix the salary; but the Senator from Illinois
will bear in mind that the number is reduced
from two hundred and fifty to seventy. The
present number is about two hundred and fifty,
all told, of various officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York is aware that that has been a subject of
vast complaint. In my State, at Chicago, I have
beer, told that there have been a dozen of these
special agents at one time.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Finance
have reduced the number from two hundred
and fifty down to seventy, all told, fifty special
agents and twenty supervisors, a great reduction
that I should think would be entirely satisfactory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not complaining
of the reduction, but I am complaining that
there is no limit as to what these men are to
be paid or what they are to do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Itis true that
these officers have been employed and there
has been great abuse in regard to them ; but
simply because there has been great abuse it
does not follow that we can wholly dispense
with such officers. The number is so reduced
by our bill that the Department will be com-
pelled to employ such as are of use, or else
the revenue service must vastly suffer. This
number does not give one to a district; and it
sometimes happens, for instance when a dis-
tillery is seized, or a tobacco warehouse, that
it takes two or three of these men to attend to
it. The services of some of these men are
worth very much more in one ease than in
another. It may require an expert in one case
whose services cannot be procured short of tho
rate of five or six thousand dollars a year for
a short time, and in another case a man that
might not be worth more than four dollars, or
two or three dollars a day would answer the
purpose. It is merely supplying a sufficient
number of employes so that the actual business
of the office shall not be erippled. I believe
that we really ought to enlarge and give a
greater number. All I can say in relation to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is that
it ought to be within his power to nominate
these men and control them. He knows more
about the business on which they are to be
sent than anybody else. Sometimes he has to
send men from this city who are acquainted
with the accounts of parties whose returns have
been made. Sometimes they have to be taken
to New York or Chicago. There is such a
wide diversity of duties devolving upon these
officers that we must leave something to the
discretion of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no doubt, Mr.
President, that it is necessary in the enforce-
ment of the intended revenue laws to have
officers who shall possess powers of a some-
what indefinite description, revisory, supervis-
ory, the powers of spies, if one may use an
offensive word, powers of performing secret
service, and of making instai^aneous seizures
when they discover what it is necessary to do.
Detectives" is a softer word that the chair-
man of the committee suggests, and I adopt it.
But I want to ask the chairman of the commit-
tee and the rest of the Senators whether this is
going to effect such an object? I put it to him
as a question of law, can the Commissioner of
iDternal Revenue be authorised under our
Constitution to "employ," as this terra i*, or
