202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
Ho. 03? Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Allison.
40th Cong 2d Sess.
This was the construction given to the Con-
stitution while it was pending for ratification
by jthe seventy-seventh number of the Feder-
alist, wherein it is observed; "The consent
of the iSenate would be necessary to displace,
as well as to appoint," &c., and in the debates
during the administration of General Jackson
Was acquiesced in by the leading minds of the
Senate, and resolutions were offered by Mr.
Clay, March 6,1834, and ably defended by him,
embodying almost the language of the tenure-
of-office act. - Daring this debate he protested,
as did others, against the interpretation made
by the Congress of 1789, by the casting vote
of the Presiding Officer of the Senate.
Those wha framed the Constitution were not
willing to trust this high power of appointment
to a single man,, bat placed :it in the hands of
the President and the Representatives of all the
States assembled as a Senate; and this has
been the uniform construction of the Constitu-
tion, so far as I know, whenever the Senate
has been in session, the power of removal be-
ing exercised by the nomination of the Presi-
dent, and the confirmation by the Senate of
another person insteal of the one sought to be
removed. It is true that the practice has long
prevailed of removing officers during the recess
of the Senate, thus creating vacancies, which
have been temporarily filled up by granting
commissions under the last clause of the sec-
ond section of the second article of the Consti-
tuion, but in no instance lias this power been
exercised during the sessions of the Senate.
But the President has not contented himself
with removing the Secretary of War during the
session of the Senate in a way unknown to the
Constitution and contrary to the practice of
the Government, but he has also appointed or
attempted to appoint by letter of authority a
person as Secretary of War ad interim in con-
travention of the plain letter of the Constitu-
tion, which declares that—
"The President shall nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate appoint."
I know of no pretense .of authority for the
exercise of this extraordinary power, and no
argument has been submitted for it by the de-
fenders of the President. It cannot be claimed
under the second section of the act of August
7, 1789, creating the War Department, for that
especially provides that in case of a vacancy
the chief cierk of the War Department—
"Shall during such vacancy have the charge and
custody of all records, books, and papers appertain-
ing to the said Department."
Nor can it be claimed under the act of Feb-
ruary 13, 1795, which declares that—
"In cases of vacancy in the office of Secretary of
State, Secretary of the Treasury, or Secretary of the
Department of War, it shall bo lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States, in case he shall think it
necessary, to authorize any person or persons, at his
discretion, to perform theduties of thesaidrespective
oifioes until a successor be appointed or such va-
cancy be filled."
This act was absolutely repealed (as well as
the second section of act of August 7, 1789) by
the act of February 20, 1803, which last act
particularly describes the cases in which the
President may designate a person to perform
the duties of a head of a Department, which
cases are confined to the "death, resignation,
absence from the seat of Government, or sick-
ness of such head of Department." It cannot
be claimed in this case that Secretary Stanton
is dead, absent, or sick, nor has he resigned.
On the contrary, he is active, watchful, and
vigilant in the discharge of the duties of his
Department.
If the act of 1795 is not repealed by the act
of 1803 the repealing clause in that act is ab-
solutely meaningless, as the acts of 1789 and
1795 were the only acts relating to this subject
on the statute-book at the time; the eighth
section of the act of 1792 having become obso-
lete by tlie passage of the act of 1795 ; indeed,
the act of 1863 but revived the eighth section
of 1792, and added a clause repealing all acts
inconsistent with its provisions.
. There being no other provisions of law upon
this subject, it is clear that the appointment of
Lorenzo Thomas is in violation of the letter of
the Constitution as well as its spirit,' and that
the President by this unwarranted exercise of
power has violated his oath of office, which
requires him to "preserve, protect,' and de-
fend " that great instrument in an oath espe-
cially enjoined upon' him by the Constitution
and taken by no other officer of the Govern-
ment. The power of the President to appoint
during the sessions of the Senate is impliedly
prohibited in the Constitution by the last clause
of the second section of the second article,
which gives the President—
"Power to fill up all vacancies that may happen
during tho recess of tho Sonato by granting commis-
sions which shall expire at the end of their next
session."
Thus it would seem clear that if the tenure-
Of-ofiice bill had never become a law, under
the powers granted to the President by the
Constitution, there can be found no warrant
for the extraordinary assumption attempted
by the removal of the Secretary of War and the
appointment of another person in his stead.
These two acta of the President are in clear
violation of the first and second sections of the
act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,
passed March 2, 1867, which law the defend-
ers of the President insist is in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States, because
under that instrument the President is alone
invested with the power of removal.
It seems to mo clear that inasmuch as all
civil offices under the Constitution, except
those expressly provided for in that instrument,
are ersated by law, their general power of
regulating their tenure is within the province
of Congress. This power has been frequently
invoked by Congress, unchallenged by the
Executive.
By act of May 15, 1820, it is provided by
the first and second sections :
1. "That from and after the passing of this act all
district attorneys, oollcctors of the customs, naval
ofiicers and eulluclois of the customs, navy agents,
receivers of public moneys for lands, registers of the
land offices, paymasters in the Army, tho apothe-
cary gcnoral, the assistant apothecaries general, and
the commissary general of purchases, to be appointed
under the laws of the United States, shall be ap-
pointed for the term of four years, bat shall be
removable from otlice at pleasure.
2. "That the commission of each and every of tho
officers named in the first section of this act now in
office, unless vacated by removal from office or other-
wise, shall cease arid expire in tho manner following:
all such commissions, bearing date on or before the
30th day of September, 1814, shall cease and expire
on the day and month of thoir respective dates which
shall next ensue after the 30th day of September
next; all such commissions bearing date after tho
said 30th day of September, 1814, and beforo the 1st
day of October, 1810, shall cease and expire on the
day and month of thoir respective dates which shall
next ensue after the 30thday of September, 1821. And
all other such commissions shall coase and expire at
the expiration of tho term of four years from their
respective dates."
Thus early Congress, unchallenged by the
Executive, provided for the term of certain
officers, and also provided that at a certain
time named in the statute commissions issued
to certain officers should cease, and this power
of regulating the tenure of offices by law has
in various forms been exercised by Congress
from the foundation of the Government with-
out objection or protest until the present Ex-
ecutive sought to aggrandize all power over
offices to himself. In the act of February 25,
1863, an officer was created in the Treasury
Department denominated the Comptroller of
the Currency. The first section of this act
provides that such officer—
"Shall be appointed by the President on the nomi-
nation of the Secretary of the Treasury, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall hold
his office for the term of five years, unless sooner
removed by the President, by and with tho advice
and consent of tho Senate "—
thus fixing absolutely the term of office of such
officer unless the consent of the Senate for his
removal should be had. This act received the
approval of President. Lincoln. By the seven-
teenth section of the act of July 17, 1862, the
President was authorized to dismiss and dis-
charge from the military service either in the
Army, Navy, Marine corps, or volunteer force
in the United States service any officer for any
cause which in his judgment rendered such
officer unsuitable for or whose dismissal would
promote the public service. Prior to the pas-
sage of this act the President in a few instances
had exercised the power of removal of Army
officers during the recess of the Senate, but the
authority for such removal was regarded of so
doubtful a character that Congress deemed it
necessary to make provision for it by law. This
law was passed at a time when a great army
was in the field for the suppression of rebellion,
and the power thus given was regarded as es-
sential in promoting the efficiency of the Army.
Afterward, however, when the necessity for
this extraordinary power no longer existed,
the Congress of the United States, by act ap-
proved July 18, 1866, repealed this provision,
and provided in express terms that—
"No officer in tho military or naval serviee shall
in time of peace be dismissed from service except
upon and in pursuance of the sentence of a court-
martial to that effect or in commutation thereof."
This latter act received the approval of Pres-
ident Johnson himself, whose defenders now
claim for him the right under the Constitution
to dismiss or remove any officer of the Gov-
ernment at the will and pleasure of the Pres-
ident without any limitation whatsoever.
Again, the act of March 2, 1867, provides in
the second section that the General of the
Army—■
"Shall not be removed, suspended, or relieved
from command or assigned to duty elsewhere than
at the headquarters of the Army in Washington,
except at his own request, without the previous ap-
proval of the Senate."
This act also received the approval of Pres-
ident Johnson.
Mr, NICHOLSON. Will the gentleman
yield a moment?
Mr. ALLISON. For a question.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I ask him if the Pres-
ident in returning that bill did not protest
against the second section?
Mr. ALLISON. It is true, I believe, in
approving the bill, the President sent in some
arguments by way of protest against the sec-
ond section of the act of 1867 ; but, Mr. Chair-
man, the President, without any objection or
apology, placed his' signature to another act
having the same force and effect, to which I
have just called the attention of the committee.
These two acts approved by President John-
son must have been regarded by him as con-
stitutional ; otherwise in their approval he vio-
lated his oath, which requires him to preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution. His
defenders now claim for him an interpretatioU
of that instrumentwhich would not only remove
the Secretary of War, who is obnoxious to him,
but it would also give the President authority
at his will and pleasure to remove the General
of the Army without the advice and consent of
the Senate, as required by law just referred
to. And have wo not good reason to appre-
hend that, inasmuch as tho President has failed
to subsidize the General of the Army to assist
him in the accomplishment of his own pur-
poses, this officer will be the next victim of
presidential hate and malevolence ; and every
other officer of the Army in turn may be thus
removed by the President who refuses to obey
his despotic will, until the Army shall be placed
under his absolute control. It may be answered
that the President cannot fill up these vacan-
cies without the consent of the Senate. But
he has so^ undertaken to fill a pretended vacancy
in the War Office, and may he not send to the
Senate such persons for confirmation as would
not be confirmed by that body, when the officer
highest in rank in the Army, with the War
Department under his control, would have
necessarily the command of the forces of the
United States. And here I might ask for the
