1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
tives, by Mr. McPheksos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 108)
for the relief of Henry Greathouse and Samuel
Kelly, with an amendment, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate :
A bill (H. K. No. 170) for the relief of
Lucas and Dickinson counties, in the State of
Iowa;
A bill (H. R. No. 394) confirming title to
" Little Rock Island," in the Mississippi river;
A bill (H. R. No. 593) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to authorize the construction of
certain bridges and to establish them as post
roads
A bill (H. R. No. 722) for the relief of Sally
C. Nortlirup; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 227) enabling
actual settlers to purchase certain lands ob-
tained of the Great and Little Osage Indians.
paymasters' accounts.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders, and proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. ISO) to estab-
lish a national school of mines.
Mr. WILSON, lhope the Senate will allow
the bill which was under consideration at the
close of the morning hour to be now taken up
and disposed of.
Mr. STEWART. I insist on my motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of the bill that
was pending this morning when we took up the
business of impeachment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 37G) to facili-
tate the settlement of paymasters' accounts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out, in the sixth line, the words
•'subject to the approval of the Secretary of
War. In explanation of this amendment, I
will state to the Senate that we have recently
passed a bill cutting off the practice of sending
napcrs backward and forward between the
War Department and the Treasury Depart-
ment, on account of the great inconvenience
that grows out of it, and providing for a different
rule. I do not know that it is necessary to
explain my amendment further; it will make
the bill in conformity with existing laws.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move, in the eighth line, to
strike out the words "since the commence-
ment of the," and insert "during the late;"
so as to react "for overpayments made in good
faith, on public account, during the late re-
bellion instead of being prospective.
Mr. OONNESS. That will necessarily raise
the question as to when and at what period
of time the act shall apply. It raises the
question when the war ended. It is well
known that very large payments were made
after the conclusion of hostilities ; and if the
bill is intended for any useful purpose it
ought to appty to the period since the cessa-
tion of hostilities as certainly as it does during
their existence. I cannot see but that the bill
will be perfectly useless if the amendment be
adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator from California, if the Senator from
Iowa does not reply to him, what, as the bill
now stands, will it mean five years hence?
Suppose that this year and next year and the
year after payments such as are here described
are made, and the accounting officers five years
hence come to act in regard to those payments
under this bill, I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia what, in his judgment as a lawyer, this
law would mean as to those?
Mi. CONNESS. The suggestion does not
meet my objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I know it does not.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator^can very
easily frame an amendment to the bill so as to
fix the period to which it shall apply.
Mr. CONKLING. If there be a criticism
on the particular phraseology suggested, I
shall be very glad to vote for any substituted
phraseology which will avoid that criticism ;
but, like the Senator from Iowa, I desire to
know about how much of time and space the
bill is to cover.
Mr. GRIMES. It covers all future time.
Mr. CONKLING. As it stands.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it cover the period up
to the passage of the bill. That will end it.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that he use the word "heretofore."
I have not the bill before me, but there must
be a place in the bill where the insertion of
the word "heretofore" will prevent its pros-
pective operation.
Mr. GRIMES. It is perfectly immaterial to
me what may be the phraseology of it. All I
want is that these officers shall not understand
that where they make overpayments they can
have the thing adjusted in all future time by
application to the Treasury Department.
Mr. CONKLING. I will suggest to the
Senator to insert the word "heretofore" after
the word '• account," in the eighth line; so as
to read:
For overpayment? made in good faith on public
account heretofore, bineo the commencement of the
rebollion.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied with that
phraseology. 1 accept that modification of
the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me suggest that the
word come in in the seventh line, to make it
a little more symmetrical, before the word
"made;" so as to read: "For overpayments
heretofore made," &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Iowa as modified on the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. As I have now a copy
of the bill before me and can look at it more
deliberately, I beg to change my amendment
again so as to make it still more certain ; and
I ask the attention of the Senator from Iowa
for a moment to the suggestion. I propose
now, after the word "rebellion" in the eighth
line, to insert the words "and prior to the pas-
sage of this act;" so as to make the bill read:
"Overpayments made in good faith, on public
account, since the commencement of the re-
bellion and prior to the passage of this act."
Then there can be no doubt as to what "here-
tofore" refers to ; there might be otherwise, as
the act of course speaks all the time after it
becomes a law.
Mr. GRIMES. I accept that modification.
Theampndinent,as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In the sixth line, it seems tome,
the two words "such credits" should be re-
stored. They have been stricken out, I under-
stand. I think those words should be inserted
again, and I move their insertion, if that is in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Something should be put in
after the word " appear."
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
bill read as it now stands.
The Secretary read the bill, as amended, as
follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That the proper recounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby, author-
ized, in the settlement of accounts of paymasters of
the Army, to allow such credits for overpayments
made in good faith on publie account, since the
commencement of the rebellion, and prior to the
passage of this act. as shall appear to them, by such
vouchers and testimony as they shall require.
Mr. HOWE. After the words " appear to
them" I move to insert " to be just."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very fearful that
this bill will not accomplish the purpose de-
sired, and that its working will be defective
necessarily. In the first place, I will state to
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
that this is a subject which has been brought
constantly to my attention, and I will state cases
which are not covered by the bill, and they
are the hardest cases. Where, by order of the
Eroper officer, the Secretary of War, payments
ave been made to regiments before their time
commenced, this bill would not apply. In many
cases payments have been made to regiments,
companies, and individuals who had been pre-
viously paid ; and this bill would not apply to
those cases, I suppose. 11 is a very difficult ques-
tion to deal with. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is satisfied with the bill as it is I shall
make no objection, because some relief ought
to be granted to these paymasters ; but I doubt
very much whether the bill, as now framed or
as reported, will cover the cases that ougnt to
be provided for.
Mr. HOWE. If those are not "over-pay-
ments made in good faith," what are over-
payments made in good faith ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Where more is paid to
an officer than is legally due under a construc-
tion of the law, that would be covered by this
language; but where payments are made which
are not authorized by law, they would not be
covered by this language. I hope the Senator
sees the distinction. In the one case the pay-
ment is without authority of law, and in the
other case it is a mere payment of too much
when the law authorized the payment of some-
thing.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will pardon
me, the payment of ninety-five dollars to an
officer to whom the law accords but eighty dol-
lars, it seems to me, is an overpayment because
it is the payment of a sum not authorized by
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. But suppose the payment
of ninety-five dollars is made to an officer
when the law does not give him anything under
the particular circumstances?
Mr. HOWE. The only difference between
the two cases I suggested is, that in the one
instance it is an overpayment of ninety-five
dollars instead of an overpayment of fifteen
dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But in one case
lie is entitled to nothing.
Mr. HOWE. In that case it is an overpay-
ment to the whole amount, whereas in the
other case it is an overpayment to a small
amount. *
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to ask that the
bill be read as it now stands amended.
The Secretary read the bill, as amended, as
follows:
Be it enactcd, That tho proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby, author-
ized, in the settlement of accounts of tho paymasters
of tho Army, to allow such credits for overpayments
made in frood faith, on public account, since the
commencementof the rebellion and prior to the pas-
sage of this act, as shall appeal to them to be just, by
such vouchers and testimony as they shall require.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed.
house BILLS KEFEIUiED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
A bill (H. R. No. 170) for the relief of Lucas
and Dickinson counties, in the State of Iowa.
A bill (H. R. No. 894) confirming title to
"Little Rock Island," in the Mississippi river.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 227) enabling
actual settlers to purchase certains lands ob-
tained of the Great and Little Osage Indians.
The bill (H. R. No. 593) to amend an act
entitled " An act to authorize the construction
of certain bridges and to establish them as post
