1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
consider the bill (S. No. 188) for the relief of
towns in the State of Nevada. It provides that
any towns in the State of Nevada where public
lands exist may avail themselves, if the town
authorities elect so to do, of the provisions of i
the act of March 2, 1867. entitled "An act for
the relief of the inhabitants of cities and towns
upon the public lands;" but th«y are to ex-
clude from any entry which they may make all
town lots which have been entered and the
money paid under former laws: and this act is
not to prevent claimants who have made proper
entry of town lots and paid the purchase money
from obtaining title under the laws existing
previous to March 2, 1867. All mines and
lands claimed as appurtenant to the same for
mining purposes, and which may be entered
and purchased under the act approved July
26, 186(5, entitled "An act granting the right
of way to ditch and canal owners over the pub-
lic lands, and for other purposes," are to be
excluded from all entries of town sites under
the act of March 2, 1867.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with amendments. The first amendment was
in lines three and four, to strike out the words
'• where public lands exist" and to insert "in
which there are public lands."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
explain this bill. I do not know what it means
myself. I presume Senators would be glad to
hear some explanation of what the scope'of the
bill is. I shonld for one.
Mr. STEWART. I am ready to make any
explanation that may be desired.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont is a member of the committee, and I am
only sorry that he was not present when this bill
was considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I generally attend when
I get notice.
Mr. POMEROY. Every member of the
committee was notified in writing of the meet-
ing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I received no notification.
Mr. STEWART, During the last Congress
we passed a law which allowed towns on the
public domain to enter public land for the town
site at §1 26 per acre, substantially reviving a
law that was passed about 1840, and a very
good law, too ; but the act of 1867 did not in
so many words repeal the laws that had been
passed in 1863 and 1864 which allowed the town
to enter the land generally. The town simply
made a claim for a town site, aud then each
individual could preempt. In the operation of
that law it was found to be very expensive,
costing about as much as it would to enter one
hundred and sixty acres. Besides all that, the
preemption laws were found to be entirely inap-
plicable to the towns that were already built
up. The size of the lots would not correspond
with the general requirements, and they would
have large improvements upon them. This
bill is introduced for the purpose of reviving
the old law and letting parties who are in bona
fide possession obtain their property as they
possess it. The law of last year allowed the
towns to enter the plat as the old law did aud
buy the whole'land at $1 25 an acre in trust
for the benefit of the inhabitants. The law of
1864 not having been repealed, some towns in
Nevada—and I presume in California—having
filed their plat under the law of 1863 and not
having proceeded to any great extent on account
of the difficulties in the way, finding it entirely
inapplicable, ascertain now that there is a ques-
tion whether they are entitled to proceed under
the new law, which they are desirous to do.
This bill simply allows the town authorities,
if they elect so to do, to proceed uader the law
of last winter and avail themselves of the bene-
fits of it, provided that they shall not interfere
with any individuals who have taken steps
under the law of 1864. They will file their
claims and if they desire to obtain patents they
can do so still; but leaving it optional with the
town authorities to proceed under the new law,
if they cfesire to do so, as to any unappropriated
lands. That is the effect of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if the Senator will
allow me, the effect is to permit a town to take
up all the land there is within its territorial
limits unappropriated.
Mr. STEWART. Unappropriated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the act of Congress
under which they proceed provide for the exe-
cution of the trust as to who shall be entitled
to receive these lots from the town?
Mr. STEWART. The act of Congress
allows the towns to dispose of them for the
■ benefit of the inhabitants as the Legislatures
of ,the States and Territories where they are
situated shall prescribe. In Nevada the State
Legislature has prescribed a mode of disposi-
tion which is very satisfactory. This simply
allows the town authorities to proceed under
that, if they desire.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The result, then, is, if I
understand it, that the effect will be that any
town may take tip all the unappropriated land
within it3 borders, and the town authorities
will be the persons who will decide what pri-
vate persons shall have the lands.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who is to decide?
Mr. STEWART. Of course they are to de-
cide according to certain rules. They locate it
in trust. Of course they are to execute the trust,
and they are quite as competent to execute a
trust as any other body of men. Somebody has
got to execute the trust and determine to whom
the lots shall go. It is very difficult for a man
who has got a lot worth only fifty or sixty dol-
lars to get the trust executed through the vari-
ous land offices at an expense in our country—
not a legitimate expense, I am aware—but at
an expense certainty that never falls short of
$30, $40, and sometimes $150. In any event
somebody is to execute the trust, and we think
the town authorities elected by the town can
as well look out for a fair execution of this
trust as anybody else.
I Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the necessity,
j the Senator will allow me to ask, of having this
trust at all? Why not leave the land to be
I entered by private citizens under the govern-
j ment, laws, and regulations, just as it is in all
I the other States?
! Mr. STEWART. It is left as it is in all the
other States. This law is general; but there
happens to be a peculiar situation in Nevada
which I undertook to explain. Some of them
i having taken steps under the law of 1864, they
desire to be placed on the same footing as if
they had not filed a map under the law of 1864.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that; but
what I am wishing my friend from Nevada to
,explain is the theory upon which the law
itself, to which this is an amendment, goes.
Why is there any necessity of having a town
or any other municipal corporation intervene
between the Government and the citizens of
the United States, wherever they may happen
to be, who wish to buy land?
Mr. STEWART. I will explain that.
| Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the point on
i -which I wish information,
i Mr. STEWART. That point I can easily
\ explain. Under the law of 1841 it was found
that the town authorities entered the towns,
i made a claim for them, bought the land at
j. $1 25 an acre, and disposed of it, and so far
as the West was concerned it operated pretty
satisfactorily; but for some reason in'1863 or
1864 Congress passed a law allowing each
individual to preempt a lot. That being made
applicable to towns already built up, various
embarrassments were found to arise. In the
first place, if yoa determined the size of the
lot that a person might take, it might be too
large for some and too small for others. A
man must enter under the preemption laws
for his own benefit; he must enter on his own
name. In all the towns where they have ar-
rived at any degree of importance individuals
have expended large sums of money in mak-
ing improvements. In towns in Nevada you
may find $200,000 or $800,000 invested in
building mills and property connected with
them for mining purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the load preempted?
Mr. STEWART. No; they cannot pre-
empt it in the town under the existing law.
They can ^ke only one lot. Somebody else
h s a right to bid for this mill. In fact, when
I returned-to Nevada two years ago, I found
that the receiver had given notice that he
intended to apply to the Department of the
Interior for an order to force the sale. That
involved the confiscation of most of the prop-
erty there, and it was impossible to proceed
under it. _ ;
Thea the execution of that law—it is very
expensive. For instance, here are two people
owning small lots worth thirty or forty dollars
apiece, or perhaps:not more than ten or fifteen
dollars: they have to go to the expense of
sending to Washington and getting a patent.
Whether it be just or unjust, this occasions
great delay and involves an enormous amount
of expense. Practically, no ope gets through
for less than thirty or forty dollars, and some-
times the expense runs up to one hundred or
one hundred and fifty dollars, and th^re pre
several years' delay. It is just as much trouble
and expense as it is to get one hundred and sixty
acres, and the lots often do not pay for this. Then
there is the inconvenience of adapting the size
of the lotg to the surveys in the town and to the
possession the people have. In other words,
to get from the Government by any system
that has yet been devised*the title to town lots
for those who have settled in good faith is
cumbersome and expensive beyond any de-
scription. No one can realize it unless he sees
the practical working of the thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the price a man
who has settled on the land would have to pay
on entering it at the land office—$1 25 or
$2 50 an acre ?
Mr. STEWART. If it was agricultural land
he would have to pay $1 25 an acre; if he
entered it under the town-lot law I think he
would have to pay five or ten dollars a lot; I do
not exactly recollect the price. But the price
the people have to pay in either event is not the
burdensome part of the thing; the difficulty is
with the machinery by means of which the
result is arrived at. Under the law of last winter
if the town lota ftre laid out of the ordinary siae
the cost would be about three or four dollars
per lot; five dollars would be the very extreme
limit. That anybody can pay. This is not1 a
new system ; it is an.old system which should
have been continued and perfected; it is a
policy that is much better and more convenient
than that indicated by the acts of 1863 and
1864. It injures nobody. If the people of the
town are satisfied the Government of the .Uni-
ted States need not be dissatisfied, because
certainly the expense of executing the other
system amounted to as muoh as was realized
from it. Indeed, I do not suppose there was
eveT any revenue realised to the Government
from town sites on the public lands. To give
a title to the town sites on payment of $1 25
an acre will be more beneficial to the Govern-
ment than it will be for it to undertake the
administration of a system of dividing np its
lands into town lots.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is this bill confined ex-
clusively to town sites ?
Mr. STEWART. To town sites.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And not the full section
or quarter section?
Mr. STEWART. It applies to whatever
the town may be entitled to enter under the
law, graduated according to the size of the
town.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Under the law as it now
stands is not the town entitled to enter all the
unappropriated lands there are in the town,
whether they are town lots or agricultural
lands?
Mr. STEWART. All there are within the
amount that the town is entitled to enter,
according to its size.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How is that regulated ?
Mr. STEWART. I . do not know that I
recollect the exact figures.
Mr. POMEROY. It depends on the popu-
