1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3751
appoint, whatever you call it, a person who
shall have any power to interfere with the lib-
erty or property of any citizen? It appears
to me that in a government of laws no person
can have the legal power to interfere with your
property or mine, with your liberty or mine,
unless he be an officer of the law; and I am
quite sure the Constitution intended that when
it provided that the President should commis-
sion all officers of the United States, and when
it took great pains to prescribe a method by
which all officers of the United States should
be appointed ; that is to say, by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, by the courts of law, or by the heads of
Departments. They, by the Constitution, are
made the fountains of appointment of all the
officers of the United States.
If I am right in assuming (because it does
not appear to me to be necessary to go into an
'argument to demonstrate that to a lawyer) that
)io person can interfere with the liberty or the
property of another in this country unless he
floes it a^an appointed officer of the law, exe-
cuting the public will framed into a statutory
enactment against that very person, thereby
being the minister of that "due process of
law" of which Magna Charta spoke, and of
which all modern constitutions speak, then, I
say, it is manifest that we cannot in this indi-
rect method, by styling these persons employes
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue in-
stead of officers, inferior officers, appointed by
the head of a Department, infuse into them
any other power than that mere observatory,
ox-work power that the common laborer has
about your grounds, not an officer at all. It
appears to me, and I think the committee will
ogree, that these persons ought to have the
power of officers of the law, power to put the
whole forces of the law in operation in an in-
fetant, to arrest a man, to apply lor a warrant,
to execute it, to seize his distillery, to do all
those things that it is unnecessary, and I do
not want to occupy time to enumerate ; so that,
while I believe it is necessary to have these
persons, I think we-ought to adopt the same
plan of providing for their appointment that
we did for the special agents for this and for
Oie customs service in the bill the Senator from
Illinois has alluded to as having passed this
body, and that is to provide that the head of a
iA1,.irtment shall appoint them upon the nom-
ination or designation of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The theory of that is that
you are thus enabled to have the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, who is from his position
better able to select these agents, designate
them to the Secretary of the Treasury ; and the
Secretary being the head of a Department will
be authorized by the Constitution to clothe
them with that power of representing the forces
of the law which will make them enabled to
carry it into execution. I will suggest, there-
fore, although I will not move it against the
wish of the committee, that it should be put
into some such shape as that it would be sure
to stand lire.
Mr. SHKIUIAN. Rather than divide the
Senate about a matter of this kind I prefer that
it should go over. We have carefully con-
sidered this matter, and wish to invest the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue with this power,
and to hold him responsible for its exercise.
But as I said, rather than divide the Senate, I
prefer to have this section passed by and go on
with the bill if that be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate, although I prefer of course that the Senate
should agree to the section as it stands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you maintain that
you can give them any official power?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can go into an argu-
ment to show that we have the right to vest in
a subordinate power power to employ tem-
porary agents; but I do not wish to go into
that because v?e have not a quorum here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call the
attention of my colleague t® this fact, that we
only put on these persons such duties as may
be required by the Commissioner of Internal \
Revenue. Is it to be supposed that duties will !
be put upon them that they are unable to
perform ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I asked the chairman of
the committee if it was understood that these
persons were to have, as they ought to have,
power to seize property which they found vio-
lating the law, and I understood the chairman
to answer with that frankness which is char-
acteristic of him, and that knowledge of busi-
ness to which we all bow, that they should, as
it is essential that they should. I-f, on the
other hand, they are to be employed in such
things as they can perform as mere detectives
or spies, without the power to arrest and to
seize, then it is a great deal of flourish for a
very small amount of success, as it appears
to me. Every detective, in the ordinary sense
in which we understand that term, is, when
you come to take off his overcoat, au officer of
the law, with the badge of the police upon his
breast, clothed by the law with power to exer-
cise all the executive functions that a marshal
or sheriff or constable has; "and that is just the
way with the present special agents, because
they are appointed by a tribunal that the Con-
stitution reposes that power to appoint in.
This is my reply to my friend and colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that this section be
passed by informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over informally, if there be no objection.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was going to remark
that, in my judgment, the section throws on
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue power
to appoint officers to hold during his pleasure.
There is no check upon him. It also gives him
power to fix their compensation without any
check whatever. It authorizes him to assign
to them any official duties that he pleases with-
out any check or regulation whatever.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it go over.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wilt not pursue the
matter now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can show that
we can give him the power to employ persons
to perform duties by law vested in hioi; but let
it pass now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a very abstract
proposition. The question is whether he has
power to name a person to make a seizure of
the Senator's property or mine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will proceed with the reading of the bill, pass-
ing this section for the present.
The Chief Clerk. In line thirteen of the
section the committee propose to insert the
words '' and no district inspectorsand in lme
sixteen, after the word ''agents," to insert
" or inspectors."
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest that this whole
section belongs together.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; because if we do
not adopt the first part, as a matter of course
we shall have to keep the special agents.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The whole
section will bo passed over.
The Chief Clerk read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. 49. And be -it further enacted. That from and
alter the passage of this act no assessor or collector
shall bo authorized to enter any other district than
the one forwluchhe has been appointed tor tbo pur-
pose of exercising any authority, except as expressly
pro\ ided i'oi by this act.
The Committee on Financeproposed to strike
out the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [50] 51. And be it further enacted. That tliero
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury
in any district such number of internal revenuo
storekeepers as may be necessary, who shall be bona
fule residents of the district in which they may be
appointed, the compensation ot each of whom shall
be fire dollars per day, to bo paid by the United
States, one or more of whom shall be assigned by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to every bonded
warehouse established bylaw; and no such store-
keeper shall be engaged in any other business while
in the service of the United States. Every store-
keeper shall take an oath faithfully to perform the
duties of his office, and shall give a bond, to bo ap-
proved by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
for the faithtul discharge of his duties, in such form
and for such amount as the Commissioner may pro-
scribe. Every storekeeper shall have charge of the
warehouse to which he may be assigned, under the
direction of the collector controlling the same, which
warehouse shall be in the joint custody of such store-
keeper and the proprietor thereof and kept securely
locked, and shall at no time be unlocked and opened
or remain open unless in the presence of such store-
keeper or other person who may be designated to
act for him as hereinafter provided; and no articles
shall be received in or delivered from such ware-
house except on an order or permit addressed to the
storekeeper and signed by the collector having con-
trolof the warehouse. Every storekeeper shailkecp
a warehouse-book, which shall at ali times be open
to the examination of any revenue officer, in which
he shall enter an account of all articles deposited in
the warehouse to which he is assigned, indicating in
each case the date of the deposit, by whom manu-
factured or produced, the pumber and description
of the packages and contents, thequantitics therein,
the marks and serial numbers thereon, and by whom
gauged, inspected, or weighed, and, if distilled
spirits, the number of gauge or wine gallons and of
proof gallons; and before delivering any article
from the warehouse he shall enter in said book £ho
date of the permit or order of the collector lor the
delivery of such articles, the number and descrip-
tion of the packages, tho marks and serial numbers
thereon, the date of delivery, to whom delivered,
and for what purpose, which purpose shall be speci-
fied in the permit or order lor delivery; and iii case
of delivery of any distilled spirits, the number of
gauge or wine gallons, and of proof gallons, shall
also be stated; and such further particulars shall be
entei ed in the warehouse-books as may be prescribed
or found necessary for the identification of the pack-
ages, to insure the correct delivery thereof and
proper accountability therefor. A daily return shall
bo furnished by every storekeeper .to the collector
of the district of all articles received in and deliv-
ered from the warehouse during the day preceding
that on which the return is made, a copy of which
shall be mailed by him at the same time to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and each store-
keeper shall, on the first Monday of every month,
make a report in triplicate of the number of pack-
ages of all articles, with the several descriptions
thereof respectively, as above provided, which re-
mained in the warehouse at the date of his last
report, and of all articles received therein and
delivered therefrom during the preceding month,
and of all aiticles remaining therein at the end ot
said month ; one of which reports shall be by him
delivered to the assessor of the district, to be re-
coided and filed in his office; one delivered to the
collector having control of the warehouse, to be
recorded and filed in his office; and one transmitted
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to bo
recorded and filed in his office. Any internal rev-
enue storekeeper may be transferred by the super-
visor of the district commissioner of internal rev-
enue from one warehouse to another within thesamo
district. In case ot the absence of any internal rev-
enue storekeeper by sickness or fiora any oilier
cause, the collector having control of the warehouse
may designate a person to have temporary charge
ot such warehouse, who shall, during such abscnce,
perform the duties and receive the pay of the store-
keeper lor the time ho may be so employed; and for
any violation ot the law ho shall be subject to the
same punishment as storekeepers. Any storekeeper
or other person in the employment of tho United
States having charge of a bonded warehouse who
shall remove or allow to be removed any cask or
other package therefrom without an order or permit
of the collector, or which has not been marked or
stamped in the manner required by law, or shall
remove or allow to be removed any part of the con-
tents of any cask or package deposited therein,
shall be immediately dismissed from office or em-
ployment, and, on conviction, be fined not less than
$500 nor moro than 62,000, and imprisoned not less
than three months nor more than two years.
Tho Committee on Finance reported several
amendments to this section. The first was in
line two, after the word "Treasury," to strike
out the words "in any district,."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four, after
the word "necessary," to strike out tho words
" who shall be bona fide residents of the dis-
trict in which they may be appointed/7
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six, afrer
the words "shall be," to insert "determined
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue not
exceeding."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine, to
strikeout the word "bonded," and to insert
"distillery" before "'warehouse.'7
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve,
after the words "United States, ' to insert
"without the written permission of the Com-
missioner of Internal Kevenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was In line sixty-nine,
to insert the word "or" before "Commis-
