1868.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESS1GNAL. GLOBE.
203
40tji Goto....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Louglvridge.
Ho. of Keps,
motive influencing the President to send to the
Senate the names of high officers for promo-
tion by brevet? This claim of power for the
President could be urged with more plausi-
bility than can l>e urged for the removal of
merely civil officers, for by express language of
the Constitution the President is made Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States; and if he is to assume powers
by implication he could very easily say that
such removals were necessary for the efficiency
of the Army.
Indeed, this power is claimed for him under
the clause making him Commander-and-Chief'
of the Army and Navy. The clause author-
izing Congress to make rules for the govern-
ment and regulation of the land and naval
forces is no stronger in its grant of power to
Congress than the clauses giving Congress au-
thonty to lay and collect taxes, to borrow
money, to regulate commerce, &c., because,
under the last clause of the eighth section of
the first article, Congress may make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution the specified powers. It is
clear that our assent to the assumptions of the
President claimed for him and by him, as au-
thorized by the Constitution, constitutes a vir-
tual abandonment of the most important legis-
lative functions long exercised by Congress
and heretofore unchallenged by any Executive.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, it is not simply be-
cause the President has assumed to control
the War Office absolutely, without asking
the advice and consent of the Senate, as re-
quired by the Constitution and laws, that we
invoke the power of impeachment as author-
ized by the Constitution, but it is because a
failure now to exercise that power would be to
surrender to the President the absolute and
unlimited control, not only of the army of civil
officers of the Government, but its Army and
its Navy, without restraint or limitation of law.
It seems to me that the teuure-of-office act
does nothing more than reaffirm the terms of
the Constitution as declared by its provisions,
unless it be to provide by law for the length
of the term of office of heads of Departments
which before the passage of that act was in-
definite. The act provides that heads of-De-
partments shall hold their office respectively
tor and during the term of the President by
whom they may have been appointed, and for
one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with the consent of the Senate, and also
to correct an abuse which had grown up in the
practice of the Government of absolute re-
movals during the recess of the Senate. To
claim that Secretary Stanton does not come
under the provisions of this act is to assert that
he has not been Secretary of War since the
passage of that act, which, 1 believe, is not eon-
tended for by any one; but the President, is
estopped from asserting now in* defense that
Secretary Stanton is not within its provisions,
for in August last he was suspended from
office by die President, and the reasons for
such suspenson were given to the Senate within
the time required by the provisions of the act.
The Senate, ha ving carefully considered these
reasons, decided almost unanimously that they
wore not sufficient. After this decision the
Secretary resumed his office under the law
without objectiou from the President, and con-
tmued to exercise its duties for more than a
month ; and it will be observed that by the
very terms of the order which pretended to
remove him from office he notified the Secre-
tary of War that—
"You are hereby removed from offioe as Secretary
of the Duiiartmeut of War, and your functions as
such will terminate upon the receipt of this com-
munication
Tims removing him in open defiance of a
law winch the President had observed from its
linal passage up to that time, and in defiance
of the Senate, whose will and judgment he had
himself invoked under the law.
The President by the Constitution is espe-
cially enjoined to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed, and he is therefore not
only bound as is every other citizen of the He-
public to observe the laws that may be passed
from time to time, but has the higher duty im-
posed upon him of seeing to it that every citi-
zen obeys the laws; and if liecan setatdefiance
this law he may with equal propriety disregard
any law that may be found upon the statute-
books, and set up in defense *hat he regards
the law as unconstitutional. The very nature
of the executive office requires him to obey the
law, as it is involved in the executive authority
conferred upon him by the Constitution, and
as such executive officer he is bound to exe-
cute the laws, whatever may be his individual
opinion as a citizen With reference to their
constitutionality, and a failure on his part to
execute any law not declared unconstitutional
by the Supreme Court of the United States is
to violate his oath of office, which compels him
to take care that the laws be faithfully executed.
When laws are duly made and promulgated
they only remain to be executed. No discre-
tion is submitted to the executive officer. It
is not for him to deliberate and decide upon
the wisdom, expediency, or constitutionality
of the law; that power he has exhausted when
he retains a bill with his objections to the
House in which it originated. What has been
once declared to be law under all the cautious
forms of deliberation prescribed by the Con-
stitution ought to receive a promptobedience,
and a failure to obey in the President should
be regarded as a high misdemeanor in office.
The violation of the tenure-of'-office act is
made a criminal offense by the provisions of
the sixth section in specific terms, and declared
to be a high misdemeanor, and punishable with
fine and imprisonment. So that, when the
President took the responsibility of violating
this plain provision of law, he must have known
that by such violation he would subject him-
self to the penalty declared in that section as
well as to the high penalty of impeachment
provided for in the Constitution for officers
guilty of high misdemeanors in office.
But it is said in defense of the President
that he only intended to test the constitution-
ality of this law. As well might any criminal
plead such defense to an indictment found
against him. On the contrary, we must judge
of inteut from the act itself. The circum-
stances are such as to preclude the idea of
even Ibis poor excuse for a palpable violation
of law. lie instructed General Thomas to
assume the duties of the War Office, and he
did actually assume such duties and signed
communications and orders as such Secretary,
and that, too, after the Senate, by an almost
unanimous vote, had informed him that the
removal of Mr. Stanton and his own appoint-
ment were in violation of the Constitution and
laws of the United States.
But, Mr. Chairman, this is but one link in
a long chain of usurpations on the part of the
President. It is but a chapter (1 hope the
last) in the history of a great conspiracy, began
by the President in December, 18(>5, and con-
tinued in perseveringly to the present moment,
to turn over the government of at lea-t ten
States, if not of the whole country, to the
enemies of the Republic.
It is possible, the first act by which he has
brought himself within the provisions of_ a
criminal statute, but only one ot many in-
stances in which he has used the powers of his
high office to thwart the will and judgment of i
the people. He has attempted to usurp to j
himself the absolute control ot' the lobel States, |
and has sought by every means possible to j
thwart the execution of the humane^ laws ■
passed for their restoration to the Union.
Under his guidance life, liberty, and property
in those States have been pat in jeopardy, and
the spirit of rebellion, though dormant, is as
strong as during the war, all because this spirit
has in him an advocate. Shielded and pro-
tected and powerful because he happens to
hold the presidential office, he has tried in
various ways to secure the Army to sustain
him; and foiled in every way, nnder the forms
of law he now seeks- to wrest it by force,
thereby seeking'to place the War Department
and the Army under the control of a .weak,
irresolute old man who, will do his bidding.
In the meantime every material interest of the
country is suffering because this man persists
in retaining in office men who are utterly un-
worthy of place. The country wants peace,
and peace it cannot have while this criminal
remains in office. If we allow this last act or
acts of usurpation to pass without applying the
peaceful constitutional remedy we may natu-
rally expect that the'se usurpations will con-
tinue, until republican government itself will
be destroyed, and upon its ruins a dictatorship
established in the interest of the worst enemies
of liberty and law.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LOUGIIEIDGE,
of iowa,
In the HotrsE op Bepresentatives,
February 22, 1868,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGB. Mr. Speaker. I ap-
proach this question with a full realization of
its importance. I feel myself, and I have no
doubt but that every member of this House
feels, deeply impressed with the stern and
solemn responsibility now thrown upon them.
But, sir, 1 should be unworthy of the high and
honorable position which I hold, as the Rep-
resentative upon this floor of two hundred
thousand American citizens, did I for a single
moment hesitite to meet the issue thus pre-
sented fearlessly and firmly, and with a full
determination to follow the path of duty regard-
less of all consequences to myself personally.
Sir, I shall vote for the resolution now before
the House, declaring that Andrew Johnson,
the President of the United States, should be
impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors;
and I do it with full knowledge of the import-
ance of the act and of the responsibility which
I take upon myself in so doing. A few weeks
since I voted with fifty-six other members of
this House for a resolution of impeachment,
in the same words as this, reported to the
House by the Judiciary Committee. That res-
olution failed to pass. We were on that oc-
casion by the previous question deprived of the
opportunity of giving the reasons impelling us
to vote for that resolution, and I am on that
account the more gratified to have the oppor-
tunity now to state fully my reasons, not only
for the vote 1 propose to give now, but also for
my vote upon the former resolution. The fail-
ure of that previous resolution of impeachment
was occasioned by a desire on the part of those
Republicans who opposed it to avoid if possible
the necessity of the resort to so \iolent a rem-
edy, the fear of its effect upon the business of
the country, and the fact that the resort to it
would necessarily impede for an indefinite
length of time the general legislation of the
country. And out of a fond hope that the acting
President would for the sake of the peace of
our common country, so long suffering from the
effects of the cruel conspiracy against its ex-
istence, cease from his causeless and insane
contest with the legislative power of the_conn-
try, and his wicked efforts to render futile the
will and wish of the loyal people of the land as
declared and made known time and again,
through the ballot-box, by their Representa-
tives in Congress. ,
Uut. sir. those hopes have proved to be de-
lusive, and have by the subsequent acts «i tne
President been rudely dashed to the earth.
