3752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
gion erf and in line seventy, to strike otft the
words "another within the same district" and
to insert "any other)u so that the clause will
read:
Any internal revenue storekeeper may fee trans-
ferred by the supervisor of the district or Commis-
sioner ot Internal ltevcnuc from one warehouse to
any other.
The amendment wa  agreed to,.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the chairman
of the committee if it is supposed to be neces-
sary to have more than one of these store-
keepers to a single warehouse.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir,
Mr, HOWE. The bill provides for "one
or more" being assigned to every warehouse.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see that
we have provided that these storekeepers may
be ordered from one district to another, audit
majp be possible that sometimes experienced
storekeepers who have proved themselves faith-
ful. and good and shown themselves worthy
may be sent to a distillery in another district
and temporarily employed there.
Mr. ROW hi. The section reads, "one or
more of whom shall bo assigned by the Com*
missioner of internal Revenue to every distill-
ery warehouse.''
Mr. SHERMAN. We have left it so that in
certain eases two storekeepers may be assigned
to some of the great distilleries. It may be
neccssaryr and they may be transferred from
one to another. The whole matter is left to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and
to the supervisor of internal revenue of the
district.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me that if that
should be necessary in any case, the section
would have to be changed considerably, but
then I may be mistaken about it. it provides
for returns to be made by every storekeeper,
so that if there are two storekeepers to a single
warehouse there would be duplicate returns,
each one would have to make his owu report
from time to time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Such a case as that would
rarely occur. It would only occur in a great
distillery where one might be sent to supervise
or watch o^ver another. Probably the case
would very rarely occur; but we have allowed
for the possibility of such a case: where a
storekeeper may be under suspicion, another
storekeeper may be sent there temporarily to
discharge the duties.
Mr. HO WE. That is provided for by trans-
fer, not by duplication.
The PRESIDE NT pro tempore* The read-
ing of the bill will proceed.
The Chief Clerk read the next section, as
follows v
Skc, [51] 52. And he it. further enacted, That there
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
in every collection district whcio the same may be
necessaryr one or more internal revenue gangers,
who shall each take an oath faithfully to perform his
duties, ami shall give his bond, with one or more
sureties,satisfactory to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, for the faithful discharge of the duties
assigned to him by law or regulations; and the penal
suin of said bond shall not be less than $5,000, and
said bond shall be renewed or strengthened as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue may require. The
duties of every such gauger shall be performed un-
der the supervision and direction of the collector of
the district to which he may be assignod, or of the
collector in charge of exports at any port of entry to
which he may be assigned. Tees forgauging and in-
specting shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, to be paid to the collector by the
owner or producer of the articles to be gauged and
inspected; and said collector shall retain all amounts
so received a* sucli fees until the last day of each
month, when the aggregate amount of fees so paid
that month .shall, under regulations to be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, be raid
to the gauger performing the duty; but in any city
or part oi a city within a district where there maybe
two or more gaugers on duty, the said fees shall be
equally divided bythe collector among them. In no
case, however, shall the aggregate monthly fees of
any gauger exceed at the rate of £3,000 per annum.
All necessary labor and expense attending the gaug-
ing of any article shall be furnished and borne by
the owner oi pioducer of such articles. .Every gauger
shall, under such regulations as maybe prescribed
bythe Commissioner of Internal Revenue, make a
daily return, m duplicate; one to be delivered to
the assessor and the other to the collector of his dis-
trict, giving a true account, in detail, of all articles
gauged and proved or inspected by him, and for
whom, and the number and kind of stamps used by
him. Any gauger who shall make any false or fraud-
ulent inspection, gauging, or proof, shall pay a pen-
alty of 81.000. and on conviction, shall be fined not
less than $500 nor more than &>,000, and imprisoned
not less than three months nor more than three years.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by inserting in line twenty-
two, after the word "ganger," the words "or
gaugers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" duty," in line twenty-three, to strike out the
following clause':
But in any city or part of a city within a district
where there may be two or more gaugers on duty,
the said foes shall be equally divided by the col-
lector among them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
nine, to strike out the words "furnished and "
before the word "borne."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee" on Finance reported an
amendment, to strike out sections fifty-two,
fifty-three, and fifty-four of the House bill, in
the following words:
Sec. 52. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal lievenue is hereby authorized
to establish and designate at any port of entry in the
United States bonded warehouses for the storage of
distilled spirits in bond intended for exportation.
Suitable buildings shall bo selected for such ware-
houses, which shall not bo of less capacity than
sufficient to store five thousand barrels of distilled
spirits, and shall have no opening into or connect-
ing them with any other building, nor be within six
hundred feet of any distillery or rectifying establish-
ment, and shall be known as export bonded ware-
houses, and used exclusively for the storage of dis-
tilled spirits in bond; and no distilled spirits shall
be withdrawn or removed from such warehouses
except on an order or permit from the collector in
charge of expoits for immediate transfer to the ves-
sel by which they arc to be exported to a foreign
country, as hereinafter provided; but no distilled
spiritsshall be removed from the distillery warehouse
until the tax provided for in this act shall have been
paid, anything contained in any law to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, That a drawback
shall be allowed upon alcohol and rum exported to
foreign countries on which taxes have been paid
under the provisions of this act, of which proof shall
be furnished by the person exporting the same, under
such rules and regulations ay the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe. Before any drawback shall
be paid the exporter claiming drawback shall fur-
nish satisfactory proof that the articles exported
have been landed- in a foreign country and sold, or
consigned for sale in such country, and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescribe such xules and
regulations as may be necessary to secure the Treas-
ury of the United States against frauds. The draw-
back allowed shall include all the taxes levied and
paid upon the alcohol or rum exported, not, how-
ever, oxceeding fifty events per gallon proof-spirit:
Provided, however. That no claim for drawback shall
bo allowed on either of the said articles which shall
have been exported as aforesaid prior to the time at
which this act shall take effcct; and that if any person
or persons shall fraudulently claim or seek to obtain
an allowance of drawback on any article or articles
aforesaid on which no internal tax shall have been
paid, or shall fraudulently claim any greater allow-
ance or drawback than the tax actually paid thereon
as aforesaid, such person or persons shall forfeit and
pay to the Government of the United States triple
the amount wrongfully and fraudulently sought to
be obtained, nnd on conviction thereof shall be im-
prisoned in the penitentiary for a period not less
than one year nor more tnan ten years.
Si:o.5i. Andbe it further enacted, That any distilled
spirits may, on payment of the tax thereon, be with-
drawn from warehouse on application to the collector
of the district in charge of such warehouse, on mak-
ing a withdrawal entry, in duplicate and in form as
follows:
[Entry for withdrawal of distilled spirits from ware-
house. Tax paid.]
.Entry of distilled spirits to be withdrawn on pay-
ment of the tax from warehouse by ,
deposited on the — day of , A. D. , by ,
in said warehouse.
If withdrawn by any other than the person who
made tho deposit, the authority for so doing shall be
attached to the entry signed by the person who made
the deposit, and be in form as follows :
I authorize to withdraw from warehouse
* the distilled spirits described in this entry.
And the entry shall specify the whole number of
casks or packages, with the marks and serial num-
bers thereon, the number of gauge or wine gallons,
and of proof gallons, and the amount of the tax on
the distilled spirits contained in them; all of which
shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of the
person making such entry; and on payment of the
tax the collector shall issue his order to the store-
keeper in charge of the warehouse for the delivery.
One of said entries shsill be filed in the office of the
collector, and the other transmitted by him to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
And to insert in- lieu thereof the following 5
Sec. 53. Andbe it further enacted, That a drawback
shall be allowed upon alcohol and yum exported to
foreign countries on which taxeshave been paid
der the provisions of this act whenexported as herein
provided for. The drawbaefc allowed shall include
the taxes levied and paid upon the alcohol or runs
export ed.not, however, exceedingsisty eeotsper gal-
lon proof'spirits.and shall be paidwhenaarii*?? been?
placed on shipboard, the vessel has actually cleared
on her voyage, and the proper bonds have been exe-
cuted andfiled ashereinafterrecfaired^and t.heSecre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescribe such rules ana
regulations in relation thereto as may be necessary ta
secure tho Treasury of the United States agamsfc
frauds. And if any person shall fraudulently elaims
or seek to obtain an allowance of drawback era any
alcohol and rum on which no internal tax shall have
been paid, or shall fraudulently claim any greater
allowance or drawback than the tax actually paid
thereon,such person shallforfeitand pay to thefcJov-
ernmen t of the United States tripJetheamount wrong-
fully and fraudulently sought to be obtained, and on
conviction shall beimprisoned not less than oneyear
nor more than ten years. And any owner, a^eat, or
master of any vessel whoshall knowingly aid or abet
in the fraudulent collection or fraudulent attempt to
collect any drawback upon rum or alcohol, or shall
knowingly aid or permit any fraudulent change in the-
spirits soshippcd,sba 11, on conviction, bo lined $5,000
and imprisoned not less than one year, and the ship
or vessel on board of which such shipmerct^vasraadoy
or pretended to be made, shall be forfeited to the
United States, whether a conviction of the master or
owner be had or otherwise, and proceedings xnoy be
hud in admiralty by libel for such forfeiture.
Sec. 54. And be it further enacted, Thataleohol and
rum may be exported with the privilege of drawback,
in quantities not less than two thousand galkuite, anil
in packages containing not less than thirty gaBons
each, on application of the ownerthereof to the coll ec-
tor in charge of exports at any port of entry, and under
such rules and regulations, and after making such
entries, and executing such bonds, and giving such
other additional security as may be prescribed by law
and by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, The
entry for such exportation shall be in triplicate, and
shall contain the name of the person applying to*
export, the name of the distiller, and of the district in;
which the spirits were distilled, and the naco^ of the
vessel by which, and the same of the port to which,
they aie to be exported; and the form of the entry
shall be as follows:
[Export entry of distilled spirits entitled to draw-
back.]
Entry of spirits distilled by , in  dis-
trict, State of , to bo exported by , in tho
 , whereof is master, bouud, to ,
And tho entry shall specify the whole number of
casks or packages, the marks and serial numbers
thereon, the quality or kind of spirits as known in?
commerce, the number of gauge or wino gallons and
of proof gallons; and amount of the tax on socb
spirits shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of
the owner of the spirits, and that the tax h 3 beeo
paid thereon, and tbatthey are truly intended to be
exported to the port of , and not to be reianded
within the limits of the United States: and said
owner shall give his bond, executed in duplicate, with
one or more sureties satisfactory to said collector,
conditioned that the principal named in said bond
will export the spirits as specified in said entry to
the port of , and that the same shall not "be landed
within the jurisdiction of the United States. The
penal sum named in said bond shall be equal to not
less than double the amount of the drawback ou
such spirits. For the discharge of any such export
bond the same shall be allowed, and the same cer-
tificates of landing and other evidence shall bo
required as is or may be provided and required for
imported merchandise exported from the United
S tates, that the said spii its have been landed attheporS
named, or at any other port, beyond the jurisdiction
of the United States. One bill of lading, duly signed!
by the master of the vessel, shall be deposited with
said collector, to be filed at his office with the entiy,
retained by him; one of said entries shall be sent to
the collector of customs at said port of entry, and
when the shipment is completed the other entry
shall be transmitted, with the duplicate of the bond,
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to bo
recorded and filed in his office. Theladmgon boaid
s-aid vessel shall be only after the receipt of an order
or permit signed by the collector in charge e*f exports-
and directed to the internal revenue gauger, ami
after each ca&k or packageshall have been distinctly
marked or branded by said gauger, aslollowi; "For
export from U. S. A." The casks or packages shall
be inspected and gauged alongside of or on the
vessel by the internal revenue gauger, designated by
said collector in charge of expArts, under such rules
and regulations as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may prescribe; and on application oi' the?
said collector in charge of exports, it shall be the
duty of the surveyor of the port to designate and
direct one of the custom-house inspectors to super-
intend such shipment. The gauger, as aforesaid,
shall make a full return of such inspeetingandgaug-
ing, certifying thereon that the shipment ha^ been
made, in his presence, on board the vessel named in
the entry for export, which return shall bemdoised by
said custom-house inspeetor,certiiyingthat thecasks
or packages have been shipped under his supervision
on board said vessel; and the said inspector shall
make a similar certificate to the surveyorof the port,
indorsed on, or to be attached to. the entry m the
possession of the custom-house: Provided, hotcever,
That no clium for draw back shall be allowed on eil her
of the said uiticles whiehshaU have be^n-t-xpmtfcd
