.2728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
ever since was the fact that Mr. Stanton was
the willing agent of Congress speaking through
the law, when the President desired a Cabinet
officer in that position who should be otherwise.
When a question of that kind arises, Mr.
President, between a minister of the law and
the chief executor of it, what is to be done ?
Is the minister and the law with him to go
down, or is he to execute the law? This, sir,
was the sole cause of the President's woe, that
Mr. Stanton remained in the Cabinet, as my
friend calls it, remained attending to his duties
as Secretary of War; that the President was
determined that those acts, beginning with the
civil rights bill and the Freedmen's Bureau bill,
for which the country may thank my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Tbumihtix,] as well as
General Howard, and coming down through
all those measures to this time, were believed
in by Mr. Stanton, and the President did not
believe in them ; and so believing in them,
although he considered the tennre-of-oflice
bill, as my friend says, when it passed uncon-
stitutional, it having passed by the majority
which the Constitution requires to make it a
law he felt bound to obey it as a law instead
of assisting the President to overthrow it as a
law. And this is one marked difference be-
tween the two men—between the views of the
two men, I should say, because I mean to say
nothing offensive to the President personally;
I am merely criticising his position and his
opinions. That being the ease, sir, and that
being the reason, as we all know, why this min-
ister stood at his post as the faithful agent of
that law which we had passed at a time when
it was a greater trial to him than it was when
lie bore the whole burden of the military oper-
ations of the country as its chief administrative
officer during the war, because it was at a time
when those feelings which are common to us all
would have led him personally (as he desired
personally, to my own knowledge,) to retire
at once; and yet, in spite of those feelings,
under a sense of public duty, he stayed at his
fost as the country wanted him to do, and as
believe half % million majority of the citi-
zens of the United States, if they could have
their way, would vote to restore him to-day.
It is, sir, for that, for one, that I propose to
thank him; and for that I think the country
will thank him at a later period even than that
to which my friend from Indiana refers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, can the
resolution be divided, so as that the vote can
be had on the first clause?
The PKKSIDENT jpro tempore. It may be
amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is incapable of division.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it susceptible of
division in the vote?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a
whole, and must be voted on as a whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
read again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let it be
read, to see whether it is divisible.
The resolution was read.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I cannot
afford to let this opportunity go by without
saying something in regard to Mr. Stanton.
During the war I occupied a position which
brought me into intimate official relations with
■ Mr. Stanton, and gave me good opportunities
of judging in regard to his ability, his decision
of character, and his patriotism. I think, Mr.
President, that the country now has but an
imperfect comprehension of the great services
which Mr. Stanton rendered to the nation dur-
ing the prosecution of the war. Mr. Stanton
displayed, in my opinion, remarkable powers
of intellect. He comprehended from the very
beginning the magnitude of the contest, which
a great many of our public men failed to do,
and the preparations which he made for carry-
ing on the war were commensurate with the
necessities of the Government and the condi-
tion of the country. Mr. Stanton's prepara-
tions were almost of the most ample character.
I think he displayed very great executive abil-
ity in furnishing not only men, but in furnish-
ing materiel of war, and placing it promptly at
the point where it was needed. Mr. Stanton
displayed great courage in the administration
of his office. There was no responsibility that
he was not willing to take if he believed that
the success of the Union Army and the good
of the country demanded it. lie was exceed-
ingly prompt in the discharge of his duties.
His intellectual operations were not only accu-
rate, but they were exceedingly rapid. Mr.
Stanton lacked the arts of the politician. He
never cultivated the art of pleasing. He would
transact a very large amount of business in a
day ; but it was done by going right to the
point, of the subjects which the different parties
presented to him.
I have been present when business was pre-
sented to Mr. Stanton, and when men were
laying before him, in what they regarded as a
studied and perhaps a clear statement, the
thing which the}'wanted done or not done, and
Mr. Stanton's intellectual operations were so
rapid that long before the man got to the end
ot the story he would comprehend the point,
and decide it either for him or against him ;
and if he decided against the person he would
go away and swear that Mr. Stanton refused
him a hearing, or that he decided the case with-
out having understood the question, whereas
his intellectual operations were so rapid and
accurate that he anticipated the very statements
which were made to him, and in this way often
made enemies and brought down censure upon
his own head, iiut he would work in his office
eighteen hours out of the'twenty-four, and trans-
act an amount of business that was perfectly
incredible. I will not undertake to say that
other men could not have been found v\ho
would have conducted the affairs of the War
0dice as successfully as Mr. Stanton did, but
the chances were against finding them. He
performed ureal services for his country, and if
it had not been lor his ability, his comprehen-
siveness, his great labor, the accuracy of his
intellectual conclusions, and above all the
courage that he displayed in carrying out what
he believed the interests of the country de-
manded, it is hard to tell what might have been
the result of the war.
I will say, injustice to the Senatorfrom Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] whom Mr. Stanton
succeeded, that his views of the character of
the contest, of its immense magnitude, were
not properly understood at the time he left the
office ; that he had made provisions in the way
of arms and munitions of war which were
regarded as extraordinary, and for which he was
denounced at the time, but which subsequent
events showed had been properly determined
upon by him, and iiis action was justified by
subsequentevents. Mr. Stanton comprehended
from the day he wont into that, office the work
that he had to do, and he gave his whole time
to it. I believe that for two years he never
left this cit.y, but devoted himself day and night
to the discharge of the duties of his office. He
was not self-seeking either ; he was not pav-
ing the way to be a candidate for the presidency,
or for any other preferment; he was not trying,
to please men, either in the Army or out ot
the Army; but ho seemed to me to be actu-
ated by a single desire of discharging his duty
to the country, regardless of whom he offended
or whom he pleased. I would speak longer,
but I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] call
for a division of the resolution?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I asked the Chair if
it could be divided.
ThcPRESIDENT_pj-o tempore. There seem
to be two clauses to it, but the Chair is not
certain that it can be divided.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
the latter clause, that part of the resolution
beginning with the words ''as well."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
As well amid tb o open dangers of a great rebellion
as at a later period when assailed by the Opposition,
inspired by hostility to the measures of justieo and
pacification provided by Congress for the restoration
of a real and pennant peace.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment, which I think will obviate the
objection. It is in the sixth line, to strike out
the word "has," and in the seventh line to
strike out the words "as well," and then to
strike out all after the word "rebellion," in
the eighth line, so as to make the resolution
read:
That the thanks of Congress are due, and are
hereby tendered,to Hon-. Edwin M. Stanton, for the
great ability, purity, and fidelity to the cause of the
country with which he discharged the duties of Sec-
retary of War amid the open dangers of a great
rebellion. ^
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I prefer
the original resolution to the amendment. It
is mpre positive and direct, and expresses
more fully my views at any rate. I desire to
say here that I have approved the whole course
of Mr. Stanton in the War Department, and I
have regretted greatly that circumstances com-
pelled him to leave it. I think he has been
one of the most faithful, efficient, and able
officers this Government has ever had in any
Department. I take some pride in saying this,
because Mr. Stanton went into the War De-
partment upon my suggestion. He was no
applicant for the place, and never dreamed of
getting it until it was offered to him, and
nobody applied to Mr. Lincoln on his behalf
but myself. I had known him for years;
known him as a lawyer and as a friend. I
recommended him because I thought he had
great ability, and because from conversations
with him I was satisfied that he understood the
magnitude of the war, and especially from my
conversations with him had I discovered that
he believed, as I did, that the rebellion could
not be put down without the use of the negro
element. He agreed with me fully, even at
that early day, in the importance of arming the
negro and making him a great element in the
power which was to destroy the slave masters.
To my mind, at that day, the war could not be
closed without that element; and I think cir-
cumstances have fully justified that opinion
entertained by myself and Mr. Stanton. Dur-
ing his administration of the War Department
I believe about two hundred thousand negroes
were employed in the Army, and they were
employed just at the time when the crisis was
upon us, and when but for them the enemy
would probably have succeeded in destroying
the Government.
Having had these views from the first I
have naturally observed Mr. Stanton's course
throughout; and I believe, as I have said,
that we could have had no more faithful, no
more able man there. I doubt whether there
could be discovered in the whole country a
man so well fitted for the place. In addition
to his great ability he had a physical strength
and a power of endurance which few men
have. I was myself almost brought, to the
grave by the labors which I underwent there,
and could not have lived there six months
longer. I believed so then, and think so now.
\ ery few men couid h«.ve undergone, not only
the great fatigue of the office, but the terrible
pressure which was made on men occupying
that office by their friends and their foes. The
great difficulty I had was the annoyance of my
lriends who wished me to give them the pat-
| ronage of the Department. They were a great
, deal more troublesome to me and did me a
i great deal more harm than my enemies, for
I think a brave man can always fight and suc-
cessfully battle with his enemies, but it takes
a stronger man than I am to fight with every-
body who claims friendship, and many of whom
have a right to claim it. 1 think Mr. Stanton
was peculiarly fitted for the place, because he
had not been in public life ; he had never been
engaged in politics, except that he was ap-
j pointed to and occupied for a short time the
place of Attorney General under Mr. Bu-
chanan. In that position he did great service
tQ the country, because his patriotism pointed
