1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2729
out at once to him the improper course of his
chief, and he wisely and bravely stood out
against it.
I think that the nation has lost a brave pub-
lic servant and that a great wrong has been
done to the country by forcing Mr. Stanton to
leave that place, and I regret that he has
determined, for the sake of his health, for the
sake of his impaired fortune, to take no public
place hereafter. I know of no man who could
so ably fill any place under the Government
as I think he could.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I hope that
there will be no amendment made to the reso-
lution presented by the Senator from Vermont,
and that we shall pass the resolution exactly
as it has been submitted. I think Mr. Stanton
deserves this praise at the hands of the Senate,
and all of it, and much moie from the voice
of the country whom lie has served so ably
and so well, llistoiy, sir, will record his effi-
cient services 111 prosecuting the war to put
down the rebellion, and there will be 110 public
man in the history of the United States in this
age whose name will shine with greater luster
upon that page than the name of Edwin M.
Stanton. We owe to him much more than I
can mention here, for his great services, his
fidelity, his activity, his magnanimity, his per-
severing courage 111 putting down the rebellion
while the rebellion was flagrant. But, sir, in
saying this 1 do not underestimate that other
service which he has rendered to the country
since the close of the war. 1 look upon no act
of his as more patriotic or magnanimous than
the stern and unflinching opposition which he
conscientiously found it his duty to make to
that policy of the President of the United States
which, if it had prevailed, would have resulted
really and practically in the establishment of
the rebels themselves in power in the insurgent
States; and it was on account of this stern
opposition of his that he was requested so
modestly to resign his place by Mr. J ohnson.
Sir, he refused to resign, and why? For the
reason that in case of his own resignation and
the vacation of his office in that manner some
person might be appointed by Johnson to fill
his place who would be disposed to assist in
carrying out that most destructive policy which
had been launched by President Johnson and
other members of his Cabinet in the year 1865.
Hinc illce lachrymal. He was determined that
the laws of reconstruction as passed by Con-
gress, so far as depended on him, should be
faithfully, honestly, and efficiently carried out,
for the purpose of establishing a permanent
peace at the South and securing for all time to
come the fidelity and loyalty of the southern
people to the Constitution of the United States.
He saw, as clearly as you and I did, sir, that
without the effectuation of this policy there was
danger, great danger of a recurrence of the
rebellion itself and the ultimate disruption of
the Union.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] makes it matter of grave com-
plaint against him that he did not resign his
place when requested, but stood upon the
tenure-of-office act. Sir, it was his duly, as
an honorable man, entertaining the views
which he did, still to stand at his post and to
endeavor to carry out the reconstruction policy
of Congress. He was under no obligation to
resign his place at the request of the President
of the United States; but, on the other hand,
if public duty required him to remain at his
post, he was bound so to remain ; and I tell you,
sir, and I tell other gentlemen in this Cham-
ber, especially those who are so much inclined
to censure Mr. Stanton, that there is no act
even in his life which will redound more to his
honor as a man and a statesman than his refusal
to resign his place at the request of Mr. John-
son, and thus abandon the reconstruction policy
of Congress.
Time will not allow me to proceed further.
I might, however, allude to the false charges
which were brought against Mr. Stanton by the
President in the message which he sent to the
Senate announcing to us that he had suspended
Mr. Stanton from office. I might allude to the
false accusation brought against that pure and
incorruptible Secretary of War, that he, the
Secretary, was really and effectually responsi-
ble for the New Orleans massacre of 1866, an
event which, according to the best proofs that
have been obtained, or probably ever will be
obtained, is directly attributable to the dispatch
of Andrew Johnson of July, I860, by which
the insurgents, the Thugs, and murderers of
New Orleans were let loose to do their bloody
work upon the convention which was then in
session. Sir, in respect to that matter, let me
say that no fault lies at the door of Edwin M.
Stanton. If there be fault anywhere in refer-
ence to any official at Washington, that fault
rests upon the head of the present Executive
of the United States, who brought against Mr.
Stanton that unfounded and cruel charge. I
hope, sir, the resolution will pass as it has been
submitted, and not amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I wish
to add but a word or two to what I felt it to be
my duty to say upon this resolution. Senators
will observe that I have interposed no objec-
tion to the vote, so far as it relates to Mr.
Stanton's services as Secretary of War during
the rebellion. While I do not approve very
much that has been charged against Mr. Stan-
ton during that period, yet there is very much
that has heen charged against him that is not,
properly so charged, but that lie has been held
responsible in popular judgment for very much
that was done by others without his authority.
But, sir, I wish to know what it is that Mr.
Stanton lias done since the close of the war
that calls upon even the majority in this body
for a vote of thanks. A vote of thanks on the
part of Congress ought to be for some very
distinguished services, not for the ordinary and
routine service in a Department, but for that
which lifts a man above the age in which lie
lives, which makes him a marked man, some-
thing that has materially contributed to the
greatness and superiority of his country. What
act of the Secretary of War which he has per-
formed since the close of the rebellion do Sen-
ators refer to? I understand the Senator from
Michigan now to refer to the policy of the Secre-
tary as opposed to that of the President; that
he remained in office for the purpose of defeat-
ing the policy of the President of the United
States. IIow does that appear? When Mr.
Johnson adopted his policy in the spring and
summer of 1865, is it understood that the Secre-
tarv of War threw himself against that policy ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When the President
of the United States issued the North Caro-
lina proclamation, which was the enunciation
of his policy, was that opposed by the Secre-
tary of War ?
Sir. HOWARD. It was opposed by the
Secretary of War.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, sir, the Secre-
tary of War does not support the statement
now made by the Senator from Michigan in j
the testimony which the Secretary gave before
a committee of Congress. Let the Senator !
refer to that. I refer the Senator to the Secre- j
tary's own testimony. He remained in the j
Cabinet at that time, and there was 110 public :
protest made by him, no expression 01 his j
opposition to that policy at that time ; and, as
I understand, it received his approval.
Again, sir, the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmuxds] referred to his support of the civil
rights bill and the Freedmen's Bureau bill as a \
part of the reconstruction policy. Are Sen-
ators prepared to say that those measures
received the very cordial support of Mr. Stan-
ton? Do Senators not recollect the speech
that Mr. Stanton made in this city shortly after i
the passage of those laws, in which he evaded
the expression of an opinion in regard to them ;
in which he regarded it as quite sufficient to i
evade the question? Instead of throwing Ins
voice in favor of the policy of Congress, as
expressed in those acts, he said that those acts
were passed, and were not now the subject of
discussion. I wish to know to what part of the
conduct of the Secretary of War since the
rebellion Senators can refer as even support-
ing the policy of Congress with such energy as
that it calls tor a vote of thanks even by the
majority ?
Mr. HOWARD. , If the honorable Senator
will allow me a moment—I will interrupt but
a moment—if the Senator will look into the
testimony to which he refers he will discover
that Mr. Stanton drew up a sort of projet for
the reestablishment of the State govsrtments
in the South, and that in that projet he incor-
porated the principle of colored suffrage, which
was disagreed to by Mr. Johnson and other
members of the Cabinet; but Mr. Stanton
insisted from the beginning upon the right and
propriety of the negro voting in the rebel
States as a matter of security in the future.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I was
not to be understood that Mr. Stanton drew
up the proclamation, for I understand from the.
testimony of General Grant that that procla-
mation was almost word for word with the proc-
lamation that had been drawn up in Mr. Lin-
coln's Cabinet before his death, and that Mr.
Johnson simply adopted the proclamation that
had been prepared by Mr. Lincoln in his Cab-
inet, and read twice in that Cabinet before his
death.
Mr. HOWARD. I dislike to interrupt the
Senator, but he is entirely mistaken when he
says that that proclamation was drawn up by
Mr. Lincoln or -in Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, or
acted upon even by Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet. As
a matter of fact that is incorrect.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why, Mr. President,
the Senator had better refresh his memory. I
think he had better read the testimony of Gen-
eral Grant, as given before the committee, in
which he speaks of having seen that procla-
mation in President Lincoln's Cabinet, in Pres-
ident Lincoln's presence, twice as he believes,
and that he believes that the very language was
adopted, and that they just went on to put
that thiough. That is the testimony substan-
tially. I have it not before me, not expecting
it to come up, but that is substantially the tes-
timony upon that question. Did Mr. Stanton
object to that proclamation when it was issued?
Did he not give it the support of the War
Department V Was not the War Department
brought in support of the policy of Mr. John-
son ? And so tar as that Department could con-
tribute to it, did not that Department contribute
to the establishment of governments in the
southern States under Mr. Johnson's policy?
Then there is nothing in that part of Mr. Stan-
ton's conduct as a Cabinet officer for which
even the majority is called upon to give a vote
of thanks.
Then you refer to these other bills, his sup-
port of which, to say the least of it, was very
equivocal. When 1 read his speech 1 could
not say with certainty and positiveness whether
he was for the civil rights bill or against it,
whether he was for the Freedmen's Bureau bill
or against it. It seemed to be evasive. This
bold Secretary of War at that time was not
willing to say that the President was wrong
and that Congress was right.
Then, sir, the most marked part of his con-
duct since the close of the war is in holding on
to the ollicc of Secretary of War after he was
asked to resign. For what purpose ? To con-
trol the policy of the southern States. What
had he to do with that? W hat has he done '?
What order has he issued as Secretary of H ar
which has at all influenced the management
of affairs in the southern States? No order
of his has controlled in any one of those States,
so far as I now recollect. I do not wish to
| protract this debate, but I say that the conduct
i| of Mr. Stanton in holding on to that office and
] involving this country in the excitement which
| has so much disturbed the_ interests of the
;j people and their composure is not the subject
!l of thanks and commendation, but it will be
i written down in history as the subject of cnti-
I; cism and of rebuke, in my judgment. If
ij Senators choose to confine this resolution to
j] his policy) Ms conduct during the rebellioxi,
