206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G&Otffr.-
[February'114,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. HaigM.
40th Cojjg. ... 2d Sess:
he not only violated the Constitution, which is
the highest law of the land, but he violated
the plain provisions of the statute law. The
act of March, 1867, regulating the tenure of
civil offices, provides as follows:
"That evory person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the, advice
and consent of the benate, and ev.ery. person who
shall hereafter be appointed to any' such office, and
become duly qualified to act therein; is, and shall be,
entitled to hold such offices untiL a successor shall
have been in like manner duly appointed and quali-
fied, oxoeptas hereinafter provided: Provided, That
tho Secretaries of War, Treasury, Navy, Interior, and
Postmaster General snail hold their offices for and
during the term of the President by whom they may
have been appointed, and for one month thereafter,
subject to removal by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate."
By this act the term of office of Secretary
Stanton does not terminate until April 4, 1809,
and he cannot be removed until that time with-
out the consent of the Senate. The President,
then, in this matter, has clearly disregarded the
provisions of this law and trampled it under
root.
Sir, I need say no more. Surely the cup of
this man's iniquity is full and running over.
The people of this country have demanded his
removal long since, and they will brook no
longer delay. The nation must be freed from
the great incumbrance upon its happiness, its
peace, its prosperity ; and when that is done,
and an honest man placed at the helm, and
not till then, the nation will breathe free and
settle down into tranquillity and peacc. Gen-
tlemen upon the other side talk very flippantly
of resistance, bloodshed, and civil war. Sir,
how can it cause bloodshed and civil war for
Congress to exercise, according to the forms
of law, a power given it by the laws, a duty
devolved tipon it by the Constitution ? If any
parties see fit to resist this constitutional pro-
ceeding and its legitimate results upon their
heads be the consequences. I apprehend no
dangeir. The conspirators against this Govern-
ment and the enemies of its peace have had
enough of war; they desire no more. If they
should, all they will have to do will be to raise
their arms once again against the lawful au-
thorities of the Government, and I warn them
here that if the sword is unsheathed once more
in defense of the law and the Government it
will not be returned to its scabbard until its
work is fully completed and the disturbers of
the public peace swept from the land.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward,] in his speech to-day, claimed
that this Congress had no power to impeach
the President for the reason that it is an illegal
body and is not the Congress of the United
States, because the rebel States are excluded
from representation. Sir, by what right does
that gentleman occupy a seat upon this floor
and draw from the Treasury of the United
States $5,000 per annum for his services hero
if his position is correct? If he is right in
this, then he is guilty not only of an incon-
sistency, but of a crime, in occupying a seat in
this House, and by his presence and participa-
tion iu its proceedings giving countenance and
aid to a band of usurpers. If his doctrine is
correct' he is himself a usurper, acting aa a
member of an illegal body, which is day after
day enacting important laws and voting away
millions of dollars of the nation's money.
The gentleman is one of those who believe
that the rebels forfeited no rights by their re-
bellion. But, sir, this is not a new doctrine;
we have heard it often from that party here and
elsewhere.
The only difference between that gentleman
and myself is, that he thinks that by the rebel-
lion they forfeited no rights, while I think that
by the rebellion and their cruel war against the
Government they forfeited all their rights, and
when they surrendered were at the mercy of the
Government. That gentleman, at the conclu-
sion of his remarks, used the following lan-
guage:
"If I were the President's counselor, which I am
not, I would advi.se him, if you prefer articles of im-
peachment, to demur both to your jurisdiction and
that of the iSenate, and to issue a proclamation giving
you andall tho world notice that, while beheld himself
impeachable for misdemeanors in office before the
constitutional tribunal, he never would subject the
office he holds in trustfor the people to tho irregular,
unconstitutional, fragmentary bodies who-propose to
strip him of it. Such a proclamation, with the Army
and Navy in hand to feustain it, would meet a popular
response that would make an end of impeachment
and iinpeachers."
Sir, I am grieved and astounded that such
sentiments should fall from the lips of that
gentleman. Had the remarks been made by
some fiery young orator in the heat of passion
and the excitement of debate, without thought
or reflection, there might have been in such
case some show of palliation, but when made
by a gentleman of age and experience, one to
whom the people would naturally .look for
sound and sage advice, made with careful and
grave deliberation, it is absolutely without the
least shadow of excuse or palliation. Sir, this
is but a specimen of the dangerous element
with which the Republican party has had to
contend in the North while prosecuting the
war against the rebels in the South and strug-
gling to save the Republic, the same element
which at Chicago in 18U4 declared the war
against the rebellion a failure and demanded
that it should cease ; the same element which
opposed the war at every step of its progress,
and after the rebellion is suppressed and the
nation saved they now come here upon this
iioor and openly advise the renewal of civil
war and armed resistance to the constitutional
authorities of the Government. Sir, the lead-
ers ol'the Democratic party should beware that
their feelings of sympathy with the traitors of
the South do not lead them too far in that
direction. They should remember that—
" Viccis a monitor ot so frightful mien,
As to be hated needs but to be seen,
Yet seen too oft, l.imihur with her face,
We first endure, then pny, then embrace."
The gentleman says, "with the Army and
Navy in hand" ''ail end would be made of
impeachment and impeacheri." I suppose,
sir, by this he means to be understood that
at the head of the Army he would take posses-
sion of this Capitol, disperse this illegal Con-
gress, and consign the people's Representa-
tives here who advocate impeachment to the
dungeon or the scaffold. This, sir, is the plain
construction of his language j and I suppose,
sir, that we may prepare for our fate. There
is but one hope, and that is, that the Army
may not be "iu hand," as the gentleman terms
it, to carry out this wicked programme thus
marked out for Mr. .Johnson by his venerable
adviser from Pennsylvania.
Sir, the country will take notice of this last
manifestation of the spirit of the leaders of
the Democratic party, as made honestly, I sup-
pose, but certainly rather imprudently, upon
this floor, and made part of the records of the
country.
I am glad of the frankness and candor of
the gentleman, for to be forewarned is to be'
forearmed. But I would advise the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that before the plot he
advises is entered upon by the President, he
be very sure that the Army is "in hand," for
if that important auxiliary should happen to
be out of hand it might prove an unfortunate
undertaking for the President; and as to the
Navy I imagine that it will not figure very
largely in the conflict, for it will be entirely a
land affair.
Bat, sir, this talk of forcible resistance to the
lawful authorities of this Government, while it
shows the corruption of the men who use it, is
really deserving only of silentcontempt. Resist-
ance to the constitutional action of Congress!
Let them try it. A million of true and tried
veterans have but just laid aside their arms;
the men who carried the starry flag of freedom
in triumph over hundreds of battle-fields—
"Whore the cannon mouthing loud.
Heave in wide wreaths the battle shroud,
And gory sabers rise and fall
Jjike sheets of ilamc in midnight l>all;"
and under the lead of Grant and Sherman and
Thomas and Sheridan routed and destroyed
the proud armies of the 'rebellion. And, sir,
these men would (JuicMy— "
" With the stern joy that warriors feel,"
at the call of their toyed and honored chief-
tains fly, once more ,to the rescue ; and if they
should be called upon again to suppress a re-
bellion on. the part of> rebels aad rebel sympa-
thizers, wcue be to all who sitould oppose them,
But, sir, I apprehend no danger  f this kind,
no danger of bloodshed, no danger of civil
war. Let this House go on and fearlessly per-
form the duty imposed upon it by the. Consti-
tution, and for high crimes and misdemeanors
committed by hiui impeach Andrew Johnson,
and present articles .of impeachment before
the bar of, the Senate of the United States,
the high court of impeachment.' Let him there
be tried, and, if found guilty, from that judg-
ment there is no. appeal; Jie'wilh be removed
from the office he has so long disgraced, the
majesty of the law will be vindicated", treason
and insubordination rebuked, and the people
will be satisfied.
Sir, I trust that this is the last struggle ill the
long continued contest between the loyal peo-
ple of this land and those who have been
endeavoring to subvert and destroy the Gov-
ernment, and that the result of this proceeding
will put an .end to the efforts so persistently
made to open the doors oftheselegislative Halls
to unrepentant rebels, to place the Government
in the power of its enemies, and rob the loyal
people of the land of the fruits of their toils,
their sacrifices, and their victories. For my-
self, sir, I shall follow the path of duty I see
plainly open before me, and shall give n y vote
for the removal of this unfaithful public.o^cer.
And, speaking for my constituents,, in. their
name I demand the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson; President of the United States, for
his usurpations, his violations of the Constitu-
tion and the laws of thecountry, and his crimes
against liberty and the rights of the people.
And let it be thus demonstrated and fully un-
derstood that, in this mighty Republic, no one,
however high his official position, is independ-
ent of the people or above- their power ; that
men occupying official positions in this free
Government, insteadof beingrulersof the peo-
ple, are the people's servants, and that the will
of the people is the law of the land.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. CHARLES HAIGHT,
of sew JEKS'iir, ,*
is the House.of Reph es eif tat iyes,
Ftbnxary 24> 1868.
Tho Ilonse having under consideration the resdlu-
tion reported from the Committee on Reconstruction
for the impeachment of the President—
Mr. ISldkidoe yielded to
Mr. HAIGHT, who said:
Mr. Speaker: In the brief time allowed me
by the courtesy and kindness of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Elihudge,] for which I
am grateful, I could not, if I would, enter into
a very full discussion of' the proposed action
of this House in the impeachment of the
President of the United States. Upon a ques-
tion of such moment and importance to the
people and the interest of the country, every
Representative upon this floor should have the
opportunity to express Ms opiniohs?and should
be allowed a sufficient time to examine into
and discuss the proposition that has been sub-
mitted for consideration; because, sir, fhe
impeachment of the highest officer of the
Government is a solemn act, and one that will
leave its impress upon the nation long after
the scenes and excitement of this hour have
passed away, I know, Mr. Speaker, that I
would do violence "to the feelings and senti-
