1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
have been captured, brought to the city of
Washington as a prisoner, wounded, on the eve,
as he was informed, of death, wanting all that
such a state of things demanded, and he had
collin in person and asked from the then Pres-
ident of the United States—what unquestion-
ably never would have been refused—permis-
sion to see his son and give him $100 to meet the
wants of hia condition. The boy recovers; he is
exchanged ; the army of the confederation
would be increased by the one man, and the
cause of the enemies of the country thus aided
and abetted. Would anybody in a case of that
description hold that if Mr. Bradford had been
elected as a member of this Senate he could
be denied his seat? Not one. And yet in
principle how does that case differ from the
case-before us? In this: the son of Mr.
Thomas, in spite of his father's prayers, of his
mother's tears, of their joint appeals, contrary
to the duty which he owed to both, resolved to
go into the confederate service, and the mofley
was given him not with a view to enable him to
accomplish his purpose, but with a view to save
him possibly from starvation or death. If that
be treason every man in the land was in heart
a traitor. There may be members of the
Senate who think they possess such stoic firm-
ness that they could refuse to aid a child uuder
such circumstances; but if they are under
that impression they misapprehend their own
nature. They could not if they would, and
they would not if they could. I have, therefore,
offered a resolution that Mr. Thomas be
admitted to his seat upon his taking the oath
of office. Having made this statement to the
Senate I move that the subject be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. Before the honorable
Senator takes his seat I wish to call his atten-
tion to one point. I have not been able to
read the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary containing the testimony in this case,
and I may, therefore, speak in the dark as to
the facts which were proved before them; but
I will call the attention of the honorable Sena-
tor to this little inquiry: was not the boy at
the time he left home destitute of money;
and did not his father know of that destitution
at the moment; and did not the father, know-
ing the purpose of the boy to go into the rebel
army, and knowing his utter destitution, give
him the $100 to enable him to accomplish his
purpose ? If not for the accomplishment of
that purpose, then for what was it given ?
Would it not have had a tendency to restrain
the boy and keep him out of trouble if the
father had kept his own money in his own
pocket, thus withholding from the boy the
means of accomplishing his rebel purpose ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have been very unfor-
tunate, at least as far a8 the honorable member
from Michigan is concerned, because I have
failed to make myself understood upon the very
foint to which he has now called my attention,
said that the money was not given to enable
the boy to go at all. I have said that the boy
announced to his father his determination to
fo, money or no money, the following morn-
ing, and that the money was given to him, not
with a view of furthering his purpose, not to
enable him to go, but to save him from the
calamities which the father apprehended would
fall upon him if he should go.
Mr. President, the honorable member and
myself have reached that period of life—I have,
at least—when perhaps we have forgotten the
enthusiasm which animates a youthful day. In
the confederate service, as well as in our own,
the youth of the land did not stand, did not
pause to get money for the purpose of aiding
their respective causes. In the one case they
acted under the delusion that what they were
about to do was right; that the South had
wrongs which should be redressed; and that
the only redress open was by an appeal to arms.
It was a sad and dreadful delusion to both sec-
tions. On the other side, wedded with a devo-
tion which was never exceeded to the continu-
ing existence of the Union, and a resolve at
all hazards to uphold it, no young man who
entered the service from the State of Michi-
gan, whose sons are as loyal and as gallant as
any that were mustered under the flag of their
country, ever halted for the purpose of getting
$100 to enable him to achieve his great ana
loyal design. If I were to stop here I hope I
have substantially answered the inquiry of the
honorable member.
But the boy conld have got money. The
honorable member does not know the condi-
tion in which Maryland was then ; now, thank
God, not her condition. Her slaves were lost.
Millions and millions of money were extin-
guished forever. Her associations had been
with the South. Many of her sons believed
that the institution of slavery was not only a
lawful one, secured by the Constitution of the
United States, but resting upon the divine law,
sanctioned by Omnipotence; an error as I
think and have ever thought; and an error
which I believe is now throughout the entire
land extinguished; but they so believed, and
so believing the unreflecting youth of my State
were easily induced to come to the support of
those who seemed resolved to maintain the
Constitution according to their understanding
of it, and to resist what they appeared to
believe, and no doubt did believe, were the
unconstitutional proceedings of the Govern-
ment of the Union : an error sad and fatal for
the time, but not fatal in the future; an error
that was sure sooner or later to lead to the
same result, to afflict our posterity with a war
perhaps even more gigantic than that from
which we have just triumphantly emerged ;
but an error now put at rest, and the Union,
as I believe, is now as dear to the intelligent
men of the South as it is to the most intelli-
gent and patriotic of the citizens of Michigan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it was
my misfortune to be one of the members of
the committee who were unable to resist the
conviction upon this evidence that this gentle-
man was not the person described in what is
called the iron-clad oath. That oath, as the
Senate knows, provides, among other things,
that the person taking it shall not have volun-
tarily given aid, countenance, counsel, or en-
couragement to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility to the United States; and the pending
question is to be determined of course by
ascertaining whether the gentleman who now
claims a seat did voluntarily give aid or en-
couragement to such persons. It is purely an
intellectual question. Our sympathies have
nothing to do with it except as they are drawn
upon ingeniously to lead us to shut our eyes
to the most obvious conclusion of truth as it
appears to me upon the evidence.
I am free to say that I am one of those who
believe in the right of the State of Maryland
to select her own Senators. It is no part of
my business to assist her in her choice, or to
impede the execution of it, provided she
selects the class of persons who under the
Constitution and the laws are qualified, in the
legal sense, to represent her, and it is always
with extreme reluctance that I am willing to
refuse admission to any member who has been
regularly elected by a State. I would go as
far as I could in the direction of believing that
whatever a State has done in such a respect
must be taken to be right; but as I have said,
I was one of those who was forced against my
wishes to believe upon this evidence it to be
plain that the gentleman who now claims his
seat here has voluntarily, by the act of his
voluntary will, given aid and encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostility to the
country.
I have said that this is not a question of sym-
pathy ; it is a question of intellectual conclu-
sion upon the evidence as to what the truth
really is. If it were a question of sentiment
and sympathy I would call the attention of
Senators to the fact that there is another senti-
ment that is deeply implanted, I trust, in the
hearts of Senators as that of love for their chil-
dren and desire that they should not suffer from
cold and want; and that sentiment is the love
of country and the hatred of treason.
Now, what is this evidence? I do not pro-
pose to into it at length to-day, but I think it
due to the Senate that something should be said
on the part of those members of the committee
who differ from the honorable Senator from
Maryland in reply to his observations now.
What is this evidence? The evidence dem-
onstrates this, I think: that while Governor
Thomas, previous to this occasion, cannot be
said to have done any act hostile to the United
States, he was, nevertheless, (using this sym-
pathetic method of expression,) in full sympathy
with the enemies of his country. He believed
in the beginning that the Government should
not put down the rebellion. He believed that
the rebels were fighting to assert their rights.
Headhered to that belief; and his speech on the
occasion of his accepting the nomination to this
very office demonstrates that he still adheres to
that opinion. He has a right to his opinions, it
is true. I do not quarrel with those. He is
laboring under a great delusion; but he has a
right to the delusion, if it be one. But it is
necessary to bear that fact in mind in order to
have a proper light in which to view the acts
that he actually afterward did do; and what
he did do was to furnish his son, a minor, sub-
ject by the laws of Maryland to his legal con-
trol, subject by the laws of all civilized countries
to his legal control, and subject by the laws of
nature to his moral and physical control, the
money that was essentially and indispensably
necessary to fit him out for armed opposition to
the Government.
My honorable friend from Maryland is mis-
taken when he tells us that this money was not
the essential sinews of warfare which were to
fit out this young man for this expedition. He
had been desirous of joining the rebel service
from the first. His father, it is true, as the
evidence shows, had dissuaded him from it.
Upon what ground I should be glad to know.
Upon the ground that he was to commit an
act of treason ? that he was joining the wrong
side? By no manner of means. Upon the
ground that any affectionate parent might put
his opposition to his son's joining the Union
Army, and that was that he would be exposed
to suffering; he would be in danger of death;
he might be wounded; he would get no honor
or credit by it. That last a Union man would
not have said, but the rest he might. Un-
doubtedly the father felt all those sentiments.
They are natural, they are proper. Certain-ly
they are. Nobody questions that. The son
having desired to join this rebel army, in the
Maryland line, as it was called, found it neces-
sary to fit himself out for the expedition, be-
cause, as you know, the lines which separated
Maryland from the rebel confederacy were
guarded by thousands of the loyal soldiers
of the North. The active operations of the
Army were necessarily impeded by the fact
that we were obliged to keep large forces of
Union soldiers all along the lines to opposo
rebels on the north side of them as well as on
the south side of them. This son must be fur-
nished with the means to get through the lines
in order to"join the Maryland regiment that he
desired to join. What does the evidence show
took place ? I read from the evidence of' the
son himself:
" Question. Did yon take part either way ?
Answer, 1 did.
"Question. With which ride?
" Ansicer. On the confederate side.
" Question. Were you in the rebel service?
" Answer. Yes. sir. , , , _
" Question. Did your father know when yon left
hom>- that you were going into the rebel service?
" Answer. Be knew that that was my intention.
That was my intention when X left home.
" Question. Did he furnish you any assistance?
" A newer. Not for that purpose.
" Question. Did you receive any assistance from
him?
"Answer. laid.
*' Question. In what?
"Answer. I received $100from him.
" Question. At the time you left?
"Answer. Yes, sir; at the time I left.
"Question. Did he know where,you were going?
"Answer. He knew where X started for.
" Question. Did you talk over with him, before yott
left, your dosisns? .
"Answer. Yes, sir. "
" Question. What did he >ay to you ?
