1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
40th Gong....2d Sess,
Impeachment—Mr. Haight.
Ho', op Reps.
ments of the conservative constituency I have
the honor to represent, if I did not rise from
my seat upon this grave occasion and protest
in their name against this revolutionary act.
Mr. Speaker, the report and resolution pre-
sented by the Committee on Reconstruction
on Saturday afternoon to this House had the
eft'eet not only to startle many of the mem-
bers, but the people throughout the length and
breadth of the land have been aroused to the
most intense excitement and alarm, by the sud-
den and precipitate action of the committee in
reviving a subject that everyone supposed had
been forever consigned to the tomb of the
Capulets. This is the third attempt at im-
peachment, and from the evidence around us
no one doubts but that this time it will prove
successful. Why, sir, if we are permitted to
judge from the declarations and acts of gentle-
men on the other side of this House, in whom
rests the power, it is already a fixed determin-
ation. Argument must and will fail to have
any effect. The President of the United States
will be impeached and as soon as possible
arraigned at the bar of the Senate upon charges
of high crimes and misdemeanors. Heretofore
Earty passion, party prejudice, and party hatred
as been stayed in its mad and revolutionary
attempts to strike'down the Chief Executive,,
and through him one of the coordinate branches
of the Government. The time necessary to
take testimony upon which charges could be
predicated, and the reflection of the more mod-
erate in council among those on the other side,
and the potent voice of the people, has pre-
vented its consummation. The undue haste
that characterizes the present movement is the
result of the failure to impeach the President
on former occasions; but those who possess
the power are determined that it shall not fail
this time, for it is through impeachment that
the majority hope to perpetuate their power,
even if it should imperil the institutions of the
country and destroy the liberties of the people.
The object now so sure of accomplishment
might bei defeated by delay and careful delib-
eration.
Mr. Speaker, I confess never to have been
a particular admirer of Andrew Johnson. He
is not the President of my choice, or those
with-whom it is my pleasure to act. Yet I
have never doubted his loyalty and patriotism,
Or his desire to advance the best interest of the
country. He is the President Of the other
side, but we give him credit for the three years
that he has stood as a barrier against which the
surging tide of fanaticism has beat with impo-
tent malice. It is the presidential office and
not the President that we are defending from
the attacks of radicalism.
The unlimited and searching investigation
into the conduct and administration of the Pres-
ident by the Judiciary Committtee, and the
subsequent action of this House upon the evi-
dence submitted to it by that committee, is con-
clusive that previous to the removal of Edwin
M. Stanton from the War Department the Presi-
dent had not been guilty of anything upon
which an impeachment could be based. It is
known to this House and the country that every
effort was made, and means of the most doubt-
ful character, to say the least, resorted to, by
those who were determined on his removal, to
effect the result. It is fortunate for the ends
of justice and the truth of history that the
proposition now submitted is divested of all
Extraneous matters, ahd the question to be de-
cided is sitriply whether the President, in the
removal of Mr: Stanton, has violatedthe Con-
stitution and committed an offence for which
he is liable to be impeached and removed from
office by the Congress of the United States.
I am persuaded that the verdict of the peo-
ple and of history will be pronounced against
the impeachers and in favor of the impeached.
The attempt to disguise this proceeding will be
ineffectual; the President has dared to oppose
the unconstitutional acts and' usurpations of
Congress, and in warning the people of the
dangers that threatened them has incurred the
hatred and animosity of the gentlemen on the
other side, and, in orderto remove an obstacle
to their aggressive policy they seek to depose
the President for the advancement of party pur-
poses. The President in removing Mr. Stanton
has only done what has been done by his pre-
decessors from the formation of the Govern-
ment down to the time of Mr. Lincoln. The
right of removal by the President was settled
at an early period in the history of the country.
As early as 1789, when the question was before
Congress, Mr. Madison said :
"That the power of removal was a power that be-
longed, under the Constitution, exclusively to the
President and could not bointerfered with, regulated,
or controlled by the legislative department."
The decision upon this question by the First
Congress has always been acquiesced in.
Judge Story and Chancellor Kent, in their
Commentaries on the Constitution, have de-
clared that the power to appoint and remove
executive officers holding at pleasure is vested
under the Constitution in the President. Chan-
cellor Kent says:
"The President is the great responsible oflioer for
the faithful execution of the law, and the power of
removal was incidental to that duty, and might often
be requisite to fullill it."
. Judge Story, in referring to this question,
says:
"After a most animated discussion the vote finally
taken in the House of Representatives was affirma-
tive of the power of removal in the President, with-
out any cooporation of the Senate, by the vote of
34 members against 20."
And further on he says:
"The public have acquiesced in this decision."
The decisions of the courts have been in the
same direction. In order to secure the proper
execution of the laws the framers of the Con-
stitution made the right of removal an incident
of the executive powe . "He shall take care
that the laws bo faithfully executed."
How can the President have the laws faith-
fully executed unless aided by a Cabinet who
entertain general views in accord with his?
The President must have power over those who
execute the laws; it inheres in him by virtue
of his office. There must also be unity of pur-
pose and action between the President and his
Cabinet ministers, for the discharge of the
responsible duties imposed upon the Execu-
tive by the Constitution. The power of the
President over the various officers of his ap-
pointment has long been conceded. The Re-
publican party, through its Senators, during
the administration of Mr. Lincoln in 1864, held
it to be the duty of a Cabinet minister to resign
whenever he disagreed in political principle
and general policy with the President; but not
only that, they went further and declared it to
be the right and duty of the President to make
changes in his Cabinet, when there existed a
difference between them in political sentiment.
To substantiate this assertion I need only to
call the attention of this House to a paper
drawn up and signed by Senators, including
many who now occupy seats in the other end
of the Capitol, as indicating their views and
opinions at that time upon the question of
removal of a Cabinet officer.
In 1804 Montgomery Blair was a member
of Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, holding the position
of Postmaster General. It became known
that Mr. Blair differed from the President on
political subjects connected with the Adminis-
tration, whereupon the Radical Senators,
nearly all of them being still in the Senate,
caused to be drawn up and signed and pre-
sented to the President the following paper:
"The theory of our Government, the early and
uniform practical construction thereof, is that the
President should be aided by a Cabinet council
agreeing with him ill political principle and general
policy, and that all important measures and ap-
pointments should be the result of their combined
wisdom and deliberation. The most obvious and
necessary condition of things, without which no Ad-
ministration can succeed, we and the public believe
docs not exist, and therefore such selections and
^Massachusetts.
H0hio. ' 't;
changes in its members should be made as wilt se-
cure to the country unity of purpose "and action in
all material and essential respects, more especially
in thu present crisis of public affairs.
" The Cabinet should be.exclusively composed of
statesmen who are the cordial^resolute, unwavering
supporters of the principles and purposes above-
mentioned."
CHARLES SUMNER,T
HENRY WILSON, j
BENJAMIN If. ITABi
JOHN SHERMAN, "
L. M. MORRILL, 1 : :
W. P. PBSSBM>EN J Mame-
JAMBS DIXON, 1
L. S. FOSTER, f Connecticut.
fALC°of°CNOlSER,}Vermont.
jraN^RHALB!'K'}Now HamPsMre.
JI. B. ANTTIONT. Rhode Island.
ZACHARIAH CHANDLER, Michigan.
0. H. BROWNING, •
LYMAN TRUMBULL, J
JAMES HARLAN, >w „
JAMES W. GRIMES,/lowa-
S. C. POMEROY, Kansas.
J. R. D001ITTLE,) Wi„. •
T. 0. HOWE, J Wisconsin.
Many of the Senators who signed that'paper
now vote to keep a Cabinet officer ofiice
against the President's will.
But is claimed that under the first section
of the act to regulate the tenure of ©crfcain
civil offices, passed March 2, 1867, the righfc
to remove the Secretary of War was taken
from the President. The section reads 'as
follows:
"That every person folding any civil office to which
he lias been appointed by and with the advice and
conscnt of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter bo appointed to any such office and shall
bocome duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall have
been in like manner appointed and duly qualified,
cxcept as heroin otherwise provided; Provided, That
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of \\ ar, of
the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney General, shall hold their
offices respectively for and during the term of the
President by whom tliey may have been appointed,
and for one month thereafter, subjcct to removal by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
By this section of the tenure-of-office .bill it
is provided that the Cabinet officers " shall
hold their offices respectively for and during
the term of the President by whom they may
have been appointed, and for one month there-
after." It is very evident that the foregoing
section of the bill does not prevent the Presi-
dent from removing the Secretary of War, be-
cause Mr. Stanton was not appointed by Pres-
ident Johnson and never held any commission
under him. He was appointed and commis-
sioned by Mr. Lincoln during his first adminis-
tration on the 15th of January, 1862. The only
commission Mr. Stanton ever held as Secretary
of War. is the following, and it is important in
view of the proposed action of-this House and
the course Mr. Stanton has pursued:
Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States.
To all who may see these presents^ greeting:
Know you, that reposing spccial trust and confi-
dence in the patriotism, integrity, and ability of
Edwin M. Stanton, I have named, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and appoint hiui
to be Secretary of War for the United States, and do
authorize and empower him to execute and fulfill the
duties of that office according to law, and to have
and to hold the said office, and all the powers, privi-
leges, and emoluments to the same of right appertain-
ing unto him, the said Edwin M. Stanton, and dur-
ing the pleasure of the President of the United Stages
for the time being.
In testimony whereof I have executed these let-
ters to be made patent and the seal of the United
States to be hereunto affixed. Given underlay hand
nt ihe city of "Washington, the 15th day of January,*
in the year of our Lord, 1862, and of the Independ-
ence of the United States of America, the eighty-
sixth. ■ ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
By the President:
Wm. H. Seward, Secretary of State.
It is only necessary for me to direct atten-
tion to the language of this commission. Edwin
M. Stanton is appointed Secretary of War to
hold "during the pleasure of the Pres-deut of
the United States for the time being.''
The construction placed upon the tenure-of-
office bill by the President is in accordance
