2732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
change and modification of the State constitu-
tion, that of necessity in its very nature was
permanent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Without the approval of
Congress ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUCICALEW. Mr. President, it is
proposed to thank Mr. Stanton by resolution
of' Congress on his retiring from long incum-
bency of the War Department, commencing
in 1862, and, with a slight interruption, con-
tinuing down until the end of the impeachment
trial. What is he to be thanked for is the
question propounded to me and other members
of the Senate, and it must be answered. What
is he to be thanked for in this formal man-
ner? He is to be thanked for one of two
things, as the resolution is explained to us.
He is to be thanked for services performed by
him as Secretary of War during the continu-
ance of the rebellion, or he is to be thanked
for the conduct which lie lias pursued during the
last year in regard to retaining possession of
the War Office.
Now, Mr. President, as Mr. Stanton has
retired after a prolonged controversy, in which
he has been the prominentfigure, from the War
Department, and has surrendered possession
of it up to the President of the United States,
1 would be disposed to say nothing further about
him ; I would becontentto lethim pass from the
public scene for the time being without a word
of complaint or a word of censurc on his past
conduct. He has retired; that is sufficient;
and it is not necessary that those who have
iisagreed with him in opinion and have thought
unfavorably of his conduct should say any-
thing further about him or about that conduct.
But, sir, this resolution is brought here and it
is put before us to be voted upon. It is con-
ceived i$ such terms, it is expressed in such
language, that it must be when it is passed a
simple party resolution. It is not a tribute of
respect from the Congress of the United States
to a distinguished public servant for great and
brilliant services performed in behalf of the
country. As drawn, in the form in which it
is presented, it must be the tribute of a politi-
cal party, through its representatives in the
two Houses of Congress, to a gentleman who
has agreed with them in opinion, and has done
certain of their party work and lias been iden-
tified willi them in certain party controversies
and disputes.
All I desire, Mr. President, to do upon this
occasion, having described the nature of the
resolution, the character which it must bear
after it is passed, if it shall be passed, is to pro-
test against that system of congressional action
of which this is an example.
1 believe, Mr. President, if you go back
to the history of this country from the begin-
ning you will find our records clean and pure
from party compliments by Congress. 1 do
not remember any resolutions to compliment
a distinguished party chief or party man for
services which he has rendered to his political
friends. _ I know that Congress has thanked
distinguished public servants who, upon the
field of battle, and sometimes, on a lew rare
occasions, in civil life, have rendeied such
service to the country that it lias commanded
the respect of both the parties into which our
population is divided, and commanded the
respect of people in foreign countries who dis-
cern the progress and character of our Gov-
ernment. Perhaps in recent years there may
have been some^ resolutions passed compli-
menting distinguished military officers which
were prompted somewhat by party motives,
but which, upon the face of them, were directed
simply to distinguished military service in the
field.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend from
Pennsylvania refer to the recommendation of
the President to thank Ueneral Hancock?
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir; 1 speak of
resolutions passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought you did refer
to that.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am speaking of the
action of Congress, and not of propositions that
have been submitted to it, and which have been
refused or have not been acted on by the two
Houses.
Now, Mr. President, having explained my
view of this case so as to indicate my vote, X
shall not multiply words in pointing out the
grounds of objection which I have to Mr. Stan-
ton's conduct during the last year further than
to say this: in the first place, Mr. Stanton lias
attempted to hold an office under a law which
he himself believed to violate the Constitution
of the United States. I cannot approve of that
conduct myself; I cannot laud it; I cannot
praise it; 1 cannot hold it up as an example to
others for other public officers to follow. Mr.
Stanton said in August last that he desired
only to hold his office until Congress met, till
the Senate was in session ; and yet when Con-
gress met, when the Senate was in session in
December last, he did not resign; he did not
end the controversy between himself and the
President, as lie had led the country to believe
he would; hemaintainedhisattitude,andcaused
further difficulties and disputes between the
President and the Senate to go on for many
weeks afterward, until he secured a vote appa-
rently reinstating him in the office. What did
he do then, sir? What reasonable men would
have supposed natural aud proper under the
circumstances—pass over a resignation, having
vindicated the point of honor for himself?
No ; lie did no such thing ; he took possession
of tlie office, and apparently intended to hold it
in spite of the President and against the will
of his executive chief indefinitely in the future.
By these means ho produced the orders of the
21st of February of the President, and precipi-
tated upon the country this scandal or this
inconvenience of impeachment. We have had
a very expensive trial, wo have had the public
business protracted for months by reason of
this conduct of Mr. Stanton, and arising out of
it. Now, sir, if his friends say that this was
mere matter of judgment, that nothing more
could be said of it than it was a niisjudguieiit
or an error on his part 
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not say that.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If they should say that,
I think it is the best thing that can be said of
it, the most favorable thing, at least, which I
can admit; but what then? Why, he has acted
unfortunately, unwisely, and has brought upon
the public councils of his country great incon-
veniences and serious mischiefs, and has agi-
tated the country for a long period of time to
no purpose, and at the end of it he is obliged
to retire from his position, give up that office
which he has sought to hold.
As I said before, I am willing to let all this
pass. We have gone through this ordeal of
our institutions, and we have come forth from
it without any injurious result, in my judgment,
and without any great mischief having fallen
upon us except the annoyance and the haz-
ard and the time; but it is, from any point of
view, perfectly absurd, even for those who
think Mr. Stanton has been right in these pro-
ceedings, to thank him for it.
It cannot be, sir, that we are to pass this
resolution because Mr. Stanton did material
seivice and worked diligently during the war.
The war ended three years ago—in 18C5 ; here
we are in 18G8. Thanks ought to be timely
for public service. When a general has won a
great battle,when lie has struck down a proud
enemy that is invading our shores, wo ought to
thank him upon the moment. When he has j
performed any other great service we ought to i
thank him at the time. It is a very tardy and '
ungracious thing to go back and attempt to !
thank Mr. Stanton for services as a civil Sec- >
retary during the war. Why not thank Mr. 1
Seward,who worked with equal diligence, and I
perhaps did more labor, if we are to judge j1
from the magnitude of the volumes aecuniu- j!
lated on behalf of his country? ||
And he suffered what Mr. Stanton never did
suffer ; he suffered personal injury by his posi-
tion as a public servant ; lie invoked the hos-
tility* of a would-be assassin, and bears upon
his own person yet the marks of a ruffian out-
rage. He was a member of the Cabinet dur-
ing the same time, pa'ssed along with Mr. Stan-
ton, shoulder to shoulder with him through the
war from beginning to end. Why*not thank
other members of the Cabinet who performed
service under Mr. Lincoln, and whose names
are yet green in the recollection, no doubt, of
the Senator from Vermont, and of other Sena-
tors who think with him? No, sir, you are
not thanking Mr. Stanton for his services; you
are not thanking him for courage, for perse-
verance, for indomitable will, for prodigious
industry during the great trial of years which
taxed the energies of all patriotic men to the
utmost. No, sir ; you are thanking him for a
partisan act, for partisan conduct during the
last twelve months; and it is in vain that you
go behind that and attempt to revive our recol-
lcctions of the war to get a color for the pas-
sage of your resolution from considerations of
that kind. I think, sir, in regard to a man who
has attempted to hold an office which he, ac-
cording to his own expressed opinion, could
not hold under the Constitution of the United
States, who has falsified the expectations which
the country had of his proposed conduct when
he was suspended in August, 18G7, and who
has now only retired from the encounter under
the compulsion of the disastrous public result
of the impeachment trial which he provoked,
all that can be asked for him by his friends is
the indulgence of silence, that as soon as possi-
ble the curtain of oblivion should be cast over
the transactions of the past year, and that Mi*.
Stanton hereafter should be judged by his
future conduct and justly treated.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I shall
not take up the time of the Senate ; I merely
wish to state that in the vote on this resolu-
tian, if I shall vote against it—and 1 think I
shall in its present shape—I do not wish to be
understood as being unwilling at all to express
thanlfs to Mr. Stanton for his services in the
War Department during the rebellion. I sup-
pose that no Senator here entertains a higher
regard for Mr. Stanton and his services than I
do, and I am perfectly willing to express that
regard in a resolution ; but, as has been very
justly stated by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Buckalew,] this assuredly is not in-
tended to thank Mr. Stanton for anything he
did during the war. This is too tardy ; it comes
to slow for that. The rebellion ceased in the
spring of 1865. This resolution is offered in
the year 18G8. The rebellion closed in April,
1805. This is the 1st of June, 1868. After
the lapse of over three years we are now called
upon for the first time to express thanks to Mr.
Stanton. Mr. President, that is no compli-
nient to Mr. Stanton at all. I do not so regard
it. I would not so regard it if it were to me.
Then there can be butone purpose in this res-
olution. What is that? Is it to compliment Mr.
Stanton for his services during a time of peace,
since the war? Certainly it cannot be intended,
as I said, for anything during the war, because it
is too slow. Then it is for that which has
occurred since. Do the Senator from Vermont
and those who favor this resolution sav that it
is usual or customary to thank heads of Depart-
ments for civil services? Has it ever been
done ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We intend to say just
what the resolution does say.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 ask the Senator if
there is any precedent for such a proceeding ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
there is or not; but in this particular case I
think it is high time to make one.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not understand
why the necessity arises for making one. There
are some things that I could say in vindication
of Mr. Stanton in regard to allegations which
have been made against him, if it were neces-
sary to vindicate his character, for I think I
know something about Mr. Stanton's views in
regard to reconstruction, at least down to Octo-
ber, 1865. But Mr. Stanton does not need
anything that I may say in his vindication ;
nor does he need one word of this resolution ;
