208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Nicholson.
40TH CoNa..,.2D SESS.
wit& the deelaxatians of,distinguished Senators
who helped to frame the law, made in the Sen-
ate when it was under consideration. It was
expressly stated that in the passage of the bill
it was :not the intention or purpose, and the
law itself did not prevent the present Presi-
dent from removing the Secretary of War, the
Seetet&ry of the NaVy, and the Secretary of
State. I know of no better rule to be relied
upon in the construction- of a law than the ex-
pressed intention of the legislators in making
it. A,mi we are not left in doubt/upon the right
of tho President, to remove the Secretary of
War underthis tenure-of-office bill, if we go to
the record. When the bill was pending before
the Senate, Mr. DoolitTle said:
" I suppose it is aimed at the present head of the
e^mfcivecdfi^artDsient,- to bind hitn to keep certain
members of his Cabinet, for it was openly avowed in
the discussion of this bill when it was up before, that
ittfould beintolerahle to allow tho present Execu-
tive Magistrate to have the powerof removal over
certain members of the Cabinet mentioned by mime.
Now, this project does notrcach those members at all.
Theterms of this provision are:
44 4 That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmas-
ter General, and tho Attorney General, shall hold
their ofEces respectively lor and during tho term of
the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed; and for one month longer.'
"Now. let us look at tho facts. The Secretary of
"War was appointed by Mr. Lineoln during his first
term: he never luis been appointed bince; ho has
nc^er received any appointmentsince. Mr. Lincoln
gave him no appointment during bis second term,
bat he held over. Mr. Johnson lias given him no
appointment, but he has held over. So of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and so of the Secretary of State.
The Secretary of tho Interior, to be sure, and the
Postmaster General and tho Attorney General have
been appointed by Mr. Johnson since tho presiden-
tial offiee devolved on him; and by the terms of this
faW the Secretary of the Interior, the I^ostmaster
General, and the AttorneyGeneral mustremain dur-
ing Mr. Johnson's term; but the Secretary ofState,
the Seoretarv of War, and theSecrotary of the Navy,
according to tho terras of this provision, may bo re-
moved by him to-morrow."
. Again : -
" I-,referred not to thccommittee of conference', but
I'fcfor'r&i'to tjie debate on the original bill when it
tt as pending,in which debate it wasopeuly stated by
SOMO'friends of ibis restriction on tho President's
t)0\ycr over the Secretaries that it was not to bo tol-
erated that the present Chief Magistrate should have
the power to remove tho Secretary of War by name.
" Mr. Shkrman. Souk; Senatormay have had that
purpose.
"Mr. Doolitti.k. I heard it in debate; I speak
not of what may have been the views of individual
Senators not expressed on the floor of the Senate. I
allude to what was openly stated in debate.
" Mr. Sherman. That tho Senate had no euch pur-
pose is shown by its vote twice to ma.ko this excep-
tion, That this provision docs not apply to tho
pfesent case is shown by the fact that its language is
so framed as not to apply to the present President.
Tho Senator shows, that himself, and argues truly
that it/would not prevent theprcsejit President, from
removing the Secretary of War, the Secretary of tho
Navy, and the Secretary ofState. And if I supposed
that cither of these gentlemen was so wanting in
manhood, in honor, as to hold his placc after the
politest intimation by the President of tho United
States tlist.his services were no longer needed, I cer-
tainly, as a Senator, would consent to his removal at
any time, and so would we all."
Bat,'Mr. Speaker, suppose the Presidcntdid
cosfitait  ii. eyrer in the construction of the
tenure act,-which I deny,-is that sufficient cause
of impeachment for high crimes and misde-
meanors ? I think I cat)not be mistaken as to-
what'mil bo the verdict of the people upon this
question. It is- the merest pretext, seized
upon" to accomplish what is rendered nccessary
in the opinion of the majority of this House by
party exigencies. Mr. Stanton is in charge of
the War department, the President requests
him to resign, and, in the language of Senator
Sherman, he is so wanting in manhood and
honor, as to hold his place contrary. to the
wishes of the President. The President then
attempts to remove him, as he had a right to
under the Constitution and the' laws. Mr.
Stanton declines to surrender the War Depart-
ment, and that brings the constitutional right
of the President to remove Mr. Stanton before
the courts—which is not desired by the gentle-
men on the other side—for it is admitted that
they often act outside of the Constitution, and
iu this we have the cause of the President's
offending, and for whieh he is to be impeached
for high crimes and misdemeanors.
Mr. Speaker, the tenure-of-office bill was a"
direct attempt on the part of the legislative
branch qf the Government to encroach upon a
coordinate branch and absorb its powers. In the
wise distribution of political power into three
distinct and independent branches—the legis-
lative, judiciary, and executive—each one pos-
sessing, its proper and legitimate functions,
consists the strength of the Government; ana
the attempt of the legislative department to
appropriate to itself the powers that belong to
the other departments is inconsistent with the
principles that underlie our system, and if per-
sisted in will result in its destruction. Fortwo
years Congress has been acting independent of
the Executive, and has lately made war on the'
Supreme Court. The object of these innova-,
tions is to consolidate the powers of the coor-
dinate branches of the Government wholly in
the legislative. The Government that the gen-
tlemen on the other side arc preparing for the
people of this country, is one in which the
power to pass laws, decide their validity, and
provide for their execution, shall be lodged in
one department.
Mr. Speaker, I have been surprised, and the
people of the country will be surprised, when
the record of the.last two days' proceedings in
the American Congress are spread before them.
When they are informed that at this moment
the War Department is an intrenched camp,
ready at any time to bo used as the basis of
civil war, they will realize the perils of the
hour. When the bitter denunciations of parti-
sans, sitting in the capacity of a grand inquest
of the nation under the solemn obligations im-
posed upon them by the Constitution, are read,
as they will be, by the people, these pro-
ceedings will appear in their true light, and be
understood; but not, Mr. Speaker, as some
gentlemen have said, for an officer, but for
officers, and to perpetuate the powerof a party.
The President of the United States is to be im-
peachedby a partisan House, and removed from
office by a partisan Senate, who have already
by their course prejudged the case. The Pres-
ident of the Senate, Mr. Wade, is to be placed
in the executive chair, and tho whole power
and patronage of the Government thereby
secured to the radical party. The policy thus
determined upon is to be followed by the
passage of an act by Congress conferring the
right of suffrage upon the negroes in all the
States against the expressed will of the people
and in utter disregard of their rights. This is
the programme adopted to secure a contin-
uance of Radical power. Having unbounded
confidence in the intelligence of the people
we can well afford to abide their decision ; from
it we seek no appeal.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. NICHOLSON,
of delaware,
Iff the Hocse of Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolution that Andrew Johnson, Presidoht of
the Uni ted States, be impoaehed of high crimes
and misdemeanors.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. Speaker, the evi-
dent determination of the majority of the
House, to adopt this resolution fills me with
dread and deep concern for the future of my
country; and I am so overwhelmed with a
sense of my inability to say aught that can for
a moment arrest the headlong fury of this
onslaught against the Chief Executive of tile
nation, that I am almost deprived of the power,
of opposition. But, sir, that the voice of my
constituents may be heard at this solemn
moment, and that I may not go down to his-
tory as silent when such a foul wrong as this
is attempted, I must briefly protest against
what I can consider neither more nor less than
the climax of those revolutionary acts which,
have marked the existence of the Republican
party ever since they qame into power.
Having plunged the country into civil war
of a magnitude unparalleled in ipodern history;
created ,in four years a public debt aitceeding
in its enormous proportions the debt, of Great
Britain, which had been accumulating for a
century, and which will burden with oppress-
ive taxes thii whole people down to the latest
posterity; having desolated the fairest, and
moi?t productive half of our common country,
refused to restore it to such a position as would
enable it to contribute its full share to lighten
the burden of taxation, but father hastened by
unjust legislation to complete so much of the
work of destruction as the war had left unfin-
ished ; having upturned society and reversed the
former natural relation which existed between
the races by causing the worth, virtue, iptelli-
genoeand genius of the South to pass under the
yoke, and grace the triumph of their former
slaves, they now propose in the very wanton-
ness of power, and as if to exhibit to the ut-
most their powers of destruction, to convulse
the whole land throughout its length and
breadth, and perhaps bring ujwn us again all
the horrors of civil strife by impeaching the
President of the United States.
I will briefly consider the cause and conse-
quences of this strange, unexampled proceed-
ing. The assumed violation of the tenure-of-
oflice act seems to be the cause of this sudden
outburst of fury. Those on the other side who
take to themselves credit for having heretofore
voted agaiust impeachment acknowledge as
much. The long list of high crimes and mis-
demeanors enumerated in the report of the
Judiciary Committee furnished no just ground
of accusation against the President to their
conservative minds. But let him no sooner
exert the executive power vested in him by the
Constitution iu the attempt to relieve himself
of the hated presence of an obnoxious Secre-
tary who 110 longer possesses his, confidence,
am! from whom he can no longer receive ad-
vice, then at once the scales fall from the eyes
of these conservative gentlemen and they be-
hold a dreadful crime and misdemeanor. The
images of C®sar, Napoleon, Charles I, James
II, and other horrid tyrants start up before
their affrighted vision. With what virtuous
indignation do they declare that "forbearance
has ceased to be a virtue." And their Sudden
yearning for peace is such that to obtain it
they are also ready to join in the cry " off with
his head!"
The unanimity of opinion thus far expressed
is most astonishing. There seems to be no
doubt, no hesitation whatever. The offense
of the President appears to be regarded as so
plain and palpable a violation of the Constitu-
tion and laws that gentleman declared that,
however'reluctant they may be, they are irre-
sistibly brought to the concl usion that the safety
of the country demands his instant impeach-
ment and removal from office.
.Now, sir, assuming that gentlemen are only
desirous that the Constitution and laws should
be vindicated, I am unable to perceive any
justcorrespondence between the cause asstated
and the effect. And I feel very confident that
upon calm reflection and ''sober, second
thought" they will discover that they have iu
hot haste placed themselves in a position which
they cannot maintain, and taken a step which
they cannot justify before the world. My only
solution of the problem presented is that ia a
moment of irritation consequent upon the act
of the President in removing Mr. Stanton they,
have allowed themselves to be adroitly man-
aged by their more Radical brethren, or else
that they are animated by a purpose that lies
deeper than the surface, and that the necessity
of party success drives tliem to the adoption of
measures which their better judgment abhors.
Is the removal of Mr. Stanton saeh a plain
