1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
That, Mr. President, is the substance of the j
circumstances under which this money was
furnished to this young man ; and it is as
plain to my mind as anything can be that this
money was furnished for the purpose, the in-
dispensable purpose and use, of enabling this
young man to pay his traveling expenses—to
buy the kersey and gray coat and the boots
that were necessary for him to have in making
his way to the rebel lines and in serving atter
lie got there. That was the use (according to
the very form of the questions that the father
puts to the son, and the statement of the son
himself in positive language) to which the
money was to be applied. It was indispensa-
ble to his getting South that he should have
the money to pay his way and to supply him-
self with these necessary outfits, without which
he could not have been of any service or
could not at that season of the year have made
the voyage at all; but it is impossible to resist
that conclusion upon the evidence, and the
father knew the fact.
Now, it is said by myhonorable friend from
Maryland that the purpose, after.all, was to keep
this boy from-want; that is to say, to preserve
him from suffering. That, Mr. President, un-
doubtedly was a motive, perhaps the only
motive ; but my friend entirely confuses ideas
when he undertakes to confound a purpose
with a motive. The motive, the affection of
the father's heart, was precisely the one which
would have induced any father in the Senate
to give his son S100 who was going to the
Union armies when he did not want him to
go. to keep him from want, to furnish him
with an outfit. The purpose for which this
money was supplied was the very purpose for
which it was used, and that was to enable this
boy to fight his w«iy or steal his way through
the national lines to get into the rebel service,
and it was used for that purpose.
Now, as I have said, it is a confusion of
ideas to undertake to change the motive that
the father had, inspiring motive, for the pur-
pose and use to which this money was to be
applied. His motive was affection. Grant it
for the sake of the argument. It might be
pretty strongly argued that it was something
more than affection; but admit, for the sake of
the argument, that the motive which inspired
the father was affection for the son; that is, a
desire that he should not suffer; what was the
purpose which that motive produced upon the
mind of the fathe^g T lie purpose was this:
the boy wanted to go to the rebel service; it
was indispensable in order that he should go
that he should have money to buy the kersey
and the gray coat and the boots with; the
father knew that he needed the money for that
purpose ; he believed he could not get it in any
other way; or suppose, as is said, he could get
it in another way, I do not see that it makes any
difference. He furnishes the son with the money
to buy the necessary materials and to pay the
necessary expenses of making war upon the
Union. It is said this is all right because he
had an affection for his son. Precisely on the
same principle he might have given information
to the enemy when the son was in the rebel lines,
because he was afraid a surprise-attack was to
be made the next morning and his son would
lose his life. The motive, they say, is love of
the son; the act is destruction to the Union
Army. That is the proposition.
Now, what sort of a man does this oath
describe? It describes a man who has never
"voluntarily" given any aid to an gnemy of
this country. W hat is it to do a thing "volun-
tarily?" My friend from Maryland argues as
if the Oath read "who has never voluntarily
and with intent to destroy his country, with
intent to make war upon her soldiers, fur-
nished any aid," &c. That is not it. "Volun-
tary," if I understand the use of language,
implies merely an act of the will. It has
nothing at all to do with the motives of the
person who may voluntarily do this thing or
that. Men act sometimes from a variety of
motives ; sometimes from good ones and some-
times from bad 0O88; but it is the nature of
the act itself, and not the inspiring motive that
leads to it, which determines the kind of man
that this oath describes.
He, then, has actually upon this evidence,
if it is to be believed—and it comes from the
father and son together in tbe form of ques-
tion and answer—furnished this boy wiih the
money indispensably necessary to his outfit in
joining the rebel army. He has not furnished
it to him, as it was supposed by my friend any
of us might to a son who was in present, in-
stant want and suffering ; as we would supply
bread to a rebel prisoner, if you please, or to
a rebel soldier, or to anybody who was in pres-
ent want. That is one thing; but it was money
advanced for a prospective operation—an en-
terprise which was about to be set on foot.
That was what it was done for. Therefore the
case is not at all parallel to that to which our
attention is invited by way of sympathy, where
our heart warms toward our children, and we
will not see them suffer. It ought to warm for
everybody, It does. I do not suppose a Sen-
ator who hears me would hesitate for a mo-
ment to relieve the sufferings of a rebel pris-
oner or a rebel soldier who came to him in
want at the moment ; but that would be quite
a different thing, if I understand definitions,
from supplying him with the necessary prepa-
rations for carrying on a future warfare against
his country.
These considerations, briefly stated, led me,
as I have said, against my wishes* but by con-
victions that I could not possibly resist, to
believe it to be perfectly clear that this gentle-
man, aside from all the other questions, has
voluntarily given aid and comfort to persous
engaged in armed hostility against the coun-
try; and if there is any value in this oath, if
there is left any sympathy eveu for patriotic
love of country, and any desire to keep the
halls of legislation pure, as long as the law
stands we ought to stand up to this oath man-
fully and enforce it. •
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland in making the
statement to which we have just now listened
has furnished us with what is to me a novel
excuse on the part of Mr. Thomas for resign-
ing his place as Secretary of the Treasury.
If I understood the honorable Senator cor-
rectly the reason for his resignation was that
some complaints had been made by bankers in
New York to President Buchanan iutimating
that Mr. Thomas could not in an exigency be
relied upon, in short, that he was not a true
man in his place and not worthy of the public
confidence, and they therefore feared that he
would not administer that Department prop-
erly and energetically in the interest of the
loyal people of the United States. The hon-
orable Senator tells us that Mr. Thomas, on
being informed that such complaints had been
made to the President and that the President
had listened to them, threw up his commission,
resigned, and left his place, intimating clearly
that his dissatisfaction with Mr. Buchanan was
that Mr. Buchanan's confidence in his integ-
rity had been somewhat impaired.
On a former occasion, when this question
was before the Senate, a certain letter of resig-
nation was presented and read to lis from some
of the public documents not now in my pos-
session, in which Mr. Thomas alleged as the
reason of his resignation of the Treasury
Department that he did not concur in Mr.
Buchanan's policy of reinforcing Fort Sumter
or employing the military forces of the Govern-
ment to check the rebellion which was then
brewing in South Carolina, and he stated sub-
stantially in that letter that he resigned for
precisely the same reason that influenced Jacob
Thompson, the Secretary of the Interior, to
resign almost on the same day. They both
occupied the same position in regard to Mr.
Buchanan, and they seem in presenting their
resignations to have been influenced by exactly
the same motives. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Maryland
to this somewhat pregnant fact in the case.
Now, sir, I will say another word befo* I
take my seat. In addition to this letter of
resignation upon the ground that he was un-
willing to use the means of the Government
in putting down rebellion, we find Mr. Thomas
afterward furnishing to his son about to go off
into thfe rebel army a certain supply of money.
He was anxious, according to the honorable
Senator from Maryland, tip retain his son at
home and to prevent his going off into the rebel
army ; his heart was agonized at the prospect
of his son running the great hazard of getting
through the Union lines into the rebel army,
and with a very deep concern lest the boy on
reaching the rebel army should be captured,
made a prisoner, thrown into prison, and there
detained. Well, sir, it is confessedly true that
at the moment he went off into the rebel army
the boy was entirely destitute of means; he
could not pay liia railroad fare; he had not,
according to this testimony, a dollar, of money
at his command. The father was anxious to
prevent his going off to the rebel army, and
what were the means which he used to prevent
it? Furnishing the very money which waa
necessary to take him there, and knowing that
he intended to spend it in accomplishing his
purpose of going into the rebel army ; and now
the excuse for this is that he was afraid the
boy would suffer from starvation or disease
after he should reach the rebel army 1 It seems
to me that the simplest mode of preventing this
great calamity which he so mifeh dreaded at
that moment was firstly to withhold from the
boy the supplies necessary to pay his fare and
expenses into the rebel army. This certainly
he could have done. This undoubtedly it was
his duty to do.' This duty he did not perform.
On the other hand, he gave to the boy the very
means indispensable to enable him to accom-
plish his purpose of going into the rebellion
and fighting against the Government of his
country, becoming a traitor.
I really cannot, so far as at present advised,
see any great weight in the excuse which Mr,
Thomas makes for himself for having given his
boy the money. That was the very moment
when the father should have been firm. It was
of all others the particular occasion and exi-
gency on which he ought to have shown, not a
stoic firmness by any means, but nothing but
his simple attachment to his Government, his
willingness to uphold it, his reluctance to have
it destroyed, and this evidence he could have
shown by simply withholding his hand from
his own pocket.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if I felt called
upon to consider the question whether the
present applicant for a seat in the Senate had
in fact given aid or comfort to the enemies of
the United States, 1 might think it necessary
to take more time for the consideration of that
question than I have yet taken ; I might think
it necessary to go through with the testimony
reported here from the Committee on the
Judiciary, which I-have not yet done, and I
am not sure that even in that contingency, and
if that were the question which I were about
to consider I should think it necessary to take
the time to do that much, for upon the state-
ment made by the Senator from Maryland—and
in that regard it seems to me to be corrobo-
rated by the statement made by the Senator
from Vermontandthe Senatorfrom Michigan—
I do not know how I could help coming to the
conclusion, if their statements be true, that
this gentleman did furnish aid and comfort to
the enemy, not because he gave $100 to his
son, but because he gave his son to the rebel
service. That he did; that no one denies;
that he did so much all admit. True, it is
said he did not assent to his son's going; and
yet I think if he did not assent to his son's
going his son would not have gone. If he were
not able of himself to withhold his son from
going I feel entirely sure that backed by the
State of Maryland, inasmuch as we are assured
that Maryland was very loyal, he could have
prevented his son from joining the rebel army.
But, Mr. President, while from these con-
siderations I am forced to conclude that this
gentleman did in law and in fact contribute a
