1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
it will do him no good. His fame is estab-
lished far beyond the resell or the help that
will be brought to it by the resolution under
consideration; if not, the resolution will be
of but little service.
Is there not something else at the bottom of
■ this movement? Some of us thought that Mr.
Stanton was not protected in his office by the
civil-tenure bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This resolution docs not
say that he was.
Mr. HENDERSON". I understand what it
means, and I am able to state it and will state
it. Some of us, I say, thought that he was
not protected by that bill; and we voted that
the President committed no crime in remov-
ing him. We believed that he was legally
removed. But, of course, after the defeat of
impeachment it became essential to have a
Secretary of War. We could not get along in
the condition we were; sensible men all ad-
mitted that we could not proceed with the
Government in that way. Does Mr. Stanton
tender his resignation? Certainly not. Have
I any condemnation for his action? Surely
not. I have known that Mr. Stanton had his
own views, and he acted upon those views;
and what did he do? He relinquished the office.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] the other day, when I asked him if Mr.
Stanton had resigned, said "no." Then Mr.
Stanton was legally in the office, was he not?
But the President had sent the nomination of
a successor "in place of Edwin M. Stanton,
removed." We were not permitted to vote for
that confirmation simply upon the ordinary
resolution of confirmation ; but there was a
preamble attached to it; and I do not think
there is a precedent in the history of the Gov-
ernment for such a preamble.
However, we must have the preamble, and
why? Simply because this confirmation could
not be made without it, because Senators
wanted some new vindication of their position
on that subject. Are Senators not satisfied
with their vote on the subject of impeachment?
Is not that a sufficient vindication? When
t.hey have thirty-live to nineteen upon that sub-
ject, is not that enough ? Where the necessity
of again repeating this thing ? Do Senators
wish to whistle through the churchyard every
day ? Is it necessary to keep their courage up?
Is it necessary for them to force each other to
stand together in this matter every day? Mr.
President, there are some things that cannot
stand alone, and it is absolutely essential to
reaffirm them from day to day in order to make
them stand.
I desired to vote for the resolution of con-
firmation, but that was not enough; the pre-
amble is put on, and it goes out that Mr. Stan-
ton had not been removed and that the attempt
of the President to remove him was illegal and
unconstitutional. And what does the Senate
do thereupon?
The Senate thereupon indorses this illegal
and unconstitutional act and takes the office
from Mr. Stanton ! Why not let Mr. Stanton
remain there? Why confirm General Schofield
at all? Is there any necessity for it? Why
not let Mr. Stanton remain? Could he not
remain there as well as he did before? Cer-
tainly so. He had been remaining there as
Secretary of War for a long time. Why not
let him remain in the position ? The Senate
then occupies the position before the world of
having taken away this office from Mr. Stan^
ton, he being legally in possession of it; and
you may pass as many preambles as you choose,
it results in this : that the Senate has forced
out of Mr. Stanton's hands this office. Either
Mr. Stanton resigned the office or he was legally
in the office under the view of the Senate; it
must be certainly so ; and if he was legally in
the office we took it away from him by our con-
firmation of General Schofield the other day.
Mr. President, immediately upon the heels
of this action a resolution of thanks to Mr..
Stanton is offered. I have distinctly stated
that I will go as far as any Senator will go in
voting thanks to Mr. Stanton. If it is for any
of his conduct during the war in the War
Office I approve it all. If it is for his conduct
on the subject of reconstruction and in oppo-
sition to the views of the President, I approve
it all. And I do not wish now, in recording
my vote against this resolution, to say that 1
condemn any act of Mr. Stanton except one
single act, and that was a simple error of
judgment. Indeed, I do not condemn him for
that. Mr. Stanton had a right to suppose that
he wasillegally and unconstitutionally removed.
He had the indorsement of the Senate to that
effect,, and I am not prepared to condemn him
for that; but I will not vote for a resolution
which I understand is simply to make me eat
leeks. I do not understand it in any other
sense, and I do not suppose that those Sena-
tors who voted as 1 have voted on the subject
to which I have referred can understand it in
any other sense.
If the Senate desires simply to vote to
thank Mr. Stanton for his services in the War
Department daring the rebellion, for what he
did in the suppression of the rebellion, I am
prepared to vote for it. But immediately upon
the proceedings to which I have alluded this
resolution is introducedand we are etiilcd upon
to vote on it. If we vote against it, we go
before the country as not approving anything
Mr. Stanton has done; and if we vole for it,
our votes are laid before the world just, as they
were on the resolution as to removing Mr.
Stanton. Senators vote for it because they at
the moment suppose it is proper, and alter-
ward it will be used as a condemnation of our
own conduct upon the subject of impeach-
ment.
Mr. President, if Senators find any consola-
tion in this course of conduct, I certainly will
not rob them of it. If there is any happiness
or joy received in their hearts in this way. I
do not desire to deprive tliern of it. I am the
last man to take one particle of satisfaction
from anybody; I would not deprive my fellow-
man of the least particle of satisfaction that
he derives from any act whatever ; but 1 see
no necessity of this tardy resolution for any-
thing Mr. Stanton may have done during the
war, and 1 see no reason for putting it in such
language as that it may convey a condemna-
tion upon ourselves and still have us vote for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish to
assure my fiiend from Missouri that there is
no such purpose, so far as I know, as he seems
to suppose, to disturb his equanimity or put
him in a false position. I drew up the resolu-
tion myself without consultation with anybody,
as a thing which I supposed was proper, and I
thought would occur to any one as the proper
time to thank a meritorious public officer for
distinguished services when he retired from
office. I am sure that there is no design on the
part of anybody to put my friend from Missouri
or any one else in a false position, or to allude
to the impeachment subject, and I thought I had
drawn the resolution in such language as that
my friend from Missouri could vote for it with
pleasure, as it seems my friend from Maine can,
who voted as he did on the question ot impeach-
ment. At the time I drew it up I hoped that
it would be so. But, Mr. President, something
seems to stick constantly in the heart of my
friend from Missouri about this impeachment
business. He returns to it on every occasion
almost out of season, as well as always in sea-
son ; and he will pardon me if I say to him that
it reminds me of the Ancient Mariner who
stopped the passers by to tell his tale about an
unfortunate event that had happened to him,
and as an apology for it he said to every man
he met and stopped :
"Since then, at ail uncertain hour that agony returns,
And till my ghastly tale is told, this heart within
me burns."
It would almost seem, Mr. President, as if
there was something we cannot understand.
We believe our friend voted with entire con-
scientiousness ; but there is something after all
which seems to need a constant defense or a
constant apology or a constant justification, in
whatever way the question may possibly be
alluded to, on the part of my friend from Mia-
souri. Now, I wish, for one, to disclaim having
any purpose or any design to embarrass any-
body, and the resolution will not bear any such
construction.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDERSON. With the Senator's
permission, I desire to assure my friend from
Vermont-—
Mr. HOWARD. I shall occupy but a few
moments.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a mere personal
matter that 1 rise to.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall occupy but a mo-
ment or two.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well; go on.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say one wordfin
reply to the honorable Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Hendmcks,] in regard to the part which
Sir. Stanton actually took in the preparation
of what is known as the North Carolina proc-
lamation. I understood the honorable Sen-
ator to say that Mr. Stanton was substantially
the author of that proclamation, and that it
originated in Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, and re-
ceived the approval and assent of Mr. Lin-
coln's Cabinet. If I misunderstood the Sen-
ator I hope he will correct me. The very
testimony the Senator has read shows the
inaccuracy of that statement of his in reference
to Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, for it shows clearly
enough that nothing was done either by Mr.
Lincoln or his Cabinet in reference to the pro-
ject, furnished by Mr. Stanton, except merely
an order to have it printed. There was no
discussion upon the subject in Mr. Lincoln's
Cabinet, and at the request of President Lin-
coln Mr. Stanton caused it to be printed, and
a copy of it to be furnished to each member
of that Cabinet. There the matter stood
until after Mr. Lincoln's assassination. On
Mr. Johnson's accessiou to the Presidency this
same subject came up again for discussion
before his Cabinet. The only material point
which 1 made was, that in the preparation of
that order of Mr. Stanton which finally took
the shape of the North Carolina proclamation,
Mr. Stanton favored colored suffrage in the
rebel States. I might go further here and add
that I believe that he was the only member of
Mr. Johnson's Cabinet, who did favor that
measure, except perhaps Mr. Speed, the Attor-
ney General. That, is the only important part
of the question in this relation.
Mr. HENDRICKS._ Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? Does the Senator
intend to say that that was inserted in the order
Mr. Stanton drew up ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I was sbout to
read the facts from Mr. Stanton's own testi-
mony. Mr. Stanton, in his testimony, says:
"Shortly previous to that time I had myself, with
a view of putting in a practicable form the means
of overcoming what, secuied to be a dithculty in the
mind of Mr. Lincoln as to the mode of reconstruc-
tion, prepared a rough draft ot a form or mode by
which the authority and laws of the United States
should be reestablished and governments reorganized
in the rebel States under the Fedeial authority,/with-
out any necessity whatever for the intervention of
rebel organizations or rebel aid. In the course
of thatconsultation ilr. Lincoln alluded to the paper,
went into his room, brought it out, and asked me to
read it, which 1 did, and explained my ideas in
regard to it. There was one point which I had left
open ; that was as to who should constitute the elect-
ors in the respective States. That I supposed to ba
the only important point upon which a difference of
opinion could arise—whether the blacks should have
suffrage in the States, or whether it should be con-
fined for the purposes of reorganization to those who
had exercised it under the former State laws. T left
a blank upon that subject to be considered. There
was at that time nothing adopted about it, and no
opinions expressed."
That was in Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet.
"It was only a project."
Again he proceeds to say :
"Mr. Lincoln seemed to be laboring under the
impression that there must be some starting point
in the reorganization, and that it could only be
through the agency of the rebel organizations then
existing, but which I did not deem to be at, all neces-
sary. That nieht Mr. Lincoln was murdered.
"Subsequently," he proceeds:
"Subsequently, at an early day, the subject canie
under consideration, after the surrender of John-
ston's avmy. in tb© Cabinet of Mr. Johnson, xhs
