1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
United States, for the purpose, or with the intention
of aiding the late rebellion, nor have I, with any such
intention, at any time, given aid, comfort, counsel, or
encouragement to said rebellion, or to any act of hos-
tilityto the Government of theUnited States. I fur-
ther swear that I have never sought or accepted any
offico. either civil or military, or attempted to exor-
cise the functions of any office, either civil or mili-
tary, under the authority or pretended authority of
tlieso-oalled confederate States of America, or of any
insurrectionary Stato, hostile or opposed to the au-
thority of the United States Government, with the
intent and desire to aid said rebellion: and that I
have never given a voluntary support to any such
government or authority. So help me God!"
Section nine of the same act applies to can-
didates, and is in these words:
" That all candidates for any official position shall,
before the day of election, be renuired to take and
subscribe the oath prescribed in tne third section of
i his act."
Mr. Butler was obliged to take the oath I
have cited, and now lie lias offered here to take
an oath which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in his own report says he could not truth-
fully take.
Mr. DAWES. I am most happy to have this
debate with the gentleman from New York, for
at all points it will reveal the true character
of this man. I wish the gentleman to under-
stand that this is a bill to remove disabilities.
If it was not supposed that they did exist there
would be no need of the oath.
But the answer I have to make to the gen-
tleman is this: this gentleman did take that
oath which the gentleman has read. But when
he took it he claims that he never did take up
arms against the Government of the United
States "with the intention of aiding the late
rebellion." He felt no conscientious scruples
in taking that oath.
But it is further said that he was willingto
take at the commencement of this session our
oath, which the committee have reported that
he cannot, in their opinion, take. It is due to
him that I should say that he took the opinion
of the oldest and ablest lawyer iu Tennessee,
who gave him precisely the advice which my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr,] gave to the
House in the discussion of the other case,
namely, that a member of Congress was not
such an officer of the Government as is con-
templated in the test-oath. He believed that
he could take it. He entertained, therefore,
precisely the same views in that regard that
the gentleman from Indiana urged so strongly
before the House. The committee, however,
were of a different opinion, and both the House
and Senate have decided that members of
Congress are such officers of the Government
as are contemplated in the test-oath.
Now, I submit that he took this Tennessee
oatff conscientiously, because it embraced this
qualification which I have read. But, whether
right or wrong, in that he certainly was wrong
in saying he could take the test-oath at the bar
of tliis House. It is the fact that he has done
an act which he has gpt. to swear at this bar he
has not done that renders it necessary for this
bill to remove a disability. If I did not believe
tbat he had, after all, been a true man; if I
thought I was leading any man in this House
to east a vote for any other than a true man in
voting for this bill, I should feel as if I was
doing anything but my duty here.
1 believe that hereafter, after we have dis-
posed of this case, which is not like the others,
inasmuch as this.is the case of a true Union
man, we ought to pass bills removing disabil-
ity from such men as Gantt, of Arkansas, and
Governor Holden, of North Carolina, and Gov-
ernor Patton, of Alabama, who went into the
rebellion for a short time, believing in it. I
believe that such men as these must be drawn
by the strongest possible cords into the sup-
port of this Government; that the mind and
character and the influence which those men
in ist necessarily exert in those States are ab-
solutely essential and necessary to a healthy
re construction of those States; that without
tliein the humbler, feebler minds, those that
are always led and always will be led, will fail
for a long time to come up to the support of the
Government ? Longstreet! Who would not
rather to-day trust. General Longstreet. than any
man who sneaked through four years and saved
his neck by acting neither for the rebellion nor
for the Union? I would myself. But that
does not bear upon this case. I put this case
entirely upon the ground that here is a man
who was from the beginning a true, honest
Union man, led by motives which we have dis-
cussed here amply to do an act which prevents
his taking this oath.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I want
to ask the gentleman if General Longstreet
affirms that he went into the rebel army to
deceive them and took the oath of allegiance
to the rebel government on purpose to deceive
them, as this man did?
Mr. DAWES. I will not discuss General
Longstreet's case further, because it does not
bear on this case.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman brought it up himself as a parallel
case.
Mr. DAWES. I did not say that it was a
parallel case by any means. I spoke of him
as one of a class we have got to consider by
and by.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is making an excellent speech—just
such a speech as I shall make by and by on
the same topic.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will not
hurt me with my friends on this side of the
House I shall be glad. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. But 1 do not understand
the gentleman's metaphysics.
Mr. DAWES. They never were good for
anything. I will surrender my metaphysics if
he will vote for my bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. Let me say that 1 think he
will beat the cthics ofPaley, and as to Mrs.
Opie on lying—of course I do not impute that
to the gentleman—and the arts of dodging and
evasion, I do not think that celebrated literary
character could quite equal the professional
skill with which he has defended every art and
tergiversation of Mr. Butler in this case. Bat
I have been educated in New Englaud under
a higher law.
Mr. DAWES. Let me come in just there.
If I thought it was tergiversation on the part
of this man, or if there was a member of the
Committee of Elections who thought so, their
right arms would drop from their sockets be-
fore they would urge this measure. They have
no such belief. Tbcy, more than anybody
else in this House, have known the testimony
and heard all of this case, and it is because of
the conviction on their part that this man was
a Union man all the time that they ar® here
urging it.
Mr. BROOKS. I can say nothing more.
Mr. DAWES. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.] .
Mr. PAINE. I see that by the bill which
we have just passed it is provided " that when-
ever any person who has participated in the late
rebellion, and from whom all legal disabilities
arising therefrom have been removed by act of
Congress by a vote of two thirds of each House,
shall be elected or appointed to any office or
plaee of trust, in or under the Government of
the United States," &c., we shall admit him.
Now, what I want to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Elections is this, whether he
supposes, if we pass this bill in favor of the
claimant in this case, Mr. Butler, we shall have
relieved him, under the provision of the bill
which we have passed, of " all legal disabili-
ties arising therefrom?"
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman suggest
his doubt? I certainly suppose so.
Mr. PAINE. This bill refers to the act
of Congress entitled " An act to provide for the
more efficientgovernmentof the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 1867, and the act of Congress
supplementary thereto, passed March 23, 1867,
and the act supplementary thereto, passed July
19, 1867.
Mr. DAWES. There was an amendment
made rightat that, point, which might, perhaps,
remove the objection of the gentleman.
Mr. PAINB. What was the amendment?
Mr. DAWES. It was to insert the words
"and by any provision of the Constitution of
the United States," after the recital of the
various acts mentioned in the bill.
Mr. PATNE. I am glad to learn that sueh
an amendment has been made. I also under-
stand that this bill embraces a preamble which
I offered as an amendment to the original bill
reported from the Committee of Elections. Am
I right in that, I would ask ?
Mr. DAWES. That is a part of this bill.
Mr. PAINE. That preamble recites the
military service of this man, Mr. Butler, as the
ground upon which we propose to relieve him
from the disabilities imposed by the various
acts of Congress and by the Constitution. I
offered that after having heard the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] make these
statements to this House respecting the mili-
tary career of Mr. Butler:
" It is for you to say that, having endured all;
having faced tho enemies of his country; having
faced the perils of the cannon's mouth and all the
perils that have environed aUnion man, surrounded,
as he was, by tho rebels; having stood up against
the jeers and taunts of the enemy—it is for you to
say whether ho shall suffer a severer rebuke at the
hands of this Congress."
**********
" But it Is not of suoli men that I speak to-day. It
is one who, through fire and blood, through the
smoke and blaze of battle, through good and through
evil report, at all times and under all circumstances,
was as truo to the flair of his country as tho needle
to tho pole—a man who molds tho character and sen-
timents of his fellow-citizens in the county in which'
ho lives as no other man there does—a man who,
whether admitted here or driven back into exile,
will exercise lor good or for evil a controlling influ-
ence upon his fellow-citizens. To such as he we are
indebted for tho fact that Tennessee is not a.t this
very hour in the position of Alabama and Missis-
sippi and Louisiana and other southern States. The
valiant and truo men of Tennessee were held up and
strengthened by such men as he—men who were the
Aarons and the Hurs of that period, holding up the
hands of the prophet."
Now, I took it for granted that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, when he uttered
those words, meant just what he said; and I
suppose now that be so meant. But I am
compelled to say, in all candor, that since I
offered that amendment I have read through
that portion of this book of testimony which
relates to the military career of this claimant
to a seat here; and while I am bound to say
that every single witness, with one exception,
who was brought forward by the contestant—
or, more properly speaking, the protestant—in
this case, in order to prevent Mr. Butler from
being admitted to a seat here, admits that he
believes Mr. Butler was a true Union man
during the rebellion. Yet the record of his
votes in the rebel Legislature is about as bad as
it possibly could be. On Saturday, December
14, 1861, a Mr. Jarnigan, in the Tennessee
rebel Legislature, offered the following resolu-
tion by way of amendment to some resolution
then pending:
" Resolved further. That this Assembly spurns with
utter indignation the proposition which hasrccently
been made in the Congress of the United States te
appoint commissioners on the part of the Govern-
ment to meet commissioners on the part of the con-
federate States, with a view to the reconstruction of
the Union."
There were nineteen members who voted
against that resolution ; but Mr. Butler was
not one of them; he voted in the affirmative.
Many of his votes are recorded; not, perhaps,
as bad as that, but too bad for any Union man
to base a claim upon here, unless he should
come here vindicated by the testimony of living
men.
Now, he does come here supported not only
by the testimony of his own witnesses, but by
the testimony of the witnesses who were brought
against him, who almost unanimously declare
that they believe he was a Union man.
In this very embarrassing state of things, if
it shall be shown that this Mr. Butler has faced
the bullets of the enemy during the war like a
brave soldier, has risked life or limb since he
was a member of that rebel Legislature, I am
willing to vote to relieve him from his disabil-
ities. I think we ought to do so; but I am
bound to say, having read this testimony
through, that I cannot find any evidence thst
