210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Tennessee Election—Mr. Baker.
40th Gong....2d
cording to the provisions of this act, one month
after Andrew J ohnson became President, Ed-
win M. Stanton became, by reason of the ex-
piration of his term, a mere tenant at sufferance,
which gentlemen know is the most precarious
of all titles, and subject to instant removal by
the President at any time. The words " sub-
ject to removal by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate," at the close of the first
section of the law, qualify the otherwise abso-
lute duration of the term for which he may
have been appointed, but have no application
whatever after the expiration of the term. That
this was the view entertained at the time of the
passage of the aet by all concerned there can
be no doubt. As proof, however, of the fact,
I will read a portion of the remarks of Mr.
Sherman, February 18, 1867, as reported in
the Congressional Globe. He was one of the
managers on the part of the Senate of the com-
mittee of conference, and was explaining the
report of that committee:
"I agreed to the report of the conference commit-
tee with a good deal of reluctance. The Senate liad
by two deliberate votes declared its purpose not to
make the duration of tho Cabinet officers fixed by
any time, but that they should hold their offices at
tho pleasure of the President; and that was the
original design in the creation of their offices; but
the general purpose of this bill is so very important,
it establishes so salutary a reform, that I thought it
ought not to be endangered by a dispute on a col-
lateral question." *******
"The proposition now submitted by the conference
committee is that a Cabinet minister shall hold his
office during the life or the term of the President who
appointed him. If tho President dies the Cabinet goes
out: if the President is removed for cause by im-
peachment the Cabinet goes out; at the expiration
of the term of the President's office the Cabinet goes
out; so that the Government shall not be embarrassed
by an attempt by a Cabinet officer to hold on to his
office despite the wish of the President or a change
in the'Presidency. Tho great danger that might have
arisen from the bill asitstood amended by thoHouse
is relieved by this amendment, and I think itis much
better for us to agree to this modification rather than
endanger the passage of the bill. I therefore signed
the report of the conference committee, though with
some reluctance. I think, under the circumstances,
the Senate had better agree to it. If it shall be found
to work badly at any time it "will be very easy, by a
law or joint resolution, to change it."
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I stated in the com-
mencement of remarks, I cannot for my life
see any relation between the act removing Mr.
Stanton, of which gentlemen complain, and
the 'hue and cry about impeachment. And I
would here remind gentlemen who have here-
tofore voted against impeachment, and who
will, in all probability, decide this question,
that they are restrained to this act. All that
has been complained of by others amounts to
nothing in their estimation. They complain
of this as the most enormous of his offenses.
As I cannot regard it as an offense at all,
but as a perfectly legal and proper act, and
one which, if it had been done long since,
would have conferred incalculable benefit upon
the country, I am driven irresistibly to the
conclusion that the reasons for this action on
the part of the House are other than those
assigned. I feel that I have a right to look
into the history and condition of the Repub-
lican party to discover the true reasons which
are now controlling their conduct.
Why do they attach so much importance to
Stanton's remaining in the War Department?
Because he is the willing tool of Congress in
their nefarious scheme of what they call recon-
struction; but which is and never has been
anything else than a scheme for the election of
the next President. _ To their shame be it said
that they have prostituted all the powers of this
mighty Government to the base purposes of
party. . For the first time in the history of the
country has the Congress of the United States
stooped from its high position to legislate
directly for the interests of their party. With
the powers of Congress they combine the spirit
and ethics of a party convention. Their course
to this end has been systematic since the sur-
render of Lee gave us hope of peace and union
again. It was this instinct which first prompted
them to refuse to restore the South to her place
in the Union, knowing, as they did, that the
vote of those States would be given against the
Radical candidate for President, and they had
not the hardihood, at that time, to hint even
at the disfranchisement of whites and the en-
franchisement of negroes to accomplish their
purpose. Now their purpose is changed.
Despairing of carrying more than half a dozen
of the northern States at the next election,
they have turned to the South, and by the most
arbitrary, cruel, and barbarous legislation that
ever disgraced a civilized Government, they
have made of her a moral monster fit for their
embrace. Everything that endangers the suc-
cess of their scheme excites them to frenzy.
They have now, Cortez-like, burned their ships,
and their struggle is becoming desperate.
If the policy, which is called the President's
policy, but which is also the policy which com-
mon sense, justice, honor, self-interest would
have dictated, had been carried out in 1865,
every scar made by the war would now have
been healed, trade and commerce would now
have been flourishing, the South would have
been pouring her millions into the national
Treasury, taxation would have been so diffused
as scarcely to be felt; but the blessing of a
radical President could not be conferred upon
us in that condition of things.
From the moment when President Johnson
was first recognized as an obstacle in the way
of radical destructions with the most subtle
ingenuity his enemies have toiled and con-
spired to strip him of his power and bind him
hand and foot. They had an ally in the Sec-
retary of War. They courted the General
of the Army until they were satisfied of his
disposition, when they slipped into an appro-
priation bill the following section, signed under
protest by the President, March 2, 18G7 :
" Sec. 2. That the headquarters of the General of
the Army of the United States shall be at the city of
Washington; and all orders aud instructions relating
to military operations, issued by the President or
Secretary of War, shall bo issued through the Gen-
eral of the Army, and, in case ot his inability, through
the next in rank. The Generalof the Army shalinot
be removed, suspended, or relieved from command,
or assigned to duty elsewhere than at said headquar-
ters, except at his own request, without tho previous
approval of the Senate; and any orders or instruc-
tions relating to militaiy operations issued coutraiy
to the requirements of this section shall be null and
void; and any officer who shall issue orders or in-
structions contrary to the provisions of this section
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor m office;
and any officer of the Army who shall transmit, con-
vey, or obey any ordersorinstructionsso issued,con-
trary to the provisions of this section, knowing that
such orders were so issued, shall be liable to imprison-
ment for not less than two nor more than twenty
years, upon conviction thereof in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
" Sec. 6. That all militia forces now organized or in
service in either of the States of Virginia, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas, be forthwith dis-
banded, and that the further reorganization, arming,
or calling into service of the said militia forces, or
any part thereof, is hereby prohibited under any eii-
cumstances whatever, until the same shall be author-
ized by Congress."
Thetenure-of-offieelawwasintended to fill the
offices of the country with their own creatures,
and that they supposed that they had rendered
the President helpless and powerless to inter-
fere with their schemes explains, to my mind,
the failure heretofore of the attempts to impeach
him. What did they care for the President,
stripped of executive power, while they had
Stanton and Grant? 'i'hey felt that the action
of the Senate in reinstating Stanton had
secured him firmly in that position. That
explains the failure of the second attempt at
impeachment, after the Johnson-Grant corre-
spondence.
Now they have discovered that the Presi-
dent's regard for his oath "to preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution of the United
States," his duty to the people to nffeintaiu the
dignity of his high office, will not allow him
tamely to surrender the executive power con-
ferred upon liirn by the Constitution. Their
control through Mr. Stanton andthe General
of the military arm of the Government seems
uncertain. They are startled with a sense of
insecurity. They have so often told the peo-
pl% that none but loyal men must rule, and
they are the loyal, and that the salvation of the
country depends upon their success, that they
act as if they believed it themselves, and do
not hesitate to imperil the very existence of
the Government, and shake it to its very cen-
ter, for what the people and the whole world
must know is the suecess of a political party.
The effect of the simple attempt to do this is
bad enough, and must have an unhappy influ-
ence upon our future; but should you succeed
in passing articles of impeachment, and finally
convict and remove the President,while every
one must know that it is only for the sake of
party success, then, indeed, will I despair of
the Republic. Those high hopes that I have
always entertained of the continuance of her
greatness and glory will be dashed to the
ground. Then will be an end of our experi-
ment of self-government, and we can read our
fate in the histoiy of our neighbor republic.
Violence will take the place of law and order.
Every President will be at the mercy of the
congressional party. In your attempt to nigger-
ize the Republic you will Mexicani-ze it, and
our star, which rose so bright and gave such
promise to the world, will set in darkness and
blood.
Tennessee Election.
SPEECH OF HON. JEHU BAKER,
op illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
March 5, 1868,
On the joint resolution (H. R. No. 214) relative to H.
R. Butler. Representative-elect from the State of
Tennessee.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, being now def-
initely advised that the case of Mr. Butler is
within the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
I am of opinion that the course which is now
proposed by my colleague [Mr. Cook] is the
proper one to meet not only this case but all
such cases. The Thirty-Ninth Congress had
this subject under consideration, and, if I may
so speak, has set the die of a permanent na-
tional policy in regard to the incapacity of
holding office by persons who, having once
taken an oath of fidelity to the Government
of the United States, afterward participated
in rebellion against the Government. It was
thought, however, and wisely thought, that a
proper element in that provision should be
an arrangement by which, in fit cases, the
disability might be removed, and a proviso
was accordingly inserted that such disability
might be removed by a two-thirds vote of both
branches of Congress. Mr. Butler having, as
l am advised, taken, perhaps, several oaths at
different times before the rebellion of fidelity
to the Constitution of the United States, and
having in form, not in spirit, or with really
treasonable intent, as I am persuaded, yet
having in form taken the oath which he did as
a member of theTennessee Legislature in 1861,
he is, so to speak, upon the record and by the
force of that oath, brought within the disabil-
ities of the fourteenth article of amendment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am as firmly in favor
as probably any gentleman on this floor of
adhering to the true intent and meaning of that
provision of the fourteenth article of amend-
ment. I am clear that the general principle is
a sound one which declares that the crime of
rebellion against this liberal Government is so
great that a man who has once taken an oath of
fidelity to it and has afterward engaged in con-
scious, willful,_ treasonable hostility against it
should not be intrusted with office under it.
Mr. HARDING. I would like to ask my
colleague if he thinks we could safely trust the
interests of the cause of liberty in those hours
