1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Mungen.
Ho. of Reps.
of peril to the words and declarations of men
that they will be faithful to those interests?
Can we afford thus to throw down all the de-
fenses which the people and Congress have
erected against their enemies?
Mr. BAKER. Undoubtedly I would not
think it safe thus to throw down these defenses;
but nothing can be plainer, it seems to me, to
any one who will only open his eyes and exercise
a little dispassionate understanding than that
the course proposed in this case will produce
no such consequence. The record of the gen-
tleman who seeks a seat here shows that he is,
to say the least, substantially a tried and sound
Union man. What I maintain here, and what
I hope will be sustained by a vote of two-
thirds of this House and two-thirds of the
Senate, is, that a man occupying the position
which Mr. Butler occupies, as shown by the
record in his case, is just the man, if there be
any at all, who ought to be released from the
disabilities of the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution.
Why, sir, it was wisely foreseen that a pro-
vision of this kind would be needed. It was
foreseen that some cases, at least, would arise
where, as in this case, there might be rather
the form than the purposed, intentional reality
of offending. Where a man is shown to pos-
sess real Union principle, and where he has
rendered valuable service to the country, it
would be inhumane, it would be short-sighted,
it would be narrow, it would be unjust in a high
degree, to make no discrimination in his favor.
To my mind two things are to be looked at
in order to embrace the whole meaning of the
subject. First, the object of the disability im-
posed by the fourteenth article of amendment
was to provide against that bad, that iniquitous,
that monstrous result—that men whose hands
may be red with the blood of ihe defenders of
the Union, who had plotted and schemed to
overthrow and destroy this Government, who
hadiielped to fill the graveyards of the North
and the battle trenches of the South with the
half million martyrs who died to defend and
uphold our system of Government; that such
men should come in here and make laws for
the people of the United States! That, sir, I
am intensely against, and that, I can see, is the
grand object of the amendment. There are,
however, some men who might technically be
embraced within the phraseology of the amend-
ment, but who are substantially sound, true
men; men who,- though temporarily betrayed
into error, retraced their steps and did works
meet for repentance. In these cases the disa-
bility should be removed. These two elements
and applications, taken together, constitute the
whole reason of the amendment. Let the rule
be enforced rigorously and persistently in bad
cases; in good ones let it be relaxed in con-
formity with the spirit and the letter of the rule
itself. Being convinced that the case of Mr.
Butler comes within the latter category, I am
of opinion that he should be admitted, in the
manner now proposed, as a member of this
House.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. W. MUNGEN,
OF OHIO,
Itf the House of Representatives,
February 22, 1808,
On the resolution to impeach the President of high
crimes and misdemeanors.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, "whom the
gods would destroy they first make mad."
History furnishes no parallel to the proceed-
ings of the majority in this House. Madness
rules the hour. Party prejudice overrides all
barriers. An unbecoming display of partisan
bitterness and rancor pervades the doings of
the dominant party. Our institutions—the
foundations of our Government—are being
sapped and undermined by what to my mind
is clearly unconstitutional legislation. Con-
gress, under the specious pretext of " restoring
the Union," has passed act after act of ''re-
construction," each so inherently rotten and
worthless that it breaks to pieces from its own
weight. As soon as one of them fails amend-
ment after amendment of, if possible, worse
legislation is attached. All these various le-
gislative acts and all the concordant and
discordant elements of the present mischief-
making, corrupt, presumptuous, and revolu-.
tionary party are held together by the adhesive
force of public plunder and intense desire for
party power.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House,
who claim to be very loyal, and several of them
extremely brave, sneer at my democratic friends
who respectfully, by able arguments, suggest
and show that the peace of our country will
be endangered by the passage of this impeach-
ment measure. But they do not and cannot
answer those arguments. Some of them, who
" snuff the battle from afar," belch forth tor-
rents of fiery rhetoric and invective, not only
at the Chief Executive, but at all who venture
to suggest that civil war may, and perhaps
will, be the direct result of the present course
of legislation. They seem disposed to take
the executive department by storm and by
the same agency resorted to by Joshua at Jeri-
cho. It is difficult to imagine how the ram's
horns used upon that august occasion could
exceed the "sound and fury " launched at the
President. My radical friends have twice
marched around the circumvallations of the
executive department, sounding their impeach-
ment trumpets, and are now starting oil their
third expedition. Joshua went around the
walls seven times before they fell. If the ex-
ecutive department fall before the seventh at-
tack it will only go to prove that the radicals
blew louder and stronger than did the Israelites
with their horns.
It is not for the occupant of the presidential
chair, as an individual, that the American peo-
ple are so solicitous ; for no one man can be of
vital importance among thirty or forty million
people ; but this attack is directed, not only
against .the high office which he holds, and
which, as a coordinate branch of our Govern-
ment, can only be sacrificed at the cost of our
liberties or the peace of the American people ;
this attack is directed against the walls of our
Government, which were reared by the patriot
fathers, and whose foundations were laid deep
down in the Constitution of our country—-the
fear is they will not be able to resist the fury of
this tornado of fanaticism. How long can our
Government exist when congressional legisla-
tion is in direct conflict with the Constitution?
To show that such has been the character of
republican legislation it is but neecessary to
refer to the acts of Congress passed since the
suppression of the rebellion. Who can point
to authority in the Constitution for any of the
reconstruction acts? Who can show authority
for the five military satrapies of the South?
Who, under the Constitution, can justify mar-
tial law and military despotism in time of peace?
Who can demonstrate the rule by which the
ignorant, degraded, and naturally inferior ne-
gro is to be placed over the white man in the
South, and made equal, if not superior, to the
white man in the North? Who will deny that
well-settled principle, the vindication of which
inaugurated the American Revolution, that
taxation without representation is a fraud and
a wrong? And who dare deny that this fraud
and wrong has been and is now being practiced
daily by radical power, in violation of the fun-
damental principles of our Government? Who
but the radical Republican party is responsible?
Where does Congress get power from the
Constitution to fix the status of voters in any
State or portion of this Union? AU powers
not clearly delegated to Congress by that in-
strument are reserved to the States and to the
people. By what authority does Congress as-
sume to disfranchise white men and enfran-
chise negroes? If this can be done in one
State or portion of the country it can be done
in any other State. If this power rests wjtli
Congress why did they permit us to vote on
thequestion in Ohio last fall ? If negro equal-
ity is a matter to be controlled by Congress
why submit the question to the voters of Ohio?
But what act has Congress passed for the ben-
efit of the people? Let their acts reply. In-,
stead of any measures to relieve the laboring
classes, to resuscitate our commerce, to im-
prove the finances of the country, to aid in
developing the resources of the land, and thus
lighten the burden of an overtaxed people, they
have found time for nothing but partisan meas-
ures and the advancement of party ends. Party
successand publicspoils, these and these alone,
are the objects and ambition of this party of
boasted loyalty and patriotism. No one meas-
ure has been adoptedorreeomraended by either
branch of the present Congress looking to the
welfare of the country and not calculated and
intended to advance party. I challenge gen-
tlemen on the other side to mention one meas-
ure introduced into this House or discussed in
caucus not intended for party use and for party
success. For this the country has been robbed
of the fruits of her costly victories in the field;
for this the Union has been pronounced dis-
severed ; for this the ballot, which should be
the reflection of education and intelligence, has
been forced into the dirty palm of ignorance;
for this has the power of the Supreme Court
been usurped, and for this the attempt to de-
capitate the President is now made in the inter-
est of a reckless and unscrupulous party.
It is evident from the course pursued in thi3
impeachment that gentlemen fear a judicial
determination upon their unconstitutional acts
until the deposition of the President and the
substitution of one of their own number in his
office is an accomplished fact.
Having to some extent discussed the animus
governing the party desiring to impeach the
President, I come now to the question of his
guilt or innocence. Of what crime is the Presi-
ident guilty? It is claimed on the other side
that the President has violated the provisions
of the first section of an act entitled "An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1867, which is as follows:
" That every person holding any civil office to
which ho has beep, appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any suoh office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be,
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been iu like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied. except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
In the first place, it will be remembered when
this law was passed—on the eve of a presi-
dential election; in the second place, the
American people know very well why it was
passed—to influence that election. It is an
exception in legislation, not to call it a clear
usurpation of the rights of the Executive. As
well might the President presume to appoint
the Clerk, Sergeaut-at-Arms, Doorkeepers,
messengers, and pages of this House as for the
House to undertake to appoint, retain in office,
or force upon the President his Cabinet, his
clerks, or his servants." There is as much jus-
tice, sense, and right in one proposition as the
other.
The main point upon which the inipeachers
hang their hopes is that during the session of
Congress the President undertook to remove
Mr. Stanton. That we may not make any mis-
takes, allow me to state the facts of the case.
During Mr. Lincoln's first term, and in January,
1862, Mr. Stanton was appointed by him ip
