328
THE <JON.GEES8iONAL ©IX)BE.'
January 8,
man from a seat, here upcm oar conviction of hi*
disloyalty. Sir, 1 remember but a very few years
since a President of the United States was in
tin- liabit in the coarse of liis annual messages
of u-nniiig certain Mates of the northern paTt
of the Union as disloyal. Why ? Because he
lii-lii-veU or he insinuated that they held opin 
ions upon the question Of abolition or the
emancipation ot that old outrage, which has
gone at last, which were unconstitutional, not
warranted by the Constitution of the United
States, and hence he said these opinions were
disloyal and that the States to which this sen-
timent wa* attributed were disloyal. I do not
wish to gee a precedent which the partisans of
such a President as that eould make a pretext
for arraigning a representative here for his
loyalty and excluding him from his seat. 1
think the safer rule is to stand by the tetter of
the Constitution as it i8. i am sure it cannot
endanger the national authority. But when
you come to talk of those communities which
did by their local governments and local tri-
bunals take part in this wanton rebellion there
your remedy is different. You have put that
partially in force. There your remedy has
fallen not upon the representative bat upon
the constituency; you have denied to them the
right to send representatives here, and I will
not take my seat until I have said onee for all
that I hope the Congress of the United States
will never restore that right of representation
nntil those communities are not only loyal but
want to be represented by loyal men iu both
Houses of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it was
not nay intention, at any rate at this stage of
the debate, to take any part in it, nor should I
now say anything but in consequence of what
has been said by the Senator from Wisconsin.
His remarks call op the arguments which we
had in this body in 1862, when the act pre-
scribing this oath was passed. The Senator
has brought before us the objections that were
urged to it at that time. They were very fully
considered in the Senate on that occasion, and
our friend from Vermont, Mr. Collumer, who
then occupied a seat in this body, replied very
fully to all those arguments, and as 1 tliought
very conclusively, at any rate to the saiislac-
tion of a majority of the Senate.
I quite agree with the Senator from Wiscon.
sin that the States should be protected in all
their rights, and I quite agree with him that we
should stand by the Constitution, and I agree
with him that the qua.ifications prescribed by
the Constitution of the United States as requi-
site to be possessed by Senators and Repre-
sentatives cannot be added to or taken from by
legislation of the States or by legislation of
Congress. So far we are in harmony; but
when the Senator tells us that we have passed
a law adding to the qualifications of persons
"who are elected Senators and Representa-
tives- 
Mr. HOWE. No, I do not say so. I say
we have not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, when the Senator
tells us that we cannot refuse to admit into
this body an avowed disloyalist, an enemy of
the country, I say to him that the Constitution
not only authorizes us to refuse admission to
such a person, but that he and .1 are both
sworn that we will not admit him.
Mr. HOWE. I have not said that we cannot
refuse to admit an avowed traitor. My argu-
ment was that we could not refuse to admit a
man simply because he had been a traitor.
Mr. TliUMBULL. Well, then, the Senator
admits, if he calls that a qualification, that if
he is a traitor he can be kept out. He may be
old enough, he may have resided long enough
in Kentucky, he may, like Breckinridge, be
elected from Kentucky, and how is the Sen-
ator going to keep him out? Because he ts not
qualified to be admitted. Then, to use his own
language, if you can add one qualification
where are you to stop? 1 insist that we may
keep him out ; and as the blest evidence of his
present disloyalty I would show that he had
sting against the country and making
war u{von It: and how are yo« to prove that he
is at present disloyal except by his acts and
declarations in the past?
Sir, the Constitution doe9 say that "no per-
son shall be a Senator who shall not have-
attained to the age of thirty years and been
nine years a citizen of the United States, and
who shall not when elected be an inhabitant
of that State for which he shall be chosew."
Suppose there comes here, as has been sug-
gested, a person who has been prominent in
this rebellion, I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Wisconsin—if, under his rule, he
must be admitted to a Seat-1—whether he would
hesitate when he was admitted to a seat to
expel him ? Would he allow a felon to sit
here? Would he alio* a judge convicted of
bribery to sit here if lie was elected a Senator?
The laws of the United States, passed bymany
ot" the very men who framed the Constitution
of the United States, declared as long ago as
1789 that if the judge of any court shonld be
convicted of bribery he should be subjected to
certain punishments, one of which was a diaj
qualification forever to hold any office of honor,
trust, or profit nnder the Government. Is that
law unconstitutional?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is eonstitational.
Is that adding qualifications? That is-a valid
law, the Senator tells lis. Now, that1 is not
all there is in the Constitution on the subject.
That is all there is which prescribes the age
and citizenship and residence of the person
elected to the Senate; bat there is another
' clause \vhieh declares that—
"The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned. and ihe members of the several State Legis-
latures, and all executive and jndicial officers, both
of tho United btatoa and of the several States, shall
be bound by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution,"
Men Cannot take their seats because they have
been elected, because they are old enough and
havethe qualifications prescribed. Something
more is requisite. What is it? They shall be
bound by oath. And how by oath ? By such an
oath as the Congress of the United States shall
prescribe to test their citizenship, for a person
cannot be a citizen of the country, which implies
loyalty and obedience to the laws of the coun-
try and taking part in the Government of the
country—he cannot be that and at the same
time an enemy of the country and making war
upon it.
Mr. HOWE. Cannot be a citizen and an
enemy?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He cannot be a citizen
of the country in the sense of the Constitntion
and at the same time making war upon the
Government of the couutry. He is a citizen
for certain purposes; as the Senator says, he
may be citizen enough to be convicted of trea-
son and have the right to be hung; but he is
not citizen enough to take this oath. Does
the Senator mean to be understood as saying
that a man can swear to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States and in the same
breath be making war upon the Constitution
of the United States? Can he do that?
Congress has always undertaken to prescribe
the character of this oaih.which should be re-
quired of officers appointed or elected under
the Constitution. lou will observe that the
language applies not simply to Senators and
Representatives, but the precise same language
applies to the members of the State Legisla-
tures and all executive and judicial officers,
both of the United States and of the several
States: all are,to be bound by oath ; and how
by oath? By the oath which the legislative
authority prescribes for the members and for
the judges. Now, what did they prescribe for
the judges? I have before me, in the first
volume of the Statutes, an act passed in 1780,
which declares—
"That the justices of the Supreme Court and the
district jndges. before they proceed to execute the
dutiesof their respective offices, shall take the follow-
ing oath or affirmation, to wit: ' I, A B, do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I will administer justice with-
out respect to persons, and do equal right to the poor
aad to the rich; aad that X will faithfully and im-
partf ally'discharge Mid perform all the duties incumt
Denton toons'"— uooordiag to the Inst ot my abilities
and understanding, agreea bly to the CousUiuliuu and
laws of the United States.'"
This is the oath that has been administered
to every Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and to every associate,
justice of that court; which MarslmU and
Taney and all the rest took from the beginning,
of the Government. They could not enter
upon the discharge of the duties of their office
without taking this oath. But the . language
of the Constitution ivhich applies to Senators
and Representatives is precisely .the same,
which applies to judges of the courts. If,
therefore, we had a right to make a law pre-
scribing the form of oath to be taken by a
judge we had a right to make a law prescrib-
ing the form of oath to be taken by a Seuator,
because the language of the Constitution is the
same as to both- Then I insist that we had
authority to pass the act of July 2, 18C2. The
Senator, I presume, voted for it; I apprehend
that he did. If he did not, he ought to have
voted for it; and as he generally votes right I
assume that he voted for that law.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the question
whether I did vote for the law or not is of no
consequence in this debate. I would answer
on that point if I knew whether I voted for it
or not; but in point of fact I do not know. I
do not remember the occasion on which the
law passed. The only occasiou when my atten-,
tion was ever called to the la* was pending the
question of the admission of a former Seuator,
from Delaware. , My impression was at that
time that 1 was in Wisconsin when the law
passed; but still I do not know that the fact is
so ; and l,~do not know but that 1 voted for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do,not suppose it is
very material. I presumed the Senator had
voted for it; but perhaps he did not.
Now, what does this law require? It requires
that all officers, "before entering on the duties
of their office/' shall take the oath prescribed.
1 have undertaken to show that we had author-
ity to prescribe this oath. If 1 have succeeded
in doing that, then, having prescribed this oath,
we have a rijjht to inquire whether ,the party
is in a condition to take it.
What was the Judiciary Compaitteete inquire
into ? ' The credentials of Mr, Thomas, the
Senator-elect, were referred to that committee,
They were to examine his credentials. They
found them in due form. We knew that the
Senator-elect possessed the requisite qualifica-
tions of age and residence and citizenship.
We then looked to this statute'Which required
that before he should be admitted to his seat
he should take a certain oath. Then we pro-
ceeded to examine whether the facts were such
as to preclude him from truthfully taking this
oath. The Senator says we cannot do that,
Why? He has admitted that it is competent
for the Legislature to provide by law that a
judge convicted of bribery cannot take a seat
in this body. If it is competent to provide by
law that a man convicted of bribery cannot
take a seat in this, body is it not competent to
provide by law that a man guilty ot treason
shall not take a teat in this body? Indeed, I
think a part-of the punishment of treason is
disqualification from office under a law passed
some years since. But whether that be so or
not, we have prescribed this oath. If it was
competent in the Legislature to provide that
after a conviction for bribery—it is a question
of power I am arguing—the party convicted
should not take a seat here, it js competent to
provide that the Senate, being the judges upon
this point; may, if they are satisfied that the
man is guilty of bribery, not allow him to take
his seat here. That is my point.
Mr. HOWE. My friend will allow me a
moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I am qtiite willing to believe
with tay friend from Illinois, for I caa say that
I have no ambition to gratify in being confirmed
in my own views, and as he is debating this
question for the purpoaeof removing my objae-
