3700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July
Kirkseey, Thomas W. Grimes, Wade H. Stephens,
John Wells, (colored,) John Stapler, (colored.) and
James MoHemy, (colored,) who have been released
by order of General George G. Meade, on condition
that they would each give security in .the sum of
$2,000 that they would each roport and appear before
the military authorities of the United States,at such
time and placeas t.hecommanding officerof thetkird
military district may direct. Wow, then, if any of
the said parties, so released, shall fail to appear and
report to the military authorities of the United States,
at such timo and place as the commandingoificerof
the thiid military district may direct, and the parties
to this bond shall pay the sum of $2,500 for each and
everyone of said persons so released who may fail
to appear and report as aforesaid, then this bond to
be null and void; else, to remain in full force and
virtue.
Witnessed by It. J. MOSES,
JSotary Public,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As this
resolution relates to the same subject as the
one just referred, I move that it also be le-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
RICIITS op american CITIZENS abroad.
The next business in order was the following
preamble and resolution, submitted by Mr.
Van Wyck on the 17th of June, and laid on
the table for future debate:
Whereas foreign nations should not be allowed to
l'aise the question whel her American citizenship was
acquired by birth or adoption, the rights of citizen-
ship being the same to all citizens; and whereas this
Republic has pledged its laith to persons of all
natiyns that residence, renunciation of foimer alle-
giance, and compliance with our laws make them
citizens here, and the honor of the nation is pledged
that such proinibo bo redeemed, no matter whence
came the citizen orliowever powerful thenation that
denies it; and whereas Great Britain has, in defiance
of the law of nations, a portion of her own history,
and the results of the war ot 1812, lately established
in lier courts the dogma once a subject always a sub-
ject, and has in repeated instances refused to recog-
nize the rights of American citizens by denying them
the privilege of mixed juries, tieating as subjects of
her realm many of our citizens who had periled lite
in delense of this Government during the war of the
rebellion, in sorno cases arresting and imprisoning
for words spoken in this country: Therefore,
Resoloed, That the President of the United States
immediately demand from any foreign euuntiy who
may have imprisoned Amcnean citizens lor words
spoken in this country acknowledgment as complete
and ample as was made by this Government in
apology for the arrest of Mason andSlidell; and if
such apology is denied ho report the fact to Congress
for its action; also, that he demand reparation in all
cases where American citizens have been treated as
subjects of a foreign Power. And that to all such
persons now imprisoned the rights heroin claimed
shall bo granted; and that he report to this House
what ho bas done, if anything to secure such rights
and redress the wrongs above set forth.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Thegen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck] is
not now present. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
JilUDGES OVER THE OHIO.
The next business in order was the consid-
eration of a joint resolution (11. II. No 305)
in respect to the construction of bridges over
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, introduced by
Mr. Raum, on the. 22d of June.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Tlie joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that hereafter all bridges to be constructed
and in process of construction over the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers shall be made with un-
broken and continuous spans ; and that the
span of any such bridge covering the main
channel of the river shall be live hundred feet
in length in the clear.
Mr. RAUM. I move to amend the joint
resolution by striking out all after the resolv-
ing clause and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
That fiom and after the passage of "this resolution
all bridges to be constructed, asid now in proocss ot
eonstiuotion over the Ohio river, shall be made with
unbroken and continuous span, and shall not bo
of less elevation than titty feet above extreme high
water as understood at the point ot location, meas-
uring ior such elevation to the lowest paitof such
bridge at the center of the span; nor shall the span
of any such bridges covering tho main channel of said
river be less than live hundred feet in length in the
clear, and the piers of said budges ^hall be parallel
with tlio current of the river: Provide4, That noth-
ing contained in tho foregoing resolution shall bo
construed to apply to the bridge in process ot con-
struction over the Ohio river at the tails ot said
river.
I suppose this subject has been examined by
nearly all the members of the House. The
great importance of securing the. navigation of
the Ohio river, and, in fact, of all our western
rivers, is a question to which we should all
direct our attention. While I would be glad
to offer some observations in reference to the
importance of passing this resolution now, still
as there are but a few minutes of the morning
hour left, I will move the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to move to amend this resolution by insert-
ing the words "Mississippi and Missouri?" so
that it may apply to all those three rivers.
Mr. RAUM. 1 would prefer to have the
Ohio river stand upon its own merits.
Mr. SCHENCK, Ou its own bottom, I
suppose.
Mr. RAUM. Yes; I want to see the ques-
tion tested on the Ohio river alone.
Mr. DELANO. Why did the gentleman
make his resolution originally apply to the
Mississippi and Ohio rivers?
Mr. KAUM. I drafted this resolution ori-
ginally for the Ohio river alone. At the soli-
citation of some of my friends I inserted the
word ''Mississippi." Finding, however, that
that would raise considerable opposition, 1
have offered this substitute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not suggest my
amendment out of any opposition to the joint
resolution.
Mr. RAUM. I call the previous question
on the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this joint resolution having been reached dur-
ing the morning hour on Monday, if the pre
vious question is ordered it will be disposed of
to-day. If the previous question is not seconded,
it will go over until Monday next at the expira-
tion of this morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the previous question
shall be voted down, I suppose the joint reso-
lution will be amendable?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. MOORHEAD. This resolution con-
forms to a report which I understand has been
agreed upon by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman yield to trie
for two minutes?
Mr. RAUM. I will yield to the gentleman
for two minutes.
Mr. PILE. I desire to say that it is not
necessary, and it would be a great injury to the
commerce of the Missouri river to apply this
restriction to it. I hope it will not be done for
the reason the fleets of barges cannot be towed
up the Missouri river. The currentof the river
is so strong that itis difficult foraheavily laden
boat to stem the current. Unless aslack-water
navigation should be established on the Mis-
souri river (which is not contemplated, and
never will be done) there is no necessity for a
provision requiring bridges across that river to
be five hundred feet span, for the simple reason
that no fleets of barges requiring such a span
can ever navigate that river. Nor is there any
necessity for such a provision with regard to
the Mississippi river above the city of Keokuk.
The fleets of barges navigating the river above
that point can readily pass through a span of
three hundred or three hundred and fifty feet.
I think, however, there is an urgent necessity
for a provision of this kind with reference to
the Ohio river, and also with reference to the
Mississippi river at and below the city of Keo-
kuk. I hope the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Raum] will yield for an amendment making
the provisions of the resolution applicable to
the Mississippi river at and below the city of
Keokuk.
Mr. RAUM. I prefer not to yield for that
amendment. I wish the Ohio river to stand
on its own merits. I demand the previous
question on the substitute.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 35, noes 20; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr.Raum and Mr. Gab
field.
Mr. PILE. I desire to ask a parliamentary
question. If the previons question be sus-
tained, cannot the resolution be afterward
amended by unanimous consent so as to apply
to the Mississippi river at and below the city
of Keokuk?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should be sustained, it will exhaust itself upon
the substitute. The question will then be upon
ordering the joint resolution to be engrossed
and read the third time; and it will then be
open for amendment, unless the JSouse should
order the previous question.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, which was
upon agreeing to the substitute.
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a proposition which
I do not know to be pertinent, but I ask that
it may be read for information.
Mr. RAUM. I do not yield for that. I
call for the previous question.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes '16, noes 31; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Price and Mr.
Stoxh.
The House divided: and the tellers reported—-
ayes 71, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the joint resolution, as
amended, was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, ft was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 23, not voting
92 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Bailey, Banks,
Beatty, Benjamin, Blair, Boles, Bromwell, Cake,
Cobb, Coburn, Cuilom, Dawes, Driggs, Ela, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Halsey, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hig-
by, Hinds, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Lo-
gan, Loughridge, Lyncji, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard,
McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head,Mullins, iN unn, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Price, Raum, Roots
Sehenck, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron P. Stevens,
S tokes. Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwaiader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry I). Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, William Williams, and Wood-
bridge—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M.Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Boutwell, Benjamin F. Butler, Sid-
neyClarke. Delano,Donnelly, Garfield, Hooper, Hul-
burd, Jenckes, Judd, Orth. Pomeroy, Sawyer, Stew-
art, .Stone, William B.Washburn, JamesF. Wilson,
and Windom—23.
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos K.
Ashley, Axtell, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Be«k,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall,
Buckland, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Gary, Chanier,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Dixon, Dodge, Eokley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Ferriss,
Fields, Finney, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Gravely, Griswold, Grover, llaight, Harding, Hill,
Holman, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D.Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr.Ket-
cham, Knott, Lafhn, Lincoln, Marshall, McCormick,
McCullough, McKee, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen,
Myers. Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pol-
sley, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
Scofield, Sclye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stark-
weather, Thaddeus Stevens, Taber, Taffe, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aernarn, Van
Aukon, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Welker, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—92.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. RAUM moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title was amended so as to read as fol-
lows: "A joint resolution in reference to the
construction of bridges over the Ohio river.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Ik'KCu, one of its clerks, requesting the
return of House bill No. 554, making a grant
of land to the State of Minnesota to aid in the
