212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February-22,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Mungen.
40th Cong....2b Sess.
place of Hon. Simox Camerox, and the ap
pointment was approved and confirmed by the
Senate. Mr. Lincoln was reelected and Mr.
Stanton received no new appointment from Mr.
Lincoln either with or without the consent of
the Senate, although some of the Cabinet were
reappointed and confirmed. Soon after Mr.
Lincoln entered upon his second term as Pres-
ident and Mr. Johnson as Yice President the
office of President became vacant by the death
of Mr: Lincoln. The duties and responsibili-
ties of President of the United States at once
devolved upon Mr. Johnson. The Cabinet met
for consultation as usual. No change was
made or proposed by him, and Mr. Stanton
remained in the War Office. Since that time
President Johnson never appointed Mr. Stan-
ton either with or without the consent of the
Senate. He did request him to resign, which
he refused to do, and the President suspended
him. As soon as the Senat® met they forced
him back into the War Office despite the well-
known wishes of the President and the residue
of the Cabinet. Mr. Stanton is, therefore, in
the War Office not by "appointment by the
President by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate," but by appointment by the Sen-
ate alone, who, in this instance, has apparently
assumed the entire responsibility.
Mr. Stanton never was appointed Secretary
of War by President Johnson, either with or
without the consent of the Senate, as before
remarked; therefore it is clear that he has not
violated the first section of the act already
quoted. The proviso is very plain in its terms:
"Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney General
shall hold their offices respectively ior and during
the term of the President by whom they wero ap-
pointed. and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
By the very terms of this proviso Mr. Stan-
ton's term of office would have expired one
month after the expiration of President Lin-
coln's first term of office, which would have
been April 4, 1865. The furthest that could
be claimed is that it expired one month after
his decease.
The mode of appointing the Secretary of
War is pointed out in the Constitution. In the
second clause of the second section of the sec-
ondarticle are these words;
" He (the President) shall have power, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make trea-
ties, provided two thirds of the Senators present
concur. And he shall nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint,
embassadors, other public ministers, and consuls,
judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers
Of the United States whose appointments are not
herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be
established by law."
It is charged that the President has violated
the Constitution in attempting to get rid of
Mr. Stanton, who was merely an incumbent
of the War Office by sufferance. It would be
more easy to convince me that the Senate had
violated the provisious of the Constitution in
placing Mr. Stanton back in that office. The
President is not bound to consult the Senate
as to whom he shall appoint. If he appoint
a person to an office and the Senate see proper
to confirm the nomination, it does so, and this
is "the advice and consent" spoken of in the
'Constifntion. It has the same right to reject
the nomination; but in no ease can the Senate
nominate. Mr. Stanton never having been
nominated by President Johnson is he not
now in the War Office by the nomination or
procurement of the Senate, contrary to and
beyond their powers and in violation of the
Constitution ?
Great stress is laid upon the letter of the
President touching the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton during the time when the Senate is in ses-
sion. Congress, by the tenure-of-oivil office
bill, attempts to prevent the President from
removing any officer whom he himself ap-
pointed. Gentlemen say there is no authority
granted in the Constitution for the removal by
the President of any one. Neither is there
for Congress to prevent the removal; and, by
the terms of that instrument, all powers not
clearly granted to Congress are reserved to the
States and to the people.
This point of removal from office is no new
one. It was ably and fully discussed in the
Congress of 1789, the first which ever as-
sembled under the existing Constitution of the
United States. That legislative decision is
almost a supplement to the organic law iiself.
(See Marshall's Life of Washington, chap. 3,
p. 199; 1 Lloyd's Debates, p. o99; 2 vol.
Lloyd's Debates, p. 12; Senate Journal, July
18, 1789, p. 42.)
Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, volume two, page 408, section
fifteen hundred and forty-two, says, in speaking
of this:
"After a most animated discussion the vote finally
taken in the House of Representatives was affirma-
tive of the power of removal in the President, with-
out any cooperation of the Senate, by the vote of
thirty-four to twenty. In the Senate the clause of
the bill affirming the power was carried by the cast-
ing vote of the Vice President."
Here is the expression of this body when it
was composed in great degree of the fathers and
framers of the Constitution on this very point;
and it establishes, as settled law, that neither
Congress nor the Senate alone have any con-
stitutional right to interpose in removal of
officers appointed by the President. All that
the Senate can do is to assent or object to the
nominees of the President, and thereby deter-
mine whether he may commission them or not.
In this view of the case the tenure-of-office bill
is clearly unconstitutional.
Justice Story says:
"The public acquiesccd in this decision;" *
* f * " nor is this general acquiescence with-
out a satisfactory explanation. During the admin-
istration of President Washington few removals were
made; few wero made in that of the first Adams; in
that of President Jefferson the circle was greatly
enlarged."
Madison, Monroe, and John Q. Adams ®11
exercised the power. During President Jack-
son's term of office Justice Story says:
"A system of removals and new appointments to
office was pursued so extensively that it reached a
very lnige proportion of all the offices of honor afid
profit in the civil departments of the country." ■
Chancellor Kent says:
" Between the 4t.h of March, 1820, when President
Jackson came into office, and the 4th of March.
1830," * * * * "there were removed
eight persona in the diplomatic corps, thirty-six in
the Executive Departments, and in the other civil
departments, including consuls, maa-shals, district
attorneys, collectors, and other officers of the cus-
toms, one hundred and ninety persons. These offi-
cers include a very large proportion of all the most
lucrative offices under the national Government.
Beside these there were removals in the Post Office
Department during the same period, four hundred
and ninety persons."
In proof of this he cites Postmaster Gene-
ral Barry's report of March 24, 1880; also the
National Intelligencer of September 27, 1832.
General Harrison swept the offices entirely
of their old occupants, and filled them with
his friends in 1841. Polk did the same. Pres-
ident Taylor did the same; so did Pierce; and
so, again, did Lincoln. Not a Democrat was
left, as far as I know, when he came into
power, in any civil office. It was all right
then ; he was the Government. It is all wrong
now; Congress is the Government.
In Sergeant on the Constitution, chapter 29,.
(chapter 31,) this language is used:
"Another question occurred, upon carrying into
effect the act of Congress of 1821 for reducing the
military establishment.. President Monroe, on that
occasion contended that he had a right, in filling the
original vacancies in the artillery and in tho newly
created office of Adjutant General, to place in them
any officer belonging to the whole military establish-
ment, whether ol tho staff or of the tine."
In filling original vacancies, said he—
" That is, offices newly created, it is my opinion
tliat Congress has no right under tho Constitution to
impose any restraint bylaw on tho power granted to
the President, so as to prevent bis making a free
election for these offices from the whale bodv of jiis
fellow-eitiaens. If the law imposed such a restraint
it would be void."
Compare these views of President Monroe,
so far as applicable, and also Justice Story's
remarks, with the tenure-of-office bill, and it is
easily seen to my mind that the bill is wrong,
and the action of Congress a usurpation ia so
far as it interferes with the well-settled pre-
rogatives of the Executive.
The most illustrious of American jurists, in
a great case, regarded by the partisans of the
time as pressing the executive powers into
the smallest possible space, yet expounded the
present principle thus:
"The President is invested with certain important
Solitical powers^ in the exercise ofwhich he is to use
is own discretion, and is accountable only to his
country in his political character, and to his own
eonsciencc. To aid him in the performance of these
duties he is authorized to appoint certain officers,
who act by his authority and in conformity to his
order*. In such cases their acts are his acts; and
whatever opinion may be entertained of the manner
in which executive discretion may be used, still
there exists and can exist no power to control that
discretion. The subjects arc political. They respect
the nation, notindividual rights, awl.'being intrusted
to the Executive, the decision of the Executive is
conclusive."—Chief Justice Marshall in Marbury va.
Madison, 1 Crrnich, 137.
In 1789, when the Constitution was under
consideration, and before the vote was taken
to which I have alluded, Mr. Madison made a
powerful speech in favor of that clause leav-
ing to the President the removal of officers at
his pleasure who had been appointed by him.
But the very commission from President Lin-
coln by which Stanton held the office of
Secretary of War provides by its own terms
and langaage that he only holds it during the
pleasure of the President. Such has been the
tenor of every Cabinet officer's commission
since 1789. The words are these :
"To have and to hold said office during the pleas-
ure of the President of the United States for the
time being."
Plain Anglo-Saxon words. No double mean-
ing about them. "During the pleasure of the
President." Mr. Stanton and other gentie-
men'who claim that he is the legal Secretary
of War must reason thus: President Lincoln
commissioned Mr. Stanton and made him Sec-
retary of War. He never told Mr. Stanton,
while he was alive, to resign-; therefore, Mr.
Stanton held "during the pleasure" of the
President; since the President's decease he is
doubtless enjoying the pleasures of heaven;
therefore, Mr. Stanton must be Secretary of
War through all eternity, or as long as the
late President's pleasure lasts.
But "seriously. Whatever may be the power
of Congress in the premises, it will not be pre-
tended that any statute could give Mr. Stan-
ton any other or any more of an office than
that which was already expressed in his com-
mission. If a law would be constitutional
which should give any one hereafter to be ap-
pointed a life tenure, certainly Mr. Stanton
could not get the benefit of it without being
appointed to a life tenure office under the law.
Even if Congress could repeal his commission
certainly they cannot issue a new one to him.
The Constitution provides "the President
shall commission all officers of the United
States." But Mr. Stanton's commission ex-
pressly makes his tenure "during the pleasure
of the President," &c. If the President, then,
even on the theory contended for in favor of
the law, has withdrawn his pleasure, what be-
comes of the commission of Mr. Stanton, not-
withstanding the office-tenure law, even if it is
valid? If he is in office he is an officer with-
out a commission of office. If he is a com-
missioned officer his commission has become
void by the happening of the contingency ex-
pressed in itself upon which it was to cease to
be a commission, namely, absence of "the
pleasure of the President of the United States
for the time being." From this result there
can be no escape without denying that Mr.
Johnson is "President of the United State# for
the time bsisjg."
