im
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
fort rilky reservation.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report by the Quartermaster
General, relative to the Fort Riley military res-
ervation, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of January 22,1868; which was ordered
to be printed and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
post oracb building in boston.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
s communication from the Postmaster General
and Secretary of the Treasury, giving a report
of the commission to select a site for a build-
ing for the post oflice and sub-Treasury in the
city of Boston; which was ordered to be printed
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. B. No. 228)
relative to the post office and sub-Treasury in
t-b*e city of Boston; which was read a first and
second time and referred to the same com-
mittee.
affairs in new mexico.
the SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following memorials from the territorial
Legislative Assembly of New Mexico:
Memorial relative to alleged usurpation of
power by the Governor of said Territory;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
Memorial praying that the commander of
that district may be authorized to call out vol-
unteers and punish deserters; which was or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Memorial relative to the Rio Grande tract
of land in that Territory ; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Memorial relative to the annexation of a part
of said Territory to the Territory of Colorado,
and protesting against the same ; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Territories.
Memorial relative to a wagon road between
the city of Sante Fe and the valley of Taos;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
arid Canals.
Memorial relative to the Navajo Indians, now
at the Bosque Redondo, in said Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
correction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is requested
to state in behalf of Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, that he is recorded in the Journal as
having voted against laying on the table the
resolution of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] on Tuesday last, in regard to sub-
sidies for railroads. lie states that he voted
for laying it on the table. The Journal will be
corrected accordingly.
leave op absence.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, asked and
obtained indefinite leave of absence for his
colleague, Mr. Anderson.
Mr. WARD asked and obtained leave of
absence for two weeks for his colleague, Mr.
Humphrey.
rioiits of americas citizens.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 229)
defining the duty of the nation toward its
native and adopted citizens; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
public lands.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Julian, pending at the adjourn-
ment yesterday, to reconsider the vote by
which Housebill No. 370, to prevent the further
sale of the public lands of the United States,
except as provided for in the preemption and
homestead laws and the laws for disposing of
town sites and mineral lands, was postponed.
Mr. JULIAN. I withdraw the motion, to
reconsidef.
The SPEAKER. The bill then comes be-
fore the House.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, perhaps there
is no question affecting the civil administration
of the Government which more deeply con-
cerns the people of the United States than that
which is submitted in the bill I have had the
honor to report from the Committee on Public
Lands. It' touches all the springs of our na-
tional life and well-being. It makes its appeal
to every landless citizen of the Republic, and
to every foreigner who comes to our shores in
search of a home. It reaches down t6 the very
foundations of democratic equality, and takes
hold on the coming ages of industrial develop-
ment and Christian civilization in the rapidly
multiplying States of our Union. Had the
policy now proposed been accepted by the
nation a generation ago, before its magnificent
patrimony had been so grievously marred and
wasted by legislative profligacy and plunder,
the gratitude of millions would have attested
the blessed results, the failure of which mil-
lions must deplore. Not a single hour of
further delay should stay the friendly hand of
Congress in rescuing the remaining heritage of
a thousand million acres from the improvident
administration of the past.
Before proceeding to the general discussion
of this measure it may be well briefly to refer
to its particular provisions and their effect in
modifying the action of its controlling princi-
ple. It forbids the further sale of the public
lands, except asprovided for in the preemption
and homestead laws. These laws have been
im proved by repeated amendments, which have
been suggested by experience, and their ma-
chinery is understood by the people. Under
the preemption laws the settler may select his
home on the surveyed orunsurveyed lands, and
perfect his title on the easy conditions of set-
tlement and improvement* and the payment of
$1 25 per acre. Under the homestead laws
like conditions of settlement and improvement
are required, but the claimant is restricted to
the surveyed lands, and the payment of $1 25
per acre is only required where he shall decide
to perfect his title at once by the purchase of
his homestead, which he may do after the
required improvement has been made. The
purpose of both the preemption and homestead
laws is the settlement and tillage of the public
domain by those who need homes, and the
option is given to every settler to determine
under which class of laws he can best subserve
his interest.
The bill reserves to the holders of military
bounty-land warrants,agricultural college scrip,
and other land scrip, the right to locate the
same. This could not be otherwise. How-
ever mistaken or pernicious the policy of issu-
ing these warrants and this scrip may now be
regarded, the faith of the nation is plighted that
they may be located according to the terms pre-
scribed by Congress. Lands selected for town
sites are likewise expressly excepted from the
operations of the bill, because their disposition
is already provided for. An act for the dis-
posal of coal lands and town sites on the public
domain, approved July 1, 1804, and the act
amendatory thereto of March 3, 1865, make
special provision for the disposition of such
lands, and properly withdraw them from the
scope of this bill.
Mineral lands are also excepted, and for kin-
dred, though less conclusive reasons. The
peculiar character of these lands calls for pecu-
liar legislation; and the act of Congress of
July 2t>, 180G, undertook to deal with them.
The act is singularly crude and clumsy, and
very few persons thus far have even attempted
to assert title under it. Its history is not less
remarkable. It passed the Senate near the
close of the first session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, without any previous general discus-
sion by the members of that body. On reach-
ing the House it was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, which at once proceeded
to consider it, and to reconstruct, its leading
features. This did not suit its- friends in the
Senate, who caused it to be attached to the
enacting clause of a bill then pending in that
body, entitled "An act granting the right of
way to ditch and canal owners over the public
lands in the States of California, Oregon, and
Nevada." Under this strange title it was re-
enacted in the Senate; and on finding its way
to the Speaker's table during the closing hours
of the session, it was hurried through the
House in utter disregard of the rights of the
committee having it in charge, without any
opportunity whatever for general discussion,
without even the pretense that its provisions
were understood, and by parliamentary tactics
which, if generally adopted, would convert the
business of legislation into a system of gam-
bling, in which the very titles of our laws would
brand them as the progeny of knavery and
fraud. The remarkable decline in the product
of bullion during the past year is undoubtedly
due, to a considerable extent, to the uncertainty
of titles in the great mining regions and the
need of a fixed code of laws; and since there is
a bill now pending here amendatory of the
law under notice, and its manifest faults must
lead to its perfection, there is no occasion to
deal with the question in the measure now be-
fore the House.
With these qualifications, Mr. Speaker, the
bill I have reported withdraws from further
sale the public domain of the United States,
and dedicates it, in reasonable homesteads, to
actual settlement and productive wealth; and
it is this fundamental and far-reaching princi-
ple to which I now invite the attention of this
House and of the country.
Mr. Speaker, I hold it to be a clear propo-
sition that the Government, as the servant of
the people, is bound to render the territory
under its control as productive as possible.
Both political economy and the law of nature
sanction this principle. The Government has
no right to withhold its vacant lands from til-
lage while its own citizens dosire -them for
homesteads, and arc willing tomakethem con-
tribute to the general wealth. "Nothing," says
Locke, " was made by God for man to spoil or
destroy." Vattel declares that the cultivation
of the soil is "a profession that feeds the hu-
man race;" that it is "the natural employ-
ment of man," and "an obligation imposed
bynature on mankind;" and that therefore it
"deserves the utmost attention of the Gov-
ernment." He says, " The sovereign ought to
neglect no means of rendering the land under
his jurisdiction as well cultivated as possible.
He ought not to allow either communities or
private persons to acquire large tracts of land
and leave them uncultivated." He adds,
" The whole earth is destined to feed its in-
habitants ; but this it would be incapable of
doing if it were uncultivated. Every nation is
then obliged by the law of nature to cultivate
the land that has fallen to its share." "The
earth," says the Westminster Review, "is the
great mother which all should regard with filial
reverence. To the earth we owe alike our
lives and our pleasures, and if there be an ex-
cess of poverty and misery among men it is
because the earth is not tilled in such a man-
ner as to yield the maximum of the necessa-
ries of life." " No man," says John Stuart
Mill, "made the land. It is the original in-
heritance of the whole species and he dc-
clares^ that " wherever, in any country, the
proprietor, generally speaking, ceases to be
the improver, political economy has nothing
to sajr_in defense of landed property as there
established." These authorities, which could
readily be multiplied, are simply the echo of
common sense. They are the voice of reason
and justice, affirming, in different forms of
speech, the scriptural truth that the earth be-
longs "to the children of men."
If, then, the Divine command to "subdue
the earth," that is, to improve it, and compel
it to yield of its abundance, is binding upon
the Government as well as the citizen, we are
naturally conducted to the inquiry, what policy
ought it to pursue in order to secure the maxi-
