2736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uiie 1,
unprecedented and in very bad taste to propose
to compliment the Chief Justice of the United
States by a resolution of this kind for his ser-
vices upon the Supreme Bench while he con-
tinues in that office. It was for that reason
that I voted against the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say one word
in explanation of my vote. I voted for this as
an amendment to the resolution. I should
have voted against it as a final proposition,
believing that resolutions of this character
ought not to pass.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to say, simply in
explanation of the vote I shall give, that for
whatever of distinguished service Mr. Stanton
hq£ done the country, and in my opinion he
has done much, I am willing to vote the thanks
of Congress in return. I think I entertain as
high regard for his distinguished, patriotic, and
valuable services to the country during our
long war as any individual on this floor; but I
cannot consent to vote for a resolution which
will, even if not so intended, condemn my
former action in the late trial. If I thought
this resolution was so worded as simply to
tender thanks to that distinguished man, for
whom I entertain the highest regard, and for
whose services I entertain the highest appre-
ciation, and so as not to place those who voted
against the impeachment of the President of
the United States in a false position, I should
very gladly concur in the resolution. I should
like to bestow upon all those men who partici-
pated in the suppression of the late rebellion
any honors that possibly could be. In this
ease I cannot.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 11; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony, Cameron.Cattell. Chand-
ler, Cole.Conkling.Conness, Cragin, Drake,Edmunds
Ferry, 3?>ssenden, Frelinghuvsen, Ilartan, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mon-ill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Spmgue. Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thaver, Tipton. Trumbull. Van Winkle, Wade,
Willev, Williams, Wilson. and Y'ates—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew.DoolittJe, Kowler, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, MeCreery, Norton, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Ross, and Vickers—11.
ABSENT—Mewus. Bayard, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,
Grimes, and Saulsbury—6.
So the resolution was adopted.
message er03i the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiisox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No.
1073) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1869, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 786) declaring St.
George and Boothbay, in the State of Maine,
and San Antonio, Texas, ports of delivery,
and authorizing the establishment of bonded
warehouses at Bucksport and Vinalhaven, in
the State of Maine.
enrolled bill, etc., signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore- of
the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 786) declaring St. G-eorge,
Boothbay, Bucksport, Vinalhaven, and North
Haven, in the State of Maine, and San Anto-
nio, in the State of Texas, ports of delivery;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 279) in relation
to the breakwater at Portland, Maine.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that Mr.
Grimes be excused from serving upon the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the
naval appropriation bill, and that the Chair be
authorized to supply his place by an appoint-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
dent pro tempore appointed Mr. Nte.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1073) making appropri-
ations tor the current, and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1869, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
representation of arkansas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of Saturday, being the bill
(IT. R. No. 1039) to admit the Stale of Arkan-
sas to representation in Congress, is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, upon
which the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. By the leave of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, I wish to present an amend-
ment to the bill now under consideration, so
that it may be read.
Mr. DRAKE. There is an amendment pend-
ing now.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, there will be no
objection to mine being read.
Mr. DRAKE. You had better let it be read
and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
two other amendments pending now. No other
amendment is in order at this time.
Mr. HOWARD. By the indulgence of the
Senator from Missouii, 1 wish to have my
amendment read at the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information, no objection being made.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to insert as an additional sec-
tion the following:
And whereas the people of South Carolina, in pur-
suance of the act entitled "An act for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States,"passed March
2, 1807, and the acts supplementary thereto, did, by a
convention held at Charleston, in the montiisof Jan-
uary, February, and March, 18(18, traino a constitu-
tion for said State, which constitution was duly rat-
ified by the votes of a majority ol the qualified elect-
ors of said State, at an election held in the month of
April, A. D. 18(53, lor such ratification, more than one
half of ail the registered voters of said Slate having
voted upon the question of the said ratification; and
whereas the people of said State have duly elected a
Legislature under their said constitution, which has
not yet assembled, to act upon tlio question of the
adoption or ratification of the amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, pioposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Consross, known as article fourteen;
and whereas said State constitution is republican in
form, and in all respects in conformity with the Con-
stitution of the United States, and with said act of
Congress passed March 2,18G7, and meets the appioval
of a majority ot all the qualified votersof said State,
and is approved by Congress: Therefore,
^ it Jurthcr cnactcit, That the Legislature of said
State so elected be, and they are hereby, authorized
to assemble under said constitution whenever the
Covernor-eleef under the same shall see fit to call
them together by pioclamatiun, any when so assem-
bled said Legislature may proceed to acf, upon the
question of the ratification ol said amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. In ease said Le-
gislatuie shall ratify said ameudmen t the Governor-
elect of said State shall cause certificates of such
ratification, under the seal of the Slate, to be for-
warded, une to the Pjesideiil of the United Ststes,
one to the President ot the Senate, and one to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, to belaid
before each House of Congress; and thereupon said
State ol South Carolina shall be entitled to repre-
sentation, and Senators and Representatives chosen
under said State constitution shall be admitted tliei e-
liom.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely wish to say, with
the indulgence of the Senator from Missouri,
that I offer that as an amendment, to come in
as section two of the bill, a separate and inde-
pendent section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask to have it printed?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be entered. The Senator from i
Missouri is entitled to the floor. I
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I desire to |
modify the amendment that is now pending '
offered by myself and put it in the shape that I
I now send it to the Chair. j
ThePRBSIDENT protempore. The amend-
ment, as modified by the mover, will be re-
ported.
The Chief Cleric. The amendment, asmod-
ified, is to strike out all of the bill after the
word "condition" in the fifth line, and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That there shall never be in said State any denial
or abridgment of the elective franchise, or of any
other right, to any person by reason or on account
of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed; and
that any such denial or abridgment shall authorize
the exclusion, while it continues, of said State from
representation in either House of Congress.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, it will be
noj/ced that 1 have so far modified my amend-
nt as to present, in its present form, the
sTlhple point of choice between the fundamental
condition emlDodied in it and that in the original
bill. The sense of the Senate in this particular
can thus be better tested than if other provis-
ions were connected with this.
Reflection has convinced me that it is im-
proper and unwise, to say the least, for Con-
gress to attempt to compel Arkansas to retain
in her fundamental law, unchangeable for all
time to come, the exact qualification of voters
now embodied in her constitution. ThatState,
like every other, should be allowed to change
those qualifications, with the single exception
that it should never have power to deprive any
man of civil and political rights because of the
color of his skin. To strip her of that right
in all future time is the object of the funda-
mental condition expressed in this amendment.
And the fulfillment of this condition is sought
to be guaranteed by declaring that its violation
'•shall authorize the exclusion, while it con-
tinues, of said State from representation in -
either House of Congress." It will thus be
seen that my purpose is, if such a thing be
practicable—as I believe it is—to bind this late
rebel State to respect the rights of American
citizens in the whole long future, though their
skins be black. I intend, if possible, to destroy
the infamy of caste in that State forever, and
at the same time leave her people otherwise
free, as those of all the loyal States are, to
regulate suffrage in every other respect at their
will.
It cannot be denied that this is a matter
which brings into view some of the great prin-
ciples which underlie our whole system of
government. When it is proposed thus to bind
a State the act must rest upon sound princi-
ples or it cannot be upheld. I have no dif-
ficulty in finding a principle which rightfully
sustains the attempt. It is that which gives to
every sovereign the right to say who shall take
part in it3 government, and upon what terms
any person or body of persons shall be per-
mitted to take such part. That right inheres
in the sovereignty of this nation as much as in
the sovereign of any other Government, and
it is written down, too, in its Constitution.
The question, then, is whether the nation has
the power to declare and enforce the conditions
on which it will permit a part of its people,
organized as a State, to share in the govern-
ment of the whole. It is the old question
between nationality and State rights, and I
meet it on the side of nationality.
Mr. President, if any one could be justified
in believing any matter in the relations of the
nation to the several States to have been settled
by continued practice, it is that the Geneial
Government has a right to prescribe condi-
tions to the admission of a State into the U nion.
When that right is disputed at this late day one
may well be surprised. With all respect tor
those who dispute it, 1 am constrained to sav
that in my judgment they have not only not.
got upon the right track of thought on tins sub-
ject, but have got upon the wrong track. Still
it may be that 1 have taken the wrong one. I
am prepared, however, to state the grounds of
my judgment upon this important question,
and leave the Senate to determine their value.
It will be observed that the first clause of
this condition is, in substance and almost in
words, that which was imposed upon the ad-
mission of Nebraska less ihau eighteen months
