1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3761
improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river, which passed the Senate July 3,
wall uu amendment.
It, also announced that the Senate had passed
without amendment bilis of the House of the
following mles:
A bill (H. It. No. 445) for the relief of
Timothy t.j den, of Parkersburg, WestVirginia;
A bill (ii. it. No. 10(1:)) for the relief of
Chailes B. l'atitier, late iirst lieutenant sixty-
ninth Pennsylvania volunteers; and
A bill (11. II. No. 1325) for the relief of
Benjamin B. French, late Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
it aUo announced that the Senate had passed
bills ol the House of the following titles, with
amendments, in winch tlie concuireuce of the
House was lequested:
A bill (tl. it No. IUuS) to provide for cer-
tain claims against itie Department of Agri-
culture ; and
A bill (11. It. No. 8G9) prescribing an oath
ol olliee to be taken by persons Irom wliotn
legal disabilities shall have been removed.
it also announced that the Senate had passed
bills ol the loliovving titles, in which the con-
cunence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 102) providing for the forma-
tion of coiporattons, and regulating the same
in the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 355) authorizing the construc-
tion ol a bridge across the Missouri river, upon
the military reservation at hurt Leavenworth,
Kansas ;
A bill (S. No. 550) for the relief of Robert
Foi d:
A bill (S. No. 491) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a recorder of deeds m the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 535) to reward the services of
Maltliew Low, ot Nassau, New Providence ;
A bill (a. No. 555) authorizing the allow-
ance of tile claim of the State of Minnesota to
lauds for the supportof a State university; and
A bid (S. No. 230) in addition to the act
entitled '"An act to incorporate the Washing-
ton, Alexandria, and Georgetown Steam-Packet
Company.
it also announced that a message had been
received lrom the President ot the United
Slates, that he had, ou the 25th of June, 1808,
approved and signed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 420) tor the relief of Thomas
Crossley;
An act (S. No. 184) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ann Corcoran;
An act (S. No. 450) relative to filing reports
of railroad companies ;
An act (S. No. 425) granting a pension to
Geoige Bennett;
An act (S. No. 280) granting a pension to
Michael Hennessy, of Platte county, Missouri;
An act (S. No. 104) to provide tor appeals
from iho Court of Claims, and lor other pur-
poses ;
An act (S. No'. 377) to change the times of
holding the district and circuit courts of the
United fctates in the several districts in the
State of Tennessee ;
An act (S. No. 210) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Central Pacilic railroad in California, to
Portland, in Oregon ; and
A joint resolution (S. E. No. 134) author-
izing a change of mail service between Fort
Abei'cronibic and Helena.
The message also announced that the bill
(S. No. 534j relating to contested elections in
the city oi Washington, Distict of Columbia,
having been presented to the President of the
United States on the 10th of June, 1808, and
not having been approved by him or ieturned
to the Senate, in which it originated, within
ten days, (Sundays excepted.) had become a
law under the Constitution ol the United
States.
amendment to tub constitution.
The SPEAKER laid before the Housea let-
tor from the Governor of North Carolina, m-
40tii Cong. 2t> Skss.—No. 236.
closingthe ratification by the State Legislature
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States: which was referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction, and or-
dered to be printed.
university of wisconsin.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a memorial of the board of regents of the Uni-
versity of Wisconsin, in relation to the official
position of the military officer detailed for
military instruction at said university ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
credentials of north carolina members.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I have here the credentials of live of
the members-elect from the State of North
Carolina, to wit: John R. French, of the first
district: Oliver II. Dockey, of the third ; John
T. Deweese. of the fourth; Nathaniel Boyden,
of the sixth ; and Alexander II. Jones, of the
seventh. I send them to the Clerk's desk, and
move that they be referred to the Committee
of Elections.
The credentials were accordingly referred to
the Committee of Elections.
grant of land to minnesota.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have asked
for the return of the Senate amendments to
House bill No. 554, making a grant of laud to
the State of Minnesota to aid in the improve-
ment, of the navigation of the Mississippi river.
No objection being made, the amendments
were returned to the Senate.
removal of legal disabilities.
Mr. DAWES. 1 aslc unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table a bill which has
just come from the Senate (H. R. No. 8G9) to
prescribe an oath of office to be taken by per-
sons from whom legal disabilities shall have
been removed, for the purpose of moving to
concur in the amendments of the Senate with
an amendment.
No objection being made, the amendments of
the Senate were taken up for consideration and
were reported as follows:
In line three strike out "has" and insert " have,"
In lino beven, after the word " thereon," insert the
woids "instead of the oath presciibed by the act of
July 2,18G2."
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendments with an amendment
striking out the words " and no other," because
there are general officers to whom a prescribed
oath is necessary after all.
The amendments of the Senate, as amended,
were concurred in.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
treaty with the choc'j'aws.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back a bill (II. R. No.
1195) to carry into effect certain treaty stipu-
lations with the Choctaw nation or tribe of
Indians ; which was ordered to be printed with
the accompanying report, and recommitted to
the committee.
resumption of specie payments.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Banking and Currency, re-
ported a bill (II. R. No. 13G4) to provide for
a gradual resumption of specie payments;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that the bill be printed,
postponed, and made the f-pecial order for the
second Tuesday in December next.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, objected,
but subsequently withdrew his objection ; and
the bill was ordered to be printed, postponed,
and made the special order for the second
Tuesday in December next.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was postponed and made the
special order; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anthony bucher.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
how commenced, and the Commit tee of Claims,
accordiug to the order of the House, is enti-
tled to this morning hour.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. R. No. 1320) for the relief of
Anthony Bucher, reported from the Commit-
tee of Claims by Mr. Haudixc, and pending
at the expiration of the last morning hour.
The bill was read. It*authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to investigate, and if, in
his opinion, it shall appear proper, issue to
Anthony Bucher a Treasury note for fitty dol-
lars, to supply such a note as shall appear to
have been destroyed by fire, and belonging to
him, in the summer of 1807.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being put 011 the passage of the
bill, there were—ayes 36, noes 16; 110 quo-
rum voting.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, there are not more than one or two
gentlemen, I apprehend, who will vote against
this bill it' they understand it. In this case
the fact that the remains of the bills were iden-
tified is notdisputed. Butin transporting them
to Washington the remains of the fil'ty-dollar
hill became so much broken up that when they
got to the Department the officers there could
identify the three live dollar bills, so that
they issued three to take the places of those
destroyed, but could only identify parts of the
fifty-dollar bill, and not enough to authorize
them to issue a now bill 111 place of it. The
committee examined all the evidence in the
case. The bill belonged to the wife of a poor
soldier, and had been sent home by him
while in the service. The evidence shows that
the bill was identified by witnesses after the
fire, but in transportation it got so broken up
that the Department did not see fit to issue a
new bill. Under the circumstances we report
that fifty dollars be allowed in this case. In
no case has the committee reported favorably
on such a claim where they had not evidence
that the bill destroyed had been identified.
Under these circumstances no person can ob-
ject to allowing relief.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vole by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ii. d. m'kinney.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do not pass, the
bill (S. No. 470) fortherelief of H. D. McKin-
ney; and the same was laid 011 the table.
adveiisi5 reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely 011 the
petition of Mary E. Low; and the same was
laid on the table.
Mr. MERCUR, from the same committee,
reported adversely 011 the petitions of R. E.
Fennell, of Frankfort, Kentucky, and T. W.
Campbell; arid the same were laid on the tabic.
mark howard.
Mr. MERCUR, from the same committee,
reported back with an amendment, in the nature
of a substitute the bill (II. R. No. 89) author-
izing the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
to settle and adjust the accounts of Mark
Howard, as collector of internal revenue, first
district of Connecticut.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That the Commissioner of Internal Kevenae be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to adjust and
settle tho accounts of Mark Howard as collector 01
the first revenue district of Connecticut, in eoniorul-
ity with the revenue laws in force at the tide he was
collector of said district.
The substitute was agreed to.
