1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1713
mam of productiveness? And my answer
is, the policy of resisting, by all practicable
methods, the monopoly of the soil, while sys-
tematically aiming at the multiplication of
small homesteads, which shall be tilled by their
proprietors. On this subject, Mr. Speaker, we
are not left in the dark. I shall not now dwell
upon the negative side of the argument. I
shall not stop to poitray the evils of land mo-
nopoly, which, in the words of a celebrated
French writer, " has gnawed social order from
the beginning of the world." The subject is
an inviting one, but I propose here only to
consider the profitableness of small landed
proprietorships in the light of known facts. I
believe political economists are agreed that the
true interest of agriculture is to widen the field
of its operations as far as practicable, and then,
by a judicious tillage, to make it yield the very
largest resources compatible with the popula-
tion of the country. Experience has abun-
dantly shown that the system of small proprie-
torships can best secure these results, while it
brings with it great moral and social advan-
tages which are unknown in countries that are
cursed by overgrown estates. I regret that any
argument or elucidation of this point should
be deemed necessary in a Government which
recognizes equal rights and equal laws as the
basis of its policy; but the manifest tendency,
in multiplied forms, toward land monopoly in
our country, and especially in the West and
South, must excuse some little particularity
of statement.
One of the highest authoi ities on this subject
is Mr. Kay's book on "The Social Condition
and Education of the People in England and
Europe." He speaks from personal observa-
tion aud travel in many countries in different
parts of the continent, and declares that "the
peasant farming of Prussia, Saxony, Holland,
and Switzerland is the most perfect and eco-
nomical farming I have ever witnessed in any
country." lie quotes with favor the decided
opinioif of another writer, that " not only are
the gross products of any given number of
acres held and cultivated by small proprietors
greater than the gross products of an equal
number of acres held by a few great proprie-
tors, and cultivated by tenant farmers, but that
the net products of the former, after deducting
all the expenses of cultivation, are also greater
than the net products of the latter." Mr.
Laing, another writer of authority, in his
" Notes of a Traveler" says: " We see, and
there is no blinking the fact, better crops on the
ground in Flandeis, East Frtesland, Hulsteiu,
in short, on the whole line of the arable land
of equal quality on the Continent, from the
Sound to Calais, than we see on the line of
British coast opposite to this line, and in the
same latitudes, from the Frith of Forth all
round to Dover." And ho adds that " minute
labor on small portions of arable ground gives
evidently, in equal soils and climate, a supe-
rior productiveness, when these small portions
belong to the farmer." Mr. Kay says that
"In Saxony it is a notorious fact that, during
the last thirty years, and since the peasants
became the proprietors of the land, there has
been a rapid and continual improvement in
the condition of the houses, in the manner of
living, in the dress of the peasants, and particu-
larly in the culture of the land." He observes
that "The peasants endeavor to outstrip one
another in the quantity and quality of the pro-
duce, in the preparation of the ground, and in
the general preparation of their respective por-
tions. All the little proprietors are eager to
find out how to farm so as to produce the
greatest results ; they diligently seek after im-
provements; they send their children to the
agricultural schools in order to fit them to
assist their fathers; and each proprietor soon
adopts a new improvement introduced by any
of his neighbors."
Sismondi, in his " Studies in Political Econ-
omy," says: ".It is from Switzerland we learn
that agriculture, practiced by the very persons
who enjoy its fruits, suffices to procure great
40th CoNtt. 2d Sess.—No. 108.
comfort for a very numerous population ; a
great independence of character, arising from
independence of position ; a great commerce
of consumption, the result of the easy circum-
stances of all the inhabitants, even in a coun-
try whose climate is rude, whose soil is but
moderately fertile, and where late frosts and
inconstancy of seasons often blight the hopes
of the cultivator." Speaking of small land-
holders generally, he says: " Wherever we find
peasant proprietors we also find the comfort,
security, confidence in the future, and inde-
pendence which assure at once happiness and
virtue. The peasant who, with his children,
does all the work of his little inheritance, who
pays no rent to any one above him nor wages
to any one below ; who regulates his produc-
tion by his consumption; who eats his own
corn, drinks his own wine, is clothed in his
own hemp and wool ; cares little for the prices
of the market; for he lias little to sell aud lit-
tle to buy, and is never ruined by revulsions of
trade." And he insists that " the peasantpro-
prietor is of all cultivators the one who gets
most from the soil, for he is the one who thinks
most of the future, and who has been most
instructed by experience. He is also the one
who employs the human powers to the most
advantage, because, dividing his occupations
among all the members of his family, he re-
serves some for ever day of the year, so that
nobody is ever out of work."
Mr. Howitt, in his " liural and Domestic
Life of Germany," says: "The peasants are
not, as with us, for the most part, totally cut
off from property in the soil they cultivate,
totally dependent on the labor afforded by
others—they are themselves the proprietors.
It is, perhaps, from this cause that they are
probably the most industrious peasantry in the
world. They labor busily, early and late, be-
cause they feel that they are laboring for them-
selves. Every man has his house, his orchard,
his road-side trees, commonly so heavy with
fruit that he is obliged to prop and secure
them always, or they would be torn to pieces.
He has his corn-plat, liis plat for mangel-
wurzel, for hemp, and so 011. He is his own
master; and lie, and every member of his
family, have the strongest, motives to labor."
He contrasts him with the English peasant,
who " is so cut oil' Irom the idea of property
that he comes habitually to look upon it as a
thing from which he is warned by the laws of
the large proprietors, and becomes, in conse-
quence, spiritless, purposeless. The German
bauer, on the contrary, looks on the country
as made for liiui and bis f :llow-men. He feels
himself a man ; he has a .stake in the country
as good as that of the bulk of his neighbors ;
110 man can threaten him with ejection or the
work-house so long as he is active and econom-
ical. He walks, therefore, with a bold step;
he looks you in the face with the air of a free
man, but of a respectful one."
Small farming in France forms 110 exception
to these strong testimonies. Arthur Young,
in his "Travels in France," says: "An activ-
ity has been here that has swept away all diffi-
culties before it, and lias clothed the very rocks
with verdure. It would be a disgrace to com-
mon sense to ask the cause ; the enjoyment of
property must have done it. Give a man the
suie possession of a bleak rock, and he will
turn it into a garden ; give him a nine years'
lease of a garden, and he will convert it into
a desert." Speaking of the country at the
foot of the Western Pyrenees, he says : " It is
all in the hands of little proprietors, without
the farms being so small as to occasion a vi-
cious and niiseiable population. a11 air of
neatness, warmth, and comfort, breathes over
the whole. It is visible in their new-built
houses and stables; in their gardens; in their
hedges ; in the courts befoie their doors ; even
in the coops for their poultry and the sties for
their hogs."
Put L need not further multiply authorities
in support of my position; nor shall I attempt
to demonstrate what is quite apparent from
the quotations I have made, that the policy of
small homesteads, on which the man who holds
the plow is the owner of the soil, is favorable
to the highest degree of industry aud thrift;
that it becomes the instrument of popular edu-
cation, through the self dependence of the
cultivator, whose mental faculties are thus nat-
urally stimulated and developed by the cares
and responsibilities brought to his door; and
that it favors, also, the moral virtues of pru-
dence, temperance, aud self-control. All this
is asserted by our ablest political economists.
Neither shall I dwell here upon the fact, that
it supplies the strongest bond of union between
the citizen and the State, and is absolutely
necessary in a well-ordered Commonwealth.
Putting all this aside, and coming back to
my two cardinal principles—the duty of the
Government in behalf of the people to make
its lands as productive as possible, and the
necessity of accomplishing this end by small
holdings, tilled by their proprietors—I pro-
ceed to notice the startling commentary upon
these principles which has been furnished by
the Government of the United States.
The Commissionerof the General Land Office
estimates that from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment to the present time more than thirty
millions of acres of the aggregate amount of
public lands sold have not been reduced to occu-
pancy as farms. This would have made one
hundred aud eighty-seven thousand five hun-
dred homesteads of one hundred and sixty acres
each, and .should have been disposed of by the
Government to actual settlers only, as fast as it
was needed, instead of being handed over to
speculators aud locked up from tillage and pro-
ductive wealth. J ust to the extent that this has
been done the Government, lias been the plun-
derer of the people. It has gone into partner-
ship with the speculator in cheating the pioneer
and the producer, while robbing the national
Treasury. During the last fiscal year nearly
two millions of acres of homestead entries have
■been made, of which over two hundred aud
sixty-four thousand acres have been entered in
the southern land States under the act of Juno
21,18(iG. The total area of the public domain ab-
sorbed under the homestead laws up to the 30th
of June last exceeds seven millions of acres,
represented by over fifty-nine thousand farms.
This policy creates national wealth, and gives
homes to the laboring poor. It most right-
eously fosters the pursuit which Vattel declares
to be "the natural employment of man" and
which "feeds the human race." Every new
farm that is snatched from the wilderness adds
to the wealth of the nation, while the monop-
oly of millions of acres which are withheld
from cultivation isa positive public curse, ltig
computed thatin theyear 1835 alone about eight
millions of acres of the public domain passed
into the hands of speculators. The money
thus invested was withdrawn from praiseworthy
enterprises and the ordinary uses of commerce
and sunk in the fruits of the West, which
were allowed to yield no return. Great stretches
of these wild lands thus intervened between
settlements which were afterward formed, since
the poor pioneer could not pay the price at
which they were held, and was lorced still fur-
ther into the wilderness, where he was com-
pelled, by his toils and privations, to add to the
wealth of these remorseless monopolists
This system of legalized landlordism in these
States, this practical inauguration among us of
the feudalism of the Old World, is the very
climax of legislative madness. It cheats the
poor settler, aud by dooming vast tracts ot fer-
tile lands to barrenness becomes a fatal liinder-
anee to agricultural wealth, and to commerce
and manufactures, which draw their life from
the soil. Instead of flourishing towns and
villages, small homesteads, and an independ-
ent yeomanry, with the attendant blessings of
churches and free schools, it consigns the
fertile plains of the West to the tender mercies
of the monopolist, whose greed alone is his
law. Instead of opening our vacant lands to
the stream of emigration which would pour in
