2733
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
June 1,
this talk about the equality of the States which
proceeds, doubtless, from the language of the
acts admitting new States, declaring that a
State is admitted into the Union " on an equal
footing with the original States." Does that
import that the new State is equal to any other
State ? By no means ; but that it is admitted
to take part iu the Government of the Union
on an equal footing with the others ; possessing
its relative share of power, subject to its rela-
tive quantum of burdens, and enjoying alike
with the others the rights, immunities, and
privileges secured by the Constitution to the
States respectively, as participants in that Gov-
ernment. It therefore follows that.when a State
is admitted with her two Senators she is the
exact coequal ®f every other State in this body;
and if she have the number of .Representatives
which her population entitles her to, she is,
relatively, as nearly as practicable, the coequal
of every other Stat,em the House of Represent-
atives ; and, therefore, for all purposes of par-
ticipation in the governmental Union, is on
an equal footing with the original States; and
this is the whole scope of the vaunted equality
of States. Internally they may be, as we all
know they are, totally unequal in every material,
moral, and political respect, but in their rela-
tions to the Government of the Union they are
as nearly on an equal footing as they cau well
be put.
Sir, in requiring Arkansas never to deny or
abridge the elective franchise to any person on
account of his color do we deprive her of that
equal footing? Do we thereby take away her
equal participation in the Government of the
Union? Not in the least degree. If not, we
violate no part of the Constitution in exacting
from her this guarantee of the rights of citi-
zens of the United States, whose rights we are
bound by honor and justice to protect and
defend.
Mr. President, there is one feature of the
debate on this bill which seems to me to deserve
a place in some book which may some day be
compiled from that exhaustless repertory of
curious things, the Congressional Globe, and
given to the world under the title of Curiosities
of Congress. ' The honorable chairman of the
Judiciary Committee [Mr. Trumbull] reports
this bill to the Senate, and recommends its
passage, with a fundamental condition far more
stringent and objectionable than that contained
iu my amendment, and then stands in his place
here and emphatically proclaims that funda-
mental condition to be of no force or value.
Sir, I do not understand this. 1 do not com-
prehend why that committee should recom-
mend the Senate to engage in the mighty work
of firing a big blank cartridge at Arkansas,
merely to see it go off ia smoke. I was credu-
lous enough to believe that one of the main
functions of that committee was to see that
oiir legislative guns were well shotted, so as to
hit something when they went off. I should
very much regret to believe that they had taken
to the business of making smooth-bore pop-
guns for the Senate and the country. I do not
m this instance believe it, though the honor-
able chairman, in effect, says so. Sir, in the
short time of my service here, I have noticed
no more marked peculiarity in that gentle-
man's character as a legislator than the keen-
ness of his vision in discovering that the amend-
ments proposed by others to bills in his charge
are '|of no use.'' In this instance, however,
his vision is not exactly in its normal con-
dition. He sees double, or, rather, two ways.
He scans the fundamental condition inthe bill,
and pronounces it of no use, valueless, a mere
pop-gun, and yet urges its adoption by this
body of " most potent, grave, and reverend
seigniors," as.if we had no better occupation
for the precious time, of which all the world
knows we waste so little, than to exercise
ourselves in getting up that kind of juvenile
ordnance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri certainly does not mean to do me injustice
m regard to the matter. 1 stated thatl reported
the House bill under instructions from the
committee; that in reference to the funda-
mental condition, I myself was opposed to it,
though I thought it had no such binding efficacy
as to compel me to vote against the bill. I
voted to strike out that condition on the yeas
and nays, stating at the same time, however,
that if the Senate retained it I should not feel
compelled to vote against the bill although it
was iu. It never met my approbation.
Mr. DRAKE. I certainly do not intend,
Mr. President, to do any injustice to the honor-
able chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I
did not before know that his position was as he
has now stated it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I voted against it in
committee.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that the objec-
tion of the honorable chairman is to the con-
dition contained in the original bill. If lie
will oblige me so much as to answer an inquiry
I would make of him here I would state it
thus: is he opposed equally to the condition
embodied in this amendment of mine? Does
he regard that in the same light of uselessness
and inefficiency that he regards the condition
in the original bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The condition which
the Senator from Missouri introduces is not so
objectionable as the condition imposed by the
House, in my judgment; it does not go quite
so far, though I think its legal efficacy is
obnoxious to the same objection as the condi-
tion of the House.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I think I am
not mistaken in saying that the Journal of the
Senate for the second session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress shows that the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois voted to pass the Nebraska
bill over the President's veto. I do not com-
prehend this thing of voting to pass a bill over
the President's veto which contains a provis-
ion that is a mere brutern fulmen. I took this
condition as I have embodied it in this amend-
ment from the very bill that the gentleman
aided by his vote to pass over that veto. I did
not regard that condition, nor do I now regard
it, as being a mere empty concatenation of
words.
Sir, in this matter I do not think we are
handling a pop-gun. I believe that there is
force, efficacy, power, in a fundamental condi-
tion imposed by Congress upon the admission
of a State. I know that the General Govern-
ment may lawfully make a compact with a
State government which shall bind both. I
know that there is no express constitutional
limit to the power of both governments in that
respect. 1 know that the Government is by
the Constitution authorized to supervise, to a
certain extent, the creation of State govern-
ments, and has always, upon the admission of
a State, exercised that power. I know that
if Congress should make it a oondition of the
admission of Arkansas that she should have
but one Senator here, or none at all, and
Arkansas should agree to that condition, the
compact would be valid by the express terms
of the Constitution, and as long as it stood
Arkansas could have but one Senator here, or
none, according as she might agree.
One or two of the Senators near me say that
I cannot maintain that point. Very well, sir; let
us see. I think I can make some show towards
it anyhow, if I cannot absolutely maintain it.
In the fifth article of the Constitution it is pro-
vided that—
"No State, without its consent, shall be deprived
of its equal suffrage in the Senate."
If that is not a negative pregnant to the
effect that it may deprive itselt by its own con-
sent of its representation in the Senate, then I
do not know what a negative pregnant is.
Mr. Henderson, who was sitting next to
Mr. Drake, made a remark to him in a low
tone of voice.
Mr. DRAKE. If my colleague will only be
so good as to state his remarks so that the
reporter will catch them and I can answer them
in direct connection I will do so. He sug-
gests to me that a State may not send any Sen-
ators here at all. That does not touch the case.
She may be deprived of her equal represent®*
tion in the Senate by her own agreement, by
her own consent; and, in myopmion, the Con-
stitution says so plainly.
Now, sir, all the things thatl have just stated
I know, or, at least, believe 1 do, and know-
ing them I deny the proposition that we cannot
bind Arkansas by compact in this matter. That
proposition cannot be maintained unless you
can show that either this Government or hers
is unable to contract and be contracted with.
But it is said that if we make the compact,
impose the fundamental condition, we cannot
enforce it; that if Arkansas chooses to violate
it we have no remedy. I deny this, too. As
an estate upon condition ceases upon a breach
of the condition, so an admission of a State
to representation in Congress upon condition
would cease upon a violation of that condition,
and her Senators and Representatives might
be excluded from these Halls, and ought to be.
Whether they would be is another thing, with
which we have nothing to do. When we enact
laws imposing penalties for crimes we do not
know that the penalties will be enforced, but
we know they ought to be, and we assume that
they will be. We ought to assume as much
in this case, and not hold back from proper
legislation because we doubt its certain enforce-
ment. But even if a violation of the condition
should never be enforced in the Halls of Con-
gress, it may serve a great and valuable pur-
pose as a foundation for an appeal to the courts
by those for whose protection it is designed, if
their rights should be invaded.
But suppose it highly probable that the con-
dition would be practically of little or no
value, is that a valid reason why we should not
do all we can to plant barriers against the
future robbery of the civil and political rights
of the colored citizens there ? That the white
rebels of the South will, from the hour that the
strong arm of the Government ceases to re-
strain them, bend all their energies to the dis-
franchisement of the loyal negro ; that they
will plot and counterplot, and scheme, and
strive, yea, agonize for his practical reenslave-
ment; that they will in this ferocious crusade
against the rights of man defy alike the laws
of God and man to the uttermost extent they
dare, no man can doubt who knows them.
Have you not seen enough of their tyranny,
treachery, duplicity, and ungodly lust for
dominion in the last seven years—yea, in the
last foity—to put you on your guard? Will
you willfully shut your eyes to all this ? Will
you deliberately leave all power in hands which
all past experience proves will abuse it for the
most inhuman purposes and ends? Will you
leave your country's friends in the remorseless
grip of your country's enemies? What if you
cannot plant barriers which you know will
certainly stand firm against all the surges that
may beat upon them, is that any reason why
you should plant none?
But, sir, again I deny the imputed impotence
of the barrier which this amendment proposes,
unless you first establish the fact that all com-
pacts between the Government of the Union
and that of an individual State are impotent-
No such doctrine as that has ever been authori-
tatively sustained in this country, nor do I
believe any such will ever be. But whether so
or not, I demand that on behalf of the colored
race in the South we reject it here and now,
and leave the future to sanction and protect
our work. That it will do so I have not a
doubt.
_ Mr. President, there is one other coHsidera-
tion which it seems to me should be takes into
account in our action on this bill. In whatever
shape we frame it with a fundamental condition
designed to protect the civil and political rights
of the colored people of Arkansas, wc inay
safely assume that it will be met with a veto.
He who vetoed the bill to admit Nebraska into
the Union because it contained a fundamental
condition precisely similar in substance to that
embodied in my amendment will be quite sure
to do likewise with the bill for the admission
of Arkansas, whether it contain that condition
