214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Lynch.
40th Cons....2d Sess.
formation of our Government, its founders
provided for three grand departments through
which its powers should be exercised, the legis-
lative, the executive, and the judicial. The
legislative branch of the Government repre-
sents the people. It is the medium through
which the will of the people finds expression
in the form of law. The executive and judi-
cial departments execute and administer its
will. "It possesses the comprehensive power
"to provide for the common defense and the
general welfare of the United States." In
providing for an executive officer, to'be called
President, whose term of office was fixed at
four years, the people prudently reserved to
themselves the right to remove that officer by
impeachment, when, in their judgment,, he be-
came guilty of high crimes or misdemeanors.
They did not define in the Constitution the
official misdemeanors for which the exercise
of this power should be evoked, but wisely
reserved the right to judge for themselves in
each case that might arise. To this House is
delegated the sole power to impeach and'to
the Senate the sole power to try impeach-
ments; and from this high tribunal there fies
no appeal. Impeachment is not the infliction
of a punishment, as its effects extend only to
removal from office. Its object is to secure
the faithful administration of office, and there-
by to preserve the Constitution and the liberties
of the people. Ms holding office is not a right,
but a privilege conferred by the people, the
lawful deposition from office by the people
through their Representatives is not the depri-
vation or violation of any personal right what-
soever. It is simply the assertion of the right to
unmake by the power that made; the demand-
ing by-the master of the unfaithful steward
the talents he has misused. As the people can-
not act directly upon great public questions but
only through their chosen Representatives, and
as they cannot reach any executive or judicial
officer during his official term except through
this representative agency it becomes us to be
vigilant and watchful of the great interests com-
mitted to our charge, and to see to it that no
officer, however high, chosen to execute the
people's will, as expressed through their Rep-
resentatives, shall, in the fancied security of
his official tenure, betray the high trusts com-
mitted to his charge. Congress, as the agent
of the people, has all the right of its principal,
with all the duties of an agent.
It is the exercise of this high prerog'ative
and the discharge of this sacred duty that Con-
gress, as the agent of the people of the United
States, is now called upon to assume and ful-
fill. Entertaining these views as to the power
and duty of Congress, and believing that An-
drew Johns.cn has, during the past two years,
disgraced the high office whose duties he has
been called to discharge; that he has used his
position for his own ambitious purposes and
to the detriment of the best interests of the
country, I have, during that time, entertained
no shadow of doubt, Either as to the constitu-
tional right of Congress to impeach him. or as
to the expediency of its exercising that right.
And, sir, when in December last I gave my
vote in this House for his impeachment I did
so only regretting that an earlier opportunity
had not been afforded me, and that the requisite
majority was wanting to make that vote effect-
ive. It is not strange that in 1860 and 1861
Congress should have sat here discussing legal
quibbles until waked from their lethargy by an
actual conflict of arms. The threats of a great
party, just then defeated in a political contest,
to resist the authority of an Administratio'n
which they declared to be sectional and uncon-
stitutional, were very naturally regarded as
idle vaporings, unworthy of serious considera-
tion.
But, sir, after the terrible experience through
which we have passed since that time, and
knowing as we now do the desperate character
of the adversary with which we have to con-
tend, and knowing as we do that Andrew
Johnson is as much the agent of the rebellion
as was Jefferson Davis, it is strange that we
have so nearly repeated the folly of those days.
Sir, what has Andrew Johnson done? What acts
has he committed? What constitutional duties
has he neglected, which render him liable to
and deserving of impeachment independent
of this last act of open violation of law for
which he is now arraigned? He has usurped
the prerogatives of Congress in assuming to
set up governments in the rebel States; per-
sisting in his usurpations after the assembling
of Congress, and insolently informing us in his
first annual message that he had completed the
work of reorganization, and that we had noth-
ing to do but to accept it and to judge of the
election and qualification of- such members as
his States might send to us.
Sir, whatever excuse might have been offered
for the Executive's taking the preliminary
steps in this work of reorganization, his sub-
sequent course in using all the power and
patronage of the Government to sustain his
usurpations and to force his reconstruction
policy tipon the country in opposition to Con-
gress, which alone had jurisdiction of the mat-
ter, admits of no palliation or defense. This
action of the President has been denounced
as a high-handed usurpation by all the leading
republicans in Congress and in the country,
and has been condemned by overwhelming
majorities in nearly every loyal State in the
elections by which the Representatives of this
Congress were chosen. And yet the great
usurper has been allowed to go on, using every
means in his power to sustain his usurpations
and defeat the action of Congress and the will
of the people as therein expressed. In at-
tempting to carry out his policy he has stirred
up the worst passions of the people and kept
the country in an excited and unsettled con-
dition, to the injury of all its great material
interests. Two years ago, on the 22d day of
February—a day hallowed in our calendar—
he harangued a mob within sight of this Cap-
itol, and endeavored, by the most violent and
incendiary appeals to its worst passions, to in-
cite it to violence against Congress, then in
session. He has repeatedly denounced Con-
gress as an illegal and unconstitutional body,
whose acts were of no binding force, thus
using the influence of his high position to
bring the law-making power of the country
and the laws which it passes and which be is
sworn to execute into contempt.
He has disgraced his high office and humil-
iated the nation before the world by traveling
through the country making low and indecent
political harangues. He has thwarted every
measure passed by Congress for reorganizing
the southern States, encouraging the people in
those States to continue their hostility to the
Government, and thus prevented a restoration
of the Union. By misconstruing laws and
evading their execution according to their true
intent and meaning he has compelled Con-
gress to prolong its sittings and to hold extra
sessions at great inconvenience and expense,
in order to prevent or repair mischief caused by
his obstinate lawlessness. The difficulties in
the way of reconstruction from the assembling
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, in December,
1865, to the present time, have not arisen from
any defects in the laws passed for that purpose,
but from the fact that those laws have been
perverted and their execution obstructed by a
faithless Executive. Thevariousamendments
which we have from time to time been called
upon to make to the reconstruction acts have
been necessitated by the hostility of the Presi-
dent to those laws. When I say that Andrew
Johnson has for the last two years used his
official influence and official patronage to pre-
vent the execution of the laws passed by Con-
gress for the reorganization of the southern
States, I only state that which is a matter of
public notoriety, and what the President him-
self has in substance publicly proclaimed a
hundred times.
Notwithstanding all these high official mis-
demeanors, any one of which should have
sufficed for the impeachment of this man, so
reluctant has Congress been to use this extreme
constitutional power for the removal of an
unfaithful and dangerous Executive that I
doubt not, had the President violated this
tenure-of-office act in a less defiant manner,
(as he has often heretofore violated other laws,)
we should have taken no notice of his offense,
but have allowed him to continue in his course
until he had bound us hand and foot. Fortu-
nately for the country this last violation of law
by the President has been so open and so defi-
ant as to challenge congressional action. His
recklessness rather than our courage has saved
the nation. Fortunately, too, t lis last act of
lawless usurpation has united as one man the
great party which carried the country triumph-
antly through the war and thus far saved it
t from destruction in a determination to hurl
j from power this officer who brings disgrace
| upon our Government, disturbs the public
peace, and imperils the institutions of the coun-
! try. Equally fortunate is it that the Demo-
I cratic party, which inaugurated the rebellion,
! sustained and encouraged it during its progress,
j and now strives to fan into a flame its smol-
! dering embers, has arrayed itself with unbroken
ranks in support of the President in this last
I attempt to subvert the Government.
It is fit, proper, and consistentthat the party
! which attempted, under the leadership of Jef-
! fcrson Davis, to regain its lost political power
j by means of a civil war, should now seek the
| same end under the leadership of Andrew John-
'■ son, by the more peaceful but more danger-
; ous method of usurpation. The Democracy
having taken this " old Man of the Sea" on its
shoulders the power of both for mischief will
, now be lessened. But, sir, we are warned by
gentlemen on the other side of the House that
, the Democratic party will resist any attempt to
i impeach the President. The gentleman from
| New York [Mr. $books] declares that the
: Democracy will never, never, so help him God.
II never submit to the exercise of a power by
Congress expressly conferred upon it by the
ji Constitution. And why? Why not? Why,
because it is unconstitutional. Of course it
! is unconstitutional. According to this same
: Democratic authority the Republican party is
I a sectional, and therefore an unconstitutional
i party, and its very existence justified the rebel-
i lion. The war was an unconstitutional war,
; and not conducted on constitutional principles.
Congress is an unconstitutional body, because
j rebels are not represented in it. I presume if
i the northern Democracy had a majority here
j it would answer- every purpose, and would, in
| that case, be a perfectly constitutional body,
j Abraham Lincoln was, according to this same
] authority, an unconstitutional President, while
j Andrew Johnson, made his successor by an
| assassin, is not only a constitutional President
. but is above the Constitution and the laws.
1 Before the abolition of slavery that was
j constitutional. The Democratic party and the
rebellion were also constitutional, because they
S were necessary to sustain slavery. Since
| slavery has become defunct there is nothing
: now- constitutional but the relics of the re-
| bellion, Andrew Johnson, and the Democratic
; party. All else is unconstitutional, and must
be put down; and the gentleman from New
; York [Mr. Brooks] calls upon the bone and
j muscle of the Democratic party to resist
| this unconstitutional attempt of an uncon-
!' stitutional Congress to impeach the Presi-
dent. Well, sir, like appeals to resist the
|! Government were made by the Democratic
leaders during the war. The constituency of
j the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
] responded, and for days the city which he in
• part represents was the scene of violence and
1 bloodshed. I never heard thatany of the gentle-
