830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Januaiy 6 
Stitution as it was furnished by the officers of
this House. Now I do notreally know whether
what the Senator has read is a part of the Con-
stitution or not. I do not know what the evi-
dence is that three fourths of the States have
voted for it or that any of the States have voted
for it. I am really not able to decide that ques-
tion, and I want to take time to consider it.
Mr. STEWART. Do you or do you not
believe this to be a part of the Constitution?
Although it is not in the book where your name
is stamped, do yoa not believe it to be a part
of the Constitution?
Mr. HOWE. I do not know what evidence
there is that any State has adopted that article
as an amendment to the Constitution. I do not
know—I an sorry to make the confession, but
you drag it right out of me—that three fourths,
or even three States have voted for it. I believe,
although I had lost sight of the fact, that sev-
eral States, have adopted it, but I never heard
it said that three fourths had, and do not know
just now how the fact is. It is a question of
fact that I want time to consider now, and not
of law.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator does not
know whether it is part of the Constitution or
not I think it very proper for him to take three
days for an investigation of the question.
Now, without making a speech, I wish to sub-
mit a single suggestion in regard to this case.
I happen to be, with the Senator from Ver-
mont, one of those who have been forced to
the conviction that Mr. Thomas did give aid
and comfort to persons in armed hostility to
the Government of the United States within
the meaning of that language; and I think the
only confusion that is thrown around this ques- i
tion arises from the fact that we are liable to j
look upon rebellion in a different light from \
other crimes ; and, indeed, from the fact that j
we are not in the habit of looking on rebellion I
as a crime. If it is treated—as this statute j
evidently contemplates that it should be, and i
as we have been m the habit of treating it by
onr laws—as a crime, I think it clear that he >
did give aid and comfort to the rebellion ac- |
cording to all the analogies of the criminal
law. To make myself understood I will sup-
pose a case : suppose Mr. Thomas's son had
proposed to his father to engage in a robbery
involving much difficulty and danger, requir-
ing a fleet horse ; suppose the father had tried
to prevent it by using all the moral suasion
within hiB power, but the young man had de-
termined to go, and he gave him $100 with
which to buy the horse. The son proceeds to
join the band of robbers and commits the
offense. Now can the father say, in extenua-
tion, when charged as an accessory before the
fact, "I tried to dissuade my son ; I was op-
posed to this thing; I advised him not to go ;
I pointed out the danger; but still he would
go, and I gave him $100; but in doing so I was
inspired by fraternal feeling and not by any
desire to aid the robbery; it was because I did
not want him to be overtaken."
The only question in this case, it seems to
me, is, what was the character of the act to be
perpetrated ? Was it a crime for this young
man to join the enemies of his country? If
so, the party who gave him $100, no matter
what his motive or desires may have been, if
the intention was that it should be nsed for that
purpose ; used to buy clothes to go there ; used
as money to put the person in a cortdiiion to
perpetrate that crime; no matter whether it was
actually necessary to the accomplishment of the
purpose or not; if it was a convenient means ;
if it would facilitate the son in getting there—
and nobody can doubt that $100 would facilitate
considerably in getting across the lines in those
times, in buying clothing to make him comfort-
• ble, for money is very material in such trans-
actions—then, I say, if he gave him that
money with knowledge of the fact that the
crime was to be committed, according to any
rules of evidence in the administration of crim-
inal law with which I have ever had any famil-
iarity, he* would be regarded as an accessory
before the fact. It is very possible, that a
jury might be appealed to successfully in view
of paternal feelings, and might violate the
strict letter of the law. They do sometimes,
if you make out a case sufficiently appealing to
their sympathies. But here we have no ques-
tion of intent. The only question is whether
he did knowingly give aid to persons in armed
hostility to the Government. What is meant
by that? That language means the furnishing
of facilities to persons to get there. It means
the various ways in which aid may be given.
It seems to me that if the father had a little
of that sympathy and love for country which it
is is said he had for his son it would have been
easy for him to prevent his boy entering the
rebel service. If he could not do it by persua-
sion he could have withheld the $100. If he
could not do it by withholding th« $100 he
could have appealed to the authorities to pre-
vent it, inasmuch as the boy was not only going
to join the rebel army, but he was goia* through
our lines and to convey to them all the informa-
tion that he had. He was coming here to Wash-
ington, and going to Baltimore, and intended
to go through the lines with the information he
then had, and communicate it to them, and
not merely to carry them his person and assist
them. They were not only to have the addition
of a man to their army, but the addition of one
informed as to the condition of things here.
They not only got a soldier, but one informed
as to the situation here, and from very intelli-
gent sources.
It seems to me that the only cloud about the
matter is how you will regard the offense of
rebellion; for I do not believe there is any
lawyer who can avoid the conclusion that to
give a man $100 to facilitate his going to a
place to commit a crime, when you know he is \
going for that purpose, makes the person doing
it an accessory before the fact. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques- !
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mary- j
land to postpone the further consideration of i
the subject until to-morrow. j
Mr. JOHNSON. I made that motion, and ;
I rise now merely to say that it is not my pur-
pose to call the matter up for a day or two, so
that in the meantime the Senate may dispose
of some other matters.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Maryland I will move that the
Senate take up the cotton-tax bill, so that we
may proceed with it to-morrow at one o'clock.
I am very anxious to get a vote on that bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the
Senator withdraws the motion to postpone
the question then will be on the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that be laid
aside and the cotton bill taken up. I do not
desire to pass it to a vote to-day, but I wish it
to come up at one o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
ject before the Senate will be considered as
postponed if there be no objection. The
question now is on taking up the bill indicated
by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, that the bill to prevent the
furthpr contraction of the currency be first taken
up and disposed of. I think there is a public
necessity for it. I presume it will take but a
little while.
Mr. SHERMAN. Both those bills were re-
ported by me from the same committee. It is
usual, as a matter of course, to take them in
their order. The cotton bill has been debated
at great length and it ought to be settlad. I
propose as soon as possible after that to take
up the bill to which the Senator has referred,
which I also am in favor of; but I think it
would be very bad policy to change the order
of those bills. The cotton bill came to us first
from the House and ought to be first acted on
here. It has been debated at length, and I
think we ought not to mingle another bill in
debate until the cotton tax is first disposed of.
I shall then move to take up the otk r bill .as
soon as possible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore: The bill
in regard to the tax on cotton is the unfinished
business of the former session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the Senator
from Ohio does not design proceeding'with
that bill to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not
smithsonian institution regents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution for the appoiutment of
regents of the Smithsonian Institution to fill
some vacancies. The annual meeting of the
regents takes place soon, and they_ought to be
appointed. If there is no objection I should
like to have the joint resolution considered
now.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 83) for
the appointment of regents of the Smithsonian
Institution ; which was read a first time by its
title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read at length
for information.
The Secretary read the joint resolution,
which provides that the vacancies in the Board
of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution of
the class other than members of Congress be
filled by the appointment of Theodore D.
W'oolsey, of Connecticut; William B. Astor,
of New York; John McLean, of New Jersey,
and Peter Parker, of the city of Washington.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have the reso-
lution considered now. I presume there is no
objection to it.
Mr. FOWLER. I prefer to have it laid
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution cannot be con-
sidered to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 6, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of the 20th of December last
was read and approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. <This being Monday the
first business during the morning hour is the
calling of the States and Territories, beginning
with the State of Maine, for bills and joint
resolutions, for reference to appropriate com-
mittees, not to be brought back into the House
by motions to reconsider.
coasting-trade manifests.
Mr. PIKE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 334)
to relieve vessels engaged in the coasting trade
from filing manifests, and for other purposes:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
appeals in equity.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
335) in relation to appeals in equity; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
layina j. m'llvainb.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
336) for the relief of Lavina J. Mcllvaine:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
mail route in pennsylvania.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
337) to establish a mail route from Mt. Carmel,
in the county of Northumberland, Pennsylva-
nia, to Danville, in said State; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
redemption of legal-tender notes.
Mr. BROOMALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 838) for the redemption of legal-tender
