17H
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 0,
from the old States, and thus augmenting our
imports and exports through increased produc-
tion, it leaves the country a wilderness, or in-
habited only by a miserable tenantry under the
control of absentee landlords. Instead of set-
tling the frontier of our country and extending
the march of civilization, it subjects the Gov-
ernment to the expenditure of millions of dol-
lars in sustaining military posts which else
might be wholly dispensed with. Instead of
taking the pioneer into the fatherly keeping of
the Government, and stimulating the spirit of
adventure by the offer of a free home in the
wilderness, it treats him as a virtual outcast by
driving him beyond the possessions of the
speculator, for whose interest he is compelled
to toil. This is by far the worst feature of our
present land policy. The pioneer subdues the
torest and coins it into wealth. He encoun-
ters every form of hardshipand danger in open-
ing the way for the column of settlers which is
to follow, while his life is one of constant pri-
vation. The settlers of our frontier are the real
heroes of our time. They are the founders of
new Commonwealths, and are ready to en-
counter either wild beasts or savages in explor-
ing our distant borders. They build wagon
roads, bridges, towns, and cities, and, by sur-
rounding the reserved lands of the speculator
and rendering them desirable, add greatly to
the wealth which he has done nothing to earn.
Surely these pet-sous have a better right to
be consulted in the disposition of the public
domain than the men who buy large tracts with
perhaps no expectation of ever seeing them
again or of expending a dollar in their im-
provement.
Mr. Speaker, I have referred to the thirty
millions of acres heretofore sold by the Gov-
ernment which yet remain unimproved. This,
of course, is only a small fraction of the grand
aggregate which from time to time must have
passed under the dominion of monopolists,
and has since been gradually reduced to culti-
vation by paying their tariff for the privilege-
Nothing could be more vicious in principle or
more ruinous to the public interest than has
been this policy. The Government, since its
formation, has sold more than one hundred
and fifty-four millions of acres; and I think I
am safe in asserting, after careful consider-
ation, that the nation has derived from these
lands less than one half the agricultural wealth
which they would have yielded under the policy
for which I now contend, if it had been adopted
in the beginning. Sir, 1 ask gentlemen to
ponder these facts, and say whether the land
policy of the United States has not been a
policy of systematic improvidence and spolia-
tion. Every one remembers thesaying of Dean
Swift, that " whoever could make two ears of
corn or two blades of grass to grow upon a spot
of ground where only one grew before would
deserve better of mankind, and do more essen-
tial service to his country, than the whole race
of politicians." Has not our Government sup-
plied a new and striking commentary on this
saying in sporting with one of the grandest op-
portunities the world has seen for the creation
of wealth and the establishment of Democratic
institutions? One of the charges against the
British king which our fathers preferred in their
great declaration was, that "he has endeavored
to prevent the population of these States; for
that purpose obstructing the laws for natural-
ization of foreigners, refusing to pass others to
encourage their migration hither, and raising
the conditions of new appropriations of lands.''
Is not our Government guilty, substantially, of
this same charge? Has not its policy tended
strongly "to prevent the population of these
.States," by abridging the inducements of our
people to seek homes on the public domain?
And, as to foreigners, has not its policy of spec-
ulation and monopoly amounted to a refusal
"to pass laws to encourage their migration
hither," while ''raising the conditions of new
appropriations of lands ?'' Sir, let us emanci-
pate the public domain yet remaining under
our care. Let us dedicate it to honest toil, to
American homes, to productive wealth, and
thus complete the work so nobly begun in the
preemption and homestead laws. Let us re-
member that in setting free the public lands of
the Government, and placing them beyond the
power of monopolists, we shall become the
creators of wealth and the benefactors of com-
ing generations; and that the ablest political
economist of our time declares the acquisition
of a permanent interest in the soil by the cul-
tivators of it to be as real and as great an im-
provement in production, as the invention of
the spinning-jenny or the steam-engine.
But I pass to a separate though kindred
topic, namely, the grants made by Congress to
aid in building railroads. These have been
exceedingly munificent, and have become a
most formidable barrier to the settlement and
cultivation of our great domain. Congress has
granted in all, to various western and south-
ern States, over fifty-seven millions of acres
for these purposes. These grants have been
made on such conditions that the companies
to whom the alternate odd-numbered sections
are intrusted can hold them back from sale
aud settlement till such ti me, and for such price,
as may best subserve their interest. The lands
become at once a monopoly, and the rights of
settlers are perfectly subordinated to its pur-
poses. The company may sell or refuse to
sell; it may sell to individual settlers or to a
single purchaser. No restraints are imposed
in these particulars. The even-numbered sec-
tions are likewise reserved from sale, except
for the price of $2 50 per acre. Unless, there-
fore, the road is between points and through a
country rendering its speedy construction very
important, both the odd and even numbered
sections are kept back from settlement; and
the further effect of this will be to hinder set-
tlements which otherwise would be formed
adjacent to the interdicted belt. This policy
builds roads, which are highly important; but
it often inflicts great mischief upon the coun-
try by its discriminations against our pioneer
settlers.
Besides these grants to the States we have
donated, on similar conditions, for the con-
struction of canals and other improvements,
over seventeen millions of acres ; and we have
granted to the different lines of the Pacific
railroad the estimated aggregate of one hun-
dred and twenty-four millions of acres. These
roads are of the greatest national importance,
and therefore have a very strong plea to make
in justification of the grants made by Congress;
but they constitute a fearful monopoly, and
may hinder, far more than help, the actual
settlement and improvement of our great
western territory. The several grants I have
named amount to little short of two hundred
millions of acres; and if we add to this the even-
mimbered sections along the lines of the Pa-
cific road, which are excluded from settlement
under a recent ruling of the Interior Depart-
ment, we shall have an aggregate of about one
third of the nation's entire public domain com-
mitted to the keeping of railroad corporations.
"The quantity of lands conveyed by these
grants," says the Commissioner of the Gen-
oral Land Office, "is of empire extent, ex-
ceeding in the aggregate, by more than five mil-
lions of acres, the entire areas of the six New
England States, added to the surface of New
York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Dela-
ware, Maryland, and Virginia." He says the
grants to the Pacific railway lines alone "are
within about a fourth of being twice the uni-
ted area of England, Scotland, Wales, Ire-
land, Guernsey, Jersey, the Isle of Man, and
the islands of the British seas, and less than a
tenth of being equal to the French empire
proper."
These are significant, if not startling, facts,
and they naturally awaken alarm among the
multitudes of our people now seeking settle-
ments under the preemption and homestead
laws throughout the West. I have recent let-
ters from intelligent men in the Topeka land
district in Kansas, who say that, owing to the
land grants referred to and the Indian reserva-
tions as administered by the Government, it
has become next to impossible to secure a
homestead that is at all desirable in that por-
tion of the State, and that many settlers who
have traveled hundreds of miles to find their
homes, on which they have settled in good
faith, are being driven out by railroad agents.
I believe the time has come to sound the cry
of danger, and to demand, in the name of our
pioneers and producers, a radical reform in the
policy of the Government as to any future
grants it may make in aid of these enterprises.
All such grants should be rigidly subordinated
to the paramount purpose of securing homes
for the people, the settlement and improve-
ment of the public domain, and the conse-
quent increase of national wealth. A bill
inaugurating this principle has already been
reported to this House from the Committee
on Public Lands, and I earnestly hope it will
become a law. It provides that in all future
grants to aid in building railroads the odd-
numbered sections shall be sold only to actual
settlers, in quantities not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres, for a price not exceed-
ing tire maximum of $2 50 per acre, and that
any even sections which shall remain undis-
posed of at the expiration of ten years shall
be subject to the same disposition as all other
public lands.
In addition to this greatly needed change of
policy Congress should provide for two other
reforms. In the first place, the road asking
the grant should be an important thorough-
fare, and especially in the matter of extending
settlements and civilization more rapidly than
otherwise would be practicable. Such grants
are only specially needed in the case of long
lines of road, which connect distant points, and
pass over thinly inhabited sections of country.
Experience has shown that roads will not be
built except through settlements which will
supply a local business, or as connecting links
between important centers of trade an8 popu-
lation. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in his report for the year 1865,
justly remarks, that if upon any part of the
line a road gets less land it is because there is
larger population and consequently more local
business; and if upon any part of the line more
land is obtained it is because the reverse is
true. Yet in every instance it will be found
that the road is first constructed, and best
compensating to the stockholders, along that
part of its line on which little or no public
land is obtained. A road passing through a
region of country which invites settlements
will be built, if needed, without any grant of
lands, because settlements will be formed and
the wants of the people will necessitate it. The
actual settlement of a new country is, after all,
the paramount concern both of the Govern-
ment and the people. With this, capital will
gradually come in, and such lines of railroad
as are found to be needed will be constructed.
Without this, railroads would be unprofitable
enterprises, oven if it were practicable to build
them.
The second reform to which I refer is that a
fixed lateral limit shall be made to the grant,
and that the principle of alternate sections in
place shall be rigidly adhered to. The failure
to observe these requirements has wrought
great mischief to the country and to our pio-
neer settlers. Our land-grant policy, as at
first inaugurated, gave every alternate odd-
numbered section for six miles in extent on
each side of the road. This limit should never
have been enlarged except in the case of a few
roads of very great national utility. By keep-
ing within these limits, and of course granting
no alternate sections except those literally cor-
responding and contiguous to the even sections,
the value of the latter would be duplicated,
and thus the Government, while securing the
road and promoting the settlement of the coun-
try, would be financially thegakier also. But
by enlarging the lateral limits as we have
done, to ten miles, and in several instances to •
