1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
twenty, and even forty miles, and allowing^oafe
or scrip, beyond this margin, in lieu of lands
not found within it, the whole policy of com-
pensation to the Government is overthrown,
and our grants become a practical bounty to
railroad corporations, at the expense of act-
ual settlers, and to the great injury of the coun-
try. These floats will, of course, be located at
once upon all the choice lands nearest, the line
of the road, and to the settled portions of the
country.^ The preemptor and the homestead
settler will be driven further back by the grant,
and in the interest of monopolists who will
grow rich by withholding their lands from
settlement till a handsome price can be had
through the improvement of adjoining lands.
The pioneer must surrender the advantages of
roads, mills, schools, churches, and such other
blessings as belong to a well-ordered commu-
nity, for the somewhat imaginary compensa-
tion of a railroad forty or fifty miles distant.
Many gentlemen now here may remember a
bill which was reported to this House in the
T'hirtj-Ninth Congiess, providing for the con-
struction of a road more than four hundred
miles in length, and granting the odd-num-
beredalternate sections to theamountof twenty
sections per mile on each side of the road, with
the privilege of going ten miles further, if neces-
sary, to make up deficiencies occasioned by the
sale or other disposition of any of the alternate
sections by the Government prior to the definite
location of the road. The passage of this
frightful measure was earnestly urged in the
House, but was luckily defeated ; and the abil-
ity, now and then, to aid in strangling such
legislative monsters before their birth may be
set dowa among the consolations of public
life. In some instances we have granted the
even-numbered sections, and we have several
times made large grants, to be selected in a
body, where the principle involved in the policy
of alternate sections could have no possible ap-
plication. Every year bears witness to new
aggressions upon the rights of settlers, which
setiously threaten to swallow up the whole of
our remaining public domain.
Sir, this policy is utterly indefensible and
vicious, and should be abandoned at once. I
will not go quite so far as some gentlemen on
this floor, and oppose all grants of land in aid
of railroads, under whatsoever restrictions.
In legislative, as in other affairs, the want of
discrimination is the want of common sense.
"Good roads," says Mill, in his "Political
Economy," "are equivalent to good tools. It
is of no consequence whether the economy of
labor takes place in extracting the produce
from the soil or in conveying it to the place
where it is to be consumed. Railways and
canals are virtually a diminution of the cost
of production of all things sent to market by
them."
These enterprises have done and are still
doing a great service to our country. Let the
Government, by all honorable means, lend
them its aid ; but let Congress see to it, hence-
forward, that the saving reforms I have sug-
gested shall bo applied.
Mr. Speaker, the picture I have drawn of
the fearful strides of land monopoly in our
country, under the sanction of Congress, would
be imperfect without referring to some addi-
tional and striking facts which fairly belong to
this discussion. The act of Congress of 1862,
providing for the establishment of agricultural
colleges, grants to the Slates thirty thousand
acres of the public lands for each of their Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress. When
the provisions of this act shall be extended to
the States of the South, as they doubtless will
be, the whole amount required will be nine
million six hundred thousand acres. The States
having public lands within their limits will re-
ceive and have set apart to them their respect-
ive shares under the act, which, of course,
will be so many great monopolies, managed
with a view to the largest revenue to aid in the
building of colleges, and not in the interest of
settlers. The States having no public lands
get their respective shares in college scrip rep-
resenting them, which scrip cannot be located
by the States, but must be sold to individuals
who may locate it, provided that not more than
one million acres shall be located in any State.
I do not kno'iv the present market value of this
scrip, but it has been largely dealt in at rates
ranging from sixty to seventy cents per acre ;
and probably this is as much as the States have
generally received for it, instead of $1 25 per
acre, which the land ought to be worth.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will state that I knew one
instance where the entire college scrip of a
State was offered as low as thirty-seven and a
half cents an acre.
Mr. JULIAN. As a method of building col-
leges, therefore, it is by no means a success ;
while, on the otherhand, the scrip goes into the
hands of speculators, and becomes the basis of
the most pernicious monopolies that have
afflicted our country. Bodies of a million acres
have already been appropriated in several of
our western States, and set apart by this policy
of legalized plunder, on which, of course, no
homestead claimant or preemptor may set his
fool. The country is held back from tillage
and productive wealth, and the riglils of our
pioneer settlers postponed or denied, by the
duly authorized rapacity of hungry monopo-
lists. A company of speculators, doing busi-
ness in Cleveland, Ohio, and in Wall street,
New York, advertise that they have bought
the college scrip of nine States, which they
mention, covering two millions four hundred
and eighty-two thousand acres. They hold it
for speculation, and, of course, take no thought
as to the settlement'and improvement of the
public domain. If it was the duty of the Gov-
ernment to aid in building agricultural colleges
it would have been far wiser to appropriate
money, leaving the lands of the country free
to those who desired them for homes, and were
ready to transmute their labor into national
wealth. Kindred observations apply to our
Mexican bounty-land warrants, which cover
over thirteen millions of acres in all.
Another powerful incentive to the spirit of
monopoly lias been the action of Congress
respecting what are called "swamp and over-
flowed lands." There have been patented to
States, under different acts of Congress, more
than forty-lhiee millions of acres of these
lands, and the management of them, whether
in the western or southern States, has been
most unfortunate. This is especially true of
the States of Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Florida, which have received nearly twen-
ty-eight millions of acres. Of these lands large
portions are dry, and among the very best in
the country, but they were purchased in great
bodies by speculators, and to this day continue
in their clutches. According to official tables
furnished by the General Land Office there are
now in the five land States of the South more
than fifty-two millions of acres of unimproved
lands held by monopolists, while fourteen fif-
teenths of their people, outside of the towns
and cities, in an exclusively agricultural region,
are landless. These are very sad facts, and the
solution of them constitutes the real problem
of reconstruction. They are further aggravated
by the railroad monopolies of these States,
covering several millions of acres, by Spanish
grants in some of them, and by plantation ideas
as well as plantation manners, which have sur-
vived theinstitution of slavery. Time, patience,
and the policy of colonization from other States,
must finally work out the redemption of these
regions. One good step has already been
taken in the passage of the southern homestead
law ; but no one can contemplate the situation
of their people to-day, and the weary conflicts
to which they are to be summoned in escaping
from their thralldom, without deploring the
mistake of the Government in failing to con-
fiscate the great plantations of the rebels during
the war, and decimating them in the inter-
ests of loyalty and republicanism.
The action of the Government in dealing
with our Indian lands has been equally subserv-
ient to the interests of monopolists. Under
our treaties with the Delaware Indians, made
in^ 1860 and 1861, some two hundred and
thirty-four thousand acres of surplus Indian
lands wore sold to the Leavenworth, Pawnee,
and Western Railroad Company, instead of"
beingopened to actual settlers. Under another
treaty, concluded in 1806, the residue of these
lands, amounting to over ninety-two thousand
acres, was sold to the Missouri River Railroad
Company in the latter year, thus creating
another monopoly. By virtue of a treaty with
the Sac and Fox Indians, concluded in the
year 1859, the trust lands of these Indians,
amounting to two hundred and seventy-eight
thousand two hundred acres, have been sold to
thirty-six different purchasers, thus creating
numerous though considerable monopolies. As
examples, I may mention that John McManus
bought one hundred and forty-two thousand
nine^ hundred and fifteen acres; William R.
McKean twenty-nine thousand six hundred and
seventy-seven acres; Fuller and McDonald
thirty-nine thousand and fifty-eight acres;
Robert S. Stevens fifty-one thousand six hun-
dred and eighty-nine acres; Hon. Hugh McCul-
loch seven thousand and fourteen acres. By
virtue of a treaty concluded with the Kickapoo
Indians in 186:3, the Atchison and Pike's Peak
Railroad Company, in the year 1865, became
the purchaser of the lands of these Indians,
amounting to one hundred and twenty-threo
thousand eight hundred and thirty-two acres.
By virtue of the first article of a treaty between
the United States and the Great and Little
Osage Indians, concluded in the year 1865,
the said Indians sold to the United States a
tract of country embracing one million nine
hundred and ninety-six thousand eight hun-
dred acres; and under the second article of the
treaty they sold, in trust, the further quantity of
one million two hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand six hundred and two acres, making the
total of three millions two hundred and twenty-
two thousand four hundred and two acres.
The treaty, in strange disregard of the rights
of settlers and of the true interests of the coun-
try, provides that this vast area of land shall
not be subject to entry under the homestead or
preemption laws, but shall be sold to the high-
est bidder ; and, of course, following the ex-
amples already set in other cases, a swarm of
greedy monopolists, more or less numerous,
will get the entire amount. The land is al-
ready advertised for sale in May next, and
several thousands of settlers who went upon it
before the treaty was proclaimed, many of
them having made valuable improvements in
good faith, will be driven out by speculators,
with whom their small means will not enable
them to compete at the sale. Of course it is
not strange that these settlers are now greatly
alarmed and distressed by the situation in which
they find themselves ; and the joint resolution
I reported this morning, which passed this
House, was intended as some little relief, and
perhaps all that Congress can afford, under the
shameful treaty to which I have referred.
The Cherokee neutral lands consist of a tract
fifty miles long and twenty-five miles wide,
embracing eight hundred thousand acres. By
treaty with these Indians, concluded in the
year I860, the Secretary of the Interior is au-
thorized to sell these lands in a body, for a
price not less than one dollar per acre in cash,
except such tracts as were settled upon at the
date of the treaty. Accordingly, in October
last, a contract was made for the sale of these
lands to one James F. Joy, in the interest of
the Kansas and Neosho Valley Railroad Com-
pany, for the price named, and the directors
of the company, at a recent meeting, have re-
solved that such of the lands as are now occu-
pied by bona fide settlers shall be valued at
from three to ten dollars per acre, and be
sold to said settlers at an average of six dol-
lars per acre.
This outrage upon these people, who have
settled upon these lands in good faith, and in
many cases made valuable improvements, is
