1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
notes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
elizabeth maoee.
Mr. MERCUR introduced a bill (H. R; No.
33!') granting an increased pension to Eliza-
beth Magee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of
IS 12.
paymasters.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, introduced
a bi.l (II. R- No. 340) to amend section twenty-
five, chapter one hundred and sixty-two, of the
acts of the second session Twenty-Fifth Con-
gress, relative to paymasters in the Army;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
341) to amend the twelfth section of the sol-
diers' bounty law as contained in an act mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 18f>7, and for other purposes, approved
July 28, 1866; which was read a first and
sccond time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
post routes.
Mr. KERR also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 342) to establish certain post routes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
departmental advertising.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 132) in regard to the
construction of section ten of an act approved
March 2, 1867, entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,18G8,
and for other purposes;" which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
swindling in the territories.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bilt (H. R.
No. 343) repealing a certain portion of an act
of the Legislative Assembly of Colorado Ter-
ritory authorizing a lottery, and to prevent
swindling in the Territories of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Ctfmmittee on the Terri-
tories.
washington target association.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 344) to incorporate the Washington
Target-Shooting Association in the District of
Columbia ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
farmers' and butchers' company.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 345)toincorporatetheFarmers'and
Butchers' Company of Georgetown, District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
lazaretto, near philadelphia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
a bill (H. It. No. 346) to authorize the sale of
the Lazaretto near Philadelphia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
judicial districts in illinois.
Mr. RAUM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
347) to amend an act to divide the State of
Illinois into two judicial districts, approved
February 13, 1855; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
inspection of steamers, etc.
Mr. RAUM also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 133) creating a local board of
inspection of hulls, boilers, and machinery of
steamers at the port of Cairo, Illinois, and
authorizing and requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to appoint local inspectors for said
port; also fixing the compensation of such
inspectors; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
federal courts in missouri.
Mr. LOAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
, 348) to provide for holding terms of the Uni-
ted States district court lor the western dis-
trict of Missouri at St. Joseph in said State;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
port of delivery at st. joseph, missouri.
Mr. LOAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 349) to constitute St. Joseph, in the State
of Missouri, a port of delivery; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
i oaths in bankruptcy.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 350) to authorize clerks of courts of
record to administer oaths in proceedings in
bankruptcy; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
soldiers' bounties,
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 351) providing for the payment of
soldiers' bounties in case of the death of the
applicant; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
post routes.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 352) to establish a post route from
Vinton, Iowa, via Belle Plain to Victor, in
same State; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
; Post Office and Post Roads,
j Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also introduced a bill
, (H. R. No. 353) to establish a post route from
Orleans to Wells' Mills, Iowa; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
official notices in bankruptcy.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 134) relating to the publication of
official notices in bankruptcy; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
court of claims, etc.
Mr. ALLISON also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 354) to amend an act entitled "An act to
restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the payment of certain
demands for quartermasters' stores and sub-
sistence supplies furnished to the armies of
the United States," approved July 4, 1864;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
grant of lands to wisconsin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 355) granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin for a wagon road; which
j was read a first and second time, and referred
I to the Committee on Public Lands.
grant of lands to dakota. '
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 356) making a grant of land to the Terri-
tory of Dakota in alternate sections to aid in
the construction of a certain railroad in said
Territory; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
pacific railroad.
Mr. DONNELLY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 357) to amend an act entitled "An act
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes," approved July 1, 1862;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific rail-
road. . *
settlers on sioux reservation.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
358) for the relief of settlers on the late Sioux
Indian reservation in the State of Minnesota;
which was read a first and second time, ana
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
amendment of homestead law.
Mr. WINDOM also introduced a bill(H. R.
No. 359) amendatory of the homestead law;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
survey of new mexico.
Mr. CLEVER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
360) to provide for a geological and mineral-
ogical survey of the Territory of New Mexico;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
public schools in new mexico, etc.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 361) to provide for the completion of the
capitol of New Mexico, the building of a pen-
itentiary, and the establishment of free public
schools in each county in said State; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
post routes in new mexico.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 362) to establish certain post routes in New
Mexico; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
colorado.
Mr. CHILCOTT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 368) amendatory of an act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Colorado; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
relief of citizens of denver.
Mr. .CHILCOTT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 364) for the further relief of citizens
of Denver; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of States for resolutions,
beginning with Missouri, where the call left
off on the 16th December last.
bill Anderson's guerrillas.
Mr. LOAN submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Retained, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of allow-
ing pensions to the widows and minor children of
those soldiers who were killed by Bill Anderson and
his guerrillas at Centralia, Missouri, in September,
1864.
reconstruction.
Mr. UPSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, upon which I demand the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Reconstruction
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ef au-
thorizing by law the several constitutional conven-
tions elected under the reconstruction acts in the
States lately in rebellion to appoiYit all civil offi rs.
State, county, city, or otherwise, in their said States
respectively, to act temporarily until constitutions
may be adopted therein and officers chosen and qual-
ified thereunder, and for that purpose to remove any
or all such civil officers who may now be acting in
each of said States as the constitutional convention
thereof may deem proper.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the previous question to enable me
to offer an amendment to the resolution.
Mr. UPSON. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as
follows:
Rexolved. That the Committee on Reconstruction
be directed to consider the expediency of authoriz-
ing the General of tbeArmyto detail officers for ser-
vice in the several military districts established by
law in the States recently in rebellion; also, to con-
sider the expediency of constituting said States a
single military district, under the command of the
General of the Army; also, to consider the expediency
