1716
TIJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
simply monstrous. Even the treaty, which no
man can defend, and could have had no honest
parentage, does not warrant it. These settlers,
in all conscience, should have their lands at
$1 23 per acre. The treaty could easily have
been so made as to secure to them this right
beyond question, and the lands themselves, as
I am well assured, could have been disposed
of directly to the United States, and subjected
at once to our ordinary policy of sale and pre-
emption. No man can approve the conduct
of the Government in thus joining hands with
monopolists in squandering the public domain
and conspiring against the productive industry
of the country; and since there yet remain
large quantities of other Indian lands to be
disposed of, all of which are threatened by the
reckless policy I have exposed, the voice of
the people should be earnestly invoked in their
behalf before it shall be too late.
One remarkable instance of the espousal by
the Government of the claims of monopo-
lists against those of our pioneer settlers re-
mains to be noticed. It is of recent occur-
rence. A disputed question involving the title
to certain, lands in California was properly
brought before the General Land Office for
decision. The parties on the one side were
preemptors, claiming title as such under the
laws of the United States. The chief party
on the other side was a perfectly unprincipled
monopolist, who had succeeded by false rep-
resentations in procuring the passage of an
act of Congress under which he and his assigns
claimed title to ail invalid Spanish grant of
ninety thousand acres, including the very
lands of the preemptors referred to. After
a full and careful hearing the Commissioner
of the General Land Office decided in favor
of the settlers. The California monopolists
thereupon prevailed upon the Secretary of the
Interior to ask the advice of the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States upon the points of
law involved, and they procured from him an
Opinion, declaring, among other things, that
preemptors on the public lands acquire no
rights by their preliminary acts of settlement
and improvement, and are mere tenants-at-
will, whom the Government may eject at any
time before they have completed the conditions
of title. The Attorney General did not con-
trovert the fact that the preemptors were such,
under the laws of Congress, but he denied
their right to the land ; and the Secretary of
the Interior acquiesced in the decision, al-
though he knew il was not law, and allowed
the land department of the Government to bo
used in dispossessing these settlers, in viola-
tion of the plainest principles of justice as well
as law, ill opposition to numerous and uniform
decisions of our Federal courts, and to the
whole spirit and policy of the Government.
This ruling, still adhered to by the Secretary
of the Interior, strikes at the homestead set-
tler as well as the preemptor, and is a mean
and wanton insult to both. Should it bo ap-
plied in all cases, as it was cruelly done in this,
it would kindle a fire throughout the West
which it might cost the Government some
pains to quench. Sir, in the name of our
grand army of pioneers, whether native or
foreign born, I denounce it. As I have said
here on another occasion, it mocks justice,
sets common sense at defiance, and insults
judicial decency, and the men who procured
it, in behalf of soulless speculators and land-
sharks, were engaged in a most unworthy ser-
vice. I must add, as the saddest fact of all,
that this foul plot of thieving monopolists
received the sanction of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, as shown by
its recorded vote on the 7th day of 'July, in the
year 1866.
Mr. Speaker, the facts I have submitted
should alarm every real friend of our country.
This wholesale prostitution of the people's her-
itage, this merciless crusade against the rights
of coming generations, ought to cease instantly.
It will tax all the wisdom of ourrulers to heal
the wounds already inflicted upon our coun-
try, and which have laid hold on its very
life. While the power of Government to do
good is limited, and negative at best, its capa-
city for evil is practically infinite. It has been
said truly that the influence of the laws under
which we live pervades the national character,
is felt in every transaction of our social exist-
ence, and is seen, like the frogs of Pharaoh,
" in our houses and in our beds, in our ovens
and inourkneading-troughs." Our land policy
will have its enduring monument in the very
curses which it plants in its footsteps, and writes
down upon the soil. It poisons our social life
by checking the multiplication of American
homes and the growth of the domestic virtues.
It tends to aggregate our people in towns and
cities, and render them mere consumers," in-
stead of dispersing them over our territory,
and tempting them to become the owners of
land and the creators of wealth. It fosters
the taste for artificial life, and the excite-
ments to be found in great centers of pop-
ulation, instead of holding up the truth that
"God made the country," and intended it to
be peopled aud enjoyed. It dries up the
sources of productive wealth, as I have already
shown, and thus fatally abridges the revenues
now so much needed in meeting our national
obligations. As a mere scheme of finance, I
believe the passage of the bill now before us
would be decidedly the best of the many which
have been proposed and debated. The great
want of the country to-day is more producers
and to this end a policy which shall draw from
the older States and from our overcrowded
cities the millions of unemployed men who are
seeking to live by their \vhs, and to evade the
command that "in the sweat of thy face slialt
thou eat thy bread." This, sir, is my policy of
finance. The money which is to pay our debt
must be dug from the soil and from our mines ;
and whatever decision Congress may make as
to the taxation of our bonds, or the kind of
money in which they shall bo paid, or the fur-
ther contraction or expansion of the currency,
or the readjustment of our tariff and internal
revenue system, our national debt, after all,
must be paid. That hard duty is unavoidably
laid upon us, and there is no royal road to its
performance. In the broadest and best sense
of the term, therefore, this bill is a measure
of financial relief; and should it become a law,
it will stand forth as a great landmark in the
legislation of the country, and as the crowning
act of a policy which has sought to find ex-
pression for more than fifty years. In the early
period of the Government settlements on the
public domain were forbidden by law.
In the year 1807 Congress even provided for the
removal of persons who should attempt settle-
ments without authority of law. This illiberal
treatment of our pioneers was of short dura-
tion, but the policy of preemption was of slow
growth, and was only finally perfected in the
year 1811. 'Twenty-one years later the home-
stead law was enacted, recognizing still further
the just claims of settlers; but it allowed the
speculator to cripple and harass them at every
step, and thus seriously to frustrate the great
and beneficent ends which otherwise it would
have perfectly accomplished. It was a half-
way measure of relief, pointing as naturally to
the complete remedy now proposed as did the
preemption laws point to the far broader policy
of the homestead act. Let us now apply it,
and thus extend the borders of our civilization,
increase our national wealth, curb the ravages
of monopolists, satisfy the earth-hunger of the
multitudes who are striving for homes on our
soil, and thus practically reassert the right of
the people to life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness.
Mr. DRIGGS. As the hour is late, I pro-
pose to give way for a motion to adjourn ; but
before doing so I will yield to one or two gen-
tlemen who desire to introduce bills.
national currency.
Mr. SELYE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 872) to amend the
act to provide a national currency; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking aud Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
john yOUno brown.
* Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 873) to remove
political disability from John Young Brown;
which was read a first and second time, aud
referrred to the Committee of Elections.
tost routes in ohio.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 874) to
establish certain post routes in Ohio; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. _ This bill re-
lates to post routes in my district and in the
district of my colleague, [Mr. Siieli.abarger,]
who is absent. As it is purely local I hope
there will no objection to its being passed
now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it had better be
referred.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bills were severally referred ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOPKINS, (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
commiltecs:
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of J.
W. Todd, for remission of $3,000, &c.
By Mr. MYERS : The petition of the Phil-
adelphia Board of Trade and business men of
Philadelphia, asking such change in the law
as will authorize the forwarding of imported
goods without warehousing to the port of des-
tination.
Also, the petition of citizens of Fisherville,
New Hampshire, for the repeal of the ware-
housing system.
By Mr. McCLURG: A memorial of Mrs.
D. J. Phillips, of Missouri, for pension.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of William
C. Hamilton and a number of others, paper
makers, of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
against the enaction of the international copy-
right bill, stating their belief that its passage
would prove detrimental to the highest inter-
ests of the community at large, while inflicting
especial injury upon all the branches of pro-
ductive industry connected with the manufac-
ture of books.
Also, the petition of home producers and
regular importers of the city of Philadelphia,
asking Congress to abolish the warehousing
system, as through" that measure the refuse
and surplus accumulations of the manufactur-
ing establishments of Europe are at all times
held ready to be thrown upon the markets of
this country, to the great detriment of home
producers and regular importers; that the
Government is deprived of its legitimate reve-
nue by the facilities this system presents for
committing frauds, and that the expenses of
the G-overnment in maintaining the same ex-
ceeds the amount of revenue derived there-
from.
Also,the petition ofjourneymen cigar-makers
and manufacturers of cigars of the second con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania, asking that
Congress will not enact the proposed system of
placing a separate stamp oil each cigar, and
urging many reasons why said system should
not be adopted.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Samuel
Plumb, C. N. Churchliill, and 150 others, citi-
zens of Lorain county, Ohio, praying for the
reduction of expenses of the Government and
reduction of taxes.
