3764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 0,
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, as fol-
lows :
Be it enacted bp the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives ot the Unitedi'tato,oj America in Coiigrcssasnem-
tied, That the reward ot $100,000 ottered ior the cap-
ture ot Jefferson Davis by the President of the United
States in his proclamation of May % 18(55, sha U be
paid as follows: to James II. Wilson, of the State
of Illinois, late major general of volunteers, S3.00U;
to Buiijamm i>. Pritchard. of the State of Michigan,
late lieutenant colonel of the lourth Michigan cav-
alry, $3,U0U; to Hcuiy Ilarnden, of the Stale of Wis-
consin, late lieutenant colonel of the first AViscousiu
Cavalry, &3,OUO; to Joseph A. 0. Yeoman, of the State
of loiva, late captain of the first Ohio cavalry, J",000;
and to the following officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, and privates, in proportion to the monthly p<iy
pioper to which they were respectively entitled by
law in the grades which they held at the time of said
capture—
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts. I
suggest that it is not necessary to read all the
names. There are some two or three hundied
of them.
The SPEAKER. The bill contains _ an
appropriation. 'I ho third section provides
"that the sum of $100,000 is hereby appro-
priated to carry this act into effect." It must
receive its lirst consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts.^ Well,
if the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Ul'sox]
wishes to make that motion and take the
responsibility of defeating the bill, the Com-
mittee of Claims have no feeling about it. I
simply wish to state that the committee acted
upon this bill at the last Congress and were
unanimous in their report, and the committee
of this Congress are also unanimous in their
report. It is a question that we have had a
good deal of trouble about, and we should
like to have the House dispose of ir. But if
the House sees lit to reject the bill, or it' the
gentleman from Michigan—who is as much
interested as any member of the House—
wishes to move to lay it on the table or to send if
to the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar or to destroy it in any manner, I am
perfectly willing he should do so.
Mr. UPSON. My object is to have the mat-
ter fairly understood by the House and debated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that the bill is not before the House. The
point of order made by the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Upson] has referred the bill lo
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of consider-
ing the bill in the House. I think it ought to
pass.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I am
willing to allow the gentleman from Michigan
[Air. Upson] time to discuss the bill.
Sir. UPSON. Well, but the gentleman's
time is limited, and my colleagues desire to be
heard on this question as well as myself.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and there were—ayes uO, noes
19 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I hope
gentlemen will allow the bill to come be-
fore the House, and if they are not satisfied
with it let it be voted down.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers on the motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
bubne, of Illinois, and Ursox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 71, noes 28.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. BLAIR called for the yeas and nays on
suspending the rules.
1 he yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 20,
not voting 04 ; as lollows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Benton,
Boles, Boutwejl, Brora well, Cake, Ohurchill, Sid-
ney Claike, Cobb, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Don-
nelly, Eliot,. Farnswoi'th, (Jnswold, Hamilton,
Hawkins, llifrby. Hinds, Hooper, Hopkins, Ches-
ter D. Ilubbaivl, Hutburd, Hunter, Insersoll,
Jenckcs, Judd, Julian, Kclley. Kelsey, Kitchen,
Koontz, (jeorge V. fjawrence, Logan, Lougliridge,
I/ynch, Marvin, McCarthy, Merour, Miller, Moor-
hoad, Myers, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine, Pcrham, Peters,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, llnum. Roots,
Sawyer. Sehenek, Shanks, Smith, Stewart, Stokes,
Tafle. Ta>lor, Thomas, Twichell. Burt \an Horn,
Kobeit T. V.ui Horn, Cadwalader O. Washburn,
Elihu I). Vwi-hiiurne, Ilenry D. Washburn, William
I>. Washburn, William Williams, J;uuus I. W ilson,
and Windom—81. .
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson. Benjamin, Blair. Ben-
ja.tuin j:'. Under, Driggs, Kla, Ferry, G rover, William
Lawrence, Loan, Ma! lory, May nard.McOlurg, Moore,
Mullins, OrtU, Spalding, Stone, Trowbridge, and
Upson—20.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Arncll,
JaiucsM. Ashley, Axteli, Barnes, Baiiium, Leauian,
Beck, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Lroomall,
JJ 1. I 1 1>  1) 1} "li.iflnY* flow ('hillllr> \
Fields' Finney. Fox. darticld, Uetz, Glossbrenner,
Golladay, (Iravely, Ilaight, tlalsey, Harding, Hill,
Holnian, Ilolchlui-s, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard I).
1). Hubbard, Humphrey. Johnson, Jones, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knott, Lailin, Lincoln, Marshall, McCor-
inick, MeCullouffb, McKee, Morrcll, Morrissey,
jMungen, Newcomb, Niblaclt. Nicholson, Phelps*,
Pike, Polsley, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson,
Kos«, Scotkld, Selye.Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, ThaddcusStevens, Taber,
John Trimble, Lawrenoe S. Trimble, Van Aernam,
Van Auken.VanTrump, Van Wyek. Ward, Wclker,
Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen 1'. W u-
son, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodwaid—9-t.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended and the bill was before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until the next
morning hour for private bills.
IRON-CLADS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, in
compliance with House resolution of the 2d in-
stant, the report of Captain James B. Eads
on the iron-clads of Europe and this country ;
which was referred lo the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PILE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing, under the law :
ResoheA, That there be printed for the use of the
House three thousand copiesof thereport and draw-
ings of Captain James B. Eads on the iron-clads of
Europe and this country, and five hundred copies
for the use of the Navy Department.
i\lits. nancy weeks.
The SPEAKER. There is a single pension
bill on the Speaker's table, for the relief of the
widow of a revolutionary soldier. The Chair
would ask unanimous consent to have the Sen-
ate amendments to that bill disposed of at this
time.
The amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 453, increasing the pension of Nancy
Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks, were then
taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. MAYNARl). I do not like to suspend
the case of tho old lady, but I think 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will withdraw
the request he made to have this bill consid-
ered now, not desiring to take up the time of
the House. The Chair supposed there would
be no objection to it, the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions being in favor of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the point I
was going to make.
The amendments of the Senate were then
concurred in.
Mr. LOAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senale were
concurred in : and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
TheSPBAKER. Thenextbusinessinorder
is the consideration of the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the Senate amend-
ments to the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill, and upon the deficiency
appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. On
account of the special request of some gentle-
men who are absent, I would rather not take
up the deficiency appropriation bill now.
The SPEAKER. The deficiency bill will
not come up until after the Senate amend-
ments to the legislative and executive appro-
priation bill have been disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let the
deficiency bill go over till next Thursday or
Friday. ... ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I take it
the House will concur in the action of the
Committee of the Whole upoa the Senate
amendments to the legislative appropriation
bill.
Mr. MOOIIHEAD. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the tariff
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
I have the floor. I insist upon the regular
order.
LKOISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILt.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No; 605, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 80th of June, 18G9. The
Committee of the Whole recommend concur-
rence in some of the Senate amendments, non-
concurrence in others, and concurrence in
some with amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the action of the Committee of the Whole
I be concurred in ; and upon that motion I call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon concurring in the
action of the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Upon
that question I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were twelve in the
affirmative.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report of the Committee of the Whole
was then concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote just taken ; and I also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that a committee of conference be asked upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM NORTII CAROLINA.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elec-
tions, to whom were referred the credentials
of Hon. John R. French, claiming to be
elected a representative from the first con-
gressional district of North Carolina: Hon.
John T. Deweese, claiming to be elected a
rspresentativefrom the fourth district of North
. Carolina, and Hon. Alexander PI. Jones, claim-
I ing to be elected a representative from the sev-
I enth district of North Carolina, have instructed
I me to report that they find the credentials in
; due form of law; that nothing has appeared
! before the committee touching the qualifica-
j tions of these gentlemen to hold the offices
! which they claim; and the committee report
! a recommendation that they be sworn in.
[ The report of the committee was agreed to.
| Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
• by which the report was agreed to: and also
: moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Messrs. John R. Fresch. John T. Deweese
and Alexander H. Jones presented themselves
at the Speaker's desk, and were duly qualified
j by taking the oath prescribed by law.
RESTRICTIONS ON AMEBIUAN COMMERCE.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous eonsent, sub-
