2740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juiie 1,
as the people of a Territory, they have the
power in the exertion of that authority to gov-
ern as seems to them to be best. What will
conduce to the interests of the people of a Ter-
ritory, Congress having the governing power,
is necessarily to decide. The people of the
Territory have no power whatever over the
question. The whole is vested in the legislative
department of this Government though the
people of the Territory are not the constituents
of that legislative department. The constit-
uents of that department are the people of the
States already in the Union. The Territory,
therefore, is held by the States as represented
in Congress, or the people of the States as
represented in Congress, m trust for the bene-
fit of the States and the people of the States,
and for the benelit of the people of the Terri-
tory. We stand to them as guardians, and
they to us as wards ; but that relation exists
only as long as the condition out of which it
arises continues. The moment we admit them
as States, then from the very nature of the
Government they become entitled to all the
political rights which belong to the other States
of the Union.
Over the question of taxation the States have
the power ill particular instances to limit the
exertion of their authority in the way of con-
tract. Such was the case of New Jersey va.
Wilson, reported in Oranch; such is the au-
thority of the several eases from New York and
Maryland. In the first case, New Jersey, hav-
ing stipulated with the Indians who owned a
part of the lands within the hmitsof thutStatc,
that if thev would transfer them they should
have others, and that the others should never
at any time be taxed, the Supreme Court held
that the law passed by New Jersey in contra-
vention of the terms of that agreement was
void ; void because it was in contravention of
that clause of the Constitution which denies to
the States the authority to pass any law im-
pairing the obligation of a contract. That case
only decided this: first, that a State can con-
tract ; and secondly, that whether it will lax
a particular property or not is a subject about
which it may contract.
So in the case of .Maryland. .We chartered
banks, and we chartered them upon the condi-
tion of their paying a certain amount into the
State treasury, and agreeing that in considera-
tion of that amount being paid annually, so
many cents 011 the dollar, no subsequent tax-
ation should be levied. The .Supreme Court
maintained that; and they adopted the same
doctrine in the case from Ohio. But as far as
I have any knowledge, the legislative depart-
ment ol the Government never have at any
time claimed the right to interfere with any
power which belongs to the States, and have
therefore never claimed the right to interfere
with any such power unless the subject of the
power is to be found in some one of the grants
delegated to the General Government. Failing
to bring them within the grasp of those dele-
gated powers, then the court have said they
are with the States absolutely.
Now, Mr. President, if we have the power
which the condition of the bill assumes that
we do possess, and which die condition of my
friend trom Missouri also assumes us to pos-
sess, it is because the subject of the power is
with us, and that subject is the franchise. If
that is a subject within our control we may
control it just as we may think proper from
time to time. If we have the right to impose
this condition we have the right to impose any
other condition which may affect that power.
We may impose it, therefore, as a condition of
the admission that the State will allow women
to vote; that she will permit minors to vote ;
that she will permit aliens to vote. If we have
the power to say that she must permit through
all time a black man to vote, we have the right
to say that she must, at all times, permit every-
body else to vote who happens to be within the
State at the time of her election. Will any-
body pretend that our powers are as extensive
as these suppositions imagine? I think not.
, The error of the argument upon the other
side, if it be erroneous, as I think it manifestly
is, is in supposing that States of this Union can
exist if deprived by the legislation of Congress
of any right growing out of any power not
included within those delegated to the General
Government. InthecaseofPollard'sLessee®s.
Hagan, in o Howard, it was held that whether
the navigable waters of Alabama were made
free to navigation by the terms of the deed of
cession, whether that deed was by Georgia or
Virginia, or by any treaty of cession, was
immaterial; the waters still (notwithstanding
the State was admitted upon the condition that
they were to be navigable) were as much under
the control of the State as are the waters within
the limits of the older States; and whatever
power, therefore, is 111 its nature with reference
to the waters municipal is in the States, not
in the Government of the United States. The
Supreme Court has recognized the same doc-
trine in various other cases.
I11 a case from Mississippi, Withers vs. Buck-
ley, 20 Howard, page S)2, the question arose
substantially in tln^s way: the waters of Mis-
sissippi were made free to navigation, abso-
lutely free to everybody ; the river itself, the
Mississippi, changed its bed and left dry dur-
ing the greater part of the year its original
channel. It became necessary to the health
of the State; it became necessary to the
improvement, of the land along this river, that
certain improvements should be made by the
State, and they changed the bed of the river,
made canals ; and one of the questions in the
case was whether the act of Mississippi author-
izing such improvements was constitutional,
its constitutionality being denied upon the
ground that the rivers within the limits of the
.State were made free to everybody. 'The opin-
ion was delivered by Mr. Justice Daniel; the
whole court united in it, Mr. Justice McLean
then being upon the bench, and the late Chief
Justice. Mr. Justice Daniel expressed him-
self in two or three sentences, which I will
read. He said the provision relied upon—
'' could have 110 effect to restrict the new State
in any of its necessary attributes as an inde-
pendent sovereign government, nor to inhibit
or diminish its perfect equality with the other
members of the Confederacy with which it was
to be associated."
'"Clearly Congress could exact of the new
State the surrender of 110 attribute inherent in
her character as a sovereign, independent State,
or indispensable to her equality with her sister
States, necessarily implied and guarantied by
the very nature of the Federal compact."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him if the court did not, after all,
decide that what the State of Mississippi was
doing was not a violation of the act of Con-
gress ?
Mr. JOHNSON. It did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And, therefore, would not
this be merely the individual opinion of the
judge?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; it is not the individ-
ual opinion of the judge; it is the opinion of
the court; there was no dissent at all. It was
not necessary to decide that question; but that
question was before them and was argued, and
the result of the deliberations of the court on
it is to be found in the passages to which 1
have just adverted.
It must be so, I think, if we carefully con-
sider the nature of our Government. The doc-
trine of my friend from Vermont and those
who agree with him makes us a collection of
States of unequal powers.
Equality, as the court say in that ease, exists
from the very nature of the Federal compact.
That compact, evidenced by the Constitution
in which it is incorporated, was aoompactmade
between equals, and what was true of the States
who were parties to that compact in 1789 is
equally true of the States which are brought
in, because it was a part of the compact, not
that new territory might be brought in, but that
new States might be brought in.
What was the evident meaning 01 the term
" States " as there used ? States like the rest;
States possessing all the powers belonging to
the rest; the object being to have an associa-
tion of equals, each agreeing to transfer to the
General Government powers necessary for the
protection and prosperity of all, but each re-
serving to itself all powers not deemed by those
who framed the Constitution essential to the
protection of all, hut, on the contrary, re-
served, because such reservation was necessary
to the prosperity and protection of each.
I have said ail that I propose to say upon the
question of power. Mr. President, a word or
ttf o more and I have done. No member of the
Senate is more anxious tosee these States again
in the Union than I am. I am for their rein-
troduction ; that is the better term ; because
I want the Union to be what it was in every
respect except slavery. That is gone, never
to be restored.
But I want them back, not from the recol-
lection alone of our common renown, but from
a conviction that our future renown is con-
nected with it. I want to get clear as soon as
possible of the hands of the General Govern-
ment over them, because 1 believe that the
States as such are much better able to manage
their own concerns than they can be managed
by any measures which the Congress of the
United States may adopt. Above all, I desire
to get rid of the Army, of the military. To
be governed by arms is wholly unsuited to the
geuius of American freedom. It may suit the
nations of the continent of Europe ; but that
love of freedom which animated the country
from which we have inherited nearly all the
rights which we possess is such that her people
would not for an hour, except from dire neces-
sity, submit to the rule of the bayonet. Goto
England ; go to London, with her millions of
inhabitants, where, I suppose, is to be found
every degree of vice into which humanity falls,
and you do not see a soldier. He is studiously
kept wituin his own barracks, never to be
called out until absolute necessity demands his
assistance to the civil arm. 1 want to see that
here; not that I have any prejudice against the
Army as such, against the officers who have led
it during the last war to victory upon so many
battle-fields, and have won for themselves
such imperishable renown, frustrating, as they
did, the greatest rebellion ever known among
men; but because from the very nature of
military power it is dangerous to individual
freedom, because it is unrestrained, and where
ever that power is to be found whose only
restraint, if restraint it can be called, is to be
found in those who wield it, there is the very
element of despotism. I want the States,
Ihen, readmitted. I care not what may be the
effect upon the political questions which are
agitating the country now or at anytime here-
after.
I want them hack upon this floor to aid us
in the administration of our high functions;
but I want them back as equals. I should be
unwilling to sit here—and which of us would
not be unwilling to sit here—the representa-
tive of a State which was not the equal of every
other State in the Union represented on this
floor? How would the sturdy men of the
North, whose love of freedom is inherent, con-
sent to abandon any State power which belonged
to any of the other States of the Union in any
other portion of our land? Not one. Great
as they are in enterprise, able as they have
been to maintain themselves upon a soil com-
paratively fruitless and barren, there is one
thing that they prize more than that: it is the
possession of equal rights; and, iff know them,
i think, in the end, whatever may be their opin-
ion now, they will insist upon the possession
of equal rights by the Staies as well as by in-
dividuals. The two things cannot be separated.
Destroy the equality of a State and her citi-
zens are deprived of the rights which belong
to others. I beg pardon, Mr. President, for
having trespassed so long.
Mr. MOHTON. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this whole question turns-upon a point
about which there has been no discussion 011
this occasion, and,-1 beg leave to add, about
