1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2741
which there is but little controversy; and that
is, whether, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, each State has a right to regulate
or control suffrage for itself. I have taken
that for granted, and I believe it has not been
denied by a single Senator on this floor. Now,
sir, if that be conceded, itseems to me that the
question is at an end; for if the States indi-
vidually have the right to control and regulate
suffrage -for themselves they cannot, under
another clause of the Constitution, be deprived
of it even by their own constitutions or com-
pacts. The second section of the sixth article
of the Constitution declares:
"'JQ.Ls Constitution and the laws of the United
States w inch shall be made in pui suance thereof, and
all treaties made or which .shall be made under the
authority of the United States shall bo the supreme
law of the land; and the judges in every State shall
be bound thereby, anything ill the constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
If it be conceded that by the Constitution
the States have the power to regulate and con-
trol suffrage for themselves it is a right that
cannot be affected by their own constitutions,
by any compact or by any act of Congress, for
the Constitution of the United States is the
supreme law of the land. How can a genera-
tion for itself, or acting for some particular
purpose, or a party in Congress, that may be
in power to-day and out of power next year,
make a compact by which the supreme law of
the land is to be changed or affected ? It is
declared in so many words that the Constitu-
tion of the United States is the supreme law
of the land, and therefore, whatever right by
that Constitution is given to a State is the
supreme law of the land, any State constitution
or law to the contrary notwithstanding. This
is the express declaration of the Constitution
of the United Slates.
Mr. President, I understood the distinguished
Senator from Missouri [Mr. f J hake] to say
that if a State desired to part with both its
Senators it had the power to stipulate when it
came into the Union that it should have no
Senators in Congress or Representatives in the
other House; and that, by an agreement be-
tween the State thus coming in and Congress,
the State could forever be deprived of its rep-
resentation, notwithstanding the Constitution
says that each State shall have two Senators
in Congress. To sustain this view, the Sena-
tor referred to that provision which says that
" no State without its consent shall be deprived
of its equal suffrage in the Senate," and he
argued that by its consent it might be. But the
Senator failed to notice the very important fact
that that provision is contained in the clause
in regard to amending the Constitution of the
United States, which reads thus:
"Provided, That no amendment which may bo
made prior to the year 1503 shall in any manner
affect the first and fourth clauses of the ninth sec-
tion of the first article; and that no State without
its conscnt shall be deprived ot its c<iual sutirage in
the Semite."
It refers to the amendment of the Constitu-
tion, and this provision was inserted at the
request of the weaker States at the time it was
made, that the Constitution should never be
so amended in any way by which the smaller
States could be deprived of their equal repre-
sentation in the Senate without their consent.
That is what it meant. The clause refers to
the amendment of the Constitution, and has
no reference to an act of Congress, and gives
no warrant for the declaration that by an act
of Congress and the agreement of a State a
State may be forever deprived of its_represent-
ation in the Senate. It is not treating of acts
of Congress, butit is treating of the amendment
of the Constitution itself, and provides that it
shall not be amended in this particular without
the consent of the States affected themselves.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Indiana allow me a word there ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. DliAKE. The honorable Senator from
Indiana is mistaken in supposing that I had
overlooked the connection of that portion of
the Constitution which I quoted with the mat-
ter that he refers to. It is, to be sure, in the
article of the Constitution which relates to
amendments; but I beg leave to suggest to my
friend from Indiana that the very phraseology
of it dissevers it in fact from the very thing
that he wishes to connect it with. The proviso
to that article, after going on to provide how
amendments shall be made, is in these words:
*'Provided that no amendment which maybe
made prior to the year 1808 shall in any man-
ner affect the first and fourth clauses in the
ninth section of the first article." Mark the
language, that no amendment which shall be
made shall affect certain provisions, and then
the sentence is divided into two parts, and the
next part is not " that no amendment shall be
made which shall deprive a State of its equa
suffrage in the Senate," but the general prop-
osition—added on, doubtless, in that place
merely as a matter of convenience—" that no
State, without its consent, shall be deprived
of its equal suffrage in the Senate." With all
respect to the honorable Senator from Indiana,
I conceive that the change of phraseology there,
dropping the expression "that no amendment
which shall be made shall have such and such
effect," and coming to the other form of
speech, "that no Stale, without its consent,
shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the
Senate," does not mean alone simply that no
State shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in
the Senate by an amendment of the Constitu-
tion, but that in no case shall it be deprived of
its equal suffrage in the Senate without its own
consent; and if it shall not be deprived of it
without its own consent, manifestly the infer-
ence is that it may be deprived of it with its
consent.
And while I am up, if the honorable Senator
will allow me a single word more, I'would ask
permission to correct a statement that he made
in his remarks just now. The Constitution
nowhere says that each State shall have two
Senators in this Senate, as the honorable Sen-
ator stated it. The Constitution says that ■' the
Senate of the United States shall be composed
of two Senators from each State." It is per-
fectly optional with a State to elect Senators
or not as she pleases. It is simply fixing the
number of Senators, not making it constitution-
ally obligatory upon every State to elect its
two Senators.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor says that this clause maybe detached from
the rest of the article, and is general in its
application, and means that by consent of a
State it may be deprived of' its two Senators
in this body. I do not much like to argue this
proposition ; but this whole article five is one
sentence, and applies exclusively to the subject
of amending the Constitution of the United
States.; and this clause unquestionably refers
to the subject of amendment, simply providing
that no amendment shall be made by which
the equal suffrage of a State in the Senate shall
be taken away except by its own consent, and
then there must be in addition to that the con-
sent of three fourths of all the States besides,
or it must be one of the three fourths. To
amend the Constitution in that particular the
consent of three fourths of the States must be
given, and the State herself must be one of the
number. To tear this language rudely from
its context, and to say that, it does not refer to
amending the Constitution, and that it may as
well refer to an act of Congress, or to a com-
pact made by a State, is doing too much vio-
lence entirely. The argument of the Senator
is ingenious, but it is not sound.
Mr. President, 1 understand the Senator
from Missouri to say that Congress has the
right to prescribe the conditions on which a
State may be admitted. I agree with him in
that, provided those conditions are of such a
character as not to violate the Constitution ot
the United States. We are not bound to admit i
new States at all. If we refuse to admit them i
we need not give any reasons or we may give j
bad reasons. Our action is equally valid in j
either case. Therefore, to come in they must i
make their constitutions to please us; but j
when they have once come into the Union I
then they have the rights-that any other State
in the Union has; and one of those rights is to
amend its constitution at its will and pleasure,
governed by that overruling clause, however,
that it shall still be republican in its form. I
ask if every State in this Union has not exer-
cised that right, and if the States are not ex-
ercising it from year to year, neither consult-
ing Congress in regard to the character of the
amendments nor as to the fact of their amend-
ing their constitutions at all, but at pleasure
calling conventions and amending their consti-
tutions. It is a right recognized as belonging
to every State. There is but one restraint upon
it, that they shall not so alter or change their
form of government that it shall cease to be
republican in its character.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Or impair the obligation
of a contract-
Mr. MORTON. " Or impair the obligation
of a contract," says the Senator from Vermont.
A contract by whom made ? As he would say,
a contract made between the Government and
the State, by which the State has surrendered
to the General Government one of the rights
it has under the Constitution of the United
States, in defiance of the provision to which I
have referred. If the right to regulate and
control suffrage is given lo the States by the
Constitution, if you admit that, then that is
the supreme law of the iand, any provision of
any law or State constitution to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
be good enough to point to that clause of the
Constitution which confers that right on the
States?
Mr. MORTON. What right?
Mr. DRA KE. The right to control the
matter of suffrage exclusively.
Mr. MORTON, if the Senator is disposed
now to change his ground and to deny what
has been taken for granted all through this
debate, 1 shall, perhaps, take another occa-
sion to discuss the matter. But I ean reler to
the fact that has been conceded fkm the found-
ation of the Government, and lias been con-
ceded in this argument up to this moment, so
far as 1 know, that that right does belong to the
States. Further than that, the fourteenth arti-
cle, the amendment of the Constitution, which
we insist shall be made part of the Constitu-
tion, distinctly recognizes that this power does
belong to the States, and provides that if it
shall be so exercised by any of the States as
to exclude any race of men from the right of
suffrage, they shall not bo counted in the basis
of representation.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator will
allow me to interpose here for just one moment.
It is not iriy purpose to interrupt him, but to
make a suggestion. I take it that it the right
to regulate suffrage, exclusive of all other
authority, is to be derived from the Constitu-
tion at all, fixed in the States, it is under the
tenth article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution, which says that " the powers not dele-
gated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the Stales respectively or to the people." I
suppose that to be the clause, if any, under
which this power abides in the States.
Mr. MOliTON. That clause will cover it;
but there is another in which the right to vote
for members of Congress is expressly refused
to the electors who have the right to vote for
members of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature in each State, and under that
it has been conceded from the foundation of
this Government that the States had the right
to control suffrage.
Mr. DRAKE. And yet as this is not man-
datorily fixed in that people with an express .
prohibition against their alienating the right at
all to any extent, my position is, not that they
have not the right, but that they may by com-
pact alienate it in part or in whole.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall not
allow myself to bo turned aside to-night to dis-
cuss the question whether, under the Constitu-
tion, the States have the right to control sui-
