1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3765
mitted thefollowingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Revolved, that the Presidcntbe requested to instruct
tlio mimsterol t e United.States to tiie Sublime Porte
to ur.e up n i tie Government of the Sutlan the abo-
lition of all rest! ictinn ami chargcs upoti the passage
of vessels ot war ana commerce throusrh the Straits
of the Dardanelles and Bospeorus to the Black Sea,
and to endeavor to procure the perfect freedom of nav-
igation through those straits to all classes of vessels.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and, on motion
of Mr. Garfield, referred to the Committee on
Military Affair,-:,:
"Whereas a large number of soldiers entered the
service lor the tertn of three years and were mustered
out with their regiments by general orders on account
of expiration ol their term of service, the muster-
out taking place a lew days short of the three full
years and the pay department rules that under
existing laws such persons are not entitled to the
SlOil additional bounty, but only entitled to the fiity
dollars additional bounty; and whereas there are
stoppages ot the payment of additional bounty 111
many cases for the reason that at some time during
theii seiviee entries of desertion appear on the rolls
against the applicant though there has been no trial
or conviction and the soldier has faithfully served
out his time and received an honorable discharge;
and whereas the act of Congress of February 21,18(38,
does not allow the heirs ot discharged soldiers the
additional bounty if the soldier died prior to the act
of July '26, 1S88; and whereas soldiers enlisting in
18(31 and subsequently, who were discharged before
serving two years on account of disabilities con-
tracted in the service, received 110 original bounty
and aie notal'owed additional bounty ; anil whereas
soldiers who enlisted in 1861, 18t>J, and 18G3 for three
years, and served over twoycars, andwercdischarged
to accept promotion, having received the original
bounty are now not entitled to any additional bounty;
Thereloie
Be it revolved, That the Committee on Military
Alfaiis be huiuby instructed to investigate these sev-
eral a^ove-named subjects of alleged inequalities of
the law touching bounties, and it corrections are
necessary to the full and equal disposition of justice
to all concerned, to report to this House for its action
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer a joint resolution.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I object.
VACANCIES IN EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back with an amendment in the form of a
substitute, a bill (S. No. 352) to authorize the
temporary supplying of vacancies in the Exec-
utive Department.
The substitute was read. It provides in the
first section that in case of the death, resig-
nation, absence or sickness of the head of any
Kxecutive Department of the Government,
the first or sole assistant thereof shall, unless
otherwise directed by the President of the
United States as subsequently provided, per-
form the duties of such head until a successor
be appointed or such absence or sickness shall
cease.
'i be second section provides that in case of
the death, resignation, absence, or sickness of
the chief of any bureau, or of any officer
tliereof whose appointment is not in the head
of an executive Department, the deputy of
such chief or of such officer, or if there be no
deputy, then the chief clerk of such bureau,
shall, unless otherwise directed by the Presi-
dent of the United States as subsequently pro-
vided, perform the duties of such chief or of
such officer until a successor be appointed or
sueh absence or sickness shall cease.
The third section provides that in any of the
cases before mentioned it shall be lawful for
the President of the United States, in his dis-
cretion, to authorize and direct the head of
any other executive Department, or other offi-
cer in either of those Departments, whose ap-
pointment is, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, vested in the President, to
perform the duties of the vacant office until the
appointment of a successor, or until the sick-
ness or absence of the incumbent shall cease.
Bui, nothing in this act is to authorize such
supplying of a vacancy for a longer period
than ten days when such vacancy shall have
been occasioned by death or resignation ; and
the officer so performing the duties of the office
temporarily vacant is not to be entitled to
extra compensation therefor.
The fourth section provides for the repeal
of all laws inconsistent with the provisions of
this act and of all acts heretofore passed on
the subject of temporarily supplying vacancies
in the Executive Departments, or which em-
power the President to authorize any person
or persons to perform the duties of the head
of any executive Department or of any officer
in eitherof the Departments in case of vacancy
therein or inability of such head of a Depart-
ment or officer to discharge the duties of his
office.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill
was reported by order of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. It relates to appointments by the
President ad interim, and limits those appoint-
ments to ten days, but provides, whenever
there is a vacancy in the secretaryship of any
of the Departments or in the headship of any
of the bureaus by operation of law, that then
the person next in office shall take charge and
perform the duties ; in case of the Secretary,
the Assistant Secretary, or in case of the head
of a bureau, the chief clerk. The power of
the President to appoint a person ad interim
is limited to ten days. If he desires to fill the
vacancy he can send in the name to the Sen-
ate. The bill we propose as a substitute for
the Senate bill applies to the bureaus in the
various Departments the principle which in
the Senate bill is applied to the Departments.
This is a fair statement of the purport of the
bill; and I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was .ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
tunc, and passed.
Mr. BO U HYELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid 011
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported back
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 818, making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1809, and for other
purposes, with a report; which were referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, made the special order for to-mor-
row after the morning hour, and the report
ordered to be printed.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am not
well, and before leaving the House I desire to
make some arrangement in reference to the
deficiency appropriation bill. I move that its
further consideration be postponed until Fri-
day next. There are two amendments which
I wish to offer. One is the appropriation for
payments to the city of Washington, which was
stricken out because of an obnoxious provis-
ion. I propose to offer that appropriation
again and another amendment, and then let
the bill be postponed until Friday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think we ought to postpone the deficiency
appropriation bill. It can be taken up and
acted on at, an earlier day, and we ought to
get these appropriation bills before committees
of conference as soon as possible. If we do
it this week we will be ready to adjourn at the
end of next week.
One word further. We may as well settle
auother matter here. There were points of
order made 011 two provisos. One was made
by my colleague [Mr. Ingersoll] in regard
to the appropriation to pay for improvements
in the city of Washington. I understand he is
willing to withdraw his objection so that the
proviso shall stand.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do so in view of the
fact that those to whom the money is due are
very much in need of it.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection it
will be considered as pending with the proviso
which was ruled out in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. Then I
a,sk that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] may take up the bill in order that L
may move to suspend the rules for the purpose
of adding that proviso to the bill.
Mr. MOORH.EAD. I cannot yield for that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman will not object. I have con-
sulted the city authorities, aud they agree to
what I have now stated.
Mr. WA.SHBUills E, of Illinois. I will give
notice, then, as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Mooriiead] deliucs to yield, that
I shall, as soon as an opportunity offers, move
to suspend the rules in order to have that
proviso added.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
it will be agreed to after my colleague lias
made his motion.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I move that the rules
be suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, with a view of laying aside every-
thing that has precedence of the tariff bill.
Mr. FxlliNS WORTH. How many bills are
there preceding the tariff bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not counted
them. Gentlemen can see for themselves by
reference to the Calendar.
The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Moorhead, there were—ayes SO, noes 33 ; 110
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Mooriiead, and Wilson of Iowa.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 0-5, noes 80.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of business on the
Calendar of the Committee of the Whole.
meeting 01? congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business ou
the Calendar of the Committee of the Whole
is the bill (IT. R. No. 81) in regard to the
meeting of Congress.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to lay aside that
bill for the purpose of reaching the tariff bill.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Mookiihad, there were—ayes 52, noes 27;
110 quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Moorhead,and WashbdrneoI Illinois.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, noes 22; no quorum voting.
Under the rule the roll was then called, aud
the following members failed to answer to their
names;
Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Baldwin, Barnes, Bainum, Bcatuan, Beek,
Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Bromweli, Brooks, B100111-
ail, Buck land, Burr, Kodenck 11. Butlei, Ctny, Oh tin-
ier. Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Oovode, Dixon,
Dodge, Eekley, Eggleston, Bldiidge, i/erricN Fields,
jb'mney, Fox, Ctelz, Crlos.-'brenner, (jtolhiday, Gravely,
liaight, Malsey, Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Holman,
llotchkiss, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Chester 1>. ilubbaid,
Richard 1>. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones, Kerr,
, Ketehatn. Knott, Lafiin, Lincoln, Marshall, MeCor-
i mick, M< Cuilough, McK.ec, Morteil, Morrissey,
Muugen, Myeis, Sewcouib, Jviblack, Jueholson,
: Numi, Phelps, Polsley, Pruyn, IlanduU, Bobertson,
1 liobinson, lloss, Scotield, Selve, Shellabarger, Sit-
I greaves, Staikweather, Stokes, Taber, Thomas, John
! Tiimble, Lawrence S. Tumble, Van Aeriuan, Van
! Aukcn, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Ward, Wrlker, John
'1'. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward.
The committee then rose ; aud the Speaker
I having resumed the chair, Mr. PomeroT re-
i ported that the Committee of the Whole oa
the state of the Union having had under con-
sideration House bill No. 81, in regard to the
meeting of Congress, and finding itself with-
out a quorum, had directed the roll to be called
; and the names of the absentees to be reported
| to the House.
| The SPEAKER. One hundred and one
| members having answered to their names, be-
I ing one more than a quorum, the committee
i will resume its session without further question.
