1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 7, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. Samuel Osgood, D. D., of
New York. '
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico, in favor of an appro-
priation for the support of school teachers and
the purchase of books for the Navajoe Indians
now held as prisoners at the Bosque Redondo ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
in favor of an appropriation to i,he United States
and Mexican Telegraph Company for the com-
pletion of their telegraph line from the city of
Denver, Colorado, to a point on the Rio Grande
opposite the city of El Paso, New Mexico j
which was referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory o ('New Mexico,
in favor of authorizing the general command-
ing that district to call out two regiments of
volunteers from that Territory to cooperate
with the troops to subdue the Indians; which
was _ referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
_ He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
in favor of the removal of Robert B. Mitchell
from the position of Governor of that Terri-
tory ; which were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, asking that the confirmation of the land
grant of the Rio Grande tract of Taos may be
delivered to Hon. Jose Francisco Chaves, he
being the authorized representative of the
inhabitants in said grant; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lauds.
Ho also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, against the annexation of the mineral
district of Moreno to the Territory of Colorado;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, in favor of a grant of lands for the contin-
uation of the railroad now built three hundred
miles west of the Mississippi river to that
Territory ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
in favor of an appropriation for [he construc-
tion of a wagon road between the city of Santa
F6 and the valley of Taos, in that Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
He also presented a petition of Samuel Red-
field, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Elizabeth Barker,
praying for a pension; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented additional papers in rela-
tion to the claim of Sylvester Nugent, praying
a pension ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee oil Pensions.
He also presented a petition of De Witt C.
Benham, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of loyal Union men, white and colored, in
Pasquotank county, North Carolina, request-
ing the removal of all political disabilities from
John Pool, Esq. It will be remembered that
Mr. Pool, a year or two ago, was, by the per-
sons undertaking to act as the Legislature of
North Carolina at that time, chosen to the
1717
Senate of the United States. I move the ref-
erence of this petition to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
James D. Whelpley and Jacob J. Storer for a
detail of engineers to examine into the value
and character of pulverized fuel. They repre-
sent that there is a very important invention
of pulverization of all kinds of fuel, by means
of which fine fuel can be used for the making
of steam j that this has great practical and
economical advantages ; that it produces a
much larger amount of steam from the same
fire and steam generating surface; that there
is a large increase of the value of the coal as
at present brought to market; that there is a
full and complete utilization of the waste or
slack coal of the country, amounting at least
to seven million tons per annum, which is
now practically useless; and also the utiliza-
tion of inferior coals and coal containing sul-
phur, and setting forth the value of this in-
vention. They ask that the Secretary of the
Navy may be authorized to detail a board of
naval engineers, consisting of three engineers-
in-chief and three assistant engineers, to con- '
duct experiments in order to verify these stare- 1
ments. I move the reference of the petition
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial of jour-
neymen cigar-makers, of Maysvillc, Kentucky,
remonstrating against the proposed tax on
cigars; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, praying an appropri-
ation for the removal of the bars in the St.
Croix river ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the removal of
the restrictions to the further entry of public
lands with agricultural college scrip in the
State of Wisconsin : which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, relative to the rights
of American citizens in foreign countries;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the confirma-
tion of title to the unsurveyed islands in the
Wisconsin river ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN" presented insolations of a
meeting of the German Immigration Union of
Cincinnati, Ohio, relative to the treatment of
immigrant passengers during their voyage to
America j which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
citizens of Detroit, Michigan, praying the en-
actment of a law granting pensions to the sur-
viving soldiers of the war of 1812 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of Albert El-
more, collector of customs, in relation to the
proposed increase of pay of inspectors, &c., of
customs j which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WILLEY presentedapetition of citizens
of Texas, praying that 1L 13. Kingsbury may
be relieved from the political disabilities im-
posed by the reconstruction acts ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Stonington, Connecticut, praying the
construction of a harbor of refuge on Block
Island; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented a letter from the Secretary
of War, addressed to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, communicating a report
from General Newton relative to 1 lie removal
of the obstructions in Hell Gate, New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. FERRY presentedapetition of Thomas
Crossley, of Bridgeport, Connecticut, praying
an extension of his patent; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
bills introduced.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 120) for the relief of Major
A. L. Brewer, late a paymaster in the United
States Army; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
42G) for the relief of Thomas Crossley; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, and
ordered to be printed.
governor of idaho territory.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury :
Treasury Department, March 5,1868.
Sir: i have tho honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a resolution of the Senate of February 29.1868, ask-
in? under what law arul ior what reasons tho Secre-
tary of t le Treasuiy withholds from theGoverrior of
Idaho his salary, and to transmit in response a copy
of a report made to the Department upon the sub-
ject by the Comptroller ot the Treasury, together
with certain documents accompanying it. These em-
body all the knowledge possessed by this Department
respecting the subject of the Senate's inquiry.
Very respectfully, it. McCULLOCU,
Secretary of the Trea&ury.
Hon. B. F. "Wade, Premlmt of tho Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that those docu-
ments lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. W1LLTAMS subsequently said: Mr.
President, I will submit a motion to refer the
papers rcccivcd from the Secretary of the
Treasury a few minutes ago, in reference to the
Governor of Idaho Territory, to the Commit-
tee on Territories. In connection with that
motion I ask to have tho papers read, and upon
the motion, with the indulgence of the Senate,
I propose to say a few woids.
The PRESIDENT_?>ro tempore. The papers
will be read, no objection being made.
The Secretary read the papers, as follows;
trf,asciiy Dkpa11tmkxt,
ooml'trollku s offick,
Washington*, March 5, 18(58.
Sir: I hnvethe honor to acknowledge the refer-
ence to this office for repoit of the resolution of tho
Senate of the 2yth ultimo, " That theSecietary of tho
Treasury be requested to inlorm the Senate for what
reasons and under what law he withholds from the
Governor of Idaho Territory his salaiy."
In answer, I have to inform you that, the salary of
the Governor was paid to the 30th ot June, 1867. Be-
foro another quarter's salary became due this ofiice
was advised that Governor Ballard had been sus-
pended by order of the President, as will appear by
the copy of the lcttei of the Secictary of State to him,
bearing date August 28, 1S67, and hereto appended.
Since the date ot that letter the salary of Gov-
ernor Ballard has been withheld, in accordance with
the provisions of the second section of the act of
March 2, 1867, regulating the tenure of civil offices,
and for the fraction of the quarter preceding that
date, foi thcwantol .-athiactuiy evidence of Ihepres-
enee of the Governor m one Territory m the duchaigo
of his official duties.
This morning 1 am furnished with a copy of a com-
munication addressed by the Secretaiy of State to
the President, under date of December 10, 1>>67  in
relation to the case of Governor Bailard, a copy of
winch is hereto appended. Pnor to tliexeeeipt of
this la^t copy this office had no information on tho
subject other than that contained in the letter of
August 2b, 1807.
There now seems to he no good reason for longer
withholding tho salary, if satisfactory evidence be
furnished of the presence of Governor Ballard in the
Territory in the discharge of his official duties.
Iam, very respeotiully, R. W. TAYLOR,
Comptroller.
Hon. II. McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury.
Department of State,
Washington, August 2.1,1867,
Sin: I am directed by the Pi evident to inform you
that your functions as Governor of the Tonitoiy of
Idaho are hereby suspended, and pending such sus-
pension I&aae L. Gibta, E?-q., ha& been designated to
pcriorm tho duties of that office.
I have the honor to be. sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM 11. SEWARD.
David W.Ballard, Esq., Governor of Idaho Territory.
