1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
the resolution because I thought it hardly fair
that the gentleman from Wisconsin should
awn! UiinM'lf of this method of offering two
reMMiuums when the rules allow him to offer
Lm; one.
l'U.> SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyer] can move to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. BOYEil. 1 make that motion, and call
for (he yeas and nays.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, has not the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has; but the House
is ac.irig under the operation of the previous
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative, there being—yeas 28, nays 80,
not voting 79; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos R. Asliley,
Axtctl, Beck, Buyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler,
12ivlrid^e, Getz, Glossbrenner, Grover, Johnson, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall. McCormick, Morgan, Moriissey,
Nicholson, Randall, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Van
Ti ump, and Wood—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Bailey,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beatnan, Benjamin,Benton,
Buijrbam, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, Butler,
Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Culiom, Dawes, Donnelly,
Driggs, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Garfield,
Gravely, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahei W. llubbard,Hun-
ter, lngersoil, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Koontz,
William Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, May-
nard, -UcC irthj-, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Morrell,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perliain, Peters, Pike,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Schenck, Seofield,
Spalding. Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Twieiiell, lipsou, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Windom—80.
>.'01' VOTING— Messrs. Ames. James M. Ashley,
Barnes, Barnum, Blaine, Blair, Bromwell, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Dixon, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston, Ferry, Fields, Fin-
ney, Fox, Golladay, Gnswold, Haight, Halsey, Hard-
ing. Hawkins, llisby, Hill, Holuian, Hotchkiss, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard. Hulburd,
Humphrey, Jenckc*, Jones, Ketcham, Kitchen, Laf-
lin, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln. Logan, Mallory,
Marvin, McCuilough, Moore, Moorhead, Mullins,
Mungen, N'ewcomb, Niblack, Nunn, Phelps, Pile,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Uaum, Robertson, Robinson, Saw-
yer, Selye. Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Stewart,
Taber, Taffe, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, Van Wyck, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son, Woodbrulge, and Woodward—79.
So the House refused to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
record my vote.
TheSPEAKER. Underthe rule unanimous
consent cannot be granted for that purpose.
Mr. CHANLER having demanded a divis-
ion, the question recurred on the first branch
of the resolution, as follows :
ifeeofaed, That this House utterly condemns the ;
conduct of Andrew Johnson, acting President of the
United States, for his action in removing that gallant
soldier, Major General P. H. Sheridan, from the com-
mand of tue filch military district.
Mr. CHANLER demanded the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided i
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 27, not voting !
81 ; as follows : j
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, :
Bailey, Baker. Baldwin,-Banks, Beaman, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Bontwell, Buckland, But-
ler, C.ike, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Dawes, Dodge, :
Donnelly, Driggs, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth. Ferriss,
Garheld, Gravely, Harding, lligby, Hooper, Hopkins, ;
Asahel W. Hubbard, Hunter, lngersoil, Jenckes,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Koontz, William Law- ;
rence.Loan, Logan,Loughridge,Maynard,McCarthy, i
McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Plants, Polsley, I
Price. Kaum, Schenck, Starkweather. Aaron F. Ste- j
vens. Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, j
Twichell, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cad- I
walader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne. Henry
D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson.and Windom—79.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler. Eldridge, Getz, I
Glossbrenner, Grover, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Mar-
shall, Morgan, Morrissey, Nicholson, Pruyn, Randall, !
Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Van Trump, and Wood—27. |
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James <
M. Ashley,Barnes, Barnum,Blair,Bromwell, Broom-
all, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,,
Covode, Cullom, Dixon, Eckley, Eggleston, Ferry,
Fields, Finney, Fox, Golladay, Griswold, Haight,
Ilals?y, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Hotchkiss, Chester
1). Hubbard, llichard J). Hubbard, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Jones, iAteham, Kitchon, Laflin. George V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Mc-
Cormick, MeOullough. Moore, Moorhead, Mullins,
Munsen, Nowcorab, Niblack, rsunn, Phelps, Pile,
William B. Washburn, Wclkcr, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, JamesF. Wilson, JohnT.W Uson,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—81.
So the first branch of the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question next recurred on the second
division of the resolution, as follows :
" And that the thanks of this House are due to
General U. S. Grant, commanding the armies of the
United States, for his letter of August last addressed
to the said acting President in relation to the re-
moval of Hon. E. M. Sta-nton and of General Sheri-
dan, as well as for his indorsement on a letter of
General Sheridan, dated January 5, 1&>7, in relation
to matters in Texas."
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 23, not voting
82; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Bailey, Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Butler,Cake,Cary, Cobb, Cullom. Dawes, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Ela. Elipt, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Garfield, Gravelv, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Hunter, lngersoil, Jenckes, Judd, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Kelsey, Koontz, William Lawrence,
Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Morrell, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Poland,
Polsley.Price, Raum, Schenck, Seofield, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Robert T, Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B,
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beck, Boyer, Burr,
Chanler,Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrenner, Grqver, Hard-
ing, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Morgan,
Morrissey, Nicholson, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Sit-
greaves, find Van Trump—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Amos, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Barnes, Barnum, Benjamin,Blair, Bromwell,
Brooks,Churchill, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Dixon. Eckley,
Eggleston, Ferry, Fields, Kinney, Fox, Golladay,
Griswold, H.iight, Halsey, Hawkins, Hill. Holman,
Hotchkiss. Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd. Humphrey, Johnson,Jones, Ketch am,
Kitchen, Laflin, George V. Lawrence. Lincoln, Mal-
lory, Marvin, McCailough, Moore, Moorhead, Mul-
lins, Mungen, Newcomb, Niblack, Nunn, Phelps,
Pile, Plants, Pomeroy. Robertson, Robinson, Saw-
yer, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taffe,
Thomas, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, Wood,
Woodbridee, and Woodward—82.
So the second branch of the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF INDIAN SERVICE.
The SPEAKER, the morning hour having
expired, laid before the House a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting a tabular statement of the disburse-
ments for contingent and miscellaneous pur-
poses for the Indian service for the year
ending June 30, 1867; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations and ordered
to be printed.
DUTY ON CORKS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a communication from the Uni-
ted States consul at Barcelona relating to the
export of corks from that port, and recom-
mending a specific instead of ad valorem duties
on corks; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
TAXATION OF NEGROES IN KENTUCKY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Commissioner of
the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,and Aban-
doned Lands, transmitting a petition of colored
people of Kentucky complaining of unjust tax-
ation by the State authorities; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Freedmen's Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed,
RESOLUTION'S OF NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the Legislature of New Mexico,
relating to and endorsing the conduct of Gen-
eral Heath, the Secretary of the Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
l ritories, and ordered to be printed.
' CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
j The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional evidence in the contested-election
; cases from the first district of Tennessee and
! the ninth district of Kentucky; which was
; referred to the Committee of Elections.
I EXPENSES OF INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
: a letter from the Clerk of the House in response
to a resolution of the House in regard to the
expenses of investigating committees ; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
TheSPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
331) to facilitate the payment of soldiers' boun-
ties under the act of 1866, reported from the
select committee on Soldiers' and Sailors'
Bounties, and postponed to this day ; upon
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wash-
burn] is entitled to the floor.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion ; I desire to enter a motion to reconsider
the vote by which a resolution offered by me
on the last day the House was in session in
regard to the discharge of employes in the
navy-yards was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
VESSELS IN TOE NAVY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Indiana to give way to me to
offer a resolution calling for some information.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I yield for
that purpose.
Mr.  Yv ASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and adopted;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
directed to communicate to this House the following
information:
First. The number and names of all the vessels
belonging to and connected with the Navy Depart-
ment on the 1st day of April, 1861.
Second. The number ot vessels built by and for the
Government fy the Navy Department since April
1,18t51, the names and tonnage and number of guns
of such vessels, when built, where built, by whom
built, and the cost ot each vessel.
Third. The number and names of all vessels of
every description and the tonnage of each vessel
purchased by and for the Government for said Navy
Department since April 1, 1861, when and where
purchased, by whom purchased, theamount paid for
such vessels, the amount of commissions paid on such
purchases and to whom, how many of such vessels
have been lost or destroyed, and how many of them
have been sold, and the names of those sold, when
sold, to whom sold,and whether at public or private
sale, and for how much sold, and the names of par-
ties selling them or in any way connected with suoh
gala, and how many of said vessels, and the names
and tonnage thereof, remain unsold,and where such
unsold vessels now are, and what is the use to which
they have been put.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. WARD. I desire to call the'attention
of the House to a subject, and I will submit a
letter from a respectable and reliable constitu-
ent of mine, and ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Hornellsville, New York, January 2,18<38.
Dear Sir: You will recollect of giving me the in-
closed letter to Hon. Francis Adams, United State#
minister, (?) ice., at the Court of St. James.
