334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Supposing that I should have all the protection of
any other American citizen, I last month visited my
nativo land, Ireland. I was arrested by the officials
of the British Government, and when brought before
a local magistrate—a Mr. Fleming, of the city of
Naas, county Tipperary—I produced the inclosed !
letter from yourself to Mr. Adams, sujiposing that it
would be some evidence that I was entitled to pome
privileeos as an American citizen. The magistrate
treated the letter with contempt, threw back the
letter and said that it was of no importance, and
amounted to nothing, and was entitled to no respect
whatever. I was committed to prison for one day
and one night, and was then only released by my
the country at once, without having any
opportunity to transact the business for which 1
leaving
undertook this longand somewhat expensive journey,
How long have we Americans to endure these out-
rages and insults? The mere fact of ay being an
Irishman was not worse for me than if I had been a
native-born " Yankee," for I know of two instances
where native Americans were similarly treated. WT ill
our Government take any action upon this matter?
I write to inform you of my case, and being one of
your constituents and supporters I claim a right to
I am, yours, truly, DAVID FITZGERALD.
Hon. Hamilton Ward, M. C.. Twenty-Seventh Dis-
trict New York.
Mr. WARD. I will now ask to have read
in this connection another letter, which I send
up to the Clerk's desk. And I will say to the 1
House that after this letter has been read I
will ask the privilege of submitting a few re-
marks preparatory to submitting a resolution
which 1 desire to offer.
The letter was read, as follows:
Belmont, New York, November 25,1867.
Dear Sir : The bearer, Mr. Daniel Fitzgerald, is
an American citizen and a constituent of mine, is a
worthy person, and desires to visit hisnativecountry,
Ireland, for the purpose of visiting his friends. I
hope if ho has any difficulty that he will receive the
full protection due to an American citizen.
No feara need be entertained of his having any !
hostile intentions toward the Government of Great i
Britain. |
Kespectfully, yours, i
HAMILTON WARD,
Member of Congress, Twenty-Seventh District,
New York.
Bon. Charles Francis Adams, Minister, <£-c„ London.
Mr. WARD. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement on this subject.
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. WARD. For five minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. WARD. I had supposed when these
arrests of American citizens on British soil first
came to our knowledge that they were confined
to that class of our citizens who had gone to
Great Britain and Ireland for the purpose of
redressing in some manner the grievances to
which the Irish people have been subjected by
the Government of. Great Britain for so many
centuries, and to wrest in some manner from
that mighty empire the concession of those
rights which belong to the people of Ireland
and of which they have been so unjustly de-
prived. But I am satisfied, from all 1 can
gather, that no citizen of this country, native
born or naturalized, who is not prominently
known, can go to Great Britain owlreland with-
out being subjected to arrest and imprisonment,
to being thrust, like any common malefactor,
into a prison and kept there as long as the
sovereign pleasure of some contemptible Brit-
ish official may decree. I am satisfied that there
are native as well as foreign born citizens of
this country now in those dungeons who are
not legally charged with any crime and against
■whom there is not a scintilla of evidence.
Take the case of the person to whom the
letters relate which I have caused to be read.
A citizen of this country goes to Ireland to
visit his kindred. He takes with him a letter
from his member of Congress to the resident
minister of his Government certifying to his
respectability and his peaceful intentions.^ He
is arrested upon his arrival there, put in prison,
kept there a day and night, and released only
upon the condition that he will at once return
to this country and leave unaccomplished the
object of his visit.
Now, I think it is time that we should take
up this subject in an earnest manner; that
there should be some action upon this matter
which will let the British Government under-
stand that it can no longer with impunity inflict
•uch outrages upon American citizens. More
than half a century ago, when we were weak,
we chastised this insolent Power and brought
it to its knees because of similar treatment of
our citizens. Now, when we are strong, when
our influence pervades the whole earth, when
we are the foremost Power of the world, I ask
this House are these outrages longer to be sub-
mitted to? Sir, we had better imitate the ex-
ample of Great Britain in this regard. A bar-
barian prince puts two or three British subjects
in prison; straightway all England is excited,
and a fleet and an army are sent to Abyssinia
to chastise the barbarian for his conduct; yet
in regard to the treatment of American citi-
zens by Great Britain .nothing is done but the
offering of resolutions and protests. '
I hope this subject will now be taken up in
earnest, and that something will be done at
once. Similar resolutions to the one I pro-
pose to offer have already been referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs; but I believe
that committee have not been empowered by
any resolution of this House to send for per-
sons and papers. While I ain opposed, as a
general thing, to the expense of committees
sending for witnesses, still I think they had
better have that privilege in this case. I there-
fore ask leave to submit the following resolution
for action at this time: I
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be requested to investigate the matter of the arrest !
and imprisonment of David Fitzgerald, an American j
citizen, by the British authorities, and the arrest and ;
imprisonment or other maltreatment by said authori-
ties of any other American citizen whoso case shall
come to the knowledge of said committee; and that
said committee report by bill or otherwise with all
convenient speed, and that they have power to send
for persons and papers.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of the resolution?
Mr. SPALDING. I object, unless the gen-
tleman will strike out the clause proposing to
give the committee power to send for persons
and papers.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to know whether
or not that clause will give the committee
power to send for the queen of Great Britain.
[Laughter.] If so, I object.
Mr. WARD. As there is objection to the
clause proposing to empower the committee
to send for persons and papers I modify the
resolution by striking out that clause.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
EIGHT-HOCR SYSTEM OF LABOR.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill constituting eight hours a day's
work for aH laborers, workmen, and mechanics
employed by or on behalf of the Government
of the United States.
I desire that the House shall consider this
bill at this time. It is precisely similar to a
bill which was considered by the Committee
on the Judiciary at the last session and was
passed in this House by a nearly unanimous
vote. Inasmuch as there is great distress
among the workingmen of the country I hope
the House will consent to consider the bill at
the present time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported
at length, after which there will be an opportu-
nity for any gentleman to object.
The bill, which was read, provides that eight
hours shall constitute a day's work for all
laborers, workmen, and mechanics now em-
ployed, or who may hereafter be employed,
by or on behalf of the Government of the
United States, and that all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with this act be repealed. .
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of the bill?
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended to permit the introduction of the bill.
Mr. BAKER. Is it in order for me to make
a single remark?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
Mr. BAKER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to withdraw the motion that I
may have an opportunity to make a single
remark.
Mr. BANKS. If the rules be suspended 1
will, if the House deem it necessary, assent
to the reference of the bill to the committee
of which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Baker] is chairman.
Mr. BAKER. I merely wish to say that
this subject is now before the Committee on
Education and Labor, and will, in my judg-
ment, be acted on and reported one way or
the other inside of two or three weeks. I
have heretofore indicated to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] that it is a
matter of entire indifference to me as to what
course 
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw my objection
to the introduction of the bill. I suppose the
gentleman frotp Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
has now accomplished his object.
The SPEAKER. The objection being with-
drawn the bill is before the House.
The bill (H. R. No. 365) was read the first
and second time.
Mr. BANKS. I do not suppose it is neces-
sary to discuss the bill at all. I presume it is
understood.
Mr. BAKER. I ask the gentleman to per-
mit me to finish my statement.
•Mr. BANKS. 1 will do so.
Mr. BAKER. I was about to say that I
have indicated very frankly and candidly
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] that to me it is personally a matter of
entire indifference whether this measure be
informally introduced and passed or proceed
from the Committee on Education and Labor,
which now has the subject in charge. Upon
consultation with most of the members of the
committee I find that in their view it would be
more appropriate to have the bill reported
from the committee after being submitted to
their consideration.
It is a matter of some moment, affecting
material interests seriously, and the general
sense of gentlemen of the committee with
whom I have conversed is that it would be more
appropriate, more consonant with proper legis-
lation, to submit such a measure first to the
consideration of the committee.
And now, havingsaid this, ray own judgment,
aside from the personal indifference alluded to,
is that this would be the better course. That
is all I have to say. The House can do what it
pleases. I am myself favorable to the measure.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I presume the de-
sire to act on this resolution at this time arises
from the recent discharge of- workmen in the
various Government navy-yards. I suppose,
though I do not know what the object of the
gentleman from Massachusetts may be, this
consideration may have largely entered into the
introduction of the resolution at this time. The
House at an early day of the session passed a
resolution expressing the judgment ofthe House
in reference to proceeding further in relation to
building and equipping ships of war, and it is
said, acting partly on that and partly for other
reasons, the Department has discharged a por-
tion of the workmen in the navy-yards. It is
a matter which has excited some comment in
the neighborhoods where the navy-yards are
established and produced some action in this
House. I notice that during my absence a
gentleman from the district of Philadelphia,
[Mr. Randall,] where the navy-yard there is
located, introduced and had referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs a resolution pro-
posing to suspend action under the resolution
to which I have referred.
Mr. RANDALL. Let me explain. It
merely provided that these laboring men should
not be discharged during the winter months.
Mr. PIKE. That is to interpret that the
resolution means nothing. I wish simply to
say to the House that if this passes it will affect
a force of nearly ten thousand in the navy-yards.
There were in the various navy yards about
that number employed before the recent reduc-
tions.
In my judgment, Mr. Speaker, formed after
some examination of the matter, there is no
need of more than one half of that force in
