2742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
June 1,
frage. I have taken that for granted for a long
time.
Mi*. 13K.AKE. I take it for granted, too.
Mr. MORTON. 11'that be taken for granted,
I think it is the end of the question ; but I will
go a little further. My friend from Missouri
puts it on the ground of conquered territory,
and he says if we take any other ground our
reconstruction acts would be invalid. He says
that this is conquered territory, and we have a
right to prescribe the conditions. Mr. Presi-
dent, suppose that we now consider this ques-
tion for a moment on the ground that we are
dealing with conquered territory. We have
not acted upon that theory, but let us suppose
now that that is the true theory. Suppose that
we had acquired this territory by conquest, and
not by purchase or discovery ; when we come
to admit the conquered territory into the Union
it is immaterial how it was acquired, whether
by conquest, by purchase, or by discovery. We
are about to make States of it, and the ques-
tion of the method of acquisition is wholly
unimportant. When it comes into the Union
as a State it must have the rights of a State,
and its people must possess the rights and
privileges of the people of every other State
according to the express terms of the Consti-
tution.
My friend says what is the equality of the
States? He does not recognize any such thing.
Why, Mr. President, what is the equality of
men ? It is not that all men are equally intel-
ligent or equally vigorous, physically or intel-
lectually, or are of the same size; but it isthat
they have the same rights before the law; and
the equality of the States is that each State of
the Union has the same right to do any one
thing that any other State has the right to do.
That is all it, means. Their constitutions may
not be alike; they may be widely different;
hut they have the power to make them all alike
or to make them unlike. Men having equal
rights, they do not all act in the same way, but
they have equal rights before the law; and the
constitution i$ the law to the States. As I had
occasion to say tbo other day, we have no right
to alienate our natural rights as men; our life,
our liberty, our right to our family or the pur-
suit of property; and any contract we make
to that effect is invalid. That has been a fund-
amental doctrine in this country for over one
hundred years, and it is now received by lib-
eral men throughout the world, 1 believe.
Neither has a State the right to alienate a right
which that State has as a State under the Con-
stitution of the United States. The doctrine
that the present generation, for its own con-
venience or its imaginary interest, has the right
to alienate against all coming generations, a
right which a State possesses under the Con-
stitution is absurd, and is contrary to the whole
theory of the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has not a State a right
under the Constitution to impose taxes upon
its inhabitants, and may it not alienate the
right to tax in a particular case or a particular
class of cases?
Mr. MORTON. I was about to come to
that. The whole class of eases referred to by
the distinguished Senator the other day, in the
discussion of this question, have no bearing on
the present case. Why ? The right of a State
to make contracts is not denied, but it cannot
make contracts in reference to its political
rights. It may alienate property. The ques-
tion of taxation is within the control of the
Legislature of the State, and a State may make
a contract with another State, with the General
• Government, or with a private person, by which
it may alienate property, a piece of real estate
that it has, for all time to come. That is a
necessary part of alienation. You cannot sell
your property unless you sell it against your
heirs and all coming generations. And a State
may make a contract in reference to the taxa-
tion of that property; but I ask if that is a
parallel case to these things that go to the very
foundation and constitution of government, as
the right to control suffrage does a political
right going to the very formation and creation
and sustentation of government itself?
There is no comparison between the two,
and the Supreme Couit of the United States,
in the judgment read by the honorable Sena-
tor lioiu Maryland, while it admits that the
decisions in regard to taxation are valid, yet
draws a broad distinction between that and
the class of eases that I referred to, and says
that it is in the very nature of this Government
that a State cannot be stripped of any of its
powers by which it shall come into the Union
inferior to any other State. One State can
come in stripped of its right, according to the
Senator from Missouri, to send Senators:
another new State, Montana, for example,
conies in and we say to it, " You shall not have
representation ; you will not have enough peo-
ple to send a member of Congress for years to
come ; therefore you shall wait live or ten
years before you send a Representative to the
other House." They agree to it, and they are
stripped of a fundamental right that belongs to
a State according to the Constitution of the
United States, and gentlemen say it is valid.
Sir, 1 say that that theory will destroy this
Government; destroy the equality of the States.
Here are a collection of States, one having
these rights, another having those, and a third
having still different rights, having parted with
this, that, and the other thing to suit the con-
venience or whims of Congress or the men
who happen to be in power in the State or
Territory at the time. The symmetry of the
Government is gone ; the theory of it is gone ;
and although this legislation maybe harmless,
as intimated by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] I am not prepared to enact harm-
less legislation of such a serious character.
These conditions may fall, as they will do.
Having no vitality, having no power of en-
forcement, they will fall dead letters from the
beginning ; but they will form precedents for
far more dangerous invasions of the powers
of the States in time to come, and the matter
is too grave and serious to be trifled with in
this way, to say merely that it will do no harm.
You may say that of any unconstitutional prop-
osition, as the Senator from New York [Mr.
Coxklinu] suggests, because being unconstitu-
tional il will lull to the ground.
Mr. President, 1 have shown by my political
life and by my works, I think, that 1 am an
inveterate enemy of the blood-stained doctrine
of State sovereignty; but while I hate that as
being fraught with so much misery and ruin
to our country, I still recognize the doctrine
of State rights. There are rights that belong
to the States, secured by the same Constitu-
tion that secures the rights of this Government,
and therefore they are equally sacred. The
States have their rights recognized by the
Constitution of the United States as clearly
and distinctly as that Constitution builds up
this Government; and to the same extent, by
the same power that sustains this Government,
those rights are to be sustained. We cannot,
we dare not, trample upon thein. It was the
abuse of the doctrine of States rights that led
to the doctrine of State sovereignty; and it
will be another abuse if we run to the other
extreme, and say that the States have no
rights which cannot be taken away by an act
of Congress, or taken away by a compact, and
a compact with a Legislature elected upon no
such question, elected under a constitution not
yet in force, and which would-have to vote at
a time when they have no constitutional power
of any kind. A mere Legislature to make an
agreement by which a State for all time is to
be deprived of a right that is secured by the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean to say they
have no constitutional power of any kind now?
Mr. MORTON. These Legislatures? I do,
sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that be so, how can
they agree to the fourteenth article, which is
made the ground of their admission?
Mr. MORTON. I can answer that question.
If these State governments now have constitu-
tional rights they do not depend upon recogni-
tion by this Government. We have put their
existence upon the acceptance of the State
governments in each State by the Congress of
the United States. Will you deny it? Will
my iriend insist that these State governments
have become valid and constitutional without
the acceptance of Congress? If he' does, he
must repudiate the reconstruction acts them-
selves, which provide expressly that they mij^t
first be accepted by the Congress of the U nited
States. „ T ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
insist on anything of the kind. I was asking
my friend how, if these are not constitutional
Legislatures, they can agree to the fourteenth
article?
Mr. MORTON. I will tell the gentleman
just how that is. When Nebraska came in as
a State we first authorized by act of Congress
her people to meet and form a constitution and
State government. She went on and elected
Senators of the United States. That election
was invalid at the time, but that election was
validated by the subsequent acceptance of that
State government and receiving her into the
Union. And now, when we shall accept these
States, receive these State governments, and
they come back into full fellowship and power
in the Union, that act relates back and covers
their ratification of the constitutional amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. The case is stronger,
because we have said expressly here by the
enabling act that they might do it.
Mr. MORTON. So we have; but that is
the history of all the Territories.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit me
to say that I agree to that; and if that be so,
I do not see why, so far as that particular
point is concerned, we cannot also validate
their act in agreeing to this fundamental con-
dition.
Mr. MORTON. That brings me right back
to my friend's argument on Friday last. I
asked him the question then whether a State
Legislature could make a fundamental condi-
tion binding on the people of that State for ail
time. He said that it could not in regard to a
State already in the Union, but thatit might be
done by the Legi'siattire of a State that w as not
yet received, but afterward came and continued
in the exercise of its rights under the consti-
tution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the line of rea-
soning you have now adopted.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; on the contrary I
insist that the Legislature of a State—whether
the State is as old as New York, as joung as
Nebraska, or is not yet admitted—has no power
to make a fundamental condition any more
than a State Legislature has power to make a
constitution. What is our theory ? That con-
stitutional law is fundamental law. and there-
fore it is not to be made by State Legislatures,
but to be made by the people in their primary
capacity, their constitutional conventions, and
afterward again to be ratified by the people at
the polls. That is the way a constitution is to
be made. Now. I should like to ask a question
on the other side, as I have had a great many
put to me. Suppose the State of Arkansas had
put a provision in her constitution to the effect
that it should never in any respect be amended,
and the people of the present day met at the
polls and ratified that, would that be binding
on the people ten years hence, or upon the
next generation, or one year hence? They
have, we will suppose, provided and ratified it
solemnly at the polls that the constitution
shall never be amended. I say it is not biud-
ing on that. State for one moment.
They have a right to meet the very next
month in constitutional convention and change
it, bccause it is part of the fundatnenral prin-
ciples of this Government, declared in the
Declaration of Independence, that the people
have a right to meet irons time to time and
i alter or amend their constitution or form of
