1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ma,rejh 7,
Department of State,
Washington, December 10,1867.
To the President :
Tho Secretary of State has the honor to report that
on tho 2Sth of August last, during the recess of tho
Senate, tho President, upon examining what then
appeared to bo sufficient evidence filed in the Depart-
ment of State, directed the suspension from offieo of
David W. ]iallarcl, Esq., Governor of tho Territory
of Idaho, and the designation of Isaac L. Gibbs, Esq.,
toperform temporarily the duties of that office. A
commission was accordingly made out for Mr. Gibbs
and a letter prepared to be transmitted to Mr. Bal-
lard informing him of his suspension. Before such
commission was issued orsigned tho Presidentdoter-
mined to revoke his prior determination and to con-
tinue Governor Ballard in the duties of his office.
The commission of Mr. Gibbs was not issued, but by
a clerical error the letter containing notioo of sus-
pension was mailed to Mr. Ballard.
This fact having escaped attontion, no letter of
revocation was addressed to Governor Ballard. No
notice was given to Mr. Gibbs of his designation to
perform tho duties of the office of Governor ot Idaho,
nor did he enter upon the performance of such duties.
The Secretary of State does not deem it incumbont
upon the President, under the provisions of the act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices, to re-
port to the Senate the evidence upon which he was
led to order the inehoato suspension which was thus
arrested before taking effect. The Secretary of State
has the honor, however, to transmit herewith copies
of all the papers upon tile subject on file in this De-
partment for such use as tho President may deem
proper.
Respectfully submitted,
WILLIAM. II. SEWARD,
Mr. WILLIAMS. Ml-. President, David W.
Ballard, the person named in that communi-
cation, was nominated for Governor of Idaho
Territory, and confirmed on Ihe 10th day of
April, 1806. He was duly commissioned and
entered upon the discharge of the duties of his
office. On the 2d of March, 18G7, one Murphy
was nominated by the President for his suc-
cessor, and that nomination was rejected by the
Senate. Murphy was a Democrat aud Ballard
is a Republican, and I know of no other rea-
son why that changc was proposed. Some time
after that the Administration took the ground
that Ballard was necessarily removed from
office because Murphy had been nominated as
his successor, notwithstanding he was rejected
by the Senate; but after advice from the Attor-
ney General that position was abandoned. Sub-
sequent to that time, and during the recess of
Senate, proceedings took place in reference to
Governor Ballard such as are described in the
communication from the Secretary of State to
the President. Charges were made against Bal-
lard, and an order was-issued by the President
suspending him from office, and designating
a Mr. Gibbs to act in his place. Before the
commission was issued to Gibbs the President
ascertained that the charges were unfounded,
and he reversed the order and refused to issue
any commission to Gibbs. Now, the Secretary
of State says, that through a clerical blunder
in the State Department Governor Ballard.was
notified that he was suspended; but no person
was sent there to take the ollice, and of course
Governor Ballard was bound to continue in the
performance of his duties. Moreover, this
communication from the Secretary of State says
that he did not consider that it was necessary
for the President to transmit to the Senate the
reasons for Ballard's suspension, because it
was altogether inchoate and had never taken
effect.
Now, sir, this pretended suspension took
place on the 28th of August. Since that time
the Administration has refused to pay Gov-
ernor Ballard his salary or the expenses of his
office, pretending that lie was suspended under
the tenure-of-office act. He was either sus-
pended or not suspended. If he was suspended,
then the President has violated the tenure-of-
office act in not transmitting to the Senate, as
required by that act, the reasons for his sus-
pension ; and if he was not suspended, then
there has been a gross and palpable violation
of law in denying to him his salary and the
expenses of his office.
I wish to say, sir, that I went to the Treas-
ury Department to inquire why Governor Bal-
lard was not paid his salary, and I was told there
that he was suspended from office, and, there-
fore, could not receive his salary. I protested
that he was not suspended, and one of the
Treasury officials told me he would correspond
with the Secretary of State upon that subject.
Subsequent to that time, and not long ago, I
went to the Treasury again to ascertain if the
Department had decided upon that question,
and I was told by the same official that he
had been to the State Department in person,
and was there informed that Governor Ballard
was suspended, and that there had been no
revocation of that suspension; and on that sole
ground they refused to pay him his salary or
the expenses of his office. Since tlie 28th of
August, notwithstanding there has been no
suspension whatever, as this report from the
Secretary of State shows, the Administration
has refused to pay Governor Ballard his salary
and the expenses of his office—for the reason,
as I believe, that he is a Republican, and the
Senate would not cousent to expel him from
office to make room for a Democrat—attempt-
ing in this way to compel him to resign or drive
him out of office.
Since the 28th of August Governor Ballard,
who is ex officio superintendent of Indian
affairs, proceeded in the performance of his
duty to make contracts to supply the Indians
and furnish them with subsistence, and citizens
of Idaho Territory sold to the Government
articles in accordance with those contracts,
which contracts were forwarded to the Interior
Department for approval. They were promptly
repudiated and returned to him, upon the sole
ground, as they say in the Department, that
he was suspended from office. And so he was
crippled and thwarted in the performance of
his duty and the people who had furnished
these articles deprived of their pay.
During tho month of April one year ago
there was a treaty ratified with the Nez Perces
Indians, the stipulations of which were to be
performed within one year, and the expendi-
ture of the money would, of course, devolve
upon the superintendent of Indian affairs in
that Territory. But, sir, the Administration
has refused in every respect to perform the
stipulations of that treaty, and the year is now
nearly expired. The rights of those Indians
have been outraged aud the peace and safety
of the people in that Territory have been en-
dangered becubse the Interior Department has
assumed, and persisted in the assumption, that
Governor Ballard was suspended from office.
I have taken some interest in the welfare of
tho people of Idaho Territory and in the
efficient discharge of the duties of his office by
the Governor; but it has been impossible
for me to obtain any satisfaction whatever
from these Departments, and it has become
necessary to bring the subject to the attention
of the Senate. And now the Treasury De-
partment says that there is no further necessity
for withholding his salary whenever there is
satisfactory evidence that he is in the Territory.
The papers have been filed there containing
that proof, and I filed them with my own hands.
That is an afterthought and a shallow pre-
tense. Nothing of the kind was pretended to
me when I was at the Department, and it is
only put in to break the force of tho exposure
which the papers just read necessarily make.
I want to know, sir, if, where a Democrat
is nominated in the place of a Republican and
tho Senate refuses to consent to the nomina-
tion, the Administration can drive that Repub-
lican out of office by refusing to pay him liis
salary and denying to him the necessary funds to
enable him to perform his duties. That, sir, is
what I want to know, and with that view I offered
this resolution, and hope that it may go with
the accompanying papers to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
of which I have tho honor to be one, have had
for a long time under consideration questions
involving the one raised by the introduction of
the resolution that called forth these papers.
It is certainly very important that some action
should be taken to determine the exact .status
of Governor Ballard with a view to the ap-
pointment, of his successor, if there is a vacancy.
1 am aware how difficult it is under the most
favorable circumstances to perform the office
of Governor of that Territory; but one thing is
certain, that since the suspension of Governor
Ballard things in that Territory have gone as
they must necessarily go from the fact of the
uncertainty existing in regard to his status.
My object in rising was principally to say
that I should like to have a direct expression
of the Senate upon the question of whether
there exists a vacancy or not, and I suppose I
shall not be betraying any of the secrets of the
committee to which I belong when I say that
the committee entertain doubts in regard to
that question ; and my purpose in rising was,
more than anything else, to secure a reference
of the question to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, so that wo may get direct senatorial
action on the question. I will simply add that,
from the investigation that we have had before
our committee, it is highly important that that
question should be settled, for a Governor with-
out the receipt of his salary is powerless, and
especially a Governor who has to deal with as
difficult a set of inhabitants as savages. Unless
he is enabled to carry out his contracts, not
only is the reputation of his administration
endangered, but the peace and quiet of the
Territory are endangered. I submit to the
honorable Senator that he had better move the
reference of the case to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and let us have direct action upon
it at once.
Mr. FERRY. I must say that, as one
member of the Committee on Territories, I
entertain no doubt whatever on this subject.
I do not think that there is a vacancy in the
office of Governor of the Territory of Idaho.
I think that there has been a persistent per-
secution of the present incumbent in that
office, Governor Ballard. I do not think it
would be advisable to refer such an inquiry to
the Committee on the Judiciary, because the
very reference would aid the Administration in
continuing that persecution. The reference
would imply that there exists a doubt as to
whether there is a vacancy or not, and would,
in a measure, tend to justify the Administration
in continuing to withhold the salary of the
Governor and the necessary funds for the
execution of the duties of his office.
If I understand the report which lias been
read here this morning, all objection now on the
part of any of the Departments to the payment
of that salary and of those funds is at an end,
and from this report we may expect immedi-
ately a resumption of such payment, unless that
resumption shall be prevented by the ex-
pression of a doubt on the part of the Senate
as to the existence of such a vacancy. Enter-
taining no doubt of that kind myself, and be-
lieving, if there were a doubt, the Committee
on Territories is competent to decide it, I
should not favor the reference of the question
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NYli. I am not aware that the refer-
ence which I propose to make would raise any
stronger doubt than the motion to refer to the
Committee on Territories by the Senator from
Oregon. My object simply was to get a direct
immediate decision of the question. In the
present attitude of things as regarded by the
Department, and as it has been before us, I
think there is a doubt upon it, not that I have
any doubt myself particularly, but the Depart-
ment through which the Governor lives and
moves and is supported does entertain doubts,
and the quickest way, as I thought, to dispose
of those doubts would be to have direct action
of this body upon the question. Now, the
more direct action we can have the better, and
I think that the Judiciary Committee would
make a report which would carry with it a
weight and power that the decision of the
Committee on Territories would not. That
committee is presumed to combine, I sup-
pose, most of the legal knowledge of this body,
and therefore its decision would be quite con-
vincing with me. It eertainly is not a ques-
tion that rests alone upon the facts as stated
and the documentary evidence presented ; it
is a question upon which they could report
