1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3767
behalf of settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands
in Kansas, praying that they may be protected
in the. right to acquire a title to the lands they
occupy under the preemption laws of the Uni->
ted Slates.
By Mr. GROVER: The petition of Patrick
Cody, of Louisville, Kentucky, for pension.
By Mr. LAWHENCE, ofPennsylvania: The
petition of citizens of French descent, for the
adoption of the postal system for the trans-
mission of money from the United States to
France.
By Mr LOGAN: Petitions for pensions from
John liines, private company H, twenty-sixth
Illinois volunteers; Joseph Fiedler, sergeant
major Thielrmin's battalion Illinois cavalry;
Andrew J. Cornelison, private company G,
fifty-sixth Illinois volunteers; Edmund H.
Winters, private company A, thirty-first Illi-
nois volunteers.
Also, additional papers in the case ofThomas
Mason, petitioner for pension.
Also, petition for passage of a bill granting
invalid pensions withheld from March 3, 1865,
to June 6, 1866.
Also, the petitions of J. C. Bradley, of Ala-
bama, and George Alcorn, of Mississippi, ask-
ing for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. SAWYEIi: A resolution of the
Board of Regents of the State University of
Wisconsin, relating to officers of the United
States Army detailed for military instruction
in the universities and colleges of the different
States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 7, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 396) for the relief of
Samuel Tibbetts was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 326) for the
relief of Henry B. St. Marie was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of cit-
izens of New York, protesting against the rati-
fication or confirmation by Congress of any
conveyance of any part of the Yosemite valley
by the State of California to individuals; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I present the petition of the
board of regents of the University of Wiscon-
sin, asking for a change of the law so that offi-
cers in the Army detailed for the purpose of
military instruction in the colleges and univer-
sities in different parts of the country may be
allowed, when on that service, the same pay
as when on military duty. I move the refer-
ence of this petition to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia; and I take occa-
sion to say that 1 wish that committee would
attend to the subject, for I think the prayer of
the petition is eminently just.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of per-
sons, former slaves of William D. Y. Downing,
of Louisiana, praying for aid to relieve him from
the deprivations of extreme poverty ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 444) granting lands to the State of Ne-
vada to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Central Pacific
railroad to the Colorado river, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs. L.
T. Potter, submitted a report, accompanied
by a hill (S. No. 593) for the relief of Mrs. L.
T. Potter.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Rebecca C. Meeker, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S No. 597) granting a
pension to Rebecca C. Meeker. The hill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Scott, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
598) for the relief of Mary Scott. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1313) grant-
ing an increase of pension to Sarah Hackle-
man, widow of Brigadier General Pleasant A.
Hackleman, moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 527) for the relief
of the widow of Colonel T. B. Ransom, and
mother of the late brevet Mnjor General T. E.
G. liansom, moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to:
The petition of John II. Finlay ;
The petition of Brevet Lieutenant A. Lieb-
schutz;
Thepetition of Washington J. F. Martin ; and
The petition of Mrs. llehuma Brown.
He also, from the same committee, to -whom
were referred the petition of Lewis John and
the petition of Barney Carney, asked to be
discharged from, their further consideration,
and that they he referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Elizabeth S.
Lathrop and the petiiion of Louisa J. Simp-
son, reported adversely, and moved their indef-
inite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (II.
li. No. 1110) for the registration or enrollment
of certain foreign vessels, reported it without
amendment.
bill recommitted.
On motion of Mr. DRAKE, the bill (H. R.
No. 941) to amend certain acts in relation to
the Navy and Marine corps was recommitted
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
bills introduced.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
599) granting a pension to Mary Pearce ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONICLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 155) regulating representa-
tion in the Electoral College ; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. FESSENDI3N submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to the bill (H.
II. No. 1341) making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
He also submitted an amendment intended
to be proposed to the bill (H. 11. No. 1046)
making appropriations for the repair, pres-
ervation, and completion of certain public
works; which was referred to the Committee
ou Appropriations.
settlement of engineers' accounts.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up House joint reso-
lution No. 154, and put it on its passage. It
is a small matter, but a very important one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of the joint resolution will bo read.
The Chief Ci.eiik. '• A joint resolution
(II. R. No. 154) in relation to the settlement
of the accounts of certain officers and agents
who have disbursed public moneys under the
direction of the chief of engineers."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the joint resolution?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object, until I can hear
it read, as I asked for information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read through.
The Chief Clerk read the joint, resolution.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury in the
settlement of the accounts of Captain George
W. Cullum, Captain James B. McPherson,
Captain Charles E. Blunt, and Lieutenant John
C. Palfrey, of the corps of engineers, to allow
to the credit of Captain Cullum the amount
receipted for to him by Charles H. Bigelow; to
the credit of Captain James B. McPherson
and Captain C. E. Blunt the amounts receipted
for to them respectively by Abiel W. Tinkham;
and to the credit of Lieutenant John C. Pal-
frey the amount receipted for to him by John
J. Lee; and to the credit of John J. Lee the
amount receipted for to him by L. H. Eaton ;
but Charles H. Bigelow, Abiel W. Tinkham,
John J. Lee, and L. II. Eaton are each to be
held to the same accountability to the United
States for the amounts transferred to them,
respectively, at the time of transfer, and for
advances made to them from the Treasury, as
was at the time of transfer required by law and
regulations from officers of the corps of en-
gineers. This authority is to have no farther
application than to such accounts as have been
already examined and approved by the chief
of engineers, and are found to contain a full
and satisfactory accounting for all the public
money which came into their hands, namely: C.
H. Bigelow, $38,351 74; J.J.Lee, $3,508 95;
A. W. Tinkham, $12,910 13; L. H. Eaton,
$90 85, ail of which money has been expended
upon the fortifications of tlie States of Massa-
chusetts, New Hampshire, and Maine.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
district judges in circuit courts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 449.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 449) to revive and continue in force the
act of the 29th of July, 1850, and the act amend-
atory thereof of the 2d of April, 1852, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill, with an amendment^ to strike outfall
after the enacting clause, in the following
words:
That the act of Congress entitled "An act to pro-
vide for holding of the courts of theTJnited fetntes m
case of sickness or other disability ot tho judges of
tile district court," passed July 29,1850, and an act
amendatory ot'the fame, passed April 2,1852,be,and
the same aro hereby revived, and to continue m fall
forco and effect from and alter this.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the act of Congress entitled "All act to pro-
vide for holding the courts of the United btsites m
ease of the sickness or other disability of the judges
ol the district courts," passed July 29,18o0, except
the fitth section thereof, and an act amendatory ol
the same, passed April 2, 1852,be, and the same are
hereby declared to be in tail iorce and efieet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the bill refers to
former acts without setting them out 1 will
state what it is. It is a bill that authorizes the
justices of the Supreme Court under certam
circumstances to call in judges of district
courts from other districts. There is a ques-
tion in the minds of some whether the passage
