1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
748
government, and therefore a constitutional
convention of to-day cannot bind the people
for all time. Why, sir, it has frequently hap-
pened that State constitutions have fixed a
certain way in which they shall be amended.
Some have fixed pei'iods saying they shall not
be amended except every ten years or every
twenty years. I think in at least a dozen cases
these provisions have been disregarded; and in
States where they have provided that the con-
stitution shall only be amended in a particular
way they foave amended it by a general con-
vention ; and where they have provided that
they should only be amended at certain stated
periods, ten years or twenty years, they have
been amended at shorter periods, because the
great fundamental right is respected that the
people have the right to alter and amend their
form of government from timie to time ; and it
is not in the power of this generation to take
away that right from the next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the right of revo-
lution, otherwise than provided.
Mr. MOIITON. 1 am not speaking of the
right of revolution ; I am speaking of the way
in which the right has been exercised from
time to time to amend the constitutions of the
several States.
Mr. President, I have said about all I want
to say in regard to this matter. I feel some
interest in the question from the fact that this
legislation would be a blemish upon the legis-
lation of Congress, that it would form a dan-
gerous precedent. I think we have no right to
assume that we can take from States by con-
tract rights which belong to them by the Con-
stitution of the United States. It may now
be applied to a thing that appeals strongly to
all our feelings, as does the right of suffrage
to men of all races and of all colors, but it
may be equally applied to take from them the
right to representation in whole or in part; it
may be applied to a hundred things which
would disqualify the States in time to come,
make them unequal to each other, and be a
burden to future generations. Let us preserve
the simplicity and the harmony of our Gov-
ernment. The simple theory propounded by
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
ease referred to by the Senator from Maryland
is the true one and the just one.
One word in regard to the Nebraska case
which has been referred to. I think it does
not amount to much of a precedent according
to my recollection of the case. The reference
back by which the State Legislature was to say
that no distinctions of color should be made
in the right of suffrage was a mere make-shift
at the time. The constitution had been formed;
the Legislature had met and elected Senators;
the State government was all organized, and
the Senators were here and the State was
knocking for admission; the constitutional
convention had been dissolved, and certain
Senators on this floor—I believe eight or nine,
according to my recollection—declared that the
Stale should not come in without a provision
that suffrage should be equal to all without
distinction of race or color, and it was found
that they were determined, and the bill could
not be carried over the President's veto with-
out their votes, and, therefore, it was fixed up
to avoid the necessity of calling another con-
stitutional convention and have all this thing
over. It was fixed up as a sort of greased
board to slide down on, [laughter,] that we
should put that in the act of admission and the
Legislature should ratify it, and, therefore,
the thing be fixed up so that Nebraska could
come in without division in the Republican
party. That is my understanding of that case.
I was not here, but I understand that to be
the fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator states that
to be the fact, I want to dissent now, because I
acted on an entirely different principle for one.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That was about my
understanding of it.
Mr. MOIITON. That was my understanding.
Mr. CONKLINQ-. It was pretty thoroughly
the understanding in both Houses at the time.
Mr. 1?0WLER. Mr. President, the bill for
the readmission of Arkansas to the Union is
now before the Senate. I desire, before re-
cording my vote upon this singular measure,
to explain briefly my reasons for it.
The State of Arkansas was by a solemn act
of Congress, in tire year 18136, made one of
the United States.
From this position she could not recede save
by conquest of a foreign Power, by a success-
ful revolution, or by the decree of the whole
people of ali the States. She could never
again by act of her own or by act of Congress
become a province or a territory.
I will not attempt now to pursue a theme
barren of practical results, but direct my
attention to the real issue before my mind.
Seven years ago this State, in connection
with ten other States, made an effort to with-
draw from the Union and establish a confed-
eracy of their own, founded upon what they
called the divinity of slavery.
It was an institution that made its appear-
ance in America in the very dawn of the
earliest settlements. It took deep root in the
affections and interests of the people. It grew
with their growth and multiplied as they did.
Its years and sins only augmented its power
and its evils. It became the sole idol of the
church. Before it the politician bowed in
humble submission to its power. It became
the sole agent of the planter and the trader.
It was their present support and future hope.
It was the element of their pride and the
nurse of their self-respect. They defended it'
with an instinctive ferocity unknown in history.
This outgrowth of passion and selfishness
increased from the food on which it fed until
it became a monster that filled the whole land.
Ambition, pride, rage, war, and ruin have fol-
lowed in its pathway, lteason, prudence, wis-
dom, and moderation had no place within the
limits of its power, or even within the atmos-
phere of its vain pretensions.
It was no visionary theorist. It placed no
reliance on the unseen and unfelt power of
thought to accomplish results. The all-per-
vading and insensate power of charity and love
of humanity was to it the dreamer's visions.
It trusted not to the ideal nor the insensate.
It was practical, aggressive, positive, material,
real physical force. It trusted to no Davids
with pebbles, sling, and faith. It relied on
Goliaths armed with iron mail and swords like
a weaver's beam.
Like all selfishness, it nursed the passions
that culminated in the unfortunate revolution
that prostrated the adored idol forever. Out
of its ruins the nation has sought to evoke a
new and higher civilization inspired from
higher principles and nobler motives. Instead
of selfishness and power for its foundations,
liberty, equality, and love are its fountains
of life. Instead of physical force, faith is its
defense. It relies not on Congresses, armies,
nor Presidents, but on a heroic and generous
people in defiance of the blighting influences
of slavery, and on those causes which a wise
and ever wakeful Providence is directing to
tl^e accomplishment of good results.
Before the close of the rebellion the loyal
people of Arkansas hastened to place them-
selves in their former relations with the Union.
They were prompt to renounce the cause of all
their woes, and to establish a State government
that should prove acceptable to the nation. In
this they did not succeed.
At the close of the second session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress the military bill for
"the more efficient government of the rebel
States" was passed. This bill received my
vote, not because it met my approbation, but
because it proposed some plan, some possible
opportunity for the restoration of law and order
to these States. I do not desire to shrink
from any part of the responsibility of these
measures, nor to wear any portion of the
laurels that may be won from their success.
When this measure was first proposed it was
a pure military measure for the government of
the States -then without representation in Con-
gress. It was the naked sword of power sus-
pended by a fragile thread over the heads of
these devoted States. It was cold and cheer-
less as the eternal ice-fields of Arctic regions.
It had not a single warm ray of light or love
to commend it to humanity. It was the very
abstraction of unalloyed power. It commanded
obedience and unsheathed the sword. That
it would have been efficient no one will doubt
unless from that resistance, the sympathies of
man with man, thit will be found in every
being not wholly divine or demon.
Before its passage it was amended by uniting
with this eold expression of power some human
warmth and promise. The Blaine amend-
ment from the House and the military bill were
put through the crucible of a caucus commit-
tee, and the present bill, with the variations
of the caucus itself, gave it its redeeming char-
acter, the principle of impartial suffrage, and
it became the law of the land March 2. 1867.
The spirit that conceived and embodied in that
act the appellation " rebel States" was neither
Christian nor American. While some of the
people were rebels the State never. The good
name of every State is a part of the pride of
every patriot. Tins appellation is given to the
State to endure through all time. Those that
deserved it were the creatures of the moment;
they were here to-day and gone to morrow.
To apply this epithet to the States is unworthy
the dignity of statesmen or patriots. While I
do not desire to reflect on the action of Con-
gress or the part taken in that matter by any
person, I desire to record now my opinion of
it, although it may condemn my own action in
the matter.
The three following sessions of the Fortieth
Congress each passed a supplemental bill for
the purpose of carrying into effect, at the
earliest period, the desired object. The most
prompt and decided efforts were put forth by
the people in all these States to meet the
demands made by Congress upon them. All
the conditions but one have been complied
with. They have not yet ratified the amend-
ment of the Constitution known as the four-
teenth article.
That they will do so at an early period is
manifest. Virtually all the conditions have
been fulfilled by a determined act of the people.
Why then delay to comply with the promise
held out to them? Why break the faith of the
nation? Why postpone this measure until
these States feel the sting of disgrace? Why-
delay this duty until its discharge becomes more
odious than open prompt rejection? What
good can result either to the State or the nation ?
What profit or statesmanship in distrust, sus-
picion, in calculations of party advantage or
mere political results?
Why again seek to impose new conditions?
What good can result from imposing new bur-
dens? Have they not actually done the very
thing demanded to be made a perpetual cove-
nant by the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri? Is it not enough that these people
have made a constitution embodying all that
the amendment asks? Will it be any better
to call it a compact? On the part ot Con-
gress it is a legislative enactment and nothing
more. On the part of the State in accepting
it it is a legislative enactment and nothing more.
A subsequent Congress can repeal the act.
A subsequent Legislature can do the same.
Neither Congress nor any State Legislature
have any warrant from the people to make any
such perpetual covenant that shall bind the
people from generation to generation. If the
Legislature of Arkansas should ratify the con-
dition it would last just as long as the people
there might choose to retain it on their statute-
books and observe it, and not one hour more.
The action of the Legislature would be enti-
tled to no respect, and it would receive none.
The whole is unauthorized-and unreasonable.
If adopted it cannot fail to become nuschicv-
What is the object of this perpetual condi-
tion that they shall never abridge the right ot
franchise or change it as announced m their
