2T44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June I.
constitution ? Does not the fourteenth article
concede to the State the right and power over
the qualification? Is it proposed now, in the
face of that article, to bind a State by a per-
petual condition never to alter, abridge, or
change, or enjoy the privilege of that constitu-
tional amendment?
What is the end? To secure the citizen in
the enjoyment of equal rights and privileges?
They have that already or the classes sought
to be profited by the amendment. Is not a
public opinion that gave a constitutional guar-
antee of these rights a better security than an
act of Congress made by the representatives
of States that neither now sanction the prin-
ciple nor would be at this time induced to
accept it themselves? Is not the public opinion
of Arkansas quite as good a guarantee for the
preservation of this principle as that of Mis-
souri or Ohio? Is it not rather presumptuous
for such States to be dictating conditions to
Arkansas? Who commissioned them to bind
burdens and lay them on other people's backs,
which they will not touch with their own little
fingers? Who authorized them to pick the
motes out'of other people's eyes, while their
own are filled with great beams? Who sent
forth these physicians all sick unto death, to
heal the sound and healthy?
The admission of the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from these States is a solemn duty
imposed not only by the Constitution, but by
solemn promise. Why not fulfill it? The first
reason assigned by some is the irregularity and
frauds in the election by which the constitution
was adopted and the State officers were chosen.
To this I would reply, How can you hope
under the present system of government to
have one conducted in a more honest way?
How can you hope by future elections to cor-
rect these irregularities? I see no prospect
of obtaining a fairer expression under the
present machinery.
The constitution is said to be anti-republican
in some of its features.
It is not pcrfcet; far from it. What work of
human hands is? I would have had it more
liberal in some respects, but it is not my will,
but that of the convention that framed it and
those who adopted it. They are satisfied with
it. If not,_il is their province to altar and
amend it to conform to their desires and wants.
A few months or years will demonstrate its
imperfections and point out to the people the
changes that should be made.
There is a great unwritten law that molds
and modifies all written constitutions. It is
that ever active and all-pervading spirit that
moves the national mind and heart. Under
its authoritative influences old frames of gov-
ernment are putofl'and new puton like flowers
that give way to the coming fruit.
It has been significantly asked who are these
States to send here? May they not be traitors
as they have been before? 1 think I can answer
the first, if not the second. They will send
just such men as the people choose to select.
The people have not all the virtues in the
world, lior all the vices known to humanity.
They are in many respects like their neighbors.
Their virtues quite as high, their frailties quite
as many and as great. 1 have some know-
ledge of them, have lived among them, and can
trust to their entire competency to control their
own interests and select the men who can
express their wishes'. They are American citi-
zens. They know no superiority. They ask
no privileges and dictate no advantages. They
ask the rights and acknowledged equality that
is the common inheritance of every man that
claims the protection of the flag. He is a bold
man, indeed, that presumes to call in question
their capacity, their integrity, or their rights.
Who will they send here? Men who will be
the peers of the proudest, who will claim to be
neither the highest nor the humblest, but the
equals of each and all. The second question is
not quite so easily answered. Who will pretend
to foretell what he may himself become? I shall
receive them openly, joyfully, and trust with
fondest hope to their fidelity to the cause of
universal liberty and devoted attachment to the
principles of the American Government. If
m them there be net inherent loveliness suffi-
cient to command the respect and adoration
of men, then I shall tremble for the perpetuity
of my country. The generousandenlightened
patriot who has faith in American institutions
as a grain of mustard seed cannot distrust his
fellow-citizens who have shown equal devotion
and made equal sacrifices with himself. Gen-
erous confidence is less likely to be betrayed
than mean suspicion.
The admission of the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from Arkansas is not the admission
of a new State into the Union in any sense
whatever ; but I will not dwell on this question.
The Constitution gives to Congress the right
to admit new States. When these States are
admitted they have just such rights and are
subject to such limitations as the Constitution
grants. Congress has no power to change or
abridge in any manner the relations of a State
to the Union. They can make no treaty, com-
pact, or oidinance not common to all the States,
and none that has any more force, or that is
of any higher or more enduring obligation than
a law of Congress.
If Congress should impose a condition on a
conquered territory it could not be of any force
after its admission to the Union. The admis-
sion of a new State by Congress is not a com-
pact or of the nature of a compact. The Gov-
ernment is a national Government ordained
by the people. When a new State asks admis-
sion it is the adoption of the national Govern-
ment by the people of the State as their own
whereby they become a unit of the nation.
They assume all the obligations and become
subject to the same limitations that other States
are. These and 110 more. The Constitution
then becomes the sole guide to their rights and
their duties. This subject has been too long
the theme of debate to justify a continued
repetition here.
I may be pardoned for a remark relative to
the fourteenth article and the constitution of
Arkansas. There are five sections in what is
known as the fourteenth article of the Consti-
tution, and but one of these, and that the first,
that can survive the criticism of the future. It
is the only one that lias arisen from the senti-
ments of benevolence and faith in humanity.
All the others are so many monuments of fear,
distrust, and selfishness. I may say of the sec-
ond that it was dictated by prudence, but not
from a generous devotion to the principles of
eternal justice to all men. The rest can scarcely
claim the respect of exalted statesmanship, and
will never gain it. They are the mere expres-
sion of passions aroused by the disjointed time
that called them forth. The first is as distinct
in spirit from the rest as heaven is from earth.
It is the brightest jewel in the casket of its
author's treasures. It is a generous, manly
expression of the love of a great soul lifted
above the'storms of passion, prejudice, and
petty distrust.
I would have been more pleased with the
constitution of Arkansas if the framers had
placed in it 110 monuments to perpetuate tlie
unhappy animosities that arose out of a sad
and wasting war, and which now mar the peace
and quiet of the nation. Prudence, indeed,
dictates some restraints upon the unfaithful
and vicious, some barriers against the discon-
tented and disaffected, who, having failed in
their revolution, still seek to thwart the advent
of a new and better era to the State. Pru-
dence also dictates that as few restraints on
the full enjoyment of civil rights as is compat-
ible with the safety of the citizen, can be incor-
porated into the constitution of a State. Bitter
social and political animosities are not to be
reconciled by constitutional enactments and
laws to perpetuate and keep them in constant
activity. After all, the intellect, the virtue, and
charity of the community must rule. For a
day passion may hush the voice of reason, but
that day will have its end. Time and the good
genius of humanity will soon triumph over our
weaknesses and consigu them to their merited
oblivion. I do not envy the man that legis-
lates from passion, prejudice, or self-interest.
Happy is the State whose law-givers trust to
the divinity of truth, and rely on justice and
generous forbearance.
This was, however, the work of the people
of Arkansas. It was their right to do as they
thought would best promote their own happi-
uess and interest: and I am satisfied. They
have accomplished their object by great labor
under great disadvantages. They have wrested
their victory from their opponents without aid
from either the acts of Congress or from other
sources. I am unwilling longer to delay the
admission of their Senators and Representa-
tives to their places. In myjudgmentit should
be done by a simple resolution, not claiming
their admission as a new State, but declaring
the restoration of the former relations of the
State to the General Government. I shall, how-
ever, -vote for the admission of the members
underany bill that may be proposed; at the same
time I shall spurn all conditions that may seem
to reflect upon the State, and all invidious dis-
tinctions and limitations. I shall do this be-
cause I consider them violative of good faith
and the constitutional rights of the States.
Mr. ITOWB. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. HOWE. No; the Senate will not agree
to it. I know the Senate want to vote, and I
am not going to prevent them from voting but
a very short time. I hope they will indulge
me in saying a few words upon this question,
for it happens to be one upon which I have
had fixed convictions for a great- many years.
I once took occasion to express those convic-
tions to the Senate at great length. I shall
not repeat them now. From that time up to
this I have scarcely said a word on the subject
of what we call reconstruction. Under laws
which have been adopted from time to time,
the work has gone on, and now the people of
Arkansas come here and ask to have commit-
ted to them the prerogatives of a State. I feel
it due to truth to declare here that I have
never believed the policy pursued by Congress
was dictated by the truest or the highest wis-
dom. I am here now to say that I have not
the most unlimited confidence in the result
which you have produced in this one com-
munity. But Arkansas is here "the first fruits
of them that slept;" and in reference to the
propriety of now committing to that people the
great prerogatives which, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States belong to a State, I
have two or three words to say.
The first is to express the opinion that there
are not ten men in this Senate who believe it
is a safe thing to do at this time. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] appealed
to us on Saturday almost in passionate terms
to do it whether or no; the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull,] a few days earlier, made
a similar appeal; and what was the ground of
it? That these people were dying for the want of
these prerogatives, of this new character, of this
rehabilitation ; that their lives were not safe and
that their property was not protected. I believe
those Senators were right. Why are they not
protected? Because of these two facts: first,
when the Legislature of the United States
undertook to deal with this question at all. they
found civil governments down there manufac-
tured by the President: you took a long time
to^ examine them, to inspect the material out
of which they were made, and you came to the
conclusion that under those governments life
; and property were not safe and would not be
j safe, and thereupon you undertook to say tfeat
1 they should not possess the prerogatives of
; States; you declared them to be provisional
j governments only, and you subjected them by
j an act of the national Legislature to military
; control; so that from that time to this there has
| been the most complex machine running down
; there that 1 think was ever set up in this world
and employed in the work of human govern-
ment—civil tribunals supervised by military
agents. If property and life have not been
