1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
transferred before the necessary information
had been obtained from them for the settle-
ment of any considerable number of bounty
cases. These pay-rolls and muster-out rolls
are tiled in the respective paymasters' accounts
in different rooms of Winder's building, so
called, in this city.
To obtain the necessary information, there-
fore, the paymasters of Colonel Gibson's divis-
ion address in each ease an inquiry in writing
to the Second Auditor, who causes his clerks
to scrutinize the proper rolls and return the
desired information also in writing, if the
result of this scrutiny is reported satisfactory,
the paymaster who has charge of the particu-
lar claim immediately draws in payment a
check upon the Assistant Treasurer at New
York. And right here, Mr. Speaker, in the
examination of these rolls, which are folded
within the paymasters' accounts in seven
wretched little rooms in the Second Auditor's
office, is performed substantially the vast labor
of settling over four hundred thousand bounty
claims of either one hundred or fifty dollars
each, amounting in the aggregate to from
twenty to forty million dollars. You, sir, will
be amazed, this House will be amazed, the
soldiers and the country will be amazed when
informed of the number of clerks actually
employed upon this work, which seems to us
so important and vast, whether we consider
the number, merits, or necessities of the claim-
ants or the amount of money involved in their
demands. You will hardly believe me, sir,
when I tell you that the number of these clerks
is less than the number of policemen employed
daily about this Capitol; that it is barely one
third of the number of employes of this House;
that it is very much less than the number of
clerks of committees in this"Capitol. I fear,
sir, that four hundred thousand soldiers of the
Republic will Jae amazed, if not enraged, to
learn that since the 1st day of last July this
frugal Government has only furnished thirty-
three clerks to meet their impatient demands
for the prompt payment of these bounties.
And yet, sir, such is the fact, established by
the oath of the very man whose duty it is to
superintend this handful of hard-worked clerks,
upon whose labors hang this very hour the
deferred hopes of millions of the best of our
people, wives and children and dependents of
the gallant soldiers who have saved our coun-
try. Mr. D. E. Pierce, the chief of the division
assigned to the examination of these rolls in
the Second Auditor's office, testifies, on pages
21 and 24 of the evidence attached to the com-
mittee's report, that the whole number of clerks
in his division is forty-six, that six of these are
employed on other work, and on an average !
sev<A have been absent on account of sickness
since the 1st day of last J uly. Deducting from
the whole number the thirteen sick or other-
wise employed, you have left only thirty-three
men to consummate this great act of national .
gratitude, in which promptness was so import-
ant an element, of which tardy execution has
already spoiled half the value. For this, sir,
the country will demand, and has a right to
demand, some very good reason. More than
that, sir, if we fail promptly to do whatever
may be in our power to remedy this evil the
country has a right to and will demand the
very best of reasons for it.
I cannot too highly commend the zeal and
activity of this small band of clerks in their
desperate attempt to meet the impatient but
just demands of the people for the rapid settle-
ment of these claims. The Paymaster General
testifies that before the 1st day of December,
1807, examinations of the rolls and reports hau !
been made in 142,218 cases. According to the !
testimony of the Second Auditor the number |
had reached 149,806 on the 23d of November.
All, or nearly all, of these examinations were
made by the clerks in the Second Auditor's
office. Only a few, if any, had been made in
the Paymaster General's office before the rolls
were transferred to the Second Auditor. In
the single month of November, 1867, these
thirty-three men made examinations and sent
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 22.
to the pay department reports in 17,505 cases.
On the 1st of December they had on hand the
Paymaster's applications for information in
2(io,042 cases in which they had not as yet
been able to furnish answers. On the same
day the pay department held 4,170 claims con-
cerning which information had not as yet been
asked of the Second Auditor. The entire num-
ber of unexamined claims was on the 1st of
December 269-,812. These did not, of course,
embrace claims not yet presented to the Gov-
ernment. At the rate attained in the month
of November the present clerical force would
be able to complete the examinations in all
cases presented up to December 1,1867, in the
month of March, 1869.
Colonel Brooke testifies that "on the answer
from the Second Auditor that the claim is sus-
tained by the evidence on the muster-roll it is
immediately paid" by the proper paymaster
in Colonel Gibson's office. The ten paymasters
assigned to this duty, with the clerical force
now employed, could pay from twenty-five
to thirty thousand claims per month if they
could obtair* so many answers from the Second
Auditor. On the 1st of December they had
settled 138,556 cases, and 273,474 cases re-
mained unsettled. These unsettled claims in-
cluded, besides the 205,042 awaiting replies
from the Second Auditor, aiso 1,611 awaiting
returns from the Adjutant General, 2,051 await-
ing_ receipted vouchers, and 4,170 cases in
which inquiries had not yet been forwarded
to the Second Auditor.
Mr. Speaker, I will now send up to the
Clerk's desk a concise statement, based upon
the testimony of the Paymaster General, show-
ing what had been accomplished in the adjust-
ment of claims for additional bounty already
presented on the 1st day of December, 1867,
and what still remained to be done. I request
the Clerk to read the statement.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whole number of claims for additional bounty re-
ceived by Paymaster General to December 1,
1867   412,030
Whole number settled December 1,1867,138,556
Whole number unsettled December 1,
1867, awaiting replies from Second
Auditor  265,642
Awaiting returns from Adju-
t'lntGoneral   1,611
Awaiting receipted vouchers... 2,051
Cases, inquiries not made  4,170
  273,474
Whole number of inquiries addressed to Sec-
ond Auditor answered  142,218
Unanswered  265,642
407,860
Cases in which inquiries had not been
made  4,170
412.030
412,030
Inquiries not answered  265,642
i Inquiries not made  4,170
!   269,812
Replies received in month of Novem-
| ber, 1867  17,565
j The following statement is drawn from the
; testimony of the Second Auditor:
i Whole number of inquiries received from the Pay-
I master General between January 1 and November
| 23,1867 415,614
Answered November 23  149,806
Unanswered November 23  265,808
  415,614
Mr. PAINE. And now, sir, comes the ques-
tion which at present is really of more prac-
tical importance than any other in this case: can
we at this time do anything to expedite the pay-
ment of these bounties in the cases still unset-
tled? This question I propose now to consider
and answer. Before I take my seat I shall also
inquire whether this work could have been pros-
ecute# with greater dispatch from its com-
mencement to the present time.
The evidence before us shows beyond the
possibility of a doubt that we have the power
greatly to expedite the work yet unperformed.
As I have already stated, the substantial labor
involved in the execution of the act is per-
formed in making the examinations of the-
muster-rolls and in stating the results of such
examinations. These examinations are inev-
itable, and they must be made, of course, in the
office where these rolls happen to be deposited.
They are now in the office of the Second Auditor.
The rapidity of the work will depend upon
the number of workmen, provided they have
room to work, and their number does not
exceed a convenient proportion to the number
of rolls to be examined. The number of rolls
is, of course, fixed. We cannot alter that.
What the number of these rolls is we were
unable to ascertain with precision, for the
reason that they are all folded in the paymas-
ters' accounts, and the Second Auditor has had
no occasion to count them. He estimates the
muster-ont-rolls at fifty thousand, and the pay-
rolls at nearly five hundred- thousand. But
the paymasters' accounts containing the rolls
number from eight thousand to nine thousand.
Therefore, although' the rolls exceed in number
a quarter of a million, yet the maximum num-
ber of clerks who can conveniently examine the
rolls will be determined by the number of the
accounts, because the inclosed rolls must re-
main with the paymasters' accounts for which
they are vouchers. If one is temporarily
removed a memorandum is left in the pay
account to show where the roll may be found.
The account, therefore, is necessarily opened
as often as there is occasion to examine any
of the rolls contained, whether they number
twenty or one hundred, and whether each one
is examined once or twenty times. Now, it
would seem that the rolls inclosed in eight
thousand paymasters' accounts, systematized
as they always are, might (if adequate room
were provided) be conveniently examined by
five hundred, if not even by "one thousand
clerks. But it happens that there are certain
impediments to this free use of the rolls con-
tained in these accounts, in the settlement of
bounty claims growing out of the necessary
use of the same rolls for four other distinct
purposes. These purposes are the adjustment
of the paymasters' accounts, the settlement of
bounty claims of widows and heirs of deceased
soldiers, the examinations made in response
to inquiries from the Pension Bureau, and the
settlement of claims of discharged soldiers
who have lost their discharges and arrears of
pay, &c. In order to ascertain if possible
how much these impediments amounted to in
the aggregate—how large a proportion of the
time the accounts were actually in use for
other purposes—we interrogated Mr. Pierce,
the chief of the bounty division, who was en-
tirely familiar with the details of this work.
His testimony on this point may be found on
pages 22 and 23 of the evidence. In his opin-
ion if one hundred men were employed in
making examinations of the rolls, in response
to inquiries from the pay department, the
entire interference from all of these sources
would occasion a loss of twenty per cent, of
their labor.
This was, of course, only an approximation
to accuracy. But a scrutiny of his evidence
will show that he was careful not to underesti-
mate this interference. The Second Auditor
testifies that the whole number of clerks now
using the rolls for all purposes is about one
hundred and seventy-five. If the number as-
signed to bounty examinations for the Pay-
master General were increased to one hun-
dred the whole number would be two hundred
and forty. Now, admit the interference of
these men with each other to occasion, as Mr.
Pierce asserts, a loss of one-fifth of the time
and labor of each, and a simple computation
will show that the number employed on these
bounty investigations for the use of the pay
department may be increased to two hundred
and fifty, with a loss of only one third of the
time and labor of each. We encounter, then,
Mr. Speaker, in the fixed number of the pay-
masters' accounts, and in this "foreign de-
mand" for the rolls, practiftil limitations upon
the number of clerks to be employed, which,
though not easily defined with precision, most
certainly exist. While I will not venture to
fix a maximum, I will say that in my judgment
one hundred falls far,very far, within that max-
imum. In view of all the evidence before the
committee I do not hesitate to assert my
opinion that two hundred clerks might be
