1888.
THE CONGRESSIOMOj GrLGB!:
protected under those governments, as I believe
is t.lie fact, I do not think any one of us ought
to be very much disappointed: it is not in the
nature of such a government to enforce justice
between man and man, and as I have just
remarked property and life are not safe.
But the reason why you discarded the gov-
ernments which were built by the President
"was because they did not furnish protection to
life and property. The reason why the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts and the Senator from
Illinois appeal to us so vehemently now to dis-
card those governments is the same; 1 admit
the force of it, and I want to discover those
governments' laws. But to commit those peo-
ple to the government of what we call a State
irrevocably seems to me a procedure fraught
■with quite as much danger as threatened that
people and as has fallen upon that people by
the employment of these other contrivances.
It is said, sir, that the government organized
for Arkansas to-day is distinguished from that
"which the President made in 1865 in this radi-
cal particular, that the governments he made
were animated by a spirit of hostility to the
national authority, and represented a hostile
population ; whereas it is said that this govern-
ment recently created for the people of Ark-
ansas is made of loyal material, material
friendly to the national authority, and repre-
sents a people which is friendly to the national
authority. I guess the distinction is rightly
taken. I believe such to have been the char-
acter of that first government, and I believe
such to be the character of this government
which claims recognition now.
But that is not the only question for us to
determine. It would be very insane to send a
grand old ship to sea simply because you had
found a loyal crew to put on her decks if you
did not know that they had the capacity to sail
the ship, let the winds blow as they would.
And I wish the Senate to answer the question
to themselves whether tliey are entiiely satis-
fied that this loyal constituency, which seems
to-day to have taken the lead in the fashioning
of this government, is a constituency combin-
ing those numbers and that intelligence and
that influence which will enable them to main-
tain this government in loyal hands ; I do not
say in Republican or Democratic hands, or in
the hands of any political party, but will main-
tain it in its allegiance to the national author-
ity, maintain it in hands friendly to the national
authority, and. more than that, will maintain
it in hands which are friendly to that cause
which we have professed to have so much at
heart, the cause of equal justice and equal
political rights between man and man ; be-
cause if that is not the fact, what is the use of
all the labor we have gone through ?
Well, sir, what are the evidences upon that
point? This constitution, this framework of
government was submitted to a vote of the
people of Arkansas, the people being detined
in this very constitution, and I am told to-day
that there was a majority of thirteen hundred
only given for the adoption of the constitution.
That, I believe, is the most that is claimed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.] That, I believe, is all that is claimed
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
On the other hand, 1 believe it is vehemently
denied that there was any thirteen hundred
majority, or any majority at all given for this
constitution. Suppose there were such a major-
ity, is it safe to commit this government to the
hands of that population upon that small mar-
gin ? For myself, sir, 1 have not been able to
believe that it was prudent either to thenational
interest or to any portion of the people in
Arkansas, that this should be done. That is
but a very small number to be charged with the
protection and security of that great machine
which we know as an American State.
Is there, then, any way of avoiding this
necessity, and y.et of relieving this people
from the burdens and grievances which it is
said they suffer under the existing Government?
I think there is; and I cannot pass this point
without calling the attention of the Senate to
the interpretation which has been placed upon
the act of admission throughout this debate.
After years of toil and struggle, you have en-
abled the people of Arkansas to produce here
a constitution which, having been inspected,
you say is satisfactory ; and upon that consti-
tution Senators say they are willing to admit
the State. But what significance do they give
to the act of admission ? It has been adver-
tised from the beginning to the end of this
debate that by the act ol'admission you clothe
that very people with the power to transform,
to transfigure that constitution next week, or
next month, or whenever they please, and
make it as unlike that as it is possible for two
constitutions to be; and it is assented to to-
day, upon the claim of its friends, by only a
majority of thirteen hundred, i am sorry to
hear this doctrine asserted iu the American
Senate; and yet it has been asserted, not on
one side of this Chamber alone, but upon
both, and from the mouths of able lawyers on
both sides of this Chamber, and upon the
motion of the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Tkiuiy,] I believe, the Senate
came within one vote of declaring that doc-
trine in the face of the bill which is now on
your table, sir.
I am hound to say, in passing—1 do not pro-
pose to argue the question—that the argument
which has been made here as to the etfect of
the admission of a State is not satisfactory to
me. 1 do not believe that the Constitution of
the United States clothes the national Legisla-
ture with discretionary power to look into the
organic law of a people proposing to be a
State, and inspect it carefully and critically,
and pass upon it on the question whether it is a
safe constitution for the people of an Ameri-
can State or not, and that then they necessarily
remit to that people the power to utterly ab-
rogate that Constitution and put something in
the place of it radically contradicting every
feature of it. I do not believe that is the true
interpretation of the American Constitution;
but 1 am not going to argue that question, i
know how impatient the Senate is for a vote.
That, however, is what the Senate almost
declares to be the true interpretation of the
American Constitution ; and yet, advised that
there are a voting majority of thirteen hundred
that have assented to this constitution as it
stands, and advised that there are those who
deny that there was one hundred or one ma-
jority—nay, advised that there are those who
assert that there were hundreds of a majority
the other way at that very election, hundreds
that did not assent to this Constitution, but
who protested against it—I am not settling the
question ot fact; I do not know how it is; this
is the way it is presented to us; these are the
rival claims ; and yet, sir, we are told we must
commit this perilous power to this people and
trust to iheir disposition.
Well, sii, I am bound to say with all candor,
that, dangerous as 1 tlnnk the experiment is,
1 shall make it; I shall vote to make it rather
than consent to leave these communities under
the governments now existing within them. I
have never liked those governments lrom the
beginning, and I do not like them much better
to-day than I did iu the beginning; and yet 1
must, in jiistice to them, say that 1 think they
have discharged the very delicate duty imposed
upon them better than we had a right to ex- |
pect, and better than, for one, I did expect; but i
i yet am not so much in love with them as that !
1 would not prefer to trust these people to |
themselves with this constitution they present ;j
here if such was the only alternative; but 1 j
think it is not the only alternative; and I pro- I
pose to close my remarks by submitting a mo- j
tion, not in the hope of securing for it the jj
assent of the Senate, but a motion which will ji
at least express my own view of the way to ji
meet the exigency—a motion to recommit this |i
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, with ;
instructions to report a bill which shall adopt |
the constitution recently framed by the people j
of Arkansas as the organic act of a provisional i
government, and to report a bill which shall !
enable the government already eleeted -down
there to assume the functions of governing this
people provisionally, and ,which shall admit to
the Senate and the House the Representatives
of this people upon the footing of Delegates.
That istfie motion I shall submit.
lhis is novel; the like of it never was known
before in the course of our legislation. Mr.
President, it is rather too late in the history
of our legislation for the American Congress
to turn pale at a novelty. We ought to be
familiar with novelties already. But, Sir. Pres-
ident, let me say, as a lawyer—no; I have heard
so much of the law lately, that I dare not put on
any such character, [laughter,] let .me say,
as a representative, not as a lawyer, but as a
man whose understanding has not been sharp-
ened nor enlarged either by the study of the
law, [laughter,] that there is not a principle in
these instructions that you have not recognized
over and over again.
Of course these instructions deny to that
people the character of a State. We have
denied that all along. It then adopts the or-
ganic act for the government of this people.
You have had an organic act for them all along.
You always framed an organic act for the gov-
ernment of every people who are outside of a
State. When they come into a State you allow
the people to frame the organic act for them-
selves. All the difference there is between my
proposition, so ,far as that is concerned, and
what you have done over and over again, is
this: that you take, ready made, the organic
act; it is an organic act on which the people
have been consulted and to which they have
consented. It is none the worse for the (act
that the people of Arkansas have assented to
it. That does not make it any the worse nor
any the less valid ; but it will derive its au-
thority, not from the fact that they have as-
sented, but from the fact that Congress assents
to it, and declares it to be the organic law for
the government of this people in lieu of your
reconstruction acts heretofore assented to.
Then, Mr. President, these instructions ask
the committee to report a bill which shall
enable that government selected by the people
to take upon themselves the duty of discharg-
ing the functions prescribed in this organic
act. There is no ditliculty in principle about
that. If you could make those tribunals built
by the President in 1S05, rebel as they were,
do the work of civil government, and do it in
subordination to the authority of the United
States, simply by calling them provisional gov-
ernments, you may make these tribunals do
the same work, may you not? If you could
employ your major generals and your brig-
adiers in the work of exercising civil control
down there, you may take these very tribunals
which have been selected by the people and
charge them with the same duty, may you not?
There is one step further. I propose to
instruct the committee to report a bill which
shall admit to the lloor of the Senate and of
the House of Representatives the representa-
tives of these people, not as Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, but as Delegates, hav-
ing a voice here but not having a vote ; here to
consult with us, here to advise, here to express
their views in reference to their own local
interests, but for the present without a vote;
differing from the representation you have
always provided tor Territories in this respect:
you have only provided for a representation in
one House, and here you provide for a iepre-
sentation in both Houses. The authority which
does one can do the other. It differs from that
representation in another respect: there you
have uniformly coniined the representation to
one individual, and here you will give a rep-
resentation equal to the population^ in one
House and equal to any State of the Union in
the other House. The principle I do submit
is precisely the same. The authority which can
do one can do the other.
If there is no diaiculty in principle—and I
cannot stop to dwell on. these points, I am
under contract to occupy only a few minutes
then what advantages will you gain by this*? X
