1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3769
But, Mr. President, we may talk until ®e
get hoarse here and state facts. They are not
always listened to unless we succeed by per-
sonal appeals to Senators. The case stated
yesterday from that country was voted down as
inconsiderately as if it were not all surrounded
by tacts; but the honorable Senator's mode of
discussiug this subject does not appear to me
to meet, the facts of the case at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to correct an im-
pression conveyed by the Senator from Illinois,
who slated that these salaries have been raised
$ 1,G00. It was impossible to have the salaries
of the district judges of Oregon and Nevada
raised more than $500. Their salary is now
§3,500 each.
Mr. THUMBULL. What was the former
salary?
Mr. WILLTAMS. Three thousand dollars
originally ; $500 was added, making it $3,500,
which is paid in greenbacks.
Mr. Tit Oil BULL. Will not $500 pay his
expense from Oregon to California and back?
Air. WILLIAMS. I think not; it will a
little over pay the passage-money from Port-
land to San Francisco; not very much more
than that, the passage-money being paid in
gold. I wished simply to correct the state-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT. It should be recollected
that the distance between San Francisco and
Portland is about as far as from New York to
Charleston. It is quite a distance for a judge
to go out of his district to attend court.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois stated that be did not believe
the increase of salary could have been passed
but for the assurance that it would be in lieu
of this extra compensation. I think he made
a very inild statement in saying that, and I
venture to bear a little testimony on that sub-
ject, having been a member of the conference
committee by which the present statute was
adjusted, and having had a good deal to do
actively with the adoption of the provision by
the House of Representatives. The truth is,
Mr. President, not on'y that the provision
would not have met with acquiescence in the
House without this assurance, but that it was
adopted upon that ground, I may say, solely.
The argument for the increase of salaries at
that tune, when the decadence of prices had
commenced, began and ended with the allega-
tion that all of these recipients of increased
salary were to take the salary in lieu of per
diem and expenses for services rendered out-
side their districts. In the case of the jud?e
in Oregon, the increase was, 1 believe, $500;
in the case of some of the eastern judges it
was $1,000, and in two or three cases $1,500 ;
and, as I say, it proceeded not only largely,
but, according to my recollection, entirely upon
this idea.
There has been, Mr. President, several times
in committee and in both Houses allusion
made to the condition of the courts in Califor-
nia, and especially the condition, as we have
beard this morning, of the district court in
Calitornia, of which Judge HofTman is the
judge. Feeling, I presume, as I think he had
a right to do, aggrieved by a good many of the
statements which had been made, he wrote me
a letter, a portion of which on this subject I
beg to read to the Senate, in order that they
may see what Judge Hoffman does, and what
aie the exactions and burdens which he bears.
He says:
" The district, court of this district is not overbur-
dened wi'h business; the labors of the judges are far
lig iter than those of either of the State district
judges in tins city. The calendar is at this moment
neaily deia'cd,"
Mr. HOWARD. What is the date of the
letter ?
Mr. CONKLING. The date of the letter is
March 9, 1868 :
"The calendar is at this moment nearly cleared.
The district attorney informs me that the United
States cases will alt be disposed of this week. I am
not infoiniod what civil cases are ready for trial;
certainly not more than two or three. I think it
quite probable that in the course of next month the
court-will adjourn tor want of business."
I presume nobody will doubt that Judge
Hoffman is an intelligent witness on this sub-
ject, and we have, therefore, the fact that the
district judge in California is not burdened at
all, but the reverse ; is far more at liberty than
the district judge of the district in which I
reside to hold the circuit court, for he is, as he
says, greatly overburdened. So are others of
the district judges ; but here seems to be a
marked example to the contrary.
Now, this gentleman in Oregon has received
an increase of salary of $500 since the time
when the cost of living was grievous, since the
time when we commenced the descending scale
of prices, and with the district judge of Cali-
fornia, as able a man as Judge Hoffman is,
and as pure a man, and situated as he is, I
cannot conceive an exigency in California for
the holding of the circuit court beyond the
time which Judge Hoffman can give to it, for
which $500 will not be a suitable compensa-
tion, looking to traveling expenses and hotel
bills during the session of the court; and I
kope_, considering how recently this matter was
readjusted, and considering the liberality with
which the present tariff of salaries was fixed,
as we then supposed, the honorable Senator
from Oregon will allow it to stand as it is, and
let us at some future time, and more deliber-
ately recast all these salaries, if, in truth, any
alteration is necessary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator whether Judge Hoffman indi-
cates his willingness or ability to hold the cir-
cuit court in the city of San Francisco? Has
the letter any reference whatever to that sub-
ject?
Mr. CONKLING-. The letter was not writ-
ten especially to that point; but 1 submit to
the honorable Senator that when a judge him-
self says that his calendar is clear, that his
court is about to adjourn for want of business,
it is not necessary when speaking to lawyera
for him to add that he is then in condition, if
need be, to hold a court going by another name
in the same place. It is his duty to hold this
court, as far as he has time to do it; and when
he says himself that his occupation is light,
that indeed he is at leisure at this time—for
that is what this letter amounts to—surely it is
not necessary for him to go further and say
that he is now in condition to have the law
act upon him which says he is to hold this
court when he can.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I, of course, do not know
the circumstances under which that letter was
written, or the objects for which it was written,
but I am very confident that Judge Field would
not request the district judge of Oregon to
attend the circuit court in California unless he
conceived that there was a necessity for it, and
that necessity arose out of the fact that Judge
Hoffman was otherwise engaged. Now, it
seems reasonable, whatever the representa-
tions in that letter may be—and certainly they
are contrary to what I have always heard from
other sources in reference to that matter—
that in the State of California, where there
is so much litigation about Mexican land
titles and other matters of that description,
there should he ail accumulation of business
in the district court when there is but one court
of that description for the entire State. It
may be that at that particular time to which
Judge Hoffman referred, that particular season
of the year, business had declined; but the
circuit court continues there for some two or
three months, and the district judge for the
State of Oregon for two successive years, on
account of the absence of Mr. Justice Field in
Washington attending the Supreme Court, has
held the circuit court for the State of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I can answer his question now more intel-
ligently. It was some little time since I had
been looking at this letter; and while the Sen-
ator has been speaking I have read it again,
and I beg now to read an additional passage
to the Senate, following in order after what I
before read:
_ " I do not, however, wish to be understood as say-
ing that the district judge can readily dispatch all
the business of the circuit court in addition to that
of hisown court. Some assistance in the former
court is necessary. This has heretofore been fur-
nished, by Judgo Deady, of Oregon, a gentleman of
high character and ca-paeity. He is now holding a
circuit court here. In November last the term of
that court was held by me, and all causes ready for
triad were disposed of. Judge Deady will no doubt in
the course of six weeks or two months dispatch ail
the business which has since accumulated. If a
term of from two to three months beheld annually
by him, the business of both courts can with the
utmost ease be disposed of, and with far less than
the law 3 usual delay.
'* These are the facts, notorious here to every mem-
ber of the bar. X state them to you becau.o I do not
choose," &c.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I am much obliged to
the Senator for the information which that
letter conveys, for it shows that in the judg-
ment of Judge Hoffman it is necessary that the
district judge of the State of Oregon should
attend in San Francisco for two or three months
each year to hold the circuit court, and that
they proceed upon the expectation that he
will regularly each year attend to the circuit
court in the city of San Francisco, traveling a
distance of seven or eight hundred miles at a
large expense, remaining there two or three
months, holding that court, and then return
to the State of Oregon ; and it is claimed that
under these circumstances when he is required,
not occasionally but regularly, to perform the
duties of a circuit judge for the circuit upon
the Pacific coast, he shall not be allowed his
traveling and other necessary expenses in
addition to his moderate salary of $3,500.
Mr. CONKLING^ Will not $500 pay his
hotel bills and traveling expenses?
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 do not know exactly
how much the expenses of traveling from Port-
land to San Francisco, remaining there, and
returning may be; but the passage money alone
from Portland to San Francisco has been in
the neighborhood of $100 in gold. Then there
are his individual expenses, to say nothing
about the expenses of his family. He has a
considerable family, whose expenses he must
defray all the time. His hotel expenses in
San Francisco must be at least four or five
dollars a day in gold. The Senate, then, can
very readily see how far $500 goes toward
paying his expenses. I think that it is no
more than fair under all the circumstances that
this amendment should be adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I feel that
it is due to myself, on account of what has been
said and the production of this letter by the
Senator from New York, to say a few words in
regard to it. I do not know, as the Senator
from Oregon said he did not, for what purposes
this letter was written. Jf it was to affect a
bill which is pending in this body for the crea-
tion of a second district in the State of Cali-
fornia, which is most likely the case from the
tenor of that portion of the letter which I have
heard read, then it is very strange, indeed, that
the judge should not address either one of the
Senators from his own State, and that the
information should come to the Senate through
this particular channel. I think, sir, that I
would be the last person in the country to advo-
cate the unnecessary creation of a judicial dis-
trict there. My information on the subject of
the amount of business existing in the district
court is diametrically contrary to the statement
of the district judge contained in that letter.
I stepped into the office of the Secretary of the
Senate with a view of getting a statement from
that gentleman, who was recently clerk of that
court, to ascertain what the state of the docket
was at the time he left the office ; but he hap-
pened to be temporarily at the other House.
Judge Field, before he left here last year—and
whatever persons may think of his political
opinions it can hardly be questioned that he
would make a correct statement as to facts of
that kind—-said to me that Judge Hoffman's
docket had from two to three hundred cases
