3770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7 
upon it, and I regarded that as good author-
ity. I still believe, notwithstanding that
letter and the precise and specific statements
it contains, that it is not a true reflex of the
condition of things in his court, and I feel
sufficient interest to follow it up and ascertain
exactly the condition of business at the time
suited in the letter that has been read here.
The southern part of the State of California
is crying out by constant petitions sent to us
here for the creation of a new judicial district
that they may have a term of court at Los
Angeles. Many cases there arise under the
internal revenue laws, and the people are
compelled to go more than live hundred miles
to attend to the most trivial cases. Suits are
biought against them, instituted very often for
malicious purposes, and they must travel that
extreme distance or submit to be beaten in the
case. I am surprised, to say the least, at the
statements contained in the letter of Judge
Ho (Jin an.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask liini a question ?
Mr. CONN ESS. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There was an impres-
sion in' the Committee on the Judiciary that
there was but very little business from the
region of Los Angeles and of southern Cali-
fornia that came into the United States court;
that, the business which occupied the attention
of that court was mainly from the neighborhood
of San Francisco, where the commerce of the
State concentrates. Is the Senator prepared
to change onr information on that subject?
Mr. CONNESS. I will answer the question
by stating that undoubtedly the great mass of
the United States district and circuit court
business occurs at and near San Francisco,
which is the, center of population of the State.
All the admiralty business originates there, and
that is a very heavy business. A very large
portion of the land business of the State origin-
ates at or about San Francisco. The cases
under the Mexican land-grant system are in
the main disposed of; it would bo perhaps safe
to say that there are not more than twenty
pending in the State; but there are constant
causes arising in the district court involving
contests for property in and about San Fran-
cisco, where many small grants were made.
Those cases are constantly arising and are
pending. In the main, the statement the Sen-
ator from Indiana makes is correct; but under
the infernal revenue laws there are many suits,
and that is a great pressure and a great hard-
ship upon the interests of the people in the
southern part of the State.
But, Mr. President, the statements I now
make are so thoroughly met by the precise
statements of that letter that I cannot press
them any further until further investigation,
and I promise to make that. But in regard to
the statement made by the Senator from
Oregon, it is clearly a correct one. if it be
necessary forjudge Deady, as Judge Hoffman
states, to come down to San Francisco to hold
the circuit court there, there ought to be lib-
eral and fair provision made for his payment.
Prior to Judge Deady's coming the district
judge from the State of Nevada was invited
there to hold the circuit court by Judge Field ;
but Judge Deady has been chosen by Judge
Field in preference to the Nevada judge, as I
understand, because there were many mining
suits pending in which the judge of the Nevada
district had more or less interest, and Judge
Deady, separated from all interest connected
with those cases was preferred by the bar,
and he was invited to come. That was one
of the main reasons of his selection, and if it
be necessary for him to come there, certainly
provision ought to be made for his payment, j
Mr. CONKLING. I should have listened i
with some surprise to the line of remark, con-
sisting of a thinly-covered imputation upon
Judge Hoffman from the Senator from Cali-
fornia had lie been a member of the bar and
able to speak with so much personal knowledge
as his membership would have given him j but
inasmuch as I understand his business pursuits
have not led him into contact with the courts
of California. I must be permitted to say that
I think the insinuations which he has made
against Judge Hoffman and his veracity are
the more extraordinary. Having introduced
this letter and read it, I feel bound to say this
much: that, those who know, as I know, Judge
Hoffman, and who knew his father and his
mother before him, will understand, without
remark from me, that he needs no vindication
in respect of his veracity, his manhood, or his
character, from any member of this body. I
shall be greatly amazed, no matter under what
impulse lie saw fit, to drop a letter to me, his
acquaintance and his friend, if in that letter he
has made a statement of facts under his per-
sonal view, which statement is even inaccu-
rate. much less open to the soitof criticism
which has been bestowed upon it. I have 110
doubt of its correctness, and I feel that he
needs no vindication or support from me ; and
there I leave it.
Mr. CON NESS. I do not know, Mr. Presi-
dent, just exactly the words that the reporter
has got down as coming from my .elf when last
up, but I do know that there was nothing which
should justify this very nearly malicious imputa-
tion made by the honorable Senator from New
York in that connection. I made no insinua-
tions, Mr. President, but stated plainly and
boldly that from the information that I had
had, stating the source of that information,
and the further effort 1 made to obtain inform-
ation, it was exceedingly strange, as I now
repeat, if the statements contained in that
letter were exactly correct. I went further
then, and said that in the face of these precise
statements 1 could say nothing more, but would
further investigate as I wished to do as to the
facts of the case.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from New York may boast here his acquaint-
ance with Judge Hoffman ; he may also boast
his connection with what is regarded as a
learned profession. I will say nothing of either,
not feeling that either could depressor elevate
me in the estimation of anybody; nor will I
undertake to make any remark as to the pecu-
liar knowledge that the Senator has attained
touching the present life and character of the
eminent judge of whom he has spoken, by
reason of his knowledge of his father and
mother. If his investigations had been carried
further and gone to the preceding generation
perhaps they would have strengthened his case;
but not in my opinion.
With these remarks I leave the subject, as
well as the judge of the Senator from New
York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. CO ft BE IT. I trust we may have a
vote on this question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Ohio will allow the vote to be taken on
this bill. I imagine no one will say anything
more about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the vote can be taken
without debate I shall not object.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is the amendment with-
drawn ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir.
Mr. AN IHONY. I wish to amend that
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If if is to be discussed,
let the bill go over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I only jvisli to make it
general. I do not know why the judge of
Oregon should have this additional compensa-
tion if the other judges are not to be included.
I am in favor of the proposition, but I think
the other judges should have the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are to go into an
increase of the salaries of all the judges I
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. ANTHONY. Senators say that this
amendment will be voted down. If that be so
I will withdraw my amendment. I do not
want to impede the bill; but if this amend-
ment prevails, I shall then move to add the
other judges also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we snail now
have a vote. The Senator from Rhode Island
withdraws his motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator Irom
Oregon [Mr. Williams] to^ the amendment
of the Committee on the Judiciary.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes seven, noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the commit-
tee striking out the original bill and inserting a
substitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and theatnendmeni. was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
message ek05i the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieksox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 352)
to authorize the temporary supplyingof vacan-
cies in the Executive Departments, with an
amendment,, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. it. No. 28-1) for the relief of N. A.
Shuttleworth, of Harrison county, West Vir-
ginia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 255) for the relief of the
heirs of James S. Porter, late of Hancock
county, West Virginia;
A bill (II. R. No. 1365) for the l-elief of
Captain Thomas W. Miller ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of
George Iiaiser.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 436) for the relief of James
Hooper;
A bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of Tim-
othy Lyden, of Parkersburg, West Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 453) increasing the pension
of Nancy Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks, an
ensign in the revolutionary war;
A bill (H. R. No. 1069) for the relief of
Charles B. Tanner, late first lieutenant sixty-
ninth Pennsylvania volunteers;
A bill (II. It. No. 1325) for the relief of
Benjamin B. French, late Commissioner of
Public Buildings;
A bill (H. R. No. 366) to incorporate the
National Hotel Company of Washington city;
A bill (H. R. No. 8(59) prescribing an oatb
of office to be taken by persons from whom
legal disabilities shall have been removed ;
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 154) in rela-
tion to the settlement of the accounts of cer-
tain officers and agents who have disbursed
public money under the direction of the chief
of engineers: and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 324) to extend
the time for the completion of the West Wis-
consin railroad.
presidential approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
| States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
| announced that the President had approved
| and signed, on the 3d instant, the following
acts and joint resolutions :
An act (S. No. 251) for the relief of Captain
Charles N. Goulding, late quartermaster of
volunteers ;
An act (S. No. 367) for the relief of Albert
Grant;
An act (S. No. 452) for the relief of Parker
Quince ;
