1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
gain, nothing by it and do not know anything
about it properly. They get their pensions reg-
ularly. Not only that, but their pensions have
been doubled and trebled. Why, sir, if they
stood under the law of 1800, the sailors would
not have a large pension. They do not stand
under the law of 1800. Pensions have been in-
creased from that time, and they arenowmuch
larger than they were then. This fund is sim-
ply kept there as a kind of figure-head, with
out any use in the world except to swell the
aggregate of the public debt in the statement
of the public debt. It does not give one par-
ticle of security to the sailors.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It secures more liber-
ality toward them.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very point to
which I wish to call the attention of the Senate.
The Senator from Indiana now says that this
pension fund secures more liberality toward
them. Why, sir, these pensioners get the same
rate of pension that the soldiers do. Suppose
the soldiers should insist that all the proceeds
of their heroism and sacrifice should beheld as
a special fund to secure their pension. That
would be an absurdity. Every one would see that.
I think that, the House of Representatives hav-
ing taken the lead in wiping out this remnant of
the old funding system which has been kept up
from the English system, we might as well con-
cur in it and not show a disposition to preserve
this inconvenient and unnatural mode of keep-
ing accounts, merely for the purpose of en-
abling the Secretary of the Navy to sell $780,-
000 and put the premium back in the Treasury
for the Navy pension fund. I have no feeling
about it, and if the proposition were not on
the bill before mo I should not have said any-
thing about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
says that the proposition stated by the member
from Indiana and myself is simply absurd.
There may be differences of opinion upon that
question. It is not for me to retort on the
honorable member that his objections, put on
the ground on which he puts them, are simply
absurd.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will lake that back.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is true, Mr. President,
that one half the captured property goes to
the captors at once, and so far they have an
incentive to do what they have done so gal-
lantly in all the wars in which wo have been
engaged; but there is another part of the fund
which the nation, according to my view, says
it will bold in its hands forever, and out of
that sum pay whatever pensions it may, from
time to time, think these heroes of the sea
should be entitled to receive.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It seems to me
it would be bad faith for the Government now,
as to what is past, to pervert this fund from
that purpose to which it lias been dedicated.
It is very clear that the law provides that when
a prize is taken half the prize money shall go
to the officers and crew and the other half
shall go into this fund—a fund to secure the
pensions for the Navy; and it is a trust fund
for their benefit. All the objection to it is a
matter of book-keeping. It does not increase
or diminish the debt of the United States at
all, whether the fund exists or does not exist.
If Congress sees proper for the future to make
a different disposition of prize money, that is
very well; but not to change the law after the
prizes have been taken and after the Navy
have earned the reward which the law prom-
ised to them.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that I
understand this question, though I supposed
before this discussion that I did. The Senator
from Ohio says that this Navy pension fund
improperly appears as an item in the public
indebtedness ; it ought not to be there at
all; it does not belong to it. I should like
to inquire, of the Senator from Ohio in what
shape this indebtedness is. Is it in United
States bonds ? Has it been invested in
bonds by the Secretary of the Navy, and if so,
where are those bonds hold ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
explained that fully.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state to
the Senator that it will be found in the esti-
mates, as follows:
" The principal is invested in six percent. United
States stock, with the interest payable in January
and July."
Mr. HENDERSON. Then the United
States owes the bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then is it not a part
of th6 debt ? I understand that it is part of
the indebtedness of the United States—un-
questionably so. It is a trust fund. Here is
a trust fund set aside for that purpose. The
money has been paid into the Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. The Secretary of the Navy
is authorized to receive those bonds.
Mr. HENDERSON. Who holds those
bonds?
Mr. GRIMES. The Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then the United
States is indebted to the Secretary of the Navy
just so many bonds in trust for the officers
and sailors of the Navy.
Mr._ MORRILL, of Maine. This will ex-
plain it:
" That the Secretary of the Navy, as trustee of the
nava,l pension fund, bo, and ho is hereby, authorized
and directed to cause to be invested," &c.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I understand
that the amount which stood to the credit of
the Navy pension fund was, previously, in
money, ana I understand that that money was
withdrawn by virtue of the provisions of that act
and invested in United States bonds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is it.
Mr. HENDERSON. And it is held as a
fund. Therefore it does constitute a part of
the indebtedness of the United States. The
Senator from Ohio insisted that it improperly
appeared as an item of indebtedness against the
United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not a debt.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that;
but I agree with the Senator in one thing, that
it ought no longer to appear in this shape. I
suppose that the only objection to it is the
objection presented by the Senator from Iowa
that the officers and seamen have a right to
have this fund retained in its present shape as
a guarantee or security to them that they
will annually receive their pensions. In my
judgment this section of the bill ought to be
adopted, and this money ought to be covered
into the Treasury. It ought no longer to stand
in that condition. I see no use of retaining it
unless there shall be a doubt or danger as to
the ability of the United States being able to
pay the officers and seamen their regular pen-
sions. That is the only difficulty.
Mr. PESSENDEN. If we are not able to
pay them we shall not be able to pay the in-
terest on these bonds.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is what I was going
to remark. If the United States are unable to
pay directly from the Treasury, then of course
they will have failed to pay the interest on
their bonds. And why should there be a fund
specialty organized for the purpose of paying
the pensions due to seamen any more than to
soldiers? It is true that this fund has been
derived in the manner stated; it is the moiety
of prizes secured by the seamen ; but it will be
remembered that the seamen secured at the
lime their one half of those prizes as the law
required. I believe that it has been the law
from the organization of the Government down
to the present time that one half of the pro-
ceeds of prizes has been paid to the seamen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Prom 1800.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think prior to that
they were entitled to one half. They receive
pay just like the soldiers when they are called
into the service and they receive in addition
to that one half of the prizes they make. The
other half fell into the Treasury and was to
constitute a fund for the purpose of securing
to them their pensions. 1 see no use of this
account being kept any longer as it is now. If
the Senator from Iowa, or anybody else, can
give a substantial reason for it, I am perfectly
willing to let it stand in its present shape. As
has been suggested, it is a mere matter of book-
keeping. Itisadebt as it now stands of course,
the united States being the trusteeof this fund
for the use and benefit of these parties; but as
suggested by the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessbnden] a moment ago, if we repudiate
at all, we shall repudiate upon the payment of
the interest, and the seamen will fail to .get
their pensions. Why retain this account in
the Treasury Department? It is a mere fic-
tion, I admit, as the Senator from Ohio says ;
but it does belong to the public debt. It is
part and parcel of the public debt in its pres-
ent shape. Why not cover it into the Treas-
ury ? There surely can be no objection to it;
but it will avoid a difficulty which ia constantly
presented to us now in the shape of a new
account that need not be kept.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I suggested a few min-
utes ago that I saw a great deal of force in the
idea of the Senator from Iowa in regard to the
disturbance that this might make among aclass
of persons ; but still 1 think that might be
avoided in another way. There is one object
which I think ought to be accomplished. The
surplus of interest is now $500,000 a year.
As the law now stands, that is an accumulating
fund all the time. We have that amount over
and above what is necessary, from the interest
of this fund, to payall the pensions. The fund
therefore is too large, and it is accumulating.
It would be very easy, and I- think it is our
duty under the present state of things, to just
pay the surplus of interest into the Treasury
of the United States. Instead of changing this
system, which would produce the effect sug-
gested by my friend from Iowa, I think we
ought to have a provision that the surplus, all
that is not necessarily used in paying pensions,
arising from this large fund, instead of being
paid over and carried into the account and
accumulating, and probably giving occasion to
a squabble hereafter about the matter, should
be paid into the Treasury each year; and that
would save us $500,000 of interest.
Mr. HENDERSON. Cover the surplus of
the interest annually, instead of the whole fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, put the whole
surplus into the Treasury.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is thesame thing.
Mr. PESSENDEN. No; because this sec-
tion puts it all in, and it still leaves the secur-
ity to meet the idea that it is a security on
the part of the officers and sailors interested
in the fund. If it were put in that shape on
this bill I would vote for it, and I think it
ought to be made, because the fund has now
got to be so enormous that it is hardly worth
while to accumulate it to a greater amount.
Mr. GRIMES. To answer the inquiries of
the Senator from Missouri it would be neces-
sary to get the views of some of the members
of the Congress of 1800, who passed the law-
creating this fund, as to why it was not also
applied to officers and men of the Army, or
why any such fund was created at all. It is
enough for us to know, s'o far as our present
legislation is concerned, that they set aside this
fund. I am free to confess that the subject of
this fund has given me a good deal of thought.
1 am willing to admit that it has been accumu-
lating too rapidly; that is to say, not that we
have gathered too many prizes, but that the
fund is getting too unwieldy, and larger, prob-
ably, than it ought to be. My effort has been
to find some way in which we could dispose of
this matter without violating what is under-
stood to be the public faith of the country. 1
have been waiting for some proposition to come
from some of the financial gentlemen of the
Senate or House of Representatives, not liko
this that comes to us from the other House in
this bill, to sweep the whole fund away, but
some such proposition as that of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessendex.] I, for my own
part, although not authorized to speak for the
