1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3771
An act (S. No. 474) for the relief of Captain
Dan. Ellis ;
An act (S. No. 522) to authorize the proper
accounting officers ot' the Treasury to settle
the accounts of Andrew S. Care ;
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 123) donating
certain captured ordnance for the completion
of a n.onutnent to the memory of the lata.
Major General John Sedgwick ; and
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 143) for the
relief of George W. Doty, a commander in the
United States Navy on the retired list.
And that on the 4th instant he approved and
signed the following acts:
"An act (S. No. 100) for the relief of the
owners of the land within the United Slates sur-
vey No. 3217, in the State of Missouri ;
An act (S. No. 347) to confirm the title of
Ethan It ay Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke
to certain lands in the State of Florida, claimed
under a grant from the Spanish Government ;
An act (S. No. 460) confirming the tide to
a tract of land in Burlington, Iowa.
Ami also that on the 7th instant he ap-
proved and signed the act (S. 'No. 505) to
amend section five of an act entitled "An act
concerning the registering and recording of
ships or vessels," approved Decemberol, 1792.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia:
A bill (II. li. No. 284) I'or the relief of N.
A. Sliuttlewortb, of Harrison county, West
Virginia ;
A bill (H. It. No. 253) for the relief of the
heirs of James S. Porter, late of Hancock
county, West Virginia ; and
A bill (II. 11. No. 13G5) for the relief of
Captain \V. Muller.
The hill (II. R. No. 1307) for the relief of
Geoi'ge Kaiser was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
DEPARTMENTAL VACANCIES.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 3o2) to authorize the
temporary supplying of vacancies in the Exec-
utive Departments was referred to the Com-
mittee ou the Judicary, and ordered to be
printed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. POMEROY. Some vacancies have
occurred in the standing committees that ought
to be filled. There is a vacancy in the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and there are, I
believe, vacancies on other committees. There
are some new Senators who have not been
assigned to committees. I move that the Chair
be authorized to fill any vacaucies that exist
in the standing committees of the Senate.
The PHIiSl DENT pro tempore. The motion
may be entertained by unanimous consent.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL TAXES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. li.
No. 1284) to change and more effectually secure
the collection of internal taxes on distilled
spirits aud tobacco, and to amend the tax on
banks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will now resume the reading of the bill at the
point where he left off last evening.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill, as follows:
Sec."|81J 80. And be It further enacted. That upon
cigars wliicti sliaii bo manufactured anil sold, or re-
iuuved tovcunMimption or use, there shall, bo assessed
and collected the tollowiue taxes, to bo p^id by the
manufacturer thereof: , , ,, ,
Oil cigarette;?, cigars, and cueroois of aff descrip-
tions, in ado of tobacco or any substitute therefor, five
dollars per thousand. And the Commissioner of
Internal Keveuue may prescribe such regulations for
the inspection of ui^'ais, cheroots, and cig.irettos, and
the collection of the tax thereon, as shall, m Ins
judgment, be most effective for the prevention ot
frauds in tho payment of such tax.
The Committee on Finance proposed two
amendments to this section. The first was in
line six, to strike out the word " cigarettes"
before u cigars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight, after
the word 4* thousand," to insert " oncigareties
weighing not exceeding throe poundsper thou-
sand, $i 50 per thousand."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the following sections,
to which no amendment was proposed :
Sec. [82] si. And be it farther enacted. That every per-
son beioio commencing, or, if already commenced,
before continuing the manufactured ugarsshall lur-
nish, without previousdcmandthciefor, to thcaasist-
ant assessor o± < he division a statement, in duplicate,
subscribed under oath or affirmation, accurately set-
tmglouh tiie place, and, it in a city, tho street and
number of the street, where tho manufacture is to
be earned on : and if the same shall bo manufactured
for, or to be sold and delivered to, any other person,
tho name and residence and business or occupation
of the person for whom the cigars are to be manufac-
tured oi to whom to be dchveied; and shall give a
bond in conformity with the provisions ot this act, in
such penal sum as the asse^oi ot the district mav re-
quire. not Jess than &5Q0, with an addition of S1U0 lor
each person proposed lo be employed by him in mak-
ing' cigiiis, conditioned that Jig wiil not employ any
person to manufacture cignr> who has not been duly
registered as a cigar-makcr; that lie will not engage
in any attempt, by himself or by collusion with oth-
oi s, to defraud the Government of any lax on his man-
ufactures: that lie will render truly and correctly all
tho returns, statements, and inventories prescribed;
that whenever lie shall add to the number ot cigai-
makers employed by him, he will immediately give
notice thereof to the collector of the district; that he
will stamp, m accordance with law, all cigars manu-
lactured by him beloro ho offers the same or any
part thereof lor sale, and beloie he removes any part
thereof!iom the place of manufacture; thathewili
not knowingly sell, purchase, expose, or leeeive for
sale any cigars which have not been stamped as re-
quired by law; and that he will comply with all the
lequirements of law relating to the manufacture of
eigais. The sum of s.ud bond may be iuereasci from
tune to time, and additional suietics required at tho
discretion of the assessor, or u.ider riie instructions
of the Commissioner ot Internal Revenue. Every
cigar manufacturer shall obtain from tho collector
of the district, who is hereby required to issue tne
s.imc, a certificate setting forth the number of cigar-
ma kcrs loi wluch the bond has been given, which cer-
tificate shall be posfed in a conspicuous place within
tho manufactory ; aud any cigar manufacturer who
shall neglect or refuse to obtain such certificate, or lo
keep the same posted as hereinbeiore provided, shall,
on conviction, be fined £100. Any person manufac-
turing cigars of any desci iption without lirst giving
bond us herein required, shall, on conviction, be lined
not less than £100 nor more than $5,000. and impris-
oned uot less than throe months nor more than live
years. Cigarettes and cheroots shall beheld to be
cigars under the meaning of this act.
Sec. 183182. And be if jarther enacted, That within
thirty days after the passage of this act every cigar
inanufactuier shall place and keep on the side or end
of the building within which his business is carried
on. so that it can bo distinctly seen, a sign with let-
ters thereon not less than threo inches in length,
painted in oil colors or gilded, giving his lull name
and business. Any person neglecting to comply with
the requirements of tnissectionshall, on conviction,
be fined not less than &10J, nor more Lhan $CIK).
Sec. (8-1 j 83. A.nd he it Jarther enacted, Tliat it shall
be the dutyofcveiy assistant assessor to keep a record,
in a book to be provided tor the purpose, to be open
to the inspection of any person, of tho name and
residence of every person engaged in tho manulac-
turc of cigars in his division, the place where such
manutactuie is canicd on, and tne number of the
manuiactoiy, together with the names aud residences
of every cigar-maker employed in his division; and
the assistant assessor shall enter in said record, under
the n tine of each manufacturer, an abstract of his
inventories and monthly returns; and each assessor
shall keep a similar record for the district, and shall
cause the several manufactories of cigars in the dis-
trict to be numbered consecutively, which number
shall not thereafter be changed.
Section [eighty five] eighty-four was read as
follows:
Sec. [85] 81. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this actall cigars shall bo packed
in boxes, not before used for that purpose, contain-
ing respectively, twenty-five, fifty, one hundred, two
hundred and fitly, or five hundred cigars each;
and any person who shall sell or ofler for sale, or de-
livei or offer to deaver, any cigars in any other lorm
than in new boxes as above described, or wuo shall
pack m any box any cigars in excess of the number
provided by law to be put in each box, respectively,
or who shall talsely brand any box, or who shall afux
a stamp on any box denoting a less amount of tax
than that requiied by Jaw, shall, upon conviction,
for any of tho above described offenses, be fined lor
each &uch offense, respectively, not less than slOO nor
more than $1,000, and be imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years.
The Committee on Finance reported two
amendments to this section. The lirst was in
line thirteen, after the word offense,'' to
strike out the word "respectively."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the section the following, proviso:
Provided, That nolhing in this section shall be
construed as preventing the sale ol cigars at retail
by ictail dealers who have paid the special tux as
such lrom boxes packed, stamped, and bianded in
the manner prescribed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following sections, to tfliieh no amend-
ments were proposed, were read:
Sec. [8G] 85. And be it farther cnacted, That every
person now or herealtcr engaged in the manufacturo
ot cigars, shall make and deliver to tne assistant
assesoor of the division a ti ue inventory, 111 !onn pre-
scribed by the Commissioner ol Internal Revenue,
of the quantity ot leal tobacco, cigars, stems, scraps,
clippings, and waste, and the number oi cigar-boxes
and the capacity o each box, held or owned by hiui
011 the 1st day of January ot each year, or ut the
time of commencing and at the time ol concluding
business, it boiorc or alter the 1st ol Jauuaiy,setting
forth what portion ot said goods, and wnat kinds,
were manulactured 01* pioducut by him, and wiiat
were purchased lrom otners, which mventorj shall
bo verified by his oath orafh«.uiauouindoised< n s.ud
inventory; andtheassistanlassessorsaali make per-
sonal examination ot the stock suuicient to sausiy
hinisclt as to the correctness of tne mveiHoiy, and
shall verify tho lact ot such examination by oath or
atliruiation takon before tho assessor, also to be in-
dorsed on thoinvontory ; and every sucn person shall
enter daily 111a book, tne loan ol which snail be prc-
senbed by the Commissioner 01 Internal Revenue,
au accurate account ot ail the articles aioie&aid pur-
chased by him, the quantity ot leal tooacco, cigars,
stems, or cigai-boxes, oi whatever description, man-
ulactured, sold, consumed, or reinovediorconsump-
Uon or sale, or removed hom too place of manufac-
ture; and shall, ou or beloro tho lUch day oi each
arm every month, lurnish to the assistant assessor of
the division a true and accurate abstract lrom such
bookoi all such purchases, saies, and removals made
during the moiuh next preceding, wmch abstract
shall be verihed by his oath or aturnutioii; and in
case of rciusal or wiliiul neglect to deuvcr tho in-
ventory, or keep tho account, or furmsn tho abstract
aforesaid, he shall, 011 conviction, be lined not less
thau &5DU nor more than $<3,UiK), and imprisoned not
Je s Uian six mouths nor more than three years, it
shall bo Ihe duly of any dealer 111 leal tooacco or
material used in manunicturing e.g..is, ou demand
of airy officer ol internuiievenue auUionzeU by law,
to render tosuehoUieer a true aud correct si atemcnt,
verihed by oath or allirmaiion, oi the quantity and
amount of such leaf tobacco or mateuais sold or
dclivciedto any person or persons named in such
demand; and in ease ot relusal or neglect to render
such statement, or if thero is cause to believe such
statement to be incorrect or irauduie. t, the assessor
snail uiano an examination ot persons, books, and
papers in the same manner as provided 111 mis act
in leiation to Irauds and evasions.
bEC. 18/j Bij. And be it fmtker cncictcd, That the
Commissioner ol internal Revenue sh.ni cause to bo
prepared, for payment ol tne tax upon eigais, suit-
able stamps denoting ihe tax 1 hereon; and all cigars
shall bo packed in quantities ot twenty-live, hriy,
one hundred, two hundred and hity, aud live Hun-
dred, and all such stamps shall bo lurnished to col-
lectors requiring tho ; arne, who shall, li tnero beany
cigar manufacturers within their respective districts,
keep on hand at ail times a supply equal in amount
to two months' sales thereof, and shad sell the sarno
only to tho cigar manufacturers who have given
bonds and paid the special UX, as required by law,
in their districts respectively, and to importers ot
cigars who aie required toallixthe same to imported
cigars 111 the custody ot customs othcers and to per-
sons required by law to aliix the same to cigars 011
hand 011 the 1st day of January, A. D. loGJ; and
every collector shall keep an aceouutoi the number,
amount, and denominate values ot the sumps sold
by him to each cigar manuueturer, and to other
persons above described: Provided, Tnat iroin and
alter the passage ol this act tue duty on ail cigars
imported into the United states horn foreign coun-
tries shall be per pound, and twcnty-livo per
Cent, ad valorem.
Sec. L8 j 87. And be it further enacted, That every
manufacturer of cigars shall securely aflix, by past-
ing 011 each box containing cigars m.uiuneiurod by
or for him, a label on whicu s.iall be panted, together
with the manufacturer s name, the numoei of his
manuiactory, and tne distiicLand State in wnicti it
is situated, tnesc words:
i " NoriCH.— ihe manufacturer of the cigars herein
■ contaiued has complied wall ail the requirement ot
law. Every person iscautioned, und r tne penalties
of law, not to use this box ior cigars ugmi."
Any manufacturer of cigars who snail neglect to
afax such label to any box containing oigais uiado
by or lor him, or sold 01 oiiered ior sate by or toi nsm,
or any person who shall remove any such label, so
, affixed. Jrom any such box, shall, upon conviction
|j theicot, be lined lilty dollars ior eacn box in respect
j] to which sucii oifense snatl be committed.
li Section [eighty-nine] eighty-eight was next
j! read, as follows :
Sbc. [89] 88. And be it further enacted, That all
cigars wnieh shall be removed iroiaauy manuiactoiy
or place where cigars are made without tne same
being packed in boxes asreyuired by tuns act, or with-
out tho proper stamp thereon denoting the tax, or
without burning into each box with a branuiiig-iron
tho number of the cigars contained therein, and the
name of the manufacturer, and the number ot the
district and the & tote, or without the stamp denoting
