1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
Naval Committee or for the officers and men
of the Navy, would be content to vote for a
proposition that would reduce the rate of inter-
est on the certificates which are held by the
Secretary of the Navy in trust, as a trustee, for
this fund; say to three per cent., or to such
other rate as shall pay the ordinary pensions
of the officers and men of the Navy. What I
want to preserve is the principal of the fund
and the faith of the nation pledged to these
men, as they understand. -
Mr. HOWE. As this debate opened I thought
it involved something more than a mere ques-
tion of book-keeping. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessexdex] has suggested how much more
it does involve than that. It involves the rais-
ing of about half a million dollars annually by
taxation to add to a fund already amounting
to about thirteen millions, and that fund, with
its accretions, is what? Simply an estate
mortgaged to pay $350,000 of appropriations
annually. Everybody concedes, the Senator
from Iowa admits, and on all hands it is con-
ceded, that to meet our appropriations for pen-
sions to those in the naval service, or the rep
resentatives of those who have been in the
naval service, is the only obligation resting
upon the nation. Then that is all that we have
to provide for; and to preserve a fund of
$13,000,000 for the simple purpose of mort-
gaging it to secure the payment of these appro-
priations seems to me to be a useless thing;
and if we are to continue to raise $500,000
annually by taxes to add to this mortgaged
estate it is worse than useless; it seems to me
to be very wrong. But if the idea of the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessexdex] is adopted,
and by law you reduce the rate of interest, or
do anything else which shall result in realiz-
ing an income from these securities just suffi-
cient to meet your appropriations, then it adds
nothing to the burdens of the country in the
way of taxation; then there is nothing left but
a question of book-keeping; but, then, 1 sug-
gest that our system of book-keeping ought to
be amended in one particular: that if these
$18,000,000 arc still to appear on the debit
side they should also appear on the credit
side. In other words, if the Secretary of the
Treasury reports to you month by month that
the nation owes these $13,000,000 to the Navy
pension fund he should, in justice to the facts
of the case and the law of the case, present
the $13,000,000 as among the assets of the
Treasury as much as the greenbacks and the
coin in the Treasury, because it is property
belonging to the nation and undisposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you consider it as
struck off the public debt it increases the ex-
penditures so much so that it is the same thing
practically.
Mr. HOWE. Iam speaking of the statement
of the debt. I insist that the bonds which
constitute the ยง13,000,000 reported to us
from month to month as part of the indebted-
ness of the country should appear with the
' coin and the notes in the Treasury as part of
the assets, and then the one item would bal-
ance the other, and you would get at an accu-
rate statement of the obligations of the country.
But, I think, to avoid all this it would be the
sensible thing to agree to the proposition that
came to us from the House of Representatives.
I feel at liberty to say that because I did not
happen to be with the Committee on Appro-
priations when this amendment was agreed to.
Perhaps if I had been there I should have felt
bound by the action of the committee, per-
haps no!: but, as T was not present, I feel at
liberty to vote against the amendment report-
ed by the committee, though, if the suggestion
of the Senator from Maine is thought more
acceptable, I shall not have any objection to
that.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me that there is
considerable force in the proposition of the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessexdex] to pre-
vent any accumulation ol this fund, as it is
now accumulating in the form of interest; and
it seems to me that the proposition might go
further, so as to include so much of the fund as
has been increased by the accumulation of
interest in the past, if it be possible to separate
that from the body of the fund. There is, as
has been stated by the chairman of the com-
mittee, a provision in the law which creates
this fund that in case there should be any deficit
in the income of the fund necessary to pay the
pensions for which it is set aside the deficit
shall be made up out of the general Treasury;
and it seems to me, therefore, not unfair that
the interest which may accumulate beyond the
amount, necessary to meet these pensions should
be returned to the general Treasury; and if it
were possible to separate so much of this fund
as has accumulated in the form of interest
from the money that has been actually paid
into the Treasury or into this fund as the result
of piize sales I believe it could be done with
all propriety, and it would remove any ground
of complaint on the part of those for whom
the fund was set apart. They would still have
the whole fund, all the money, in fact, that has
been realized from prizes, for their benefit,
and would have, in my judgment, no ground
whatever of complaint. If this interest should
be taken from the body of the fund it would
certainly reduce it very much and meet one
objection presented by the Senator from Ohio
that it appears to be part of the debt, while it
is hardly properly to be considered as part of
the public debt.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am in favor of the Gov-
ernment doing what it agreed to do, whether
we can do the same thing in some other man-
ner just as well or not. In the beginning the
Government practically told our officers and
seamen of the Navy that if they would bring
home prizes which they captured instead of
destroying them one half the value thereof
should be set apart for this pension fund. We
agreed to do it, and I think we ought to do it.
Perhaps, if it was a novel question, it might
not he advisable now to do it; but I can see
no evil whatever in the accumulation of the
fund. The fund is in the Treasury, and the
only difference is that the Secretary of the
Navy holds the certiffcates of these registered
bonds. It is just as safe there as it will be in
any other way, and I can see no possible dis-
advantage except as a mere question of book-
keeping. I hope we shall stand by precisely
what we agreed to do in the beginning.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator from Rhode
Island mean to say that we agreed to appro-
priate all this money, in pensions or otherwise,
to those officers and men of the Navy who
would bring prizes home V
Mr. ANTHONY. I mean that we agreed
to what the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] read in the act of 1800, that one half of
this prize money should be set apart for this
purpose.
Mr. HOWE. For what purpose ?
Mr. ANTHONY. For naval pensions.
Mr. HOWE. Set apart as a fund out of
which we should pay such pensions as wc
might provide for by law?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly ; that is what
we agreed to do. "Whether it was the best
thing to do financially I do not think is an
open question.
Mr. HOWE. If there is any vested inter-
est in any naval pensioner that he shall have
his pension paid to him out of one fund rather
than another, or if there is any faith pledged
by that old act read by the Senator from Maine
which is higher or transcends the faith of the
act by which we appropriate year by year the
pensions to the Navy, then perhaps there would
be something in the argument; but I do not
understand that any naval pensioner has any
right to complain or would complain as long
as he gets his pension. I do not think he will
ever stop to inquire out of what fund it is
paid, and it is only upon the faith of the na-
tion that it is paid at all.
Now, Mr. President, what is there in the
argument that there is an extra inducement
held out to the gallantry of the Navy by any
of these acts? Certainly the men who gathered
these prizes do not derive any benefit from this
half which goes into this fund. They are not
stimulated by knowing that there is a fund
resting in the Treasury Department and accu-
mulating year after year out of which the Gov-
ernment may, some twenty or fifty or one hun-
dred years hence, perhaps, make an extra
appropriation to some men that may be em-
ployed in the Navy then? No part of this be-
longs to the men who gathered prizes; they
take one half, the balance goes to the Govern-
ment to dispose of hereafter, all admit, as the
Government sees fit to dispose of it.
Mr. CORBETT. I think that by the pledge
of the Government this fund should be set
aside out of which the seamen who have done
service to the Government of the United States
should be paid their pensions. I think it is a
stimulant and encouragment to those who may
hereafter enlist in the Navy of the United
States, and I see no reason why this fund
should not be kept separate. It seems to me
that it makes no difference ; we hold the secu-
rities of the United States for this fund; they
arc set aside ; we hold them as property of
ours belonging to the Governmentof the United
States; and we simply guarantee to these peo-
ple that they shall have their pensions out of
this fund. [ sec no good reason why the bonds
should be sold or put into the Treasury and no
account made of them. I think there should
be a separate account kept, and that the inter-
est on the fund should be allowed to accumu-
late for that purpose. Wo know not how soon
we may need the services of seamen and of
naval officers, and the preservation of this fund
will stimulate, in my opinion, a great many to
enlist in the Navy and it will satisfy them that
the Government of the United States intends
to redeem their pledge. If on this fund we
commence to repudiate our obligations to those
people, I do not know why we cannot repu-
diate other obligations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations, proposing to
strike out the second section of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the question is
put I submit a substitute for the section, which,
I suppose, will meet the concurrence of all. I
move to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the section and insert:
That the interest of the fund known as the naval
pension fund shall hereafter be at the rate of three
percent, per annum in lawful moncv. and shall bo
applied exclusively to the payment of Navy pensions.
I offer that to carry out the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessexdex.] It
simply reduces the rate of interest from six to
three per cent., which is more than sufficient
and allows a balance to remain in the Treasury.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it is sufficient, I have
no objection.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio if lie does not by the amend-
ment, as he has drawn it, absolutely require that
the whole interest of the fund, whatever it may
be, shall be appropriated to pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, I think not. It sim-
ply says the interest of the bonds shall be
applicable to that purpose. Perhaps it would
be better to say " shall be applicable according
to law." If the language does not carry out the
idea the Senator can move an amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be reported again. I
think you will see it does what I said.
The amendment was read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will add the words
"shall be applicable exclusively to the pay-
ment of Navy pensions according to existing
laws."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am opposed
to any of these propositions reducing the rate
of interest or changing the locality of the fund.
I am for avoiding the very appearance of evil.
If we can reduce the rate of interest upon one
fund, why not upon another? Wo have already,
as has been shown by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, once exhausted this
