1724
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
entire fund. How soon we may again exhaust
it who knows? Who can tell? There may be
circumstances that will involve as in another
war, and we may have more pensioners to be
fastened upon this fund. There is certainly no
harm in its remaining as it is now. I consi ler
that in some respects, as was observed by the
Senator from Rhode Island, the public honor
is pledged for the preservation of this fund.
It is some satisfaction to these gallant sailors
to know that the fund whieh is to pay their
pensions is already raised, and is in the
Treasury; that it is not a subject of taxation or
a subject of vote. I hope, therefore, that
neither the amendment nor the proposition to
retain the last section will prevail. I hope we
shall vote it out.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Vermont if he is not a little mis-
taken in supposing that these pensioners do
know that the fund out of which their pensions
are to be paid is raised. If it is raised it is
spent. There is not a dollar in money in the
Treasury out of which their pensions are to be
paid. It is all invested in Government con-
tracts, Government promises to pay, and that
promise is of no higher validity or sanctity, I
take it, than a public statute. The money is
not in the Treasury, but there is a bond there
which promises to put it into the Treasury, or
put the interest in, annually. That is all there
is, as it seems to me.
Mr. MORKILL, of Vermont. I think it is
a very different affair from what the Senator
from Wisconsin does. This fund is the direct
proceeds of prizes taken by our sailors and
officers in the Navy ; it has been invested ac-
cording to a statute. There was or there was
supposed to be a sort of public pledge that this
law would remain permanently on the statute-
book. I do not like to detail all these matters
in such a light way as some Senators seem in-
clined to do. We have had a pledge on our
statute-books for a funding system, and yet it
is never observed. I trust we shall retain at
least what we have got.
Mr. DA.VIS. I agree with the Senator from
Vermont. I do notthink this subject oughtto
be touched by legislation. I have always re-
garded this Navy pension fund, not as the
property of the United States, but as a trust
fund sacredly set aside for the benefit of the
invalid Navy pensioners. I do not see what is
to be gained by the legislation which has come
here from the other House. The money is in
the Treasury; it is used like any other money
of the Government; but it is a trust fund. It
does notbelongto theUnited Statesasof right,
but as a trust fund for the benefit of these gal-
lant tars ; and why should its distinct existence
in the Treasury be broken up, and it be thrown
into mass with the rest of the money that be-
longs to the United States in the Treasury?
In relation to private affairs, where a man
holds money for himself and also holds money
in trust for cestui que trusts, is it not more just,
avid is it not more prudent for him, for the
preservation of the trust fund, to keep the
account of it separate, distinct, and apart
from his own money ? Can anything be more
true than that? These pensioners have a
higher claim upon this fund than the pension-
ers of the Army have upon the general fund
in the Treasury. It is the fruit of their valor.
It is the fruit of their victorious efforts upon
the seas. It is a sacred fund. It belongs to
the Navy as one of its trophies, one of its
honors. It ought to be preserved as one of
its trophies and honors; and it would be un-
just to those who earned it by their blood and
their efforts, and to those for whose benefit it
•was earned in the future, to change its char-
acter and its condition in the Treasury De-
partment.
Mr. President, if repudiation is to come,
let this sacred fund be the last that shall be
repudiated. These pensioners and those who
are entiiled to it have a higher and more sacred
claim upon it than any public creditor has
upon the general funds of the United States in
the Treasury, because it is theirs ; they have
earned it; it is the fruit of their glorious
efforts in the cause of their country, m brav-
ing the battle and the breeze. It is cherished
by them, I have no doubt, as their property.
Mr. HOWE. AVill the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to submit a question to him?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly
Mr. HOWE. It is this: if this fund was
earned by the Navy and belongs to them, does
the Senator not think strict justice would
dematyi that we should pay it to them, rather
than to tax them to raise $000,000 of interest
yearly, to accumulate a fund that is to go to
somebody else hereafter, or to go somewhere
else?
Mr. DAVIS. I have this to say in answer
to my honorable friend: by the act of 1800
the system was organized ; the system was
accepted then, and has been accepted since by
our tars. They understand its form and its
principles. They do not seek to innovate;
and without their consent and without their
intervention, Congress ought not to innovate
upon the system. The system as it was insti-
tuted and organized for the benefit of the sail-
ors and others connected with the Navy in
1800 ought to be held sacred by this genera-
tion after a lapse of seventy years.
Mr. HOWE. Yes; it is for the benefit of
the sailors; but I want the Senator to answer
me, if it is for the benefit of the sailoi-s that
we tax them now on $13,000,000 every year to
pile it into the Treasury and keep it there ?
Mr. DAVIS. Tax them ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, tax them ; for the inter-
est of these $18,000,000 has to be paid by the
country, and the sailors have to be taxed their
share.
Mr. DAVIS. Are they taxed any more than
the rest of the community?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; but just as much.
Mr. DAVIS. "Suppose they are ; they get
the whole benefit in the form of their pensions.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to correct the Sen-
ator. They do not get a dollar there ; they
only get just what we appropriate, 5350,000
annually. That is what they get, and then
they help to pay $500,000 more in taxes which
lie idle.
Mr. DAVIS. This is the proposition as I
understand it: gentlemen want to break up
the distinctive character of this fund as a trust
fund belonging to the Navy pensioners ; they
want to withdraw from it the sanctity of that
character, of that trust. I am opposed to the
change, and think that that character and that
trust ought to be kept upon it, and that it ought
to be regarded by the Government and by the
Navy as their fund; and if it is so kept, set
apart as their fund, and always recognized by
the Government as -the property of the naval
pensioners, there will be less difficulty in their
getting the betiefit of it in the form of their
annual pensions than if it was mixed up with
and became a part of the Treasury of the
United States Government. Where a man
holds money as a trustee, and also holds money
in his own right, all of his creditors gener-
ally can take his own funds, but they cannot
take funds that belong to a special trust in his
hands, and they ought not to be allowed to do it.
This is a fund belonging to the seamen ; it is
theirs; we hold it in trust for them, and I do
not want to break up this trust in its essence
or in its form. I want it to be held in form,
principle, and essence, sacredly and inviolably,
for the benefit of these gallant tars.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
from Kentucky mistakes the question now be-
fore the Senate. On listening to the debate I
find that the general sentiment is against any
proposition to pay this whole fund into the
Treasury. That is not the question now pend-
ing. The question pending is whether we
shall reduce the rate of interest on the fund
as it is already. At present this fund consists
of bonds of the United States, bearing six per
cent, interest. It is found that three per cent,
interest will more than pay all the pensions
that are chargeable upon the fund. Now, the
question simply is, and' it is a very plain one,
shall we go on accumulating that interest, in-
creasing the fund by the accumulation of in-
terest which is totally unnecessary for any of
the uses of the fund ? It is not proposed to
change the fund at all, to take it out of the
hands of the Secretary of the Navy and to put
it into the Treasury—that was the original
proposition from the other House, to be sure ;
but that does not, and I think properly, meet
with the approbation of the Senate—but now,
inasmuch as the income of this fund is more
than enough, more than twice enough to pay
the naval pensions, the question is whether
we shall go on making an accumulation in the
present state of things in this country. No
body is louder than my friend from Kentucky
on the necessity of reducing taxation in the
present condition of the country; and he is
rightly so. I agree with him that we ought to
reduce taxes. Now, what pledge is there on
the part of the Government anywhere, in any
law of any kind, to be found upon the statute-
book that this fund shall always bear arateof
six per cent, interest? There isno such pledge
of the Government to that effect, either express
or implied. There is no law upon the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I will state that the fund was nevec on
interest until the act of 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that; because
it never was large enough until recently, to
meet the annmil expenditure for naval pen-
sions. When its interest became large enough
to meet that expenditure, a law was passed
that the fund should be invested in stocks of
the United States, and that the income of the
fund should be applied in a certain way. That
is no pledge or promise ; it is a mere legisla-
tive management of the fund itself to give it
greater security. It implies no pledge to the
sailors, as my honorable friend supposes, or
to the officers, or to anybody else; and that
this fund, when it is thus largely accumulated,
shall, whatever may be the condition of this
country, bear a rate of interest of six per cent.,
that is no promise that we have made, either
expressed or implied. Our promise is that the
fund shall be sacredly kept for its uses. It has
now got to be vastly larger than is necessary
for its uses.
Is there any breach of faith in any way in
saying that, inasmuch as it has accumulated so
far beyond any calls upon it, the rate of inter-
est to be paid upou it shall be reduced? Sup-
pose we are to say that we will have the bonds
whieh constitute the fund sold, as we have a
perfect right to do, and the proceeds put into
the hands of the Secretary of the Navy, to be
kept by him on deposit and let him use it to
pay pensions, we should break no faith with
anybody. To use the language of my friend
from Vermont, it is not even the beginning of
an idea of repudiation, or a breach of faith, or
a breach of a promise in any shape or form.
It is managing the fuud as we have been man-
aging it for the benefit, for the security of all
those persons interested in it, and at the same
time saying that it shall not be made use of,
without any promise of ours or pledge of ours,
to increase the burdens of the country; and,
therefore, inasmuch as six per cent., which we
ourselves put it at, is vastly larger than is
necessary to meet ail the uses of the fund, we
will reduce it to a sum that, is sufficient to meet
the uses of the fund. I should like to have my
honorable friend from Vermont point out any
statute, or anything else, by which we can be
press or implied, that we will in all fulure time,
construed to have made a pledge, either ex-
whatever may be the extent of this money piled
up there for that particular purpose, continue
to pay six per cent, upon it when we are trying
to reduce the interest on all our other bonds
and obligations, and when the security and
benefit of the officers and sailors do not re-
quire that we should do it? I cannot see the
slightest force in the world in the objection
that we are breakiug the public faith in any
