3772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
the tax thereon being properly affixed and canceled,
or which shall beso'd orofferod tor sale not proporly
boxed and limped, snail be forfeited to the United
States. And any person who shall commit any of the
abovc-dcsCi ibed o Houses shall, on conviction, be fined
lor each such off'-n^o. respectively, not, less than $100
nor more than £1,000, and imprisoned not less than
six months nor more than two years. And any per-
son who «hall pack cigars m any box bearing a false
oi fraudulent or counterfeit stamp, or who shall re-
mote or cause to be removed any stamp denoting the
tax on cigars from any box, with intent to use the
same, or who shall use or permit any other person
to use any stamp so removed, or who shall receive,
buy, sell, give away, or have in his possession any
stamp so removed, or who shall make any other fraud-
ulent use of any stamp or stamped box. intended
tor cigars, or who shall remove from the place of
manufacture any cigars not properly taxed and
stamped asreqmred byla,w,shall bo deemedguilty of
a felony, and, on conviction, shall bo fined not less
than $100 nor more than $1,000, and imprisoned not
less thau six months nor more than three years.
The Committee on Finance reported amend-
ments to this section. The first was in line
thirteen, after the word "offense" to strike
out the word ''respectively."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
five, to stiike out u taxed" and to insert
"boxed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following sections, to which no amend-
ments were proposed, were read:
Si:c. [0;!] S9. And be it further enae'ed, That the
absence oi the proper revenue stamp on any box of
cigars sold, or offered for sale, or kept lor sale, shall
be notice to all persons that the tax has not been paid
thereon, and shall bo conclusive evidence of tho
non-naytnent thereof; and such cigars shall be for-
feited to i ho United States.
Src. [1)1] 00. And Oe it further enacted, That in all
eases where cigars of any description are mariulac-
tuied, in whole or in part, upon commission or
shares, or where the material is furnished by one
party and manufactured by another, or whore fhe
material i< furnished or sold by one party with an
understanding or agreement with another that the
cigars are to be received in payment therefor, or for
any part tlureof, the stamps required by law shall
be affixed by the actual maker before the cigars are
removed from the place of manufacturing. And in
ea«e of fraud on the pait of either of said parties in
respect to said manufacture, or of any collusion ou
their part with intent to defraud the revenue, such
m.iteiial and cigars shall be forieited to the United
States, and every person engaged in such fraud or
collusion shall, ou conviction, bo fined not less than
$100 nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned for not
less than six months nor more than three years.
shc,_ [92] 01. A nd be it Jut (her enacted, That any
manuf,ietur T oi cigars who shall remove or sell any
cigars without paymeut of the special tax as a cigar
manufacturer, orwithouthavinggiven bondassuch,
or without the proper stamps denoting tho tax
thereon, or who shall make false or fraudulent
entries ol manufactures or sales of any cigars, or
who .-hall make false or fraudulent entries of the
purchase or sale of leaf tobacco, tobacco stems, or
other mateiial used in the manufacture of cigars,
or who shall affix .any false, forged, spurious, fraud-
ulent, or counterfeit stamp, or imitation of any
stamp, required bv law to any box containing any
cigars shall, in addition to the penalties elsewhere
provided in this act for such offenses, forfoit to the
United States all raw material and manufactured or
partly manufactured tobacco and cigars, aud all
machinery, tools, implements, apparatus, fixtures,
boxes barrels, and ail other materials, which shall
be found in the possession of such person, or in his
manufactory, and used in his business as such manu-
facturer, together with his estate or interest in the
building or factorv arid the lot or tractof ground on
which such building or factory is located, and all
appurton mce-s thereunto belonging.
^ Sec. [93J 92. And be it Jiu th<-r cnacted, Thatallcigars
imported ft om foreign countries after the passageof
this act shall, in addition to the import duties im-
posed on the same, paythotax prescribed in this act
for curars manufactured in the United States, and
have the samestamps affixed. Such stamps shall be
alhxed and canceled by the owner or importer of
cigars while they are in tho custody of the proper
custom-house officers; and such cigars shall not pass
out of the custody of such officers until the stamps
have been so affixed and canceled; but shall be put
up in boxes containing quantities as prescribed in
this act lor cigars manufactured in the United States
before such stamps aie affixed. And the owner or
importer of such cigars shall be liable to all the
penal provisions ol tois act prescribed for man-
ufacturers of cigars manufactured in the United
State*. Where it shall be neoessaiy to take any of
such eigirs so imported, to any place, for tho pur-
pose ol affixing and canceling such stamps, other j
than the public stores ol the United States, the col- |
lector ot customs of the port where such cigars shall i
bo entered shall designate a bonded warehouse to j
whicn they shall be taken, under the control of such !
customs officer as >-uch collector maydirect. And any '
oiiicer of customs who shall permit any such cigars !
to pass out of his custody or control without com- |
piiance by the owner or importer thereof with the ;
provisions of this section relating thereto shall be J
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on con- .
viction thereof, bo fined not less than $1,000 nor I
more than 65,000, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than three years.
Section [ninety-four] ninety-three was next
read, as follows:
Sec. [94] 93. And be it further enacted, That from
and aftc* tho passage of this act if shall be the duty
of every dealer in cigars, either of foreign or domestic
manufacture.haviugon hand more than livt' thousaud
thereof, imported or manufactured, or purporting or
claimed to have been imported or manufactured, prior
to the passage of this act, to immediately make a true
and correct inventory ot the quantity of such cigars
in his possession, under oath or affirmation, and to
deposit such inventory with tho assistant assessor of
tho proper division, who shall immediately return
the same to tho assessor ot the district, who shall
immediately thereafter make an abstract of tho sev-
eral such inventories filed in his office, and transmit
the same to the Commissioner of Internal lievenue;
and a like inventoiy and return shall be made on the
first day of every month thereafter, and a like abstract
of inventories shall he transmitted, while any such
dealer has any such cigars leuiaining on hand, until
the l^t day of January, 18G9. After the 1st day of
January, I860, all cigars ot every description shaU be
taken to have been either manufactured or imported
after the passage of this act, and shall be stamped
accordingly; a^d any person who shall sell, or offer
for s lie, alter the 1st day of January, 1869, any im-
ported cigars or cigars purporting or claimed to have
been impoited, not so put up in packages and stamped
by this act, shall, on conviction thereof, be lined not
less than i?;00 nor more than £5,000, and imprisoned
not less than six months nor more than two years.
The committee reported two amendments to
this section. The first was to strike out "Jan-
uary," wherever it occurs, and insert "April."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was inline twenty-six,
after the word il stamped" to insert "as pro-
vided. "
The amendment was agreed to.
The following sections, to which no amend-
ments were proposed, were read :
Sec. [95] 94. And be it farther enacted, Thatany per-
son wiio shall, after the passage of this act, sell, or
oiler,.for sjfe, .iny cigars, representing the same to
have been manufactured and the tax paid thereon
prior to the passage of this act, when the same were
not so manufactured and the tax not so paid, shall
be liable to a penalty of $500 for each offense, and
shall be deemed gunty ot a misdemeanor, and, on
conv iction, shall be lined not less than $a0Unor more
than 85,000, and imprisoned not less than six months
nor more than three years.
Sec. [9(5] 95. And be it jurtker enacted. That if any
distiller, rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, com-
pounder of liquors, or manufacturer of tobacco or
cigars, shall knowingly and wililully omit, neglect,
or reiuse to do or cause to be done any of tne tilings
required by law in the carrying on or conducting of
his business, or shall do anyriung by this act pro-
hibited, if there be no specific penalty or punishment
imposed by any other section of this act for the
neglecting, omitting, or refusing to do, or for tho
doing or causing to be done the thing required or
prohibited, he shall pay a penalty of $1,000; and if
the person so offending be a distiller, rectifier, whole-
sale liquor dealer, or compounder of liquors, all dis-
tilled spirits or liquors owned by him, or in which he
has any interest as owner, and if he be a manufac-
turer of tobacco or cigars, all tobacco or cigars found
in his manufactory snail be forfeited to the United
States.
Sec. [97] 96. And be if further enacted, That any
internal levenue officer who shall be or become in-
terested, directly or indirectly, in tne manufaetuic
of tobacco, snuif, or cigars, or in the production, rec-
tification, or redistillation of distilled spirits, shall
be dismissed from office; and any such officer who
shall become so interested in any such mauufactuie
or production, rectification, or redistillation, shall,
on conviction, be fined not less thau $500 nor more
than $5,000.
Section [ninety-eight] ninety-seven was next
read, as follows:
Sec. [9SJ 97. And be it further enacted, That if any
officer or agent appointed or acting under the author-
ity ot any revenue law of the Lmted States shall be
guilty of any extortion or willful oppression, under
color of law, or shall knowingly demand other or
greater sums than shall be authorized by law; or
shall receiveior fee, compensation, or reward lor the
performancoof any duty except as bylaw prescribed;
or shall willfully neglect to perform any of the duties
enjoined ou him by law; or shall conspire to collude
with any other person to defraud tho Uuited States;
or shall make opportunity for any person to defraud
the United States; or shall do, or omit to do, any act
with intent to enable any other person to defraud the
United States; or shall negligently or designedly
perrait any violation of the law by any other person;
or shall make or sign any false entry m any book, or
make or sign any false certificate or return in any
ease where he is by law or regulation required to
make an entry, ceitificate, or return; or having
Knowledge or information oi the violation of any
revenue law by any person, or of fraud committed by
any person against tho United States under any rev-
enue law«of the United States, shall fail to report in
wutmg such knowledge or information to his next i
superior officer, aud to th .■ Commissioner of Internal i
.Revenue; or shall demand or accept, or attorapt to i
collect, directly or indirectly, as payment or gift or
otherwise, any sum ot money   r other thing of value
for the compromise, adjustment, or settleni' nt of any
charge or complaint for any violation or alleged vio-
lation of law, except as expressly authorizes by law
so to do. he shall be dismissed fnyn office, and shall
be held to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, <-n
conviction, be fined not less than 81,000 nor ino* e
than $5,000, and imprisoned not less than six months
nor more than 'three years. And one half of the fine
%o imposed shall bo tor the use of the United totates
and the other half for the use of tho informer, who
shall he ascertained by the judgment of the court;
and thesaidcourtshall also render judgment against
the said assessor or assistant assessor for the amount
of damagos sustained in favor of the party injured,
to be collected by execution.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section in lines thirty-six and thirty-
seven by striking out the words w assessor or
assistant assessor" and inserting u officer or
agent."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following sections, to which no amend-
ments were proposed, were read:
Sec. [99] 98. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son who shall simulate or falsely or fraudulently
execute or sign any bond, permit, entry, or other
document required by the piovisions of this act, or
by any regulation made in pursuance thereof, or who
shall procure the same to be falsely or fraudulently
executed; or who shall advise, aid in, or connive at
the execution thereof, shall, on conviction, be im-
prisoned for a teim not less than one year nor more
than five years; and the property to wnieh such false
or fraudulent instrument relates shall be iorfeited.
sec. [100J 99. And he it further enacted. That every
collector having charge of any warehouse in which
distilled spirits, tobacco, or otiior articles, are stored
in bond, shall render a monthly account of all such
articles to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
which account shall be examined and adjusted
monthly by him, so as to exhibit a true statement
of the liability and responsibility of every such col-
lector ou such account. In adjusting such account
the collector shall be charged with all the articles
which may have been deposited or received under
the provisions of law in any warehouse in his district
and under his control, and shall be credited with all
such articles shown to have been removed therefrom
according to law, including transfers to other col-
lectors and to his successor m office, and also what-
ever allowances may have been made in accordance
with law to any owner of sucn goods or articles for
leakage or other losses.
The committee proposed to insert as section
one hundred, the following:
Sec. 100. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and Commissioner of Internal
lievenue are authoiized and empowered to alter,
renew, or change the form, style, and device ot any
stamp, mark, or label used under any provision of
the laws relating to distilled spirits, tobacco, when,
in their judgment, necessary for tne collection of
revenue tax, or the prevention or detection of frauds
thereon, and to make and publish such regulations
for the use of such mark, stamp, or label as they may
find requisite.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend that
section by inserting after "tobacco," in the
sixth line, the words "snuff and cigars."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Section one hundred and one was next read,
as follows:
Sec. 101. And be it farther enacted. That in all
cases arising under the internal revenue laws where,
instead ot commencing or proceeding with a suit in
court, it may appear to the Comm.ss'o.ier of inter-
nal Revenue to bo for the inteiest of tho United
States to compromisethesame, he is empowered and
authorized to make suchcompromise with fhe mh ice
and consent of the solicitor of internal revenue,
whose opinion m the case, with the reasons therefor,
ahull be given in wiiting and delivered to the Com-
missioner; and in every case wheic a compromise is
made there shall be placed on file m the office or the
Commissioner the opinion of tne solicitor, together
with a statement of the amount of tax assessed, tne
amount ot additional tax or penalty imposed by law
m consequence ot the neglect or delinquency of the
person against whom the tax is assessed, and tho
amount aetually_paid in accoidance with the terms
01 the compromise; but no such compromise shall
be made of any case after a suit or proceeding in
court has been commenced, without the recommend-
ation also of the district attorney for tho judicial
district m which the suit or proceeding is peuding,
or of such other counsel as may be empiOj ed to con-
duct or prosecute fhe same on the part of tho Uni-
ted States: Provided, That it shall be lawful for the
court at any stage of such suit or criminal pioceed-
nigs to continue the same lor good cause shown on
motion of the district attorney.
The committee reported various amend-
ments to this section, the first of which was in
line sevun, to strike out the words 4' solicitor
ot internal revenue" aud ^insert "Secretary
of the Treasury."
