1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Inasmuch as Congress has adopted this
phraseology in regard to one of these States,
there seems to be a propriety in continuing
that language, unless experience has shown
that in some respect it is not right. I have
not adopted the preamble that is found in the
Tennessee bill, for it is not applicable to this
case ; nor would I be for adopting any pre-
amble. Preambles to laws are not useful.
They serve no purpose whatever. They do
not even aid in construction, especially when
they are merely recitals of historical events
known to the country which need not be per-
petuated in the form of laws.
My proposition excludes all fundamental
conditions. It is very evident that the Senate
is nearly equally divided upon the propriety of
having any fundamental condition. My mind
is as clear as possible on that subject. A
fundamental condition could do no good, but
might do harm. After the State comes to act
as one of the States of the Union, in her legis-
lation, in any modification of her constitution,
she acts without any reference to the pleasure
of Congress, and it is not competent for Con-
gress, in my judgment, to impose any restraint
upon her right of amending her own constitu-
tion. It would be nugatory after the State
weretadmitted, if this were a caSe of admis-
sion ; but is vicious, as my colleague so forcibly
expressed it, as a precedent. Therefore I have
omitted all fundamental conditions.
I have omitted the preamble, as it is simply
of no service in legislation, and may become
embarrassing afterward. Senators of the
majority know that the preamble to the Ten-
nessee bill they would not now adopt. They
would not give as the reasons for the restor-
ation of Tennessee to her practical relations
to the Union the reasons that are found in
thatv preamble, because they are inconsistent
with the position now occupied by the majority.
The preamble to the Tennessee bill recog-
nized the lawfulness, the legality of the form
of government that existed in the State of
Tennessee prior to the enactment of that law.
It stands, then, upon the very opposite doctrine
to that upon which reconstruction is now being
pressed. It is one of the strongest arguments
to be found in the history of this whole ques-
tion against your present position in law.
Mr. WILSON. You are mistaken in that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, I am not mistaken.
I have had occasion to examine the question
with a great deal of care. I am referring to
that now simply as an illustration of the lolly
of preambles. What do you want? What is
wanted now ? You say that the State of Ark-
ansas has adopted a State constitution which is
agreeable to you : you say that she has ratified
the constitutiona' amendment, which is agree-
able to you. That may be a reason governing
your votes ; but is it necessary to recite that in
a preamble ? Is not that known in the history
of the country? Does the validity of the con-
stitution of Arkansas depend upon your rec-
ognition of it? If the State is a State of the
Union, and in proper form has adopted this new
constitution, it stands as her constitution, not
because Congress has given it validity and
vitality, but because the people of the State
have adopted it.
Mr. President, I now propose, asthe solution
of all the questions that are before the Senate,
as a settlement of the differences of opinion,
the language contained in the Tennessee law
which you adopted two years ago. Why object
t.o it? It declares that the State of Arkansas
is now restored to her proper practical rela-
tions to the Union, and that therefore she is
entitled to representation; that because she
stands in proper attitude in regard to the other
States and to the Union, she is entitled to rep-,
resentation. This legislation that you are now
proposing is not with a view of ratifying what
she has done, but of declaring her right of
representation. Then I submit to Senators
that it is proper and right to adopt the very
language which you adopted in regard to Ten-
nessee. Is it proper that in regard to one
State we shall have one sort of legislation, and
in regard to another State a different legisla-
tion? That is not desirable. I have, as I
stated to the Senate, inserted one word—is
hereby "declared" restored. It is not the act
of Congress that restores her to her practical
relations, but the act of Congress declares her
restored and therefore she is entitled to rep-
resentation. She is in practical relations;
therefore she must be represented in the Sen-
ate and in the House. My amendment, in my
judgment, stands upon the light doctrine;
and upon that, if it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to give the yeas and nays, I shall be glad
of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Hbndrioks,] and on this ques-
tion the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Corbett, Boo-
little, Ferry, Fowler, Hendricks, Johnson, McCrcery,
Patterson of New Hamoshire, Patterson ol Tennes-
see. Koss, Van Winkle, Vickers, and "Wiilev—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron. Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Cragin, Brake, Jj'essenden, rrelinghuysen,
Henderson, Jlowe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye. Pomeioy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart,
Sunnier, Thayer, Tipton, 'Trumbull, W ade, Wllliams,
Wilson, and Yates—2(5.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Davis,
Bixon, Edmunds,Grimes, Harlan. Howaid, Morgan,
Morton, Norton, Saulsbury, and Spraguc—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no fur-
ther amendment be offered 
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mis-
souri, I believe, has another amendment to
offer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; it is to the pre-
amble.
Mr. DRAKE. The amendment I wish to
offer is to the preamble, and I understand the
question is not taken on the preamble until
after the bill is finally passed.
ThePRBSIDENTpro tempore. If the Sen-
ator from Missouri proposes to amend the pre-
amble, now is the time to do it.
Mr. DRAKE. I understood that the time
for an amendment to the preamble was after
the passage of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. No; itshouldbeamended
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further amendment to be proposed to the
bill, it is in order to amend the preamble.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I move to strike out of
the preamble the words "in form" after the
word " republican," so that it shall read :
Whereas the people of Arkansas, in pursuance of
the provi.-ionsof an act entitled "An act tor the mm e
etheient government of the rebel States," passed
March 2, 18G7, and the acts supplementary thereto,
have framed and adopted a constitution of Ktatcuov-
ermnent, which is republican, and thcLcKisluturo of
said State has duly ratified the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as article four-
teen: Therefore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore having put
the question, a division was called for.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg leave to offer a word
in explanation of this amendment, as it seems
gentlemen are going to vote against it. It has
never been the practice of Congress in admit-
ting States into this Union until very recently
to use that expression "republican in form"
in reference to the constitution of the State to
be admitted: and it is, in my opinion, an
utterly vicious expression that ought not to be
tolerated in an act of Congress. In the acts
admitting Alabama, Illinois, Indiana, and Mis-
sissippi, and in the act enabling the people of
Nevada to form a State government the expres-
sion was used that the constitution of the first
four of those States was "republican," and in
the last that the constitution of Nevada should
be "republican." In the acts admitting Kan-
sas, Minnesota, Oregon, and West \iiginia,
that phrase "republican inform" hascreptin,
in my opinion, without any justification. The
Constitution says that the United States shall
guaranty to each State in this Union a repub-
lican form of government, not a government
republican in form, which may be republican
in form without a single republican principle
in it except as to form. I wish to have the
preamble to this bill conform with the Consti*
tution of the United States and with the old
acts of Congress, and just let it say that this
constitution is "republican," not republican
in form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the preamble.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. FERRY. Is it in order now, or after
the vote has been taken on the amendments
made in committee, to renew the amendment
which I offered in committee. I propose to
offer the same amendment that I offered in
committee, and which was there voted down,
to strike out all of the bill after the word
" Union " in the fourth line.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to have the bill reported as it now
stands. The printed amendment has been
varied.
The Chief Ci.erk. The bill now reads as
follows:
That the Stato of Arkansas is entitled and admit-
ted to representation in Congress as one of the States
of thcUnion upon the following iundamcnta.1 condi-
tion : that there shall never be in said State any
denial or abridgement of the elective franchise, or
of any other light, to any peison, by reason or on
account of race or color, excepting Indians not
taxed.
The PRESIDENTj?rofcmpo?-<3. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut will now
be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Connecticut is to
strike out all of the bill after the word " Union"
in the fourth line.
Mr. BUCKALEW. How will it read then?
The Chikf Ci.buk. The hill, if amended as
proposed, will rend:
That the State of Arkansas is entitled ml ailsrit-
tcd to representation m Congress as one of the States
of the Union.
Mr. FERRY. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think myeolleague
[Mr. Morton] would certainly desire to vote
upon this important question ; and as it is im-
possible for him to remain here to so late an
hour as this, and it is certain there will be no
further debate, I would venture to move an
adjournment. We could take the vote without
any delay whatever, I suppose, to-morrow.
Mr. HENDERSON. Fix the time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move, then, that the
further vote, which will be a short one unques-
tionably, take place at one o'clock to-morrow,
and let there be unanimous consent to that
proposition.
Mr. CONKLING-. And without debate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Without any further
debate. 1 did not see my colleague when he
left, but I suppose he could not remain any
longer, as his health would not permit him to
do so. The Senate is thin, indeed, to take a
vote on so important a question as this, and I
move that the vote be taken to-morrow at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut, on which the yeas and nays have
| been ordered.
I Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have paired of?
I on this question with the Senator from Mary-
! land, [Mr. Johnson,] who has left the Cham-
| ber.
I The question being taken by yeas and nays
I resulted—yeas 18, nays 22: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Conkling, Cor-
! bott, Doolittle, Ferry. Fes=em!en Ileniinck*, M>-
i Creery, Patterson of IN ew Hampshire, Patterson ot
