226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24.
Ho. oe Eeps.
Impeachment—Mr. Mallory.
40th Cong....2d Sess,
Among other things, says Judge Story, speak-
ing of the President of the United States:
" "He must be presumed to possess integrity, inde-
pendence, and high talents. It would bo impossible
that he should abuse the patronage of the Govern-
ment or his power of removal to the base purpose of
gratifying-  party or ministering to his own resent-
ments, or of displacing upright and excellent officers
for a mere difference of opinion. The public odium
whiehwould inevitably attach to suoh eonductwould
bo a perfect security against it. And, in truth, re-
movals made from such motives, dr with a view to
bestow the offices upon dependents or favorites, would
bo an impeachable oft'ense. One of the most distin-
guished iramers of the Constitution on that occasion,
after having expressed his opinion decidedly in favor
of the existence of the power of removal in the Ex-
ecutive, added: 1 In the first place, ho will bo iui-
pcachablo by this House before the Senate for such
un aet of maladministration: for I contend that tho
wanton removal of meritorious officers would sub-
ject him to impeaehment and removal from his high
trust.'"—2 Story on the Const., aeo. 1541.
Apply this rule to the ease of the President,
now under consideration, and he stands im-
peached by this House, and, sir, is already
impeached by the great people of the nation,
for a '' wanton removal of a meritorious offi-
cer," for the purpose of ministering to his own
resentments, and placing in his stead some
fawning sycophant who, for the sake of his
patron, will consent to become a pliant tool in
his hauds for the accomplishment of his base
purpose. Whatever may have been his own
opinion of the conduct of the Secretary of War
to justify him in suspending Mr. Stanton from
the War Office during the recess of Congress
in 1807, certainly no consideration that induced
that action can be urged as a defense for this.
He communicated to the Senate his own action
in the suspension of Mr. Stanton and his rea-
son for that action. Alter a full and deliberate
eonsideration'of the reasons assigned and the
charges so presented the Senate found that
there was no cause for his rerpoval. Since
that decision the President has refused to re-
quire Mr. Stanton to perform any of the duties
of his office, and he cannot, therefore, have
been guilty of any new official offense. And
besides, sir, in sending to the Senate his mes-
sage informing them of his removal of Mr.
Stanton and the appointment of General
Thomas ad interim, he makes no new charges
against Mr. Stanton, but leaves him as the
Senate left him, acquitted before the country
of any offense that would justify his removal.
What, then, has prompted him to this last aet
but a willful purpose to set at defiance tho
high authority of the Constitution by the
"wanton removal of a meritorious officer"
for the base purpose of gratiiying a party and
ministering to his own resentment and ven-
geance—an act which Mr. Madison says '' would
subject him to impeachment and removal from
his high trust." Here, then, sir, he stands
condemned by the construction which he him-
self claims for the Constitution, as that con-
struction and acts like his under it are passed
upon by Mr. Madison himself. He is con-
demned out of his own mouth; destroyed by
his own philosophy; guilty by his own law.
But let us now examine upon what ground
this power of removal from office is vested
alone in the President. The President asserts
that the power is derived solely from the Con-
stitution, that it is a power that has been rec-
ognized and exercised by every President from
the adoption of the Constitution to tho present
time. Let us see the authority. Says Judge
Story;
" It is observable that the Constitution makes no
mention of any power of removal by the Executive
ot any ofheers whatsoever. As, however, the tenure
of ofticeot no othcers, oxcept those in the judicial
depaitment, is by the Constitution provided to be
' Uuuig good behavior, it iollows by irresistible in-
ference that all others must hold their offices dur-
ing pleasure, unless Congress shall have given some
duration to their office."
The only ground, then, that the President
finds in the Constitution upon "which to base
this sole power of removal from office is its
utter silence and omission to vest that power in
my single individual or body of men. It is not
a power vested in the Executive in express
terms, nor is it a power that arises as a neces-
sary implication from the language used. The
appointing power is specially defined in the,
Constitution. The language is:
"lie shall have power, by and with the adviceand
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur. And he
shall nominate, andby and with tho advice and con-
sent of tho Senate shall appoint, embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and allother officers of the XJnitod States whoso
appointments are not herein otherwise provided for
and which shall be established by law."
ijirtljisiliSiBsi:*#*
"Tho President shall have power to fill tip all va-
cancies that may happen during a recess of the Sen-
ate by granting commissions which shall expire at
the end of their next session."
Tho power of appointment is given to the
President, but that power can only be exercised
"by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.'" lie may nominate without their
"advice or consent," but he can only appoint
by and with it. Is it a plainer inference to be
drawn from this language that it was the inten-
tion of the framers of the Constitution to vest
the power of removal in the Executive alone
than that it should be vested in the power au-
thorized to appoint? If the power to appoint
was too great to be vested in one man 1 can
see noreason that would justify that conclusion
that would not apply with equal force when it
is sought to give him the sole power of re-
moval. If the former is a power so arbitrary
and monarchical as to make its exercise dan-
gerous to the best interests and liberty of the
country the latter is not less so. Says Judge
Story:
"It would eonvort all the officers of tho country
into inoro tools and creatures of the President. A
dependence so servile on one individual would doter
men of high and honorable minds from engaging in
the public service."
The silence of the Constitution upon tho
power of removal, and the specific declaration
of who shall appoint, leads to the irresistible
inference that, in the absence of legislation
fixing a different rule, the power to remove is
vested in and is inseparable from tho power to
appoint, which is not the President, but the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. The events and discussion that
took place contemporaneous with the framing
and adoption of the Constitution are as likely
to lead us to the true object of tho framers of
that instrument as any other to which we can
refer. To the framers of the Constitution
this matter was familiar. The construction
claimed for this clause by those who sought
to defeat it was the same as that which An-
drew Johnson places upon it now. Such a
construction was never claimed for it by any
of its friends until long after its adoption ; hut
the position was combated and so successfully
refuted that the States were induced to adopt
it, acting upon the belief that tho power of
removal was vested in tho same hands as the
power of appointment. Alexander Hamilton,
writing to the Federalist, on the 4th of April,
1788, says:
"It has been montioned as one of the advantages
from tho cooperation of the Senate in tho business
of appointments that it would contribute to the sta-
bility of the Administration. The eonscnt of that
body would bo neeossary to displace as well as to
appoint," (fee.
Here, Mr, it is established beyond perad-
venture, by events contemporaneous with the
adoption of the Constitution, that the friends
of that instrument contended for the concur-
rence of the Senate in the removing power,
while its enemies then, as now, claimed that
this power belonged to the Executive. A fur-
ther and still stronger evidence that the states-
men of that day did not claim this construc-
tion is shown in the fact that no such power
was exercised or claimed to exist until, by
legislation, after thorough and protracted dis-
cussion, it was given to George Washington,
then President of the United States, and the
splendor that attached to his character did
more than any other thing to bring about that
result; and it will be proper to observe that
the act of July, 1789, conferring the power of
removal in certain cases upon the President,
only passed the Senate by the casting vote of
th<3 Vice President, when that power was to be
conferred on no less pure and faultless a man
than George Washington. In this decision
the public have acquiesced. Judge Story, in
his Commentaries on the Constitution, section
fifteen hundred and forty-three, volume two,
page 343, gives the following opinion on this
subject:
"That the final decision of this question so made
was greatly influenced by the exalted character of
tho President then in office was asserted at tho time
and has always been believed. Yet the doctrine was
opposed as well as supported by tho highest talent
and patriotism of the country. 'Xhe public, however,
acquiesced in this decision; and it constitutes, per-
haps, the most extraordinary case in the history of a.
Government of a power conferred by implication on
the Executive by tho assent of a bare majority of Con-
gress which has not been questioned on many other
occasions. Even the most jealous advocates of State
rights seem to have slumbered over this vast reach
of authority, and have left it untouched as the neu-
tral ground of controversy in which they desire to
reap no harvest, and from which they retired with-
out leaving anyprotestations of title or contest. Nor
is this acquiescence and silence without a satisfac-
tory explanation. Until a very recent period the
power had been exercised in few cases, and generally
such as led to their own vindication. During the
administration of President Washington few re-
movals were made, and none without cause; few
were made in that of President Adams. In that of
President Jefferson the circle was greatly enlarged,
but yet it was kept within narrow bounds, and with
an express disclaimer of the right to remove for dif-
ferences of opinion or otherwise than for some clear
public good. In the administration of the subse-
quent Presidents, Madison, Monroe, and John Q.
Adams, a general moderation and forbearance were
oxcrcised, with the approbation of the country, and
withoutdisturbing the harmony of the system. Since
tho induction into office of President Jackson ant
opposite course has been pursued, and a system of
removals and new appointments to office has been
pursued so extensively that it has reached a very
large proportion of all the offices of honor and profit
in the civil departments of the country. This is mat-
tor of fact, and beyond the statement of the fact it is
not the intention of the Commentator to proceed.
"This extraordinary change of system has awak-
ened general attention, and brought back the whole
controversy with regard to the executive power of
removal to a severe scrutiny. Many of tho most
eminent statesmen of the country have expressed a
deliberate opinion that it isutterly indefensible, and
that the only sound interpretation of the Constitution
is that avowed upon its adoption; that is to say, that
the power of removal belongs to the appointing
power."
Thus it will be seen, according to the
learned commentator, that it was not only
the express understanding of the Constitution
at the time of its adoption that the removing
was vested in the appointing power, and not
alone in the Executive, butthat that power was
never claimed or sought to be exercised by him
until conferred by act of Congress, and it is
regarded as most remarkable that such a grant
of power by a "mere majority of Congress"
should have been so long and so silently ac-
quiesced in. The people are referred to as
having " slumbered over this vast reach of au-
thority " upon such legislation sustained only
by an implied power in the Constitution.
The First Congress that assembled under the
Constitution and passed the act of 1789 grant-
ing this power of removal to the Executive,
evidently did not regard it inherent in the Pres-
ident under the Constitution, else they would
not have deemed it necessary to confer it by
law.
The right of the President to exercise this
power under and by virtue of the Constitution
is at once negatived when the fact is established,
as it has been, that such power was conferred
in the first instance by congressional enact-
ments, which may, by any subsequent Con-
gress, be altered, amended, or repealed, thereby
changing, modifying, or even destroying the
power. The right to pass a law eonlernng a
power implies the right to repeal the law and
destroy the power. This power, conferred by
actof 1789, continued in force until 18(57, shea
the Congress by another aet changed that law
aud deprived the President of the power. The
