1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
Reynolds, of Dayton, Ohio, praying for com-
pensation from the Government for corn sold
to the United States Army in Mississippi.
Also, the petition of Hiram Campbell and
14 others, citizens of Ironton, Ohio, praying
that the present system of national banks be
neither abrogated nor materially changed.
Also, a memorial of Norman Wiard, relat-
ing to the arbitrary amendment of a contract
for thirty-five inch guns; also memorial of
same relating to a contract with the Navy
Department for semi-steel fifty-pounder guns.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of Joseph
L. Iteiley and others, assistant engineers in
United States revenue service, for commis-
sion's, &c.
Also, the petition of Cornelia K. Schmidt,
for pension.
Also, the petition of Lucy Roberts, for
increase of pension.
Also, sundry memorials from the National
Convention of Manufacturers, assembled at
Cleveland, Ohio, on the 18th of December,
1867, in respect to internal revenue taxes and
the mode of collecting the same.
and
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jatiuary 7, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read
approved.
revenue report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating the report of the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the report
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue
be referred to the Committee on Finance, and
that the usual number be printed, and as I
suppose it is a document that Senators desire
to distribute to some extent I will submit the
ordinary motion to print five thousand extra
copies, and let that go to the Committee on
Printing.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
to print extra copies will go to the Committee
on Printing. The other order willl be entered
if there be no objection.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of as-
sistant professors at the United States Naval
Academy, praying for an increase of compen-
sation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the board
of supervisors of Jackson county, Iowa, ask-
ing the passage of an act by Congress declar-
ing the Magnokita river, in that county, not to
be a navigable stream ; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a
petition of John H. Crowell, late captain and
assistant quartermaster of volunteers, praying
the pusbage of an act reimbursing him for
moneys paid to extra duty men while in the
service ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Montana protesting against the passage
of any law reimbursing the militia of that Ter-
ritory for services against the Indians, and
urging the appointment of a commission to
investigate said claims; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of Syl-
vanus Blodget, a soldier of the war of 1812,
praying an additional pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POME BOY presented the memorial of
Annie B. Ross and William P. Ross, execu-
tors of John Ross, late principal chief of the
Cherokee nation, asking compensation for
property destroyed by the rebels belonging to
John Ross; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
reports op committees.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
208) to remit the duties upon certain goods,
wares, and merchandise destroyed by fire,
reported adversely thereon.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 84) to provide for adjust-
ing the accounts of acting collectors of internal
revenue; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also asked, and by untfnimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 219)
to provide for the construction of a wagon-
road from the Horse Plains to Cabinett Land-
ing on the Pen D'Oreille river in Montana
Territory; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 220) to abolish the district court for the
eastern district of Texas and to extend the
jurisdiction of the district court for the west-
ern district over the whole State; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 221) to amend an act entitled "An act to
amend existing laws relating to internal rev-
enue, and for otherpurposes which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 222) vacating certain offices in Georgia
and empowering the constitutional convention
to fill the same ; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 223) to amend an act entitled "An act
, declaring and fixing the rights of volunteers as
part of the Army," so as to give officers proper
j rank and include the Marine corps ; which was
I read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 224)
to incorporate the congregation of the First
; Reformed Church of Washington, District of
I Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
j and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
He also asked  and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 225)
to incorporate the English Lutheran church of
the city of Washington; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 227) for the relief of Mrs.
Eastman, the mother and sole heir of Alfred
W. Eastman, deceased; which was read twice i
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
first presbyterian churcii.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 226) to incorporate the congregation of
the First Presbyterian Church of Washington;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that this >
bill, which passed both Housesbeforetherecess, |
did not reach the President in time to be signed, i
and it will have, I suppose, to be passed again.
I moved its reference to the Committee on the
District of Columbia. I do not know that there
is any necessity for a reference, but I make the
motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I would inquire whether
in the opinion of the Senator tne number of
days required by the Constitution has passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill was passed
before the recess, but it did not reach the Presi-
dent until after we adjourned; and I understand
from one of the officers of the church who
called on me that the view which was taken by
the President was that he had no right to sign it,
it not having reached him until alter Congress
took the recess. There is no objection, I sup-
pose, to the bill. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Patterson,] I think, had charge of
it when it pasted here before, but one of the
officers of the church called on me and asked
me to introduce it again. I had not thought
particularly on the course the President, had
adopted ; but if he takes that view of it I sup-
pose there will be no other way but to repass
it. It has been a question whether the Presi-
dent eould sign a bill that was handed, to him
after our adjournment. Mr. Lincoln, I think,
on one occasion did sign a bill after Congress
had adjourned. *.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator will bear
in mind that that raises the question of what
is the character of the recent recess taken by
Congress. Is it such an adjournment as the
Senator has in mind which causes the failure
of a bill, or is it merely a temporary recess as
when the Senate adjourns over from Thursday
to Monday during the course of the regular
session? My own impression is that it would
fall under the latter head, that it is not one of
those adjournments which would cause a bill
to lapse. I do not know there is any way in
which we can reach this question and decide
it satisfactorily. If the President chooses to
| act on his interpretation, perhaps it would be
i most convenient for us to take up these differ-
ent bills and pass them anew.
There is another important bill which is in
the same category, one which Congress has
already passed twice—the bill to secure equal
| rights in the District of Columbia. I have not
I introduced that as yet, because I was disposed
! to allow the lapse of the full constitutional
period in order to see whether the President
in that time would send it back to Congress.
I Mr. TRUMBULL. This involves a compli-
j cated question about which I confess I have
j not very definite opinions. It would seem to
\ be treated as a recess in one respect, for the
filling of offices, and in other respects it is re-
garded as a continued session. I would rather
not attempt to decide it upon this bill, which
is an unimportant one, and to which I suppose
there is no objection on the part of the Exec-
utive at.all, only his not having received it in
time. I will move that it be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
let them inquire into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred, no objection being made..
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That Charles A. Pitcher have leave to
: withdraw from the files of the Senate his petition and
1 papers.
| officers' widows' pensions,
j Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
| lution; which was considered by unanimous
: consent, and agreed to:
' Renolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to consider the expediency of providing
that the increased pension of two dollars a month
granted by the act of July 25, 1866, to each child
under sixteen years of age shall be extended to tho
widows of officers.
regulation of railroads.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into and report upon the expe-
diency, by bill or otherwise, of regulating the various
railroads in the United States that extend into or
that have connection with other railroads in two or
more States; and particularly uniform and just
rates of fare for passengers, and freights by classes,
and maximum rates by classe?, as far as practicable,
and a general maximum for all freights not particu-
larly provided for.
smithsonian institution regents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I introduced a resolu-
tion yesterday to fill the vacancies in the
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, which
I ask the Senate to take up and dispose of now.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Fowler] objected to the consideration
