3776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
them any duty at any time which would be a
corresponding check of proceeding against the
property in court. The result is that you sur-
render the whole tiling into their hands, and
our experience has shown, as the Senator from
Indiana has so well said, and I need not repeat
it, that it has been the greatest abase in the
way of collecting taxes and the imposition of
burdens that this country has ever experi-
enced. *
As the Senator from Ohio has said, all this
does not necessarily and exactly arise upon
tins precise amendment; but when we are
voting one thing out and another thing in
without any explanation, the implication would
fairly arise that we were satisfied with what we
were voting in and were satisfied to leave it in
that condition. I do hope we shall niajje some
change that will impose upon these ollicers the
duty of prosecuting the property in court so
(hat there will be a check upon them, or else
that we shall have this check enlarged by
referrring it to some other department of the
Government, like that of the Attorney Gen-
eral.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Vermont if he understands that
in every ease ot' seizure it is necessary to pros-
ecute a suit, in court under this act?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
it is or not. 1 know it ought to be. I know
the Constitution says a man shall not be de-
prived of his property without due process of
law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator from
Oregon goes on, I ask him to allow me to pro-
pose a distinct amendment and see if the Sen-
ator from Ohio and the committee will not
agree to it. Instead of the committee's amend-
ment, I suggest that we take the House sec-
tion as it is down to the ninth line, and after
the word "writing," in the ninth line, insert
"and be approved by the Attorney General.''
Mr. JOIINSON. How will it read then?
Air. TRUMBULL. It would read in this
wise:
Th,it in all cases arising under the internal revenue
laws where, instead of commencing or proceeding
with a suit in court, it may appear to the Commis-
inissioncr ot Internal Revenue to be for the interest
ot the United States to compromise the same, he is
empowered and authorized to make such compro-
mise with the advice and consent of the solicitor of
intern at revenue, whose opinion in the ease, with
the reasons therefor, shall be given in-writing and
be approved by the Attorney General and delivered
fo the Commissioner.
Then before the Commissioner settles the
case he would have the opinion of the solicitor
of internal revenue approved by the Attorney
General.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I said before, I have
an amendment on my table already prepared
to make the opinion of the Attorney General
necessary after suit is brought.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This would not subject
the Attorney General to very great labor, be-
cause he would not prepare an opinion him-
self, but would revise and examine the opinion
of the solicitor, and would have simply to
indorse it " approved."
Mr. SHERMAN. It would subject him to
labor that the Attorney General cannot possibly
perform. In order to understand this matter,
you must take it generally; you have got to
examine several laws. It is utterly impossible
tor him to do it. If the Senator wishes inform-
ation on the subject, I will try to give it to
him. The forty-first section of the internal
revenue law, as it now stands, authorizes suits
by collectors to collect all taxes and to enforce
all lines, penalties, and forfeitures. No suit,
however, can be commenced without the sanc-
tion of the Commissionerof Internal Revenue.
In the great multiplicity of these cases a suit
does not grow out of one in a hundred of them.
They are decided first by the assessor, whose
decision may, by appeal of the interested party,
be finally brought to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. No suit can be brought
under the existing law without his sanction.
It comes up before hiin usually, first upon the
assessment by the assessor, and then upon the
resistance by the party assessed, and the case
comes before him in the light of a judicial
officer. Now, the question comes up before
him, ''Shall I sue?" He decides that in the
first place. He says " It is better on the whole
for the interests of the Government that this
matter should besettled." Under the existing
law he can settle it without limitation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does that apply to seiz-
ures, or only suits for underrating taxation?
Mr. SHERMAN. That applies to all pro-
ceedings of every kind and description.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Read that clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read section forty-
one of the present law, so that I shall not have
to read it in another portion of the argument:
That it shall bo the duty of the collectors afore-
said or thur depu'ies, in their respective distuets,
anil thoy are hereby authorized, to collect all the
taxes imposed by law, however the same may be
designated, and to prosecute tor the recovery ot any
suui or sums which may be forieited by law; and atl
fines, penalties, and forfeitures which may bo in-
clined or imposed by law, shall be sued for and
iecovered iu the nauic ot the United States, in any
proper torm of action, or by any appropriate form of
proceeding, qui turn or otherwise, betore any circuit
or district court of the United States lor the district
within which said line, penalty, or forfeiture may
have been incurred, or betore iniv ot* er court of com-
petent jurisdiction. And taxes may be sued for and
recoveied, iu the name of the United States, in any
proper form of aetion before any circuit or district
court of the United States for the district withm
which the liability to such tax may have been or shall
be incurred, or where the party trom whom such tax
is due may reside at the tune of the commencement
of i^uid action. But no such suit shall be commenced
unless the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
authorize or sanction the proceedings: Provided,
That in case of any suit tor penalties or forfeitures
brought upon information received trom any person,
other than a collector, deputy collector, a.-ses-or,
assistant assessor, revenue agent, or inspector of in-
ternal revenue, the United States shall not be subject
to any costs of suit, &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the question
which I wished answered. I am alluding to a
case of seizure for a violation of the law by
fraud or otherwise, for the forfeiture of the
very thing, as the seizure of a distillery of
whisky. I wish to ask him if forfeitures of
that kind are piosecuted by the collector of'
internal revenue instead of by the district
attorney in court?
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course,
when an actual suit is commenced, it is by the
district attorney. A seizure is not considered
in these proceedings in the light of a suit.
Provision is made for proceedings of various
kinds before suit is commenced. A seizure
is made by an officer, and finally by an appeal
the merits of the case on the face of the
papers, are brought before the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. He then, for the first
time, decides whether be will appeal to the
courts to enforce that seizure, or enforce that
tax, or that claim, whatever it. maybe; and
he directs it to be done either in one form of
action or another, iie directs a prosecution
in criminal courts; he direct a qui tam pro-
ceeding ; perhaps a seizure, or he directs a suit.
Mr. EDM U N DS. I am speaking of the case
of seizure alone for the time being, so that we
shall understand each other ; whether iu a case
of seizute of property as forfeited, and which
must be proceeded against in rem—'' the Uni-
ted States against so much property seized for
a violation of the revenue laws"—whether a
prosecution of that description ought not to
go into court, and be controlled by the same
principles that relate to seizures for violations
of external revenue, where, as the Senator
knows, the law has always provided that the
prosecution, as he calls it, the suit against it,
the libel should be filed within ten, or a cer-
tain number of days? That is the point to
which I wished to call attention.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already answered
that. As I understand it, it is not necessary
at all to go into court to commence a suit or
any proceedings in court to enforce a seizure.
The officer goes on in pursuance of the author-
ity conferred. He seizes the property and he
sells it. He proceeds to act as the executioner
of his seizure, to judge and sell the property.
As a matter of course the owner of the prop-
erty has a right by proper proceedings to re-
strain him, and to bring the case into court;
but the officer may go on and enforce tbe sale
of the property without any legal proceedings.
However; upou complaint, and upon an ap-
peal, in any stage of the proceedings, it comes
before the Commissioner of internal Revenue,
and then he determines whether or not he will
call to his aid the courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say that in a case of seizure
for a forfeiture instead of a seizure to enforce
the collection of taxes by sale of the property,
the collector of the internal revenue tax may
dispose of that property finally without a decree
of condemnation of a court?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do say so, and I say it
has been done, and is done, and is provided
for by this bill. The very pot lion of the bill
which has been passed upon provides in case
of forfeiture how the sale shall be conducted,
the mode and manner of proceeding. As a
matter of course any person believing himself
injured has a right to appeal to the courts,
and so the United States may, on an order of
the Commissioner, appeal to the courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, may I ask my
friend, if the United States have the right,
under the power of seizure, to sell the forieited
property without any steps of a court at all,
what is the object of their ever taking a step
in court? Why file a libel if they can sell
without a libel? That cannot be tue construc-
tion of the act. I am very much mistaken—
my fiietid from Ohio will pardon me if i say
so—if he is not confusing himself bv coufbumi-
ing the case of a seizure of a man's property
under a warrant to compel him to pay what he
owes, and the seizure ot his property for a
criminal violation of law which lorleits the
property itself. In this last case I am very
much mistaken, I repeat, if the law is not, and
lias not always been, that before the United
States can dispose of that property they must
file ail information or a libel against it in a
proper court, and have it tried where the
claimant may appear and defend himself, and
condemed by the judgment of the law. That
is the class of cases that I am alluding to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that it is
necessary for us to pursue the various and
devious proceedings of the law; but 1 have
stated to the Senate wnat I understand to be,
and what is daily practiced, the ordinary mode
of proceeding in-the collection of internal
revenue. Either party, the claimant or the
United States, through the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, may at any time appeal to
the aid of the courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does the Commis-
sioner want of the aid of the courts if he can
sell the property?
Mr. SHERMAN. In not one case in a hun-
dred is there property to seize.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of the
seizure of property.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then he must appeal to
the courts, and where a private individual is
aggrieved he has a right to appeal to the courts.
Either side may appeal. The only question
now is whether the solicitor of internal rev-
enue or the Secretary of the Treasury ought
to be selected as the advising and consenting
ofneer to a settlement. Whether the Attorney
General ought to be added ill the multiplied
cases that would arise where no suit is to be
brought, is for the Senate to decide. I say to
impose that duty on the Attorney General
where no suit is pending, to pass merely in
revision upon the acts of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue in the ordinary discharge of
his duty, would be to incumber his office with
a mass of details totally inconsistent, with the
discharge of the duties of that high oifice.
Even the amendment that I iutend to propose,
requiring his assent to the settlement of cases
where suits are pending, will impose upon him
amass ot labor which, in my judgment, will
make it necessary to give him additional assist-
ance more than the law now contemplates.
Mr. MORTON. The law already provided
for the initiation of proceedings is very abun-
