344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBft'
January 7,
of his resolution yesterday, and he is not iu
the Chamber now. What his objection may
be I do not know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I spoke to him, and he
said he had not any except that he did not
want it considered then.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
The motion of Mr. Trumbull was agreed
to; and the joint resolution (S. R. No. 83) for
the appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The jpint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
WILLIAM SHUJJK.
Mr. RAMSEY. I more that the 8enate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 4) for the relief of William Shunk.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs that there be paid
to William Shunkthe sam of $770, being the
amount due from the United Stales to E. C.
Shank, late postmaster at C&rdington, Ohio,
for salary as postmaster from January 1, 1864,
to March 31, 18&5.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will simply state for the
information of the Senate that this is a case
of a defaulting postmaster in the State of
Ohio, whose default was paid by his surety,
who now comes and asks that the suspended
salary during the period of the default may be
paid to him. The Post Office Department
were addressed by the committee who had
this matter under consideration, and they state
that it is all right, and that the money should
be paid. I will read, as that will be probably
the briefest way of bringing the matter to the
knowledge of the Senate, the letter of the As-
sistant Postmaster General:
Post Office Department, Appointment Office,
Washington, March 20,18(57.
Sib: Tour letter of the 14th instant calling the
attention of the Department to the bill for the re-
lief of William Shunk, surety of the late postmaster
at Cardington, Ohio, has been received, and the case
examined.
It appears by the records in the Auditor's office
that said Shunk has paid all arrears, and that the
account has been closed. No compensation could
be allowed the postmaster from January 1,1864, to
March 31,1865, because he failed to render any re-
turns ; but the surety having paid all arrears he is
equitably entitled to receive what the postmaster
would have received had he made the returns, at
the rate of $660 a year from January 1,1864, to March
31,1865, a period of fifteen months,, instead of four-
teen, as stated in his petition.
I am, respectfully, your ob.edient servant,
ST. JOHN B. L. SKINNER,
First Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. Alex. Ramsey,
Chairman, &c., United States Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendqaeHt reported by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
strike out " $770" and insert " $825."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PH1TATE-BILL DAT.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, np to five or
six years ago, about the time of the beginning
of the war, a rule had been in existence for a
great many years in the Senate that one day in
the week—Friday—should be devoted to the
consideration of just such bills as have now
been passed by the Senate. That rule, as I
say, had been in existence for a great many
years, and was fonnd to work well. The vari-
ous committees made their reports of private
bills to the Senate, and they were put upon the
Private Calendar to be considered on that day.
On that day the representatives of the vari-
ous committees from whom those private bills
came were present in the Senate to look after
them. As it now is, we pass private bills in
the morning hour, when, perhaps, parties who
are interested in them are not able to be here
and know nothing about their passage. In
this way the business of the eountry is not
expedited, whereas if we had a rule to pro-
ceed to the orders of the day immediately after
the transaction of the business of the morning
hour we should save a great deal of time ; and
I tljink if the chairman of the Committee on
Finance would call up his cotton bill immedi-
ately after the presentation of resolutions was
gone through with we could save three quarters
of an hour this morning. I trust that if there
is now such a standing rule of the Senate it
will be observed hereafter, or if there is not
such a rule I will now move that hereafter
Friday of each week be devoted to the consid-
eration of private bills, in order that we may
be relieved from their consideration in the
morning hour every day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no such rule of the Senate, as the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that I think he will be obliged to
introduce a new rule of the Senate in order to
reach that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not aware that
that rule has "ever been repealed if it existed.
Mr. SUMNER. There was such a rule in
old times.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not certain that it was
in the shape of a rule, but the SJenate, perhaps,
used to make an order of that kind at the ,
beginning of every session, and we observed
it. It expedited business vastly.
Mr. SUMNER. That would be in the nature
of a rule, of course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume the Chief
Clerk can inform us whether that rule is now
in existence or not; but the reason it has been
bo much neglected of late is, I presume, that
as we have "constituted the Court of Claims,
and refer almost everything in the nature of a
private claim to that tribunal, the amount of
private business to be transacted by Congress
is very much smaller than formerly. I sup-
pose that is the reason of it; but still from the
look of the Calendar now I think it would be
well to have the rule reestablished, as it needs
reestablishment. I think we used to have a
day set apart in each week for private bills,
and then occasionally a day would be set apart
for the consideration of District of Columbia
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am in-
formed by the Chief Clerk that there never has
been such a standing rule, but an order of that
kind has been made by resolution from time
to time. - •
Mr. SUMNER. Is there anything before
the Senate, Mr. President?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Iowa submitted a motion that Friday
of each week be set apart for the consideration
of private bills.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will be laid
over at present until we think a little more
about it. We often meet at this period of the
session in such a condition that we can transact
business of this kind during the morning hour,
particularly when the great business' of the
people is not ready for us. When we have
such business it ought to have precedence, and
private bills, I think, should give way to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule, objection being made to the consideration
of the motion submitted by the Senator from
Iowa, it must lie over.
EQUAL EIGHTS PRESIDENTIAL POWER.
Mr. SUMNER. On inquiry at the desk I
understand that the bill for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia was
sent to the President on the 10th of December;
therefore the full number of ten days has
elapsed within which the President might con-
sider the bill; and as it has not been returned
to the Senate in this tim<e I now propose to ask
leave of the Senate to introduce it a third time
in precisely the terms in which it has already
twice passed both Houses of Congress. I send
the bill now to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks unanimous con*
Sent to iatroduce a bill without previous notice.
Is there any objection ? None being made leave
is granted to introduce the bill.
The bill (S. No. 228) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia was
read the first time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before there is any action
on the bill I think we ought to consider whether
it is not already a law. That depends upon the
question whether the late recess was a mere
reoess within the meaning of the Constitution
or an adjournment. We are all familiar with
the olause of the Constitution giving the Presi-
dent ten days in which to consider a bill; and
we have always regarded an adjournment over
the holidays as a recess. If it was not an
adjournment within the sense of that clause of
the Constitution this bill is now the law of the
land.
Mr. SUMNER. That was my impression.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that be the correct
view of the ease, a resolution declaring that
the officers of Congress shall certify the bill to
the Secretary of State would be more appro-
friate. The question, however, is one which
have not examined carefully, and I do not
wish to be considered as committed on it; but
I submit to the Senator from Massachusetts
whether he had not better refer the matter to the
Judiciary Committee, and let us take the judg-
ment of the legal branch of the Senate on that
point.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that;
indeed, I should like very much to have the
point decided to which the Senator now calls
attention; but perhaps it would be more con-
venient for us to pass the bill the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON. The constitution of New
Hampshire, in the particular now before the
Senate, is the same almost in words with the
Constitution of the United States, except that
it gives only three days for the action of the
Executive. The supreme court of New Hamp-
shire has decided in rather a recent case that
an adjournment such as we had the other day
was not an adjournment in the sense in which
the President understands it, but a recess, and
that consequently a law would be valid if it had
not been returned during the stipulated time.
I have not read the case lately, but I recollect
it very distinctly, and if that decision is correct
the bill to which the honorable member from
Massachusetts refers and all bills standing in
the same position are now laws of the land.
■ Mr. SUMNER. But the difficulty in the
present case, I take it, is that there is a differ-
ence between the President and Congress as
to the interpretation of the Constitution, at
least so far as regards these laws. The Presi-
dent may for some purpose regard the recent
adjournment as a recess, but there is no reason
to believe that he does not so regard it with
reference to these bills—-that he supposes that
the bill in question has fallen through the recess
taken by Congress. It is under these circum-
stances that it becomes important that the Sen ■
ate should meet the question, either by a new
act of legislation or by a resolution such as that
now suggested by the Senator from Ohio, which
shall declare the true interpretation of the Con-
stitution on this subject. I am perfectly will-
ing that the bill should go to the Committee on
. the Judiciary, with a view to a definite decision
of that question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It appears to me, sir, that
the constitutional law on the subject is perfectly
plain—that this bill has become a law if it has
not been returned with a veto, as it seems it
has not been. But we do not know officially
what view the President takes of it—whether
he has been disposed to permit it to become a
law by not returning it, not being sufficiently
opposed to it to veto it, and not being suffi-
ciently in favor of it to sign it, or whether he
treats it as having fallen. Now, what I sug-
gest is that a resolution of inquiry, such as we
frequently address to the President on any sub-
ject, be sent to him, requesting him to com-
municate to the Senate whether he has omitted
to return this bill on the ground that he did
