1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2753
itiag by any member of the Senate or House of
Representatives from appearing as attorney before
any committee of either House in the District of Co-
lumbia holding sessions, for compensation or wi th-
out it, in any cause, matter, or business pending
before either Hou^e of Congress or before any com-
mittee of Congress in either House or in any court in
the District aforesaid or in the Supreme Court ot the
United States involvinginteiest&ofa public or polit-
ical nature, which may become the subject of legis-
lation by Congress or consideration or action in
either House thereof.
Mr. FAKNSWOIITH. 1 think that is the
law now.
indian lands.
Mr. JULIAN offered the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas the Indian tribes of the United States
have no power by treaty lo dispose of their lands
except the power of cession to the United States; axid
whereas a treaty now being negotiated between
the Great and Little Osage Indians and a special
Indian commission, acting on the part ot the United
States, by which eightmilhon acresof land, belonging
to those Indians, arc to be transferred to the Leaven-
woith. Lawience, and Galveston Kaiiroad Company
in eonti avenUon of the laws and policy of the United
Stat*'5% utfeetimy the public domain: Therefore,
ttcxolvei/, That the Pi evident of the United States
be requested to inform this House by what authority
and for what reason the said lands are to be disposed
of as above rccited, and not ceded to the United States
and made subject to their disposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman will
modify the second preamble by inserting the
words "it is alleged that." I dislike to vote
for it as it is.
Mr. JULIAN. I will make that modification.
The preamble and resolution were agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
adopted : and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
'i he latter motion was agreed to.
taxing government bonds.
Mr. HOLMAN offered the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question
thereon :
liaolocd, That in thejudgment of this House the
bond.-,aiidother securities issued by the United States
which are exempt by law from State and municipal
taxalum ought tu be taxed for national purposes in
amounts substantially eqaal to the' average tax im-
posed on property in the several Statesfor local pur-
p'oses in su. h manner as may substantially equalize
taxa lion, the tax to be deducted fi om the coupons as
tliev become due; and that the Committee of Ways
and Means be instructed to report a bill for the pur-
pose above expressed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the previous ques-
tion will be voted down, and the resolution
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. M AYNARD. I ask my friend to modify
his proposition. If the gentleman will intro-
duce a bill accomplishing the object which he
specilies in this resolution, and have it either
rel'eired to the Committee of Ways and Means
or brought before the House in some other way,
I will cooperate with liini in its passage. The
dilliculty is in doing the thing by a bill which
the resolution specifies ought to be done and
directs to be done.
Mr. BURR. I object to debate.
Mr. MAYNA-RL). Does not an objection
carry it over ?
The SPEAKER. It does not, unless the
previous question is not seconded.
Mr. MAYNAItD. Would it be in order to
move to refer it to the Committee of Ways and
Means ?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the previous
question is voted down.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It would
be better if the gentleman will say "inquire
into the expediency.'' This is absolute. We
never pass such resolutions as this.
Mr. HOLMAN. That amounts to nothing.
I decline to modify it.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 2'J, noes SO; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Allison and Gahjfield.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 37, noes 68.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
40th Oono. 2d Sesp.—"No. 173.
seizure of private papers.
The SPEAKER. On Monday last, at the
■close of the session, a motion to suspend the
rules, made by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldridge,] was pending. That motion
now comes up as the regular order in prefer-
ence to any other business until disposed of.
The Clerk will read the resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
| ^ Resolved, That it was not the purpose or inten-
i tion of this House to authorize the committee of
I managers, and it heroby denies the power or author-
! ity of said managers, under the Constitution, to
, require persons called before them as witnesses to
! produce or give evidence with reference to theirper-
sonal and private papers : and that, in the opinion of
this House, private and personal telegrams are within
the provision ot article lour of the amendments to
! the Constitution, which provides that—
" The right of the prople to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects against unreason-
able searches and seizures shall not be violated, and
no warrants shall issue but upon probable cause,
supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
describing the place to be searched and the persons
or things to be seized"—
And that any violation of the rights intended to bo
secured by said article is an outrage upon personal
liberty which no free people can tolerate or submit to.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that question I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 27, nays 95, not voting 07 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barnes, Beck, Boyer, Burr, Cary,
Bldridge, Get/,, Giossbreimer.Golhiday, Haight, Itol-
man, Jlotehkiss, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mar-
shall, McCormick, McCullough, Niblack, Phelps,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Trump, and Woodward—-7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley. Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Blaine,
Blair, Bromwell, Buckland, Churchill. Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Cuilom,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eggleston.
Ela, Farnswortli, Eeriiss, Ferry, f ields, Garfield,
Uriswold, Harding, Iligby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester D.Hubbard.Ilunter. Jcnckes. Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lafiin, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, J.ough-
ridge, Maynard,McCarthy, McClurg, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, M ullins, Myers, Neivcomb, Nunn, O'N eill,
Orth, Paine. Perhani, Pike, Poland, Polsley, Pome-
roy. Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Seo-
field, Selye, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F.Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Xufle, Taylor, Thomas,
John Trimble, Trowbridge. Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Cad waladerO. Wash burn, Henry
D.Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, John
T. Wilson, and Windom—95.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
James M. Ashley. Axtell, Bailey, Baker. Banks, Bar-
num, Benjamin, Bingham,Bouiwell,Brooks,Brooin-
all, Butler, Cake, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Dodere, Eliot, Kinney, Fox, Gravely, Grover, Halsey,
Hawkins, Asahel W. Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kelsey, Loan, Logan,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Alercur, Morgan, Morrell,
Morrissey, Mungen, Nicholson, Peters, Pile, Plants,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Shanks, Shellabargcr,
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—67.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
leave Oi' absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Kelley, on account of sickness.
daily recess.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the tax bill, I ask unanimous con-
sent that after to-day, during the pendency of
the bill in the Committee of the Whole, the
committee shall take a recess each day from
half past four to half past seven o'clock.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
message from liie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had excused Mr. Grimes from service as a
member of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. C01) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending J une iiO, 18G9,
and has appointed Mr. Nye in his place.
The message also announced that the Senate
had adopted a resolution tendering the thanks
of Congress to Hon. Edwin M. Stanton for tlie
ability, purity, and fidelity with which he has
discharged the duties of Secretary of the De-
partment of War; hi which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended and thellouse resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and
the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair.) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being the
bill (H. R. No. 10G0) to reduce into one act
and to amend the laws relating to internal
""The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
the fh'st reading of the bill has been dispensed
with.
Mr. SCHENCK then addressed the com-
mittee for two hours and a half. [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.]
At the conclusion of his remarks, explana-
tory of the bill,
Mr. SCHENCK said : I thank the commit-
tee for the attention they have given to me
during this very long explanation of what we
now lay before them. I hope that with as
little delay as possible we shall proceed to the
consideration of the bill now before the com-
mittee. As some half dozen or more gentle-
men desire to be heard at length upon this bill,
and upon the various matters connected with
the internal taxes, and which are to be consid-
ered in connection with this bill, I propose to
allow an opportunity for general debate for
the rest of to-day, if we continue our session;
to-morrow if we have anytime, and to-morrow
eveuing. And I trust that by Wednesday
morning at least, when we get into Committee
of the Whole, we shall be enabled to take up
the bill section by section and consider it with
a view to amendments, and its final passage in
such shape as may be determined upon by the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schencic] that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
fiei.d] has given notice that to-morrow morn-
ing he proposes to take up the contested-elec-
tion case of Delano vs. Morgan.
Mr. SCHENCK. That case, I understand,
will come up as a question of privilege imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal. I do
not know whether it is likely to take all day
or not; 1 hope not. We cannot, of course,
contend with a question of privilege. But if
that case should occupy the morning session
we will have the evening session left, during
which gentlemen will be enabled to make their
speeches of half an hour or an hour each, as
the case may be, before the bill is considered
by sections for amendment.
I give notice now that by Wednesday morn-
ing I shall endeavor to begin action upon the
bill in Committee of the Whole, with a view to
amendment and final passage.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I would be
unwilling to trouble the committee upon this
most important bill without more special prep-
aration than I have been able to make, were it
possible for me to remain in the city and par-
ticipate in its discussion at a later day. But
the condition of my health requires that I
should seek repose in the quiet of my home.
I must therefore avail myself of the present
opportunity to otfer some general suggestions,
the pertinence and importance of which will,
I hope, justify the seeming temerity ot follow-
ing the elaborate and well-digested remarks
of the able chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means in an extempore discussion
of the general character of the bill.
First, permit me to thank the Committee of
Ways and Means for the method and industry
exhibited in the preparation of this hill. They
tn  
