346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
is not the Secretary's publication at all. I am
not saying that the Secretary has certified as
fully as he ought to have done, or defending
his having omitted to certify at all, if he has;
but I think my friend will find when he looks
at the laws published under the orders of the
State Department, if the Secretary does his
duty, either at the foot of every law or at the
end of the published series, the official certifi-
cate which the act of 1818 requires the Secre-
tary to give to these published laws as evidence
of their authenticity for use in the courts. I
am sure he will. Certainly the law requires
the Secretary to make such a certificate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. An act of Congress
makes the laws published by Little & Brown
official.
Mr. EDMUNDS Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I think you will find in the
edition of Little & Brown nothing more than
what is in the volume I had before me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the act of Congress
makes their edition evidence everywhere.
There is not any certificate in any of the stat-
utes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator from
Missouri not to misunderstand me. I did |
not get up to defend the particular method j
the Secretary of State has chosen to adopt in I
this case, but merely to suggest to him and to j
the Senate that the law already prescribes all
the guarantees that appear to me to be neces-
sary for securing the authenticity of the par-
ticular kind of bills that become laws from
the failure of the President to sign them.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Missouri that it is not the habit
in the printed edition of the laws to append
the signatures of the Speaker of the House of
Representatives and the President of the Sen-
ate, nor of the President of the United States.
There is a simple note at the end, ''approved,
such a day." The signatures are not given.
I would ask him whether "it is not possible that !
the same rule was followed by the Secretary
of State with regard to his own authentication, i
or rather by the editor of the statute's with
regard to the authentication of the Secretary
of State. He has printed the operative words
of authentication, but has omitted the signa-
ture. That is the way I explain it.
The PRESIDENTprolempore. Themorn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the bill (H. R. No. 207)
to provide for the exemption of cotton from
internal tax.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope this bill may be
referred to the committee by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr.t SHERMAN and Mr. EDMUNDS.
There is no objection to that.
By unanimous consent the bill was read a
second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 331) to facilitate the pay-
ment of soldiers' bounties under the act of
1866 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 365) constituting eight
hours a day's work for all laborers, workmen,
and mechanics employed by or on behalf of the
Government of the United States;
A bill (II. R. No. 369) to prevent frauds in
the collection of the tax on distilled spirits ;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 136) providing
for the sale of iron clads.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
joint resolutions of the Senate:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 70) authorizing
Rear Admiral H. K. Thatcher to accept a dec-
oration from the king of the Hawaiian islands;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 80) in relation to
the erection of a jail in the District of Colum-
' bia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 83) for the
appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution.
cotton tax.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 207) to provide for the exemption of cot-
ton from internal tax, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Conkling to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill until
the third Tuesday in February next.
Mr. CONKLING. The particular occasion
for that motion and the reason for it, if they
have not been superseded entirely, have been
greatly diminished by the time which has
elapsed since it was submitted. I propose,
therefore, now to withdraw the motion to post-
pone, saying, however, that when I have the
opportunity (although it may not be until after
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] shall have been voted upon,
; whether it be adopted or not) I shall offer the
I amendment which I indicated heretofore, con-
fining either the suspension of the tax or its
diminution, whichever may prevail, to a single
year.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York withdraws the motion to
postpone. The question now is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the bill the following:
And that thecropgrown in the year 1867 shall, in all
cases where the said crop may be, at the passage of
this act, in the hands of the producer and not sold or
contracted to be sold, be also exempt fromthe said tax.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inquire if that
amendment is susceptible of amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all after the word
"and," in the first line, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
Upon all cotton remaining unsold by the produ-
cers when this act takes effect: Provided. That no
tax upon cotton heretofore collected shall ever be
refunded.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was not agreed to. «.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We can take them in
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well. I would just as
soon have them in the Senate. I withdraw
the call.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] which
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following:
That upon all cotton grown in the United States
after the year 1867 there shall be assessed and col-
lected the sum of one cent per pound and no more,
to be collected in the manner and form now proscribed
bylaw.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the Sen-
ator from New York to give notice that if that
was adopted he should move an amendment to
it. The question occurs to me, whether, if it be
adopted without moving his amendment first,
it will not be too late to amend it after it is once
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be done in the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I should suppose my
amendment would be in order, in the nature of
a substitute for this, even after this should be
adopted. It would be in order in the Senate
certainly to move to strike this out and substi-
tute my proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better satisfy
yourself as to that before the vote is taken on
this.
Mr. CONKLING. If there is any doubt I
about it, and if it be in order now to offer the
amendment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order now.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will offer it at
this time. Of course the Senator from Indiana
will understand, although the amendment
which I offer be adopted, it will still be in
order for him on the question of amount to
offer his amendment. I take it I do not pre-
clude him by offering the amendment now. I
believe the Secretary has the amendment which
I desire to offer.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in line three to insert the word " raw" be-
fore the word "cotton," and also to strike
out the word "after" and insert the word
"duringand in line four to strike out" 1867"
and to insert " 1868;" so as to make the bill
read :
Thatall rawcotton grown in the United States dur-
ing the year 1868 shall be exempt from internal tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from New
York did not understand my suggestion. As
the question stands now on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Indiana, he
moves to substitute a tax of one cent a pound.
My suggestion was whether it would not be
well for the Senator from New York to move
his amendment confining that reduction to one
year as an amendment to the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana instead of acting
upon this first. It makes no difference to me;
I merely make the suggestion. The Senator
gave notice that if the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana was adopted he should
move to amend that by confining it to one
year. My query was whether, after it was
once adopted, he could so amend it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, acting
upon the suggestion of the Senator from Maine,
J for which 1 am very much obliged to him, I
suppose that I avoid the point which he thinks
may arise, and accomplish the purpose, by
offering the amendment as it is, supposing,
of course, that it will be in order for the Sen-
ator from Indiana after that to propose to add
! a provision that the future tax shall be one cent,
thus reducing the tax which will thereafter be
chargeable upon cotton to one cent. I do not
want to encumber the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Indiana; and if I do so by «iy pres-
ent amendment I will modify the form of the
amendment so as to avoid that result; but it
seems to me we may very well vote in the first
place on the proposition to suspend the present
tax for this year, and then vote, if the Senate
wishes to vote upon that question, on the prop-
osition to lay thereafter a diminished tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that can be reached
the purpose I had in view in my suggestion will
be accomplished.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from New York will allow me to suggest to him
that he now move to amend the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana, which will come first.
Then it will leave the two propositions to be
voted upon on their merits. I think it would
be much preferable to move to add the sug-
gestion made by the Senatorfrom New York in
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana—
that this reduction to one cent per pound shall
only continue for one year.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator from
Vermont indicate just what he proposes now—
the form of the question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Indiana proposes to reduce the tax to
one cent per pound without any limitation. I
suggest to the Senator from New York that he
move a limitation of one year.
Mr. CONKLING. The effect of that would
,be to impose a tax of one cent per pound for
one year, and leave the tax as it stands now to
apply after that year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
taking the sense of the Senate on that propo-
sition, which is, as I understand, an amend-
ment confining the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana in its operation to one single
