173©
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
■ - BTOANCK AND TAXATION.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
if we except the absorbing topic of the im-
peachment of an unfaithful Chief Magistrate
and ot political reconstruction, 110 question
presents at: this hour such vital importance as
the financial condition of the country. With
the vast burden of taxation, business depres-
sion, and disaster which have been forced upon
the country by a policy either corrupt or fool-
ish, and, perhaps, combining both elements,
it is no wonder that a large number of those
who have always been associated with the
national party should be growing restless and
uneasy. Nor is it unnatural that everywhere
men are found almost willing to ignore the
fundamental political necessity of the land—
that which demands the establishment of equal
and exact justice for all before the law—at the
instigation of democratic demagogues, who
seek adroitly to use the burden of taxation, for
which that party is alone responsible, and join
in a'raid against those with whom they have
affiliated in a vain attempt to better the finan-
cial condition of individuals and of commu-
nities. It is, therefore, both from principle
and from policy that those who comprise the
majority should not only face this problem
but Solve it. Surely, sir, the statesmen under
whose leadership a great war was conducted,
who have stood here battling with treachery of
the most heinous character, cowardice of the
most embarrassing kind, and a defiant spir't
which everywhere has made itself felt inju-
riously, are able to properly meet this and all
other issues. I deny to the party which opposed
the war, after having in great part caused its
horrors, and who have been and are now sys-
tematically seeking to prevent a peaceful res-
toration^? the Union, either the capacity or
the patriotism necessary to manage the finan-
cial affairs of this nation in the interests of sound
economy and active loyalty. The financial
restoration we seek to attain must be reached
through the great loyal sentiment of the coun-
try which upheld the banners of the Kepubhc
through the fearful contest for our nationality.
And let me remind gentlemen representing the
dominant party upon this floor that it seems to
me to be far from the public interests to engage
in mutual denunciation of each other because
there is a difference of opinion as to the
methods by which results are to be achieved.
Sir, 1 represent a State not in the far West,
but in the interior of the continent, and where
no favored classes are recognized by the masses
of the people; and because I differ with the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] who
opened this discussion,and who, from the tone
of his speech, seemed to speak in the interests
of the bondholders and the rich as against
the rights and necessities of the poor, I do
not admit his right to number me with the men
who would tarnish the honor of the country
by any species of repudiation because I see
fit to stand l>y the letter and spirit of the law
in the liquidation of our national securities.
Having said this much byway of introduction,
I proceed to the discussion of the financial
situation and of the difficulties by which the
question is surrounded.
Mr.- Speaker, the country needs immediate
relief. When the war closed the loyal States
were in a state of great prosperity. Business
activity everywhere prevailed. During the war
we had been compelled to abandon the general
system of credit which had previously existed.
This fact is not taken into account by those
who now advocate contraction and immediate
resumption.
We are constantly informed of the amount
and volume of the circulating medium which
then existed. But we are not informed of the
large amount of business that was transacted
upon individual " promise to pay." Of this kind
of paper, representing large transactions in
trade, commerce, and all kinds of business,
there was probably not less than a thousand
million dollars in use. Credit accepts such
a circulation. Cash ignores it entirely. Conse-
quently the change in our mode of doing busi-
ness wiped all this out of existence, and in
doing so it created a necessity for a much
larger volume of money as a circulating me-
dium of trade.
Before the war business men with good secur-
ities to offer found no difficulty in obtaining ad-
vances. Banks and money lenders were not then
able, by means of a diminished currency, the
abrogation of credit, and ageneraltralHcin Gov-
ernment bonds, to dictate such extraordinary
rates of interest as virtually to stop all business
of an enterprising or speculative character.
We have about seven hundred million dollars of
paper money in circulation, no coin, except on
the Pacific coast and in Texas, perhaps, and
no credit. Government securities give to the
holder and the dealer in them from nine to
twelve per cent., estimating interest in green-
backs. State usury laws forbid payment of
interest over a certain per cent. Massachusetts
says six; New York seven. Everybody who
dealsin money finds "Governments" the most
profitable tiling in which to traffic.
_ Sir, the larger portion of the national bank
circulation is in the commercial States; so
with the balance of " legal tender" still afloat.
Commercial centers, it is notorious, do not
require by one half as much circulating medium
to carry on their great operations as more
sparsely settled regions and new States do for
their not as_ heavy transactions. Actual money
is needed in the latter ; in the former one
piece of paper may represent during the day
many times its value. So, with the Government
securities to crush out the borrowers, thus stag-
nating enterprise, and with so limited an
amount of money or its representative in cir-
culation that the money-changing and lend-
ing class can control it nearly all, there can
be no wonder that over a million of laboriug
men, North and South, should bo out of em-
ployment.
It is not to be wondered at that these causes
have not only provoked wide-spread dissatis-
faction with the great party to which I belong-
unjustly so as 1 think—but they daily rob the
country of great wealth and so destroy the
nation's ability to pay the debt which a Demo-
cratic war fastened upon us. I said, Mr.
Speaker, the Republican party is not now re-
sponsible for present financial disaster any
more than it is responsible for the great polit-
ical treachery from the evil effects of which
we are suffering. It will, however, be respon-
sible if, knowing the evil, it fails to apply a
remedy. It would have been the part of wis-
dom, it seems to plain common sense men, to
have given the business needs of the South
and West the great advantange of an abun-
dant, not a redundant currency.
The reverse has been the case. Every dollar
of legal tender which could legitimately have
been absorbed in the South would have been
as potent, and even more so, in fostering ac-
quiescence and renewed loyalty as Our bullets
and bayonets were in subduing rebellion. The
confederacy, during the last two years of its
existence, was maintained chiefly by the des-
perate endeavors of a people, who, having
been cunningly involved, were simply fighting
in the rain hope of saving themselves from
financial ruin which defeat was sure to bring.
Every confederate note represented far more
than even its nominal value. It represented
its portion of a life's struggle for pecaniary
independence, with all the hopes and ambi-
tions which cluster around such an endeavor.
When the war ended the entire circulating
medium of the rebels was blotted out of ex-
istence. Did we wisely endeavour to replace
it? Not at all. On the contrary under the San-
grado system of Mr. McCulloch, we have been
most actively engaged in draining the loyal
States of their currency, and in refusing to
give any to the South. We have not only shut
off a much needed supply for the South and
West, but carried out a system of contraction
which has brought us near to general panic
and bankruptcy.
There can be but little doubt that the pres-
ent distress is caused entirely by the policy of
contraction pursued by the Secretary, com-
bined with a burdensome system of internal
taxation and the terrible fears which the polit-
ical treachery of this infamous Administration
have given rise to. Let me, as simply as I
may, present the actual facts in relation to
this policy of contraction, upon which Con-
gress so recently set a seal of condemnation.
In August, 1865, the public debt reached its
highest point, and was made up as follows:
Funded debt.! $1,109,568,191 80
Matured debt  1,503,020 09
1'einporary loans  107,148,718 16
Certificates of indebtedness  85,093,000 00
i'ive por cent, legal-tender notes  33,95-4,280 00
Cou) pound m tercstlegal-tender notes. ?17,024,1(50 00
Seven-thirty notes  880,000,000 00
United States notes, (legal tenders)... 433,100,509 00
Fractional currency  26,344,(42 51
Suspended requisitions uncalled for... 2,111,000 00
Total $2,845,907,626 58
Deduct cash in Treasury  88,218,055 13
Balance $2,757,689,571 43
Of these obligations, it will be noticed,
$684,138,959 were a legal tender, to wit:
United States notes $433,160,569 00
1'ive per cent, notes  33.954,230 00
Compound-interest notes  211,024,160 00
Total $684,138,959 00
There were other items which amounted to
over $K0,000,000, and swelled the totai vol-
ume ot' circulation to about $720,000,000. If
we estimated the then value of the property
and wealth of the Union as about $'20,000,-
000,000, and allowed a margin often per cent,
on this, as the amount necessary for moving
the ordinary business interests of the country,
we should have required a circulating medium
of about $2,000,000,000. Yet we had less than
half this sum, with the extraordinary demands
presented by the condition of the South and the
rapid development of the West, consequent
upon the activity of the country being turned
in that direction. What course was pursued
by the head of the Treasury Department?
Within twenty'one months Mr. McCulloch has
succeeded in reducing the volume of currency
from $720,000,000 to §570,000,000, a reduc-
tion of $150,000,000. At the same time he
has paid considerably over $400,000,000 of
the national debt. It would appear as if this
financial management, was part and parcel of
the administrative and executive policy that
seems to have been cunningly designed for no
other purpose than national destruction.
Mr. McCulloch tells us in his report that his
object has been to convert interest-bearing
notes, temporary loans, and the bonds which
were distinctly to be paid in "legal tender,"
into gold-bearing bonds and to contract the
paper circulation by the redemption of United
States notes. "This policy," the Secretary
says, " he has pursued to his own satisfaction ;
and," as he believes, "to that of a large ma-
jority of the people." Of the first portion of
tiie statement there can be no doubt. Mr. Mc-
Culloch is not a gentleman who will be likely to
lose faith in his own wisdom and capacity.
Butthe latter portion required a larger amount
of egotism to make than did even the utter-
ance of that remarkable harangue in which this
financier stigmatized theThirty-Ninth Congress
as a "tinkering Congress." Sir, the restora-
tion of rebels to power as the aim of the White
House, and the destruction of the national
prosperity as the chief result of financial mis-
management, are strands in a terrible rope
twined by this Administration for the nation's
strangulation. The Secretary makes this ex-
hibit of the results of liis policy of contraction
and funding:
" Since the first day of September, 1805, the tempo-
rary loans, the certificates of indebtedness, and the
nvo percent. rotes have all been paid, (with the ex-
ception ot sraali amounts of each not presented for
payment,; the compound-interest notes hare been
reduced trom $217,024,160 to $71,$75,010, (^11,560,000
navwg been taken up with three per cent, eerf fi-
Jt aTid three-tenth notes from $So0,-
000,000 to &3o/,9j8,800; the United Statesnotes, includ-
A1^aok10n^I-?ur?ency  fr°m S45y.50o.311 51 to £o37,~
 u,477 while the cash in the Treasury has beea
