3778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
compromised must, of course, rest on the mere
facts of the case rather than upon the law ; and
I do not see what additional security the Gov-
ernment gets from consulting the Attorney
General. I do not think we shall derive any
advantage at all from such a provision, for the
very reason that as the case must depend on
the facts which are not within his knowledge,
his recommendation would amount to very
little indeed. The great difficulty is to make
some provision for the settlement of cases of
controversies as they happen to arise before
they are brought into court. I think that a
very dangerous practice. It cannot be denied
that it will necessarily open the door to great
temptation and to frequent frauds on the part
of tne officers of the Government, for it is in
effect almost holding out an invitation to per-
sons engaged in the administration of this law
to get up eases against parties for the very pur-
pose of compromising them and making some-
thing out of them and putting it into their own
pockets.
I do not say that it is conven-ient, or even
possible, perhaps, to frame a law which shall
be entirely free from such an objectionable
provision; but I think we ought to be very
strict about it, and to give no more discretion-
ary authority to officers of the Government
than is absolutely necessary. Where the line
is to be drawn 1 really am not able myself to
see just at this time: but I am clear in one
thing, that I would not impose on the Attorney
General this additional burden contemplated
by this amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
He cannot look into the subject as it ought to
be examined because ho has not the means
of ascertaining the facts of the case. Where
do the facts come from ? Where is the original
proof, the original evidence upon which a com-
promise is to be made ? It is presented in the
first instanco ordinarily by the officers of the
revenue to the district attorney. The district
attorney is first informed by the informers what
the facts are in regard to a particular case.
He derives his information from them; and
if afterward he undertakes to make any recom-
mendation in the case, his recommendation
must of course rest entirely on the veracity
and reliability of his informers. These in-
formers in many cases, not to say in most cases,
we all know to be men upon whose veracity
the world is not very generally willing to rely.
I think myself, if it were practicable, it would
be safer for the Government in all cases to
permit no compromise unless a suit- had been
actually brought in court and the pleadings
put in, and something like the facts of the case
developed before the public. After that, if
the case should present peculiar grounds of
hardship to the accused, so frame your bill
that the facts may be made public, may be
made known, and somebody held responsible
for the compromise made.
As a question of principle, Mr. President, I
certainly should be in favor of such a provision,
and in favor of excluding from the law this
discretionary authority to settle controversies
before _ they have been brought into court.
There is the point of difficulty in this whole
case, that it is to bo done privately, secretly,
when the eyes of the world are not upon it,
when it is impossible for the public really,
in most cases I mean, to ascertain what the
real nature of the ease is.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the Senate
has passed at this session—I am not sure
whether the House of Representatives have
concurred in it or not—a bill abolishing the
solicitors of the Court of Claims and providing
for the appointment of two Assistant Attorneys
General, and casting upon these officers the
duty of attending to suits in that court. It is
very doubtful whether those two can properly
discharge that duty, for there are some thou-
sand or more of cases in that court; and the
result of the measure will be to leave the
Attorney General alone to attend to the busi-
ness proper of his office as it exists under
present laws, which is to give opinions to all
the heads of Departments that may from time
to time request opinions of him, and to the
President, and to try all the Government cases
that may be ir the Supreme Court either by
appeal from the decisions of the Court of
Claims or from the several circuits.
It is very obvious that duties so extensive as
these can be of themselves hardly adequately
discharged by any one man. They require not
only a high order of ability and great profes-
sional knowledge, but they require the greatest
possible industry; they will take up nearly all
the time any man can devote to them. Now,
it is proposed by this bill to cast upon him
duties that will very seriously increase his
labors, and duties which I think he is very unfit
to discharge. He cannot know except through
the district attorney of the district where the
case may be pending, or through the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, what the facts of
each case are; and when he is called upon to
decide on statements made by those officeis,
either individually or conjointly, it will very
often happen that whether lie is to dismiss the
suit or not will depend upon how he may view the
facts in each case. Sometimes it may depend
upon his opinion of the law. In the execu-
tion of this internal revenue bill, I can imagine
that hundreds and hundreds of cases will be
sent to him almost monthly that it will be
impossible for him properly to attend to; and
the result will be, unless he declines altogether
for want of time, if he attends to them all,
that he will take the statement of the district
attorney or the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
It is true, as stated by my friend from Indi-
ana, as I believe, that one of the difficulties
which we have had in connection with the rev-
enue under this particular tax has been a want
of integrity on the part of some of the subordi-
nate officers, and perhaps that want of integrity
may have been found in some of the district
attorneys. We cannot expect to find integrity
in all the multitude of officers the United States
have. That would be almosta chimerical hope.
But we must trust the officers; and the only
safeguard that we have against suffering from
their want of integrity is to be found, I think,
in punishing them criminally. Make it a crim-
inal offense for a district attorney to settle a
case wrongfully, and knowing that it is wrong-
ful, and he will, perhaps, very seldom bo found
to commit that wrong.
But what I rose for was merely for the pur-
pose of saying that the hill, by the amendment
proposed by the honorable chairman in behalf
of the committee, will so add to the labors of
the Attorney General that it will be impossible
for him properly to discharge them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the bill by striking out sections one hun-
dred and two and one hundred and three,
which are as follows :
Banks and Bankers.
Sec. 102. And be it further enacted, Thai there shall
be levied, collected, and paid a tax of one twelfthof
one per cent, each month upon the average amount
of the deposits of money, other than public money
of the United States, subject to payment by check
or draft, or represented by certificates of deposit or
otherwise, whether payable on demand or a.t some
future day,'with any person, bank, association, com-
pany, or corporation engaged in the business of bank-
ing, and a tax of one lourth of ouu pei cent, each
month on the average amount of all deposits of public
money in their possession to the credit of the Treas-
urer or any disbursing officer of the United States;
and a tax of one twenty-fourth of oue per cent, eaen
month, as aforesaid, upon the capital of any bank,
association, company, or corporation engaged in the
busine&s of bauking. and on the capital employed
by any person in the business, of banking, beyond the
averago amountinvested in United States bouda; and
a tax of one sixthjof one per cent, each month upon
the average amount ofcireulation issued by any bank,
association, corporation, company, or person, includ-
ing as circulation all certified checks and all notes
and other obligations calculated oi intended to cir-
culate or to be used as money, but not including that
in the vault of the bank, or redeemed and on dsposit
for said bank. And atrue and accurate return of the
amount of circulation, of deposit, and of capital, as
aforesaid, and of the amount of notes of persons.
State banks and State banking associations, and of
States, cities, towns, or othermumcipal corporations
paid out by them for the previous month, shall be
made and rendered monthly by each of them to the
assessor of th9 district in which such bank, associa-
tion, corporation, or company may be located, or in
which such person has his place of business, with a
declaration annexed thereto, verified by the oath
orafiirmation of such person, or <>f the president
or cashier of such bank, association. corporation,
or company in such form and maimer as may br de-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
And for any refusal or ncglect to make or to ren-
der such return and pay th" tax, any such ban k,
association, corporation, company, or person so in
defnultshallbesubject to and pay a nenalty of §C00,
besides the additional penalty and iorfeiturts ui
other cases provided by law; and in default of such
return the several amounts subject to tax shall
be estimated bythe assessor, or assistant a^3e:?sor, on
the best information ho C3n obtain. And in theca-e
of banks with branches, each branch shall make a
separate return, and the tax shall be assessed on each
severally. And so much of the forty-first section of
the act to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof, approved
June 3,186-i, as imposes a tax on the banks organized
under that act, and requires returns to be made to
the Treasurer of the United Sta'es, be, and is hereby,
repealed: Provided, Thatthc deposits in associati ns
or companies known as provident institutions, sav-
ings-banks, savings funds, or savings institutions,
having no capital stock and dmng no other business
than receiving deposits to be loaned or invested for
the sole benefit of the parties making such deposits,
without profit or compensation to the association or
company, shall be exempt from tax on &«> much of
their deposits as they have invested in securities of
the United States, and on all deposits less than $500
made in the name of any one person ; and the returns
required to bomade by such provident institutions
and savings banks shall be madcon the first Monday
of January and July of each s ear, in such form and
manner as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
Sec. 103. And be it farther enacted, That every
national banking association. State bank, or State
banking association, corporation, company, or per-
son engaged in the business of banking, shall pay a
tax of ten per cent, on the amount of notes of any
peison. State bank, or State banking association, or
of any State, town, city, or other munioip.il corpora-
tion, used for circulation and paid out by them, and
such tax shall be assessed and paid in su«ii manner
as shall bo prescribed by law, and by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue: Provided, That this
section shall not apply to banks, persons, or institu-
tions which are in liquidation and wnich have not
issued any notes for circulation for a period of more
than one year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section one hundred and four, now become
one hundred and two, to which no amendment
was proposed, was read, as follows:
Sec. [104] 102. And be it further enacted. That when
any tax is imposed, and the mode or time of assess-
ment or collection is not provided for, the same shall
be established by regulation of the Commission r of
Internal Revenue; and the Commissioner is author-
ized to make all such regulations, not otherwise pro-
vided for, as may become necessary by reason of any
change of law in relation to internal revenue made
by this act.
Section [one hundred and five] one hundred
and three was next read, as follows:
Sec. [105] 103. And be it further enacted. That where
not otherwise distinctly expressed or manifestly
incompatible with the intent thereof, the word " per-
son," as used in this act, shall be construed to mean
and include a firm, partnership, association, com-
pany, or corporation, as well as a natural person;
and words of the masculine gender, as applied to
persons, to mean and include the feminine gender;
and the singular number to mean and include the
plural number; and the word "State" to mean and
include a Territory and District of Columbia; and
the word " county" to mean and include p.u 5«h, dis-
trict, #r other equivalent territorial subdivision ot a
State.
Section [one hundred and six] one hundred
and four was next read, as follows:
Sec. [100] 104. Andbeit further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of
this act are hereby repealed: Provided, That all the
provisions of said acts shall be in forcc for levying
and collecting all taxes properly assessed or liable to
be assessed, or accruing under the provisions of
former acts, the right to whicti has already accrued
or may hereafter accrue under said acts, and for main-
taining and continuing liens, fines, penalties, and
forfeitures incurred under and by virtue thereof.
And for carrying out and completing all proceedings
which have been already commenced or that may bo
commenced to enforce such fines, penalties, and for-
feitures, or criminal proceedings under said acts,
and for the punishment of crimes of which ar.y party
shall be or hasbeenfound guilty: Ami provided fur-
ther, That ho office created by the said acts and con-
tinued by this act shall be vacated by reason ot any
provitions herein contained, but the officers hereto-
fore appointed shall continue to hold the said olhces
without reappointment until their successors, or ot her
oilicers to perform their duties, respectively,shull be
appointed as provided in thio^ct: And provided far'
thcr. That whenever the duty imposed by any exist-
ing law shall cease in consequence of any limitation
therein contained before the respective provisions
of this act shall take effect, the same duty oi tux
shall be, aud is hereby, continued until such provis-
ions of thi3 act shall take effect; and whore any aet
