2754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
have done a great work for the country in re-
ducing to order and system the internal revenue
laws. And I hope that before Congress rises
their bill will, with sacli amendments as the
Committee of the Whole and the House may
 determine to make, be adopted. It will be a
£ great relief to the industry and enterprise of the
g country, and I may say a great stimulant to the
morals of the people. Our law is now in such
a condition that it is a fountain of demorali-
zation. The revenue service is becoming dis-
creditable, and honorable men dislike to admit
that they belong to it. Many of the taxes it
imposes are worse than injudicious; and that on
distilled spirits has been demonstrated to be not
only excessive but unnatural. Itisnot only not
adapted to the condition of our country, which
is too broad for the surveillance of a metro-
politan police, but was adopted and is in entire
disregard of the infirmities of average human
nature. The wisest prayer uttered by men is
that they may not be led into temptation! But
our Government has overwhelmed its agents
by subjecting them to the irresistible tempta-
tions the whisky ring are able to present under
existing laws.
Few well-informed men will assert that less
than one hundred million gallons of whisky
have been distilled in this country during the
last year. The legal tax on this amount would
be 5200,000,000. Yet our receipts have been
only about thirteen million dollars, as we have
just been told by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of AVays and Means, [Mr. Schexck,]
to whom I tender my thanks for his able
exposition of the provisions of the bill and the
condition of the internal revenue service. Last
year more than twenty-nine million dollars
were collected from whisky—this year, less
than one half of that sum, and by the collection
of this insignificant amount we have enabled
swindlers to extract from the honest consumers
of the country not less than $100,000,000.
And yet those to whom the execution of
jjour laws for the collection of this tax is con-
fided are sealed and bound by oaths at all
points, and there is not one of your revenue
oBieers who has connived at any part of this
immense and wide-spread robbing of the Gov-
ernment, who has not clothed his soul with per-
jury as with a garment. There is not a man
connected with the business who is not steeped
in that terrible crime, because our law makes
it inevitable, that he must commit it if he is
not prepared to abandon the capital he has
invested and the business he once pursued
with honor. You cannot impose restraints,
and couple them with temptations which aver-
age men cannot resist, and enforce your re-
straints by law, one whit more than you can by
your statutes reverse the laws of gravitation.
And experience proves that in this matter of
a tax ot two dollars per gallon on whisky we
have undertaken an experimentnot more plaus-
ible than that of regulating gravitation or the
course of the stars by statute.
Sir, our legislation has diverted the produc-
tion of distilled spirits from its natural locality
the grain-fields of the West and the South-
west and concentrated it in the cities of the
sea-board. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means tells us that the frauds
are chiefly perpetrated in Philadelphia and
i ^ '10Pe>. s'.r, that they are; for I am
told by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
that one house in Philadelphia has, within the
knowledge of the Department, sold more
whisky than the aggregate amount for which
the Government has received tax in the whole
State of Pennsylvania; but, differing from the
chairman of the committee, he said that in this
bad eminence Philadelphia is overshadowed
by New York. Sir, it is affirmed by common
rumor that one of the New York agents of the
Revenue Bureau, whose name has recently
become distinguished in another connection,
has saved from his little salary more than two
million of well-invested dollars in the brief
period of about two years.
Our legislation has not only transferred the
seat of the manufacture of whisky and high
wines, but it has changed the substances from
which we produce them. The whisky of Amer-
ica is no longer distilled from the grain of our
fields, but we import, .we buy with gold from
foreign lands, the material with which to make
an inferior article; and the money which
should go West is carried in foreign bottoms,
paying freight -to foreign ship-owners, to buy
foreign material from which to make of infe-
rior quality that which naturally, under a rea-
sonable system of laws, would be made of far
superior quality amid the green fields of Illi-
nois, Wisconsin, Kansas, and the other grain-
growing States.
More than this, sir; our legislation on this
subject has changed the personnel of the whole
trade. (-So into whichever of the cities you
please, and you will no longer find the names
of the old-established distillers and rectifiers,
or if you find their names you will also find
that the personnel of the establishment has
changed; and it has come to pass that a busi-
ness requiring large capital and broad premises
is in the hands of strangers and men who are
unknown to their neighbors, many of whom,
as I was assured within a fortnight by a dis-
tinguished officer of the revenue department,
would be engaged in burglary or highway
robbery, or expiating such crimes in peniten-
tiaries, but that they find it safer and vastly
more profitable to deal in illicit whisky and
swindle the Government and honest trades-
men. Let gentlemen consult their constitu-
ents and ask who have taken the places of hon-
orable men who years ago added to the wealth
of the community by their industry and integ-
rity in the distilling and rectifying business.
Few gentlemen will. I apprehend, be willing
to exhibit the names and aliases of the men
now engaged in either trade in their respective
districts and endorse the list as a roll of honor.
Victims of black mailing and illicit but pro-
tected competition, honorable men have aban-
doned or are preparing to abandon the busi-
ness.
By defying the limitations of human nature
we have reversed the course of the carrying trade
in this matter, and instead of whisky coming
over the railroads from the West—whisky made
from grain and within proper limits nutritious
—your roads arefreighted westward with whisky
distilled from molasses, and bound to kill at forty
rods. Were whisky used only as a beverage,
I would not deplore this fact; but its chief con-
sumption is in the arts of general production.
And what effect is it having upon the general
industry of the country? It is closing manu-
factures of chemical establishments for the
production of peifumery, and for the manu-
facture of varnish, and a large number of
other articles. It is diminishing the general
production of the country, and lessening the
wages of large classes of skilled laboring
people. Sir, there is within my district one
chemical works which has been largely engaged
in the production among others of alcoholic
drugs, such as chloroform, and using alcohol as
asoivent for ingredients in other drugs, such as
quinine. From a small beginning the gentlemen
conducting this establishment had increased
their consumption of alcohol to about one
hundred and forty thousand gallons per annum.
But, sir, being conscientious men, who are
unwilling to violate the laws, though theymight
do so with impunity, and who abide by their
pledge to the Philadelphia Drug Exchange to
consume no alcohol that has not paid its tax,
their consumption has been reduced to fifteen
thousand gallons per annum, and their skilled
workmen are being scattered or earning the
poor wages of unskilled laborers in employ-
ments to which they are unused. But, sir, this
is not all the harm done the community in this
behalf, for men who will make contracts with
fraudulent distillers are stocking the market
with inferior drugs, or the finer articles my
constituents formerly produced are being im-
ported in foreign bottoms and paid for in gold,
freight being paid to foreign ship-owners in
each direction on the importation of the com-
modity, and the export voyage of the gold we
so much need.
The people of the Northwest, it seems to me,
are specially interested in this question. They
will find that they cannot afford to expel from
their inland section of the country any branch
of manufactures. They need the opportunity
to export their grain concentrated in the form
of whisky, high wines, or other manufactures.
I am no Cassandra and they will not believe me,
but I tell them they are entering upon a com-
petition that will exclude them from the mar-
kets of the world, if they depend upon the export
of their grain in bulk as food or mere raw mate-
rial. Do you mark, gentlemen of Missouri,
Illinois, and Wisconsin, that California is loud
in the expression of her gratitude for the fact
that one hundred and thirty vessels have been
added to the fleet for carrying her grain to
New York and transatlantic ports? They can
send grain in bulk twenty-three thousand miles
to the seaboard of New England or Old Eng-
land at less cost for transportation than you
Can send yours to the seaboard by rail, Ore-
gon is groaning under her crop of whef>t, and
her people are fearing that means of i's trans-
portation to market may not be at liht.d. But
this distant competition is not what you have
most cause to dread. The South, no longer
your customer for food for man i.nd beast,
looms up your competitor. Her advantages
over you are manifold as theya>e manifest.
She lies between you and the ocean. Her grain
fields are upon the banks of navigable rivers
which flow to the Gulf or the ocean, and at or
near the mouth of each is a seaport. From
Norfolk around to Galveston. Texas, the grain
of the farmers of the several States may be
floated to the sea-board upon raf'is and there
find shipping. England and western Europe
are not the countries to which we chiefly export
grain and flour. Our chief markets for these
are Central and South America, and the islands
to which the southern States are neighbors:
and I tell you that if the people of the far
Northwest do not take heed, and by diversify-
ing their industry convert their raw materials
into more compact productions, the day is not
three years distant when their crops will waste
in the fields for the want of a market to which
they will pay the cost of transportation.
These may seem to be idle statements. But
you, gentlemen from the upper Mississippi
and the Missouri, know that arrangements are
making for carrying jour grain in baiges to
New Orleans for shipment thence. The rivers
of the South are never ice bound as yours are
through a long winter. Sir, the ablest pamph-
let upon the resources of this county I have
read in many years is that from the pen of
Hon. John B. Robertson, of Louisiana, who
tells the people of that State that on four mil-
lion acres of her soil which are yet unbroken
by the plow experiment has demonstrated
the fact that sixty bushels of wheat to the acre
may be raised—sixty bushels of southern wheat
that will bear transportation through the trop-
ics, as spring-sown northern wheat will not.
Gentlemen laugh and shake their heads : but
when I tell them that six hundred bushels of
sweet potatoes to the acre is not in that re-
gion more than a fair average crop, they may
imagine that the land is somewhat more fertile
than that they have been accustomed to man-
age. Seven hundred bushels of that esculent
are frequently produced from the acre. But
if each acre will yield but twenty budiels near
a seaport the competition will be disastrous
to the grain-grower of the remote interior.
But, sir, I have wandered into a digression,
but shall esteem myself fortunate in bavin?
rendered the country a service if some few
gentlemen note the tacts I have suggested and
ponder them. To return to the subject—I say
to gentlemen that they need the distillery aniJ
the rectifying establishment, that whisky, high
"wines, lard, and oil, ratb& than grain in bulk,
shall seek a market from their region. It will
be better for all if we of the East consume
