1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2755
your productions than it can be if your con-
stituents are to continue to consume whisky
concocted in enlarged tea and coffee-pots in
cellars and garrets from imported molasses.
Entertaining the views I have expressed,
I rejoiced to hear the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means suggest a reason
why the tax of two dollars had been but nom-
inally retained, and express the hope that the
House would not sustain it. But, Mr. Chair-
man, he proposes in the name of the committee
that the tax shall be fixed at seventy-five cents.
It is an immense reduction, but it does not go
quite low enough to check the fraud or to
restore this immense trade to its naturalchan-
nels. While sick at my home last week, I took
the liberty of inviting to my bedside some
of the best distillers and,chemists of Philadel-
phia ; and separately and apart as they came
interrogated them as to the cost of molasses
whisky and the point at which the tax might
safely be placed ; and there was unanimity
among them in saying that at seventy-five
cents molasses whisky in the hands of men
with some capital, could incur the risks of the
law, and make a fair profit. The reduction
would doubtless diminish the production of
whisky from molasses and thus reduce the
price of molasses to such a point as to enable
skillful men to operate with the certainty of
large gains. They also agreed that at sixty
cents the ground would be debatable, but if
Congress wanted to shut molasses whisky out
from competition and to contend only with
such fraud as might be effected at regular dis-
tilleries, and rectil'ying establishments the tax
should be put at the maximum of fitly cents ;
and that every cent below that until it reached
twenty-five would be a guard of the revenue,
an additional guard thrown round the revenue
and a diminution of the temptation the Gov-
ernment is nowofferingfor perjury, conspiracy,
and fraud. I hope, therefore, the tax will be
reduced to at most fifty cents ; and if I am able
to be in my seat and find my vote will be
effective in bringing it to forty cents, I will |
cast it with the belief thatwhileit will save the j
revenues of the Government, still better, it will ^
save the morals of the people by diminishing i
the temptations to which they are subjected. j
I desire to say, Mr. Chairman, that when I !
feared that two dollars might be adhered to as i
thetaxbythecommittee.and that the industries j
of the country would be taxed $200,000,000 in ;
order that the infamous "whisky ring" might j
continue to riot in fat living and amass colossal j
fortunes, and that the Government, except in ;
special taxes, as provided for in the bill, would i
receive no more revenue from this source than |
it has been getting, I was of the opinion that j
the taxes proposed in the bill were inordinate. ;
The estimates, as we get them from the present j
Secretary of the Treasury, have always been j
vastly in excess of expenditures, and vastly j
' below the actual receipts of revenue. The Sec-
retary's estimates have notbeen candid. Under
the pretense of a desire to extinguish the prin- :
cipal of the debt it has seemed to be his policy
to reduce the rewards of labor and prevent the
development of the natural wealth of thecoun- ,
try. Misled by his false estimates, at fault ;
hundreds of millions of dollars each year, we ;
have burdened the industry and restrained the i
progress of the country in wealth and power. I j
am unwilling to be longer thus deluded by that !
system. For my own parti ain determined to
vote for the lowest possible amount of taxation :
that will provide with certainty for the payment j
of the current expenses of the Government i
and the interest on the public debt. j
I find in the report of the Special Commis-
sioner of Revenue, Mr. Wells, made in January, !
1808, a passage which I will read as illustra- (
tive of the truth of my assertion and the cor- j
rectness of my theory: j
" That the United States is the only one of the lead- j
ins? nations of the world whi&h is at present materi- I
ally diminishing its debt and reducing its taxes; and |
the only one, moreover, which offers any substantial i
evidence of its ability to pay its debt within anydef- !
irate period, or even anticipates the probability of :
j; any such occurrence. In proof of which w,e submit
the following statements and statistics:
"The figures already presented demonstrate that
;i the United States, from the 31st of August, I860, to
!, the 31st October, 1807, substantially reduced its lia-
,i bilities by the sum of over two hundred and sixty-
II six million dollars, or at an average rate of over ten
I millions per month for the whole include'} period;
!; and that during the year ending June 30, 1867, taxa-
|: tion was reduced by law to an estimated amount
II of from eighty to one hundred million dollars per
|| annum."
Sir, the Commissioner also informs us that
|| our revenues do not diminish proportionately
|| with the reduction of taxation.
' After presenting a tabular statement of the
I revenues of the Government for the years 1860
j and 1807, he says:
II "A eompaiisonof the figures above presented indi-
• I cates a tailing off in the receipts of internal revenue
; for the fiscal year 1807, as compared with those of
I, 1866, $44,986,509. Such a falling oil, however, is appa-
rent and not real, as will be evident when the great
reduction of internal revenue taxes, made by Con-
gress during the last fiscal year, is taken into the
account. To what extent this reduction has actually
amounted cannot bo precisely stated, but the taxes
abated or repealed at the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress were estimated as sufficient to occa-
sion an annual loss of revenue, taking the returnsof
the preceding fiscal year as a precedent, of about
sixty million dollars; while the further abatement
at the second session ot the same Congress was like-
wise estimated,including thereduction of themcome
tax, at from thirty to (ortymilhondollars. It would,
therefore, have been nothing but reasonable to inter
that the revenues for the last fiscal year (1866-67)
would have fallen short of the aggregate of the pre-
ceding year (13b5-68) by an amount equal to the
reduction of the taxes, the effect of which was fully
experienced during the period refeired to; which
reduction may be prudently estimated at from sixty
to seventy million dollars. In addition to this.it
should be remembered that the last fiscal year in the
United States was a year of great commercial and
mercantile depression—a year in which the crops in
all sections ot the country were much below an
average, and in which manufacturing operations
were extensively interfered with by disagreements
between employers and their operatives; and yet,
notwithstanding all this, the internal revenue did
not fall off to an extent commensurate with the
amount of taxes abated or repealed; but, on the
contrary, exhibited a comparative net gain of from
fifteen to twenty-five million dollars."
Sir, this is not miraculous or even wonder-
ful, for our country is expanding in resources
and taxable population beyond the degree in
which any country or people ever before
expanded, Six hundred miles, said the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Buooks,] into
the Indian territory your Pacific railroad now
runs. Yes, sir; in the midst of what but last
year were plains and hills, to which civiliza-
tion was a stranger, is now the flourishing
city of Cheyenne, with its tax-paying popu-
lation thriving and prospering, and along the
whole six hundred miles of that road beyond
the infant city of Omaha are people who, two
years ago, were citizens of other lands or
among the landless laborers of this country,
who this year, in their new and independent
homes, will contribute to the revenues of the
country through the various departments of
the internal tax law and by the generous con-
sumption of dutiable goods.
" Three-fifths of all other persons,'' is the
language with which the Constitution refers to
four million of our people—those four millions
who hitherto lived without the use of money,
and were habitually clad in such garments as
you give the pauper and prisoner, where these
unfortunates receive least sympathy—to-day
walk erect in man and womanhood. They
handle money which their labor earns. They
occupy homes. Many thousands of them own
lands, and standing up under their own vine
and tig tree acknowledge no man as master,
and asking 110 man to supply their wants, con-
tribute to the revenues of the Government.
Four million additional consumers of taxa-
ble and dutiable goods. They are using the
matches which pay to the Government a
penny a box; and no longer going barefoot
they contribute to the income of the Govern-
ment when they buy the blacking with which
to polish their boots. And, sir, there are
another four million dwelling amoug them,
the poor whites of the South, who were as
innocent as they of matches and blacking, and
imported silks or ribbons, through which they
j now, or soon will, contribute to the support
j of the Government which has enfranchised
them also.
Three hundred thousand emigrants a year
are coming in steady flowing streams to swell
the taxable resources of the country ! • Eight
million of.people elevated from a condition
little above that of the brute into tax-paying
j and dutiable goods-consuming people! And *
1 can we in view of these facts estimate the future
from data furnished by the past? No, sir, we
cann ot from any on e year calculate the resources
of the country in the next unless we impose
upon our industry such burdens as will pre-
vent its profitable employment, check immi-
gration, and restrain the development of our
wondrously varied resources.
Three years ago the vast coal-bed of the
West, underlying an area of one hundred and
twenty-six thousand square miles; embracing
a part of Kentucky, five thousand miles; apart
of Indiana, fifteen thousand; the greater part
of Illinois, thirty-live thousand; and stretch-
ing under the Mississipi river and underlying
nearly the whole State of Missouri and a large
part of Kansas, together with that other won-
derful coal formation additional to that to
which I have referred, and separated from it
by narrow rocky strata, which underlies nearly
the whole State of Iowa, were scarcely recog-
nized exceptat Covington, Kentucky, as among
the material resources of the country. But
the ore of Iron mountain, in Missouri, as I have
hitherto suggested to the House, is now carried
011 trains to the interior of Indiana, where, by
the use of native coal, purer than has been
known on the other side of the Atlantic, purer
than I had ever seen before, it is being con-
verted into every form of utility to which iron
may be applied, and supplying the whole West
with better and cheaper iron and steel than it
has hitherto been able to purchase; and the
train that brings the rich ore to Indiana carries
back to Missouri coal superior even to that of
the Big Muddy, thus demonstrating the possi-
bility of building up at either point an iron and
steel industry before which those of England,
France, Belgium, and even Prussia, justly
famous as is her Krup, will sink into compara-
tive insignificance.
The true policy of this country, in view of
its vast resources, and of the rapid and steady
aggregation and exaltation of its people, is for
the present to reduce taxation to the minimum,
to relieve its industry and its resources from
every burden possible, to see to it that all just
demands on the Government are amply pro-
vided for, and to leave the principal of the
debt to be liquidated by express provision when
the people of the South shall have recovered
from the ravages of war, and when, enlightened
by experience, the Northwest shall have ad-
justed itself to the competition it is to endure
from the grain-growing capacity of the South,
and the determination of her people to revenge
themselves so far as they can upon their con-
querors by growing grain and monopolizing the
markets open to American grain. I hope,
therefore, that though I may be absent during
the consideration of this bill, others will see to
it that every tax that can with safety be reduced
which touches the industry of the country or
annoys the people by its impertinent exaction
will be reduced.
And in this connection I turn to schedule
A. which imposes a tax upon a $300 carriage,
upon a gold watch, upon the piano you have
provided for your daughter, and which requires
citizens to account for the spoons and forks in
use in their houses, whether given to them as
a wedding present or preserved as a little
memorial of the fact that they had distant
ancestors,
A Member. It is not taxed unless kept for
use.
Mr. IvELLEY. When it comes into use it
beconics taxable. After the baby is born the
pap-spoon is taxable, until then it may, as a
present, escape the tax collector's inquisition.
The whole amount of taxes collected under
