1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
year, namely, 1868. Is that the Senator's prop-
osition?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
moving that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator so modify his amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; I modify my
amendment so as to make it an amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
I have not in mind the precise phraseology of
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
but my amendment should provide in sub-
stance that the diminution provided by that
amendment shall apply only to the year 1868.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall not support any
of these amendments, but I suggest to the
Senate whether it is not best to take the tote
upon each proposition separately, and then, as
a matter of course, the Committee on Finance
will be very glad to conform its action to the
action of the Senate. I hope, therefore, the
vote will be taken directly on the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. JOHNSON. At the price which the
article commands now at the South, where it
is sold, one cent per pound would be a tax of
about ten per cent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator suspend his remarks while the amend-
ment is reported, so that we may understand
precisely the question?
Mr. CONKLING. To save trouble, I will
move formally to amend the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana by striking out the
words " after the year 1867 " and inserting in
lieu of those words "during the year 1868,"
so that the amendment will provide that the
tax shall be one cent a pound ou all raw cotton
raised during the year 1868.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let it be
read at the desk.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment
to the amendment, which was in the first line
of the amendment to insert the word "raw"
before the word " cotton and in the second
line to strike out " after the year 1867" and to
insert "during the year 1868;" so as to make
the amendment of Mr. Morton read :
That upon all raw cotton grown in the United
States during the year 1868 there shall be assessed
and collected the sum of one cent per pound and no
more, to be collected in manner and form now pre-
scribed by law.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, if
the Senator from Maryland will pardon me a
word, I will say that I offer the amendment in
that form in deference to what I see are the
wishes of other Senators. My own impression
is that it is taking the question in the form :
weakest for those whose opinions are like my !
own. I think if the Senate had an opportunity
to vote on the question of suspending the tax
for one single year that proposition would
command a vote which will not be given in
favor of a simple diminution of the tax for one
single year. i
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Senate
that I have no wish to amend it. The sug-
gestion I made I thought carried out the prop-
osition the Senator first started with. If he is <
of a different opinion I do not wish him to
change his motion on my account. i
Mr. CONKLING. I am very glad to put
the amendment in that form, because I see 1
it is the wish not only of the Senator from
Maine but of other Senators ; and yet if the
proper time shall come for it, I think we ought
to have a vote on the Bimple question of sus-
pension, provided it be the will of the Senate
to do anything in disturbing the tax.
Mr. JOHNbON. I should have preferred,
as the Senate know from the fact of my offer-
ing an amendment to that effect, to apply the
repeal so as to embrace the crop of the present'
year. The Senate have thought differently,
and that matter is, of course, settled. Now,
the honorable member from Indiana proposes
to levy a tax upon the article of one cent a
pound. It now, upon the plantation or in the
neighborhood of the plantation where it is sold,
does not bring more than ten cents. That will
hardly pay, if it will pay at all, the expense of
the production. I have a letter now by me
from the South from a gentleman whom I do
not know, but evidently a man of intelligence
and a planter, who says that if the tax is con-
tinued it will be impossible for them to raise
the staple at all; it must be abandoned, and
that the abandonment of that production will
involve very serious suffering to the laboring
portion of their population—the blacks. The
planters are not now in a condition to pay for
the labor in money; they contemplate, there-
fore, if they raise the article at all, to pay for
the labor of raising it by giving to the laborer
a portion of the crop. I forget now what the
portion is, but it is pretty uniform throughout
the South.
The result of a tax upon the cotton will be,
if it does not entirely destroy the production,
very materially to diminish to the negro labor-
ers the compensation which they would other-
wise receive, and which with the present price
of the commodity is barely sufficient to main-
tain them; not sufficient to maintain them,
indeed, if they live as they desire to live in fami-
lies, the males alone working and the women
applying themselves to the domestic concerns
of their household, and keeping the children
at home or educating them. This class is now
with us for good or for evil, I trust for good,
but whether for good or for evil will depend in
a great measure upon their intelligence, upon
the education of those who are now in their
minority. If you impose this tax and it has the
consequence which I have stated, they will
remain in the ignorance in which for the most
part their parents now are; and then, in my
judgment, nothing but evil to the country at
large and nothing but suffering to the class
itself will be the result.
It seems also to me, if we are to be governed
by the public opinion of the country, to be
clearly the sense of the people of the country
everywhere that the tax should be absolutely
repealed. I believe I am correct when I say
that every board of trade has sent to Congress
or published an opinion to that effect. I know
the board of trade in Boston has done so ; in
New York it has done so ; I believe in Phila-
delphia and I think in some of the other east-
ern cities they have done so. How it is in the
West my friend from Indiana knows perhaps
better than I do ; but in the West, subject to
the correction which his better information will
enable him to make, I have had reason to
believe that the wish was almost universal that
the tax should be altogether repealed.
| Now, independent of the suffering of the
| laboring class of the South, suppose the pro-
I duction should altogether terminate, what will
be the operation of that state of things upon
the manufacturing industry of the East? What
will it be upon the value of the productions of
| the West? Cotton not raised or raised in small
I quantity, the eastern manufactories must more
\ or less be arrested. They are now, as was
stated by the honorable member from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Sprague,] not at present in his
| seat, in a state of great adversity, and where
they are being carried on at all it is only for a
■ short period in the twenty-four hours, the wages
of the workmen, the artisans, have been very
! materially diminished, and there is great suf-
i fering from that quarter. And then when we
look to the West we find that the failure to pro-
duce this article throughout the southern States
will be to lose them a market which in the past
has been of very great value, and which will be
in the future of even greater value if the article
instead of being by legislation prostrated
should be by legislation (if any legislation is
resorted to) prosperous.
I have deemed it just, Mr. President, to
say so much, not merely for the interest of
our southern brethren, but because I believe
the interest and welfare of the entire country
is more or less involved in the measure be-
fore us.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I remember that when this amendment of the
Senator from Indiana was first introduced he
proposed it as a small tax on cotton. There
is no such tax in this country as the tax now
proposed to be laid on cotton ; no tax so
heavy. It is a tax of ten per cent.; not ten
per cent, on profits, but ten per cent, on capi-
tal, on wages, on expenses, and on profits if
there be any. We thought that a tax of ten
per cent, on income, where that income ex-
ceeded $10,000, was a very extravagant tax,
and it was only tolerated as a tax on wealth ;
but here we are taxing the gross ten per cent.
The tax that we impose upon manufactures,
which is paid by the consumer, is a tax of only
five per cent.
Now, it does seem to me that we are legis-
lating against the true interests of this country
by putting any tax on cotton, and I think that
the delay which has occurred in the Senate in
considering this subject has enlightened the
public mind on that point.
We have all decreed in this country that cot-
ton shall not be king. I think we had better
now decree that it shall be to us a most service-
able and valuable servant. In this land we
have got a belt of country which can raise cot-
ton better than any other spot of ground in the
world, and it can raise cotton better than it
can raise any other product in the world. The
statement which was made by the Senator from
Rhode Island (Mr. Sprague) that by means of
| machinery in England they can produce a fabric
from the cotton which is obtained from India
equal to that produced from the cotton raised in
America I think wants to be taken with a great
many grains of allowance. The length and
fineness of the cotton of our country, I believe,
will produce a better fabric than any in the
world; and when this labor question at the
South is settled, when the blacks acquire small
portions of land, when the country becomes
quiet, I believe that the American cotton can
yet control the market of the world.
There is another great argument why we
I should encourage the cultivation of cotton,
' and it is this: its cultivation tends to exter-
! minate a weed which grows all over this coun-
try to some degree, a noxious weed ; it exter-
minates it by the gold that it brings here, and
that weed is repudiation. The cotton crop of
this year, it is estimated, will bring to this
country $143,000,000. The cotton crop of
1856-57, when cotton sold at about the same
price that it does now, brought to this country
$131,000,000. It is a very important item
when we want to resume specie payments to
keep this article and to encourage its cultiva-
tion. What does England do ? Does she tax
it? No; she runs her railroads through every
part of the country where cotton can be culti-
vated in India; she furnishes gins, gives every
possible inducement; and if we cannot export
all the cotton we can manufacture it here. But
instead of manufacturing it here last year we
imported $27,000,000 worth of cotton fabrics.
Mr. President, it is said that this tax falls
on the consumer. No; it is paid at the plant-
ation. Who believes that the consumer in
England pays any more for our cotton because
the planter has paid two cents and a half a
pound or one cent a pound to this Government
here? As to the constitutionality of the law,
I of course have nothing to say. My friend
from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] made his
argument on that subject. But there was a
good reason that moved the minds of those
who formed our Constitution when thpy put a
clause in the Constitution making it unlawful
to tax exports ; and in looking at the debates
on that subject it seems to me that the whole
argument is stated by Chief Justice Ellsworth,
of Connecticut, in about six or seven lines:
" There are solid reasons against Congress taxing
exports. First, it will discourage industry, as taxes
on imports discourage luxury. Secondly, the pro-
duce of different States is such as to prevent uni-
formity in such taxes. There are, indeed, but a few
articles that, could be taxed at all; as tobacco, rice,
and indigo"—
And he might have added cotton—
" and a tax on these alone would be partial and nn-
pust. Thirdly, the taxing of exports would engender
inourable jealousies."
These  were the reasons stated briefly why
