1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. HotcJikiss.
Ho. of Reps.
deliberate judgment, and advised me that it was my
duty to defend th e power of the President from usurp-
ation, and to veto tho law. * * * * *
" X was so much struck with the full mastery of the
question manifested by Mr. Stanton, and was at the
time so fully occupied with, the preparation of an-
other veto upon the pending reconstruction act that
I requested him to prepare the veto upon this tenure-
of-olfice bill. This he declined on the ground of
physical disability to undergo, at the time, the labor
of wrHimr; but stated his readiness to iurnish what
a.id might be required in the preparation of mate-
rials for the paper."
Thug the President cites Mr. Stanton as
denouncing in the Cabinet meeting the tenure-
of-ofliee bill as unconstitutional, at the same
time that when removed from the Cabinet he
■endeavors to hold on to this very office through
a law which he himself had pronounced un-
constitutional, and summoning the Army to
sustain him in his usurpation. Was there ever
such an exhibition of inconsistency, treachery,
andwantof political and personal honor exhib-
ited in the history of the world?
Here, then, we have the case in its legal and
political bearings. And on what is it based?
It is based on the mere fact that the President
did that which every one of his predecessors did
before him. Hois to be impeached, forsooth,
for doing what Washington, Adams, Jefferson,
Madison, Monroe, the second Adams, Jackson,
Van Buren, Harrison, Tyler, Polk, Taylor,
Fillmore, Pierce, Buchanan, and Lincoln did,
time and time again; what I have shown Con-
gress, after mature deliberation in 1789, de-
clared he had a right to do; and what every
other Congress from that day to this admitted
to be legal. If he is impeached, you impeach
all his predecessors; in fact you impeach the
fathers of the Constitution themselves. In-
deed, if the President had not this power of
removal, in what a dilemma it would place, for
instance, the proposed constitutional successor
of Mr. Johnson, should the Radical majority
of this Congress succeed in its efforts to depose
the President-from office! He could not re-
move the present members of the Cabinet
except by a quo warranto, and he could not
sue out a writ of that kind without violating
the tenure-of-office law. But gentlemen on the
other side may say that if he appointed other
gentlemen in place of the ]:>resent members of
Cabinet, the Senate would certainly con-
in in his selections and sanction his removals.
And here is just where the defect of the law
lies. It is intended to fit a particular case.
When it is broken by any one else than Presi-
dent Johnson there is no violation. When it
is broken, or attempted to be broken by him,
he renders himself liable to impeachment.
Any other man in the presidential office might
break the law with impunity. I believe that
even a straight-out Democrat might do so, as
the Senate would hardly dare compel a Demo-
cratic President to accept a Republican Cabi-
net as his private and confidential advisers,
as the persons through whom he must issue
his orders to his subordinates. But does the
Constitution of the country and the usage of
the Government make a distinction in the
operation of the law, so that it can be con-
strued to mean nothing whatever when applied
to a Republican President by a Republican
Senate, or to a Democratic President by a
Republican Senate; but that when it is applied
to a President who defected from his party,
then it is to have full force and effect? Is it
for the violation of such a law as this that we
are called upon to impeach the President?
But let me inquire whether even Mr. John-
son is amendable to the operations of the law
simply because, as the Radicals say, he has
turned traitor to his party? If I can show that
it was the party turned traitor to the President
then do I not demonstrate that it was the Radi-
cals in Congress themselves who turned traitors
to the party and not the President, and conse-
quently that the majority in Congress ought to
be impeached and not President Johnson?
Mr. Johnson's political record has been con-
sistent from the commencement of the war to
the present time. At the extra session, in the
summer of 1861, Mr. Johnson introduced in
the Senate and pressed to a vote that famous
resolution declaring that the war was not waged
for any purpose of conquest or subjugation, but
that when resistance ceased the rights of the
States would remain unimpaired. At the same
session he took a leading part in giving seats
to the new Virginia Senators who had been
elected after the secession of that State. He
thus recorded his opinion that a State did not
lose its right of representation because it had
engaged in rebellion. Later, in 1864, when
nominated by the Republican party to the Vice
Presidency, he reiterated the same views. In-
deed, he pointedly alluded to the fact of such
a nomination as a most unanswerable argu-
ment and proof that the Republican party did
not consider the southern or seceded States
out of the Union ; and certainly his point was
well taken. Upon his nomination the news was
telegraphed to Nashville. In a speech to the
friends who assembled to congratulate him on
that occasion, he said:
"Next it [tho nominating convention] said, (if I
may bo permitted to apeak of myself, not in tho way
of vanity, but to illustrate a principle,) 'We will ro
into one of the rebellious States and choose a candi-
date for the Vice Presidency.' Thus the Union party
declared its belief that the rebellious States are still
in the Union, and that their loyal citizens aro still
citizens of the United States."
But the beauty of it was that the only Re-
publican of any note in the party who took the
opposite view to President Johnson at that
time was Mr. Stevens; and Mr. Stevens
vainly urged the objection to Mr. Johnson that
the party was taking a man from a State which
was outside of the Uniqn; but they would not
hear him. His advice was disregarded, and his
voice of warning drowned in clamors for a
Democratic Vice President in place of Mr.
Hamlin, who was a Republican. If, then,
there is any treachery to principle in the party
to which Mr. Johnson belongs it is on the part
of- his opponents, not on his. He has always
stood upon the platform on which he stands
to-day. It is not because Be stands upon the
original Republican platform, but because he
cannot be coaxed or driven olF of it that he is
to be impeached, and impeached for evading
a law made purposely to entrap him, and which
must be repealed so soon as he is gotten out
of office, unless wo are to have constantly the
most annoying, perplexing, and ultimately dis-
astrous contests waged between the executive
and legislative departments of the Govern-
ment.
I have thus shown that Mr. Johnson, instead
of being a traitor to the principles as laid down
by the Republican party at Baltimore, and
most emphatically indorsed by the selection of
himself, a citizen of one of the excluded States,
as Vice President on the ticket with Mr. Lin-
coln, has continued to be almost their only
exponent and upholder in that party. And
why is this? Simply because since the death
of Mr. Lincoln the Republican party has been
controlled by the radical element that forms
the most active and aggressive faction in it.
That element sways the party in all its politi-
cal movements. It first compelled the aboli-
tion of slavery by amendment to the Constitu-
tion ratified by the States. It found that even
then it might not lie able to retain control of
the Government, it next pronounced the
South still rebellious, in spite of the statements
of Generals Grant, Sherman, and others, to
the contrary, and demanded negro suffrage as
a measure precedent to admission. Still, fear-
ing this would fail, the more recklessly radical
in the party gaining strength daily as the peo-
ple of the North grew restive under the_con-
tinued exclusion of the southern States, initiate
and finally threaten to carry this impeachment
programme to a successful termination, as they
have heretofore carried their other measures,
in spite of tho opposition of the more conser-
vative spirits of the party.
But where is all this thing to stop ? Sup-
pose the people still continue obstinate, still
refuse to acquiesce in radical rule, what is the
next measure? Why,nothing more nor less
than a military dictatorship, to which all these
other measures are but the steps of a ladder,
necessary in order to carry the party to the
culminating point of all its legislation, from
the day that it attained the control of the Gov-
ernment to the present. Without this last
measure, the complement and continent of all
the others, and to which they are but the in-
itiatory stej>s, radicalism will not have com-
pleted the circle of its existence. With this
measure as the apex of the legislation with
which it has so sorely afflicted the country, its
programme will be completed, for there will
be nothing further which its most fanatical
leaders and their followers can desire.
But there is one phase of this impeachment
business to which I beg leave most respectfully
to call the attention of the House, and that is
its effect upon our agricultural and commer-
cial interests. I cannot believe the gentlemen
who so pertinaciously urge it have well consid-
ered its effect upon the industry and finances
of the country. We hear of the burdens of
taxation, of the depreciation of our currency,
while the dim shadow of repudiation has some-
times presented itself along with the results
contingent in the future. Consummate your
impeachment measure and shadow becomes
substance, our popular greenbacks and national
currency will be greatly depreciated. Enforce
this measure and you remove the Rio Grande
boundary to our northern border; and the
unstable and revolutionary Governments now
lying below it will be extended all over our
fair domains. Gentlemen when reminded of
results sure to follow the course they are bent
oil pursuing, tauntingly remind us that they
have heard similar warnings, that they are
prepared to take the consequences; and the
honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] boasts that of his large majority of con-
stituent supporters each one is physically equal
to two that might be brought to oppose. Talk
of this kind is not altogether new here. The
earnestness of the times and facts to which he
refers were no idle unmeaning expressions, but
have had their fulfillment in cruel, relentless
war, while desolation, destruction, and mourn-
ing have followed in a pathway of tears. The
gentleman has heard similar warnings; the
country has heard declarations similar to those
made by the gentleman as to the prowess of
men in certain localities over those in others.
Are those repetitions of warning, those vaunt-
ing expressions of superior ability pleasing to
the gentleman ? Do they fall upon the ears of
this House with no apprehensions of conse-
quences ? Are gentlemen prepared to enter on
a renewal of the scenes of the past few years,
and to plunge our country into another civil
war? Are they anxious to again cast us adrift
upon the sea of anarchy with the guiding star
of the Constitution blotted out? So it would
seem. And unless a greater than human arm
is extended to our aid wa sink beneath the waves
of party fanaticism, weighted down with all the
errors and falsities that surround the position
of the lost. And here, standing in my place.
I enter a solemn protest in the name of my
people, whose voice in these Halls through her
Representative declares these measures revo-
lutionary, treasonable, disloyal to the funda-
mental law, and usurpations.
Mr. Speaker, the people will endure the
condition of things brought upon them by such
revolutionary measures as this but little longer.
The only remedy that appears to be left the
country is with them, and they will take it into
their own hands : for the passions natural to
the era of strife are fast subsiding, and 'the
still, small voice'' of the Great Master is find-
i ing its way to charitable hearts. They are iin-
| pressed that we have not been altogether right
from the beginning, and deprecate this pro-
