int.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marc*h 7,
ing off a great debt, incurred to secure per-
manent liberty and peace, having been defi-
nitely abandoned, the people would at once
enter upon what is the normal and present
duty, the development of means wherewith to
pay the debtwhen it shall mature, and the crea-
tion of such means as will enable the Treasury
to cancel from time to time such portions of the
consols as it can buy in the market.
It is time that the attention of Congress and
of the Administration was given to the promo-
tion of the financial and industrial interests of
the whole people, rather than of that portion
which, patriotic as it may esteem itself to be,
is none the less only the non-producing class.
There are other interests in the land besides
those of bankers, bondholders, brokers, and
money-changers. It is Dickens who tells us
of an English woman riding through the streets
of London on the top of a stage coach for the
first time, who was attracted by nothing but the
narrow windows of the houses. She proved to
be the daughter of a builder. The same anal-
ogy applies to the policy of Mr. Secretary
McCulloch. He was doubtless an ornament to
the banking business, but as Secretary of the
Treasury, unfortunately for the country, he can
be nothing else but a banker. The trading and
banking interests have had more than their due
showing, and it is time, if ruin is not courtcd,
that the manufacturing and producing interests
should be relieved and fostered. It lias been
my endeavor to show that this can be done, in
great part, by means of an abundant and uni-
form currency, to be gained by the issues of
national notes, or if the present banking sys-
tem is too strong to be abolished, as it ought to
be, then, by making it a free system, allowing
all to participate in it who choose to obey the
law's requirements. They must be made, in
feet, to pay the Government for the privileges
they enjoy and the profits they make, instead,
as is now the case, making the Government
pay them.
But there is another and crying necessity,
that is, to relieve the producing and industrial
interest of its present and intolerable burden
of taxation. The all-important consideration
in the framing of a revenue law should be the
raising the greatest amount with the least pos-
sible injury to the producing class. To keep
their interests in view should be the duty of
legislation. The defefct of the present system
is, that it is based upon the upholding of the
non-producers. In view of all that has been
done and said on this subject, a statement of
some simple but common-sense rules which
should regulate internal revenue systems seem
not to be out of place. Certainly a radical
change is demanded. Congress must make it:
1. The burdens of taxation must, as before
said, be imposed as lightly as possible onproduc-
tion and its processes. Tax the least we can
and it is sure to be more or less oppressive.
"We cannot devise a revenue system which will
not operate unequally in the collection aud dis-
bursement of its proceeds.
2. Taxation should principally be imposed
upon accumulated wealth aud not upon em-
ployments. An income tax is the most bur-
densome method of all. Continued in its
£ resent shape it would eat up all industries,
et us, then, tax accumulations, not incomes.
Articles of luxury and indulgence, not of neces-
sity, should be made to bear the chief propor-
tion of the revenue required. The tax on such
articles is more easily collected, or should be,
if the appointees of the Administration could
be controlled.
3. As little of the accumulated wealth as
possible should be exempted from taxation for
State and municipal purposes. The present
system of bond exemption is ruinous to all
industries. One of two things must be done,
or both, if possible. Tax your bonds or fund
them, reducing the rate of interest so low as to
keep most active capital afloat in business en-
terprises and not locked up in these securities.
Under our system a manufacturer or mechanic
bears double share of taxation. Continue the
present mode aud it is fair to presume that the
bondholders will in time absorb all the accu-
mulated wealth of the nation, and the indus-
trious class will have leave only to bear its
burdens. Such a system will not long be tol-
erated. It is our duty to see this and to provide
for an equitable readjustment.
Mr. Speaker, I shall first endeavor to secure
by my vote such readjustment of the present
national debt as will place it in the form of a
forty or fifty year bond, bearing not a higher
rate of interest than three-sixty-five per cent,
or a cent per day on each hundred dollars.
Second. I shall vote for such measures as, in
my judgment, will secure to the country a large
volume of money. To accomplish this I would
favor the payment at the end of the five years
at which the Government has the optional
right of redemption of at least one half of the
five-twenty bonds in " legal tender" or Treas-
ury notes, to be made " a lawful money" and
receivable iu payment of all debts.
I would vote at this time for the immediate
issue of "greenbacks" equal in value "to
the remaining matured and maturing debt
which is payable, principal and interest, in
Treasury notes, and so prevent the conversion
of them into gold-bearing bonds as the Treas-
ury is now actively doing.
Third. The repeal of the national banking
law, if proposed, will secure my vote.
Failing in that I shall certainly vote to re-
move all restrictions, and allow banks to be
set in motion wherever the people want them,
requiring, of course, proper safe-guards. All
measures which will make the banks pay the
Government for the jn-ivilege of getting rich,
instead of as now having the Government pay
the banks, will receive my hearty support.
In addition to lessening the burdens of the
people, opening all business, and renewing
activities by affording a stable yet flexible and
abundant currency, it will be my duty to urge
upon this floor all measures which tend to aid
internal improvements, thus stimulating devel-
opment, and by its rapidity creating within so
short a period as to be almost fabulous such
an abundant wealth as will lift the great bur-
dens of taxation and debt from the shoulders of
even this generation. It is not in accordance
with my convictions nor consistent with the
duty I owe to my constituency for me to sus-
tain the false idea of economy which seems to
prevail with some gentlemen on this floor.
Governments are not so much machines for
saving money as for seeing that it is wisely ex-
pended.
The undeveloped wealth of the West, its
great and fertile soil, from which many mil-
lions are to be sustained, and still more its
immense mineral resources, only waiting the
miner's skill, capital, and enterprise to wrench
from the granite—these are alone sufficient, if
the proper impetus be given, to pay the great
debt the war piled up. Iu addition to the
course before indicated it would seem to be
the part of wisdom to aid the grand material
progress of the land, so that the further shores
of the continent may be bound in the indis-
soluble links of interest as well as consan-
guinity.
Mr. Speaker, any scheme looking to the final
and even speedy payment of the debt and of the
equitable adjustment of the burdens it imposes
must wisely aid, by loaning the Government
credit, the building of our great continental or
Pacific railroads.
We want the Union Pacific completed at (he
earliest moment. We need and must have
additional legislation by which the great cen-
tral route, the Union Pacific, eastern division,
may be authorized to continue its way westward
along its present direct and axial line, opening
and building up all that amazingly rich region
of southern Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona,
Nevada, and southern California untilit reaches
the Pacific coast.
In addition to these, any comprehensive
scheme, which looks to the readjustment of our
national burdens and the equitable aiding of our
internal development, must take into consider-
ation the erection of two other great roads to
the Pacific ; the one passing through the North-
west Territory and the other opening up and
passing through the Southwest, draining Ark-
ansas, Louisiana, and Texas, by the valley of
the Gila river, through southern New Mexico
and Arizona, and crossing the Bio Colorado to
reach the Pacific at or near San Diego, Califor-
nia. This last continental route, in conjunc-
tion with one already projected in my own State,
would undoubtedly form the main artery of the
Southwest; and by the aid of thorough south-
ern railroad systems and of those great railroads
which will finally develop the vast resources of
Mexico, it will undoubtedly drain the wonder-
fully rich silver regions of Chihuahua, Sonora,
and Durango, and by a great feeder terminating
at Gruayamas, on the Gulf of California, make
all northern and central Mexico our tributary.
The Northern Pacific road would make trib-
utary the British provinces on the Pacific coast.
It would open that immense grain region lying
east of the Rocky mountains known as the
Valley of Saskatchewan or Red River of the
North. Dakota would quickly become a State ;
Minnesota would prosper largely ; while the
mineral wealth of Idaho and Montana would
startle the picayune economists by its magni-
tude.
Besides thus lending our credit to the devel-
opment of our great territory to the west of
the Missouri and Mississippi rivers, I shall urge
that aid be granted to that other system of
roads already empowered, the initial point of
which is in my own State, but which must ulti-
mately open the southwestern sea-board to the
use of the farmers of the great interior plains.
I refer now to that North and South system
whose objective point is Galveston, on the Grulf
of Mexico. The great plains stretching from
the Rio Brazos, in Texas, to beyond the North
Platte, in Nebraska, need a route by which to
reach the sea-board within a shorter distance
than they can either to the East or West.
Only railroads can develop and populate these
great interiors. With this rapid means of
reaching the sea-board, and the seeurement
thereby of a market for their grain, wool, and
other staples, they will quickly repay all it may
cost to aid them in creating their prosperity.
The South will need aid. Internal develop-
ment on a grand scale is the primal necessity
of our continental position. There can be no
sectional policy adopted, least of all by the
party which so far has preeminently repre-
sented the nation.
Sir, I shall favor at the proper time, as part
of this general policy, the extension of Govern-
ment aid, in the form of credit or otherwise,
for securing the rebuilding of the Mississippi
levees, so that the vast and fertile region now
subject to overflow may again be made of value
to the nation by the abundant harvests of cot-
ton, sugar, and other crops it can produce.
When the southern States are represented here
by loyal men, when their home affairs are ad-
ministered by loyal officers, which will soon
come to pass, I shall favor a generous policy
toward them in the matter of land grants for
railroads or other reasonable purposes.
Sir, with economy in expenditures, justice in
taxation, an abundant and equable volume of
money, adjusting itself easily to the needs of
the country; with the burden of the national
debt laid more equally on the future as well as
the present; and above all, with a generous
and wisely comprehensive policy and system
of internal improvement, may we not fairly
hope to enter upon an unexampled and won-
derful career of national prosperity? With
equality before the law; with no slave and no
caste in the land; with both oceans and the gulf
and lakes linked together, bringing to our midst
the wealth of the world; and with a hearty
welcome and full protection to all who come
to us, and prosperity to all who labor honestly;
with education as abundant as bread, and an
open field for all worthy ambitions, may we
not, looking into the near future, see soon and
surely the great American Republic standing
august and honored as no other land has ever
been among the nations of the earth?
