3780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
vision has been very well changed to provide
for the appointment of a specific number, not
exceeding twenty. You want as many as may
be needed for the districts in which spirits are
distilled and tobacco is grown and manufac-
tured ; and if twenty are enough—-upon that. I
give no opinion—1 am willing to agree to it,
and make them general supervisors, though the
object is undoubtedly to supervise those par-
ticular manufactures.
Tlieu it will be observed, and t call the
attention of the chairman of the committee
to the provision, that they afterward dispense
with general agents in the section which is
now under consideration, but they do retain
the local inspectors. In conversation with
the honorable chairman he thought it was not
the intention to retain the local inspectors,
but by looking at the preceding section he will
see that it was the intention to retain them,
because if you look on page 59 you will see
that in speaking of the power of the supervisor
of internal revenue, it is said:
" Ho shall have power to transfer any inspector,
ga.uger, or storekeeper, from one distillery or other
place of duty to another, or from ouo collection dis-
trict to another within his district, and may by notice
in writing suspend from duty .any inspector, gaugor,
or storekeeper."
And then in the succeeding section they
abolish the Treasury agents, special and gen-
eral, but say nothing about inspectors. Now,
the Committee on Finance have provided for
another class of officers, who are in fact gen-
eral agents, and authorize the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, "whenever in his judg-
ment the necessities of the service may require
them, to employ competent persons, not ex-
ceeding fifty in number at any one time, whose
term of service shall continue at the pleasure
of the Commissioner;" and then they strike
out all the district inspectors, by adding the
words:
'That, from and after the passage of this act no gen-
eral or special agent, by whatever narno or designa-
tion he may be known, ot the Treasury Department
in connection with the internal revenue, and no dis-
trict inspectors, except as provided for m this act,
shall bo appointed, &c.
It may be very well to substitute gangers and
inspectors and supervisors in districts where
tobacco is raised and manufactured, where
those officers may be needed ; and perhaps a
small numberof general supervisors all through
may be useful; but in other districts, in my
judgment, you cannot dispense, and it was not
the intention of the House of Representatives
evidently to dispense with the local inspectors
altogether. The number of them has always
been within the control of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The Secretary by this new provis-
ion will undoubtedly be relieved of the neces-
sity of appointing a great number of them :
but if Senators will think a moment they will
see that the information gained by local in-
spectors, which they have of the business of
their immediate neighborhood, of the property
of men, of the income of ruen and the busi-
ness which thev do, is absolutely essential to
the collection of the revenue, more especially
that part of it which arises from the income
tax.
I cannot give a better example of it than
ray own Stale. We distill no liquor there; we
raise no tobacco there. The revenue, such as
there is, is derived from other sources. Of
what use in the world for looking up the
sources of revenue (here would be these
agents, of whom there may be fifty, who are to
be sent wherever the Commissioner may want
to send them? lie will only send them in
cases where he fear3 there may be fraud.
They will not be on the spot, will not have the
power to know what the property of men is,
or the income of men, or the business of men
that produces income. You want local knowl-
edge on these points.
I think it vastly better, therefore, and it will
work a great deal better, to leave the provision
as the House of Representatives had it, and
rely upon your storekeepers and gaugers and
supervisors with reference to the two great
sources of revenue, spirits null tobacco. But,
when you come to all the other matters, and
especially in districts where there are no spir-
its and tobacco manufactured, you must have
the local knowledge of this set of men, because
you see that if you strike down the inspectors
you have no local agents except the collectors
and assessors and their assistants, who have
duties of their own to attend to, and tliey will
not do and never have done this particular
kind of business, and that is the reason why
inspectors have been found necessary more or
less in ail the States. There has never been
but two in the State of Maine, and they have
been found sufficient. I suppose there has not
been more than one in the State of New Hamp-
shire and one in the State of "Vermont, though
perhaps there may be two in each of those
States. You want the local knowledge of
such men and the bestowal of their time upon
ascertaining what the revenue ought to be.
For the reasons I have slated I do not think
that the substitution of these fifty agents who
may be sent away to distant places from time
to time, as the Commissioner may see fit to
send them, will be of any essential service. I
have seen that done in other cases. After a
fraud has been committed an agent is sent to
look it np and settle it, but that is after the
thing takes place. An agent of that kind can-
not look after the things of which I have been
speaking. If you are to provide for such
agents, you had better have a smaller number
and leave the local inspectors to be appointed
in such districts as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
no matter which, shall think necessary. Oth-
erwise my judgment is that you will lose a great
deal of your revenue, especially that revenue
which is derived from incomes.
I hope, therefore, that this amendment will
not be adopted, but that the section will be left
substantially as it was passed by the other
House originally. I think it will work much
better and produce a better effect. I am told
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
favors this view of the case, and I think, unless
ho has changed his opinion entirely from what
he said to me, he would be opposed to striking
out all provision for local inspectors, and the
Senator from Ohio will see by looking at the
latter part of the previous section that that was
not the design of the House. 1 hope that this
amendment will not be adopted, or, at any rate,
if it is, that the number provided for will be
cut down, and the local inspectors left where ver
the Commissioner may see (it to appoint them,
as there are some places where they will be
absolutely needed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senators pres-
ent will give me their attention for a few min-
utes while I state the reasons that actuated the
committee, and then they can decide as to the
best class of officers to be employed for the
detective service. The existing law provides
for detective service, for revenue agents, spe-
cial agents, and revenue inspectors. The du-
ties of inspectors are defined by existing law,
and the provision in regard to them is:
" That the Sccrctray of the Treasury may appoint
inspectors in any assessment district where in his
judgment it may be necessary for the enforcement
of internal revenue laws or the detection of frauds,
and such inspectors and revenue agents afore-
said shall be subject to the rules and regulations
of the said .Secretary, and have all the powers con-
ferred upon any other officers of internal revenue in
making any examination of persons, books, and
promises which may be necessary in the discharge of
the duties of their office. And the compensation of
such inspectors shall be fixed and paid tor such time
as they may be actually employed, not exceeding
four dollars per day and thoir just and proper trav-
eling expenses."
They are local officers appointed for detect-
ive service only; they have no powers except
simply for the detection of frauds and look
after the observance of the revenue laws. The
House of Representatives, by section forty-
eight of the bill, undertook, as we supposed,
to strike out all detective officers and special
agents. The Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue had the impression, and so stated to the
committee, that the section repealed all author-
ity to employ district inspectors: but on exam-
ining the law, 1 am satisfied, as the Senator
from Maine is, that it did not do that, that it
abolished the special and general agents, but
left the district inspectors. The question was
then with the committee whether we should
continue these local officers in their offices or
whether we should provide some other mode
of detecting frauds ; and that is the question
presented to the Senate.
After consideration we thought it belter to
give to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
authority to employ temporarily, from time to
time, upon compensation to be fixed by him,
dependent on the character of the service,
contingent or absolute, a certain number of
inspectors or detectives, because they are de-
tectives, with authority to send them from
Washington wherever he might have reason
to believe a fraud had been committed. For
instance, there is a famous detective in the
city of Chicago who it is believed can pursue
any kind of fraud or allegation of fraud until
he solves the riddle; and it is said that no one
can avoid his detective power. It is important
sometimes for the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to have it in his power to employ
persons of that kind, men of great experience,
to whom large pay has to be given ; sometimes,
perhaps, contingent pay. It was thought bel-
ter to entrust him with this power to employ
temporary service, even if it costs more, in
order to follow out threads of fraud which may
be in his possession from other officers. These
inspectors are merely local officers : they, per-
haps, have their affinities, their likes and dis-
likes in the district. They may not have the
general knowledge and information required
for this service, and at four dollars a day they
are not likely to have. Their pay is too small
to secure the character of service needed, and
wo propose to give to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue power to secure the service
he needs.
The Senator may be correct in supposing
that it is proper to give him a certain number
of district inspectors, and the amendments are
in such shape that the Senate can divide them ;
but I consider it vital to give the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue power to employ the kind
of service he needs. The present Commis-
sioner will go out soon ; but whoever is at the
head of the office should have power to employ
the best detective talent in the United States
of America for the time being to follow up any
frauds that are alleged.
When we reached this section last night the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Tbumbull] and the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] ad-
mitted the importance of this service, admitted
that fifty was not an unreasonable number,
admitted that the mode and character of
employment here proposed was advisable, but
they said they were troubled with a consti-
tutional difficulty; that as the Constitution
conferred the power of appointment of inferior
officers upon the President, the heads of De-
partments, or the courts of law, according to
the discretion of Congress, these persons could
not be employed teriiporarily by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue because the employ-
ment is not by the President, the head' of a
Department, or a court of law. I did not think
there was anything in that suggestion, and I
do_ not now. There are more than a dozen
officers who are neither heads of Departments
nor courts of law who are now authorized to
employ persons in just such language as is
used here. The Superintendent of the Gov-
ernment Printing Office employs a whole array
of people and fixes their pay almost without
any limitation, or with only a general limita-
tion. In the navy-yards hundreds of people
are employed every day on indefinite pay, not
by the head of a Department, but by a master
workman, an inferior grade of officer. The
officer in charge of the public buildings and
grounds in this city employs great numbers of
persons. So of the architect of the Treasury
extension. I thoughtover this morning of moie
than a dozen officers who now exercise tin*
power, according to law, of employing and
