232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. op Eeps.
Impeachment—Mr. Ferriss.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
longed strife after the conflict is ended. They
know, every one knows, that the material inter-
ests of the eotfntry would have been vastly im-
proved had the policy of Lincoln, sanctioned
by all of his Cabinet, and enforced by Johnson
in 1865, been allowed to stand. They feel that
the interference with it has at every step
made matters worse, cost the country untold
millions, and placed us a great deal further
from harmonious settlement to-day than when
Congress asserted its'right to undo what had
been so justly done; undoing it, too, in a
spirit of hate and revenge, of exultation in
being able to place its feet upon a prostrate
and heirless victim. I feel sure the policy
inaugurated by the radical faction, and about
to culminate in this mad impeachment scheme,
can tiever produce prosperity. To put down
that well-established class that alone has as-
cended the heights of civilization and put im-
becility and incapacity in its place will not do
it. Places the Almighty has designed for each
to fill must be recognized. Capacity and abil-
ity alone can inaugurate and restore a suc-
cessful order of industry, while those fitted
only for subaltern positions must make them-
selves useful in their proper placcs. If the
black race was to receive any substantial ben-
efit in the measures of the dominant party, if
we were meeting the demands of enlightened,
benevolent effort, we would consent to suffer
on. But in view of the history of that race
and its present condition wo honestly doubt
the result.
We cannot point in their history to any noble
effort in the way of advancement. In their
native country they fail to accept the proffered
missionary effort of civilization, and, after
more than a thousand years and the loss of
hundreds of self-sacrificing men, who have
thrown away their lives in this direction, no
trace of their labor outlives their personal
presence. They are in their native country
to-day living, as they did thousands of years
ago, in a state of simple nature, with but little
more power to originate methods of clothing
than even the surrounding animals that fall
below any claims to humanity. In this state
they were brought to this country, so low in
the human scale that a system like the one they
have passed through was absolutely necessary
to beget in them any ol' the proprieties of civ-
ilization. Through the power of imitation,
which they largely possess, they could be
forced to do many things required of them,
and they have performed a use in the world,
while controlled by masters, greater thau their
entire race ever before performed for the
world's common good, at the same time ap-
proximatingnearcreivilization and Christianity
than ever before To say that this race did not
originate from the same human parents as our-
selves may be deemed presumptuous by those
who, with myself, acknowledge the divinity of
the Word, yet I do so assert, and leave for the
near future to harmonize science with revela-
tion in this case, as the last quarter of a cen-
tury has the six literal days of creation.
That slavery was an evil as affecting our
race I admit, and should rejoice to see the
subjects of it within the " boundaries of their
appointed habitations" as fixed in their crea-
tion, there to fulfill the objects of their pecu-
liar organisms as destined by creative wisdom.
I know it is said that the negroes will do bet-
ter in the future. I venture to say they will do
woise; that they will continue to slide down-
ward until they reach the positiou in which
they were found in Africa, and made slaves by
our English grandfathers; and that this attempt
at reform, like all-others in their interests,will,
when the controlling hand is removed, fall back
to the unchangeable order of their native
instincts, weakened by the unnatural strain
made upon the negro to stand in relations for
which lie had no power to occupy and exer-
cise. Those making use of him now to seenro
political ends are falsely renrerenting lhe rela-
tions he sustained during the rebellion, and the
aid the northern cause received through his
willing efforts. During the larger part of the
conflict he was as ever passively submissive
to his master, toiling for the support of his
family, building breastworks over which thou-
sands of our young men laid down their lives;
scarcely, and without exception, on all occa-
sions loyal to the southern cause, and with not
a single instance of an attempted rebellion on
his part to hasten the overthrow of the power
that enslaved him. It was not until our armies
inclosed him within our lines, and the alter-
native was left to join with us or starve, that
his reluctant loyalty was born, and then gen-
erally at the demand of a recruiting officer, to
make merchandise of the operation in filling
the quota of some northern State.
Mr. Speaker, to retrieve the errors of the
past, to restore, in some measure, our former
prosperity and prevent the continuance of this
complete prostration of business and reward
for useful labor, we must, for the time being, at
least, cease to be partisansand view the case as
philanthropists and statesmen. Wo want peace,
wo want quiet, we want "all the States with
their rights unimpaired." We wantall of our
kindred race to know what is protection and
equality in one section isprotection and equality
in another ; that the great law of charity exists
everywhere; that wherever an opportunity
offers of being magnanimous, of forgetting by-
gone errors, that there the Christian heart is
made glad in this exercise.
The startling fact is made known that values
of southern real property have depreciated
seventy-five per cent. How is it at the North?
Are we prepared to see an approximating re-
duction in our manufacturing property? I
greatly fear a similar result and warn the coun-
try to prepare for a great depreciation in value
on this kind of property. The farmer, also, must
prepare to see his former customer and con-
sumer enter into competition in agricultural
pursuits, become a joint producer, and lessen
the prosperity that has of late years been so
abundantly his. Will this impeachment im-
broglio help the country forward in the road to
prosperity which has been so terribly cut up by
the war and the subsequent prolonged political
agitation, not less deleterious in its effects, and
which has unfortunately been kept up at fever-
heat since its close? It certainly will not. On
the contrary, it will cause every material interest
to still further and more deeply suffer. In a
few weeks the spring trade will be upon us,
from the opening of which it was hoped the
business of the manufacturer and the merchant
would receive such ail impulse as to enable
them, in some degree, to recover from the ter-
rible depression of the past three yeais. Keep
up the present, political strife during the four to
five or six months necessary to carry this im-
peachment scheme to its consummation, and
what is the result? Why, you prolong an agita-
tion that verges upon actual revolution through
a period during which the country needs peace
more than at any other time. You introduce
a disturbing element into the commerce and
manufactures of the country at a time when we
need firmness and stability in values, and such
a condition of things generally that the busi-
ness man will be able to face the future with
some assurance that his transactions are predi-
cated upon a basis which affords reasonable
hopes of living profit.
The business men of the country look on with
amazement mingled with fear while Congress
takes step after step in the programme of
usurpation, in the progress which the country
is so rapidly making toward a consolidated des-
potism. The people are beginning to sensibly
feel the effects of these revolutionary move-
ments. Already even the financial men in the
radical party are becoming alarmed at the
prospect of a long and doubtful impeachment
trial, or, rather, contest; for if there be a tiial
the accused will be condemned from the mo-
ment that he is arraigned. If brought t.o the
bar for trial the President will not be_ brought
face to face with a court which will give him a
fair and impartial hearing; he will be brought
face to face with the Radical party, hounded on
by the fanatical leaders who are thirsting for
his political execution with as mad a passion
as burned within the hearts of the maniacs who
deluged i'ranca with the blood of her noblest
sons and daughters during the reign of terror.
Imagine, gentlemen, lhe condition of the coun-
try as regards its financial and commercial in-
terests during the progress of a trial which, of
necessity, can be nothingbuta heated political
contest, prolonged for months and gathering
intensity as it proceeds and as it feeds upon
the agitation which it creates. The radical
financiers, in the interest of their own business,
will be compelled to press their party to dis-
pense with the forms of law, and hurry the
trial through as rapidly as possible. They will
be compelled to do this in order to avert a com-
mercial revulsion, and to gain time to rally the
party for the coming presidential contest. On
the other hand, all those in the country who
love justice, and are not altogether under the
influence of partisan passion and prejudice,
will demand that the President be fairly dealt
with ; that he will be permitted every form of
legal procedure; that he shall not be condemned
unheard, and that he shall have no mock trial
by judges and jurors who have already pre-
judged his case. At any moment a spark may
ignite the elements of strife brought into such
active contact and close proximity by this un-
usual proceeding, and, extendingthemselves on
all sides through the entire community, the re-
sult no man can foresee. Gentlemen, every
step you take in this business is fraught with
untold dangers to the country. Let me beg of
you to pause before it is too late; to let reason
and reflection take the place of prejudice and
passion. If you will not pause* if you will not
substitute reason for passion in this particular
case, you will as surely plunge the country into
an abyss of ruin as that every individual who
refuses to be led by the teachings and the
promptings of his higher and better nature is
sooner or later overtaken by that retribution
which inevitably follows the disregard of justice
and the despisal of equity.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. O.FERRISS,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House or Representatives,
March 2, 1868,
On tlio articles of impeachment reported from the
committee.
Mr. FERRISS. Mr. Chairman, when a reso-
lution to impeach the President of the United
States for high crimes and misdemeanors was
before this House in December last, with a con-
scientious regard to a faithful discharge of my
duty as one of the Representatives of the peo-
ple, and fully impressed that it would best sub-
serve their interests, in common with a major-
ity ofthe Republican membersupon thisfloor, I
voted against that resolution. A few brief
months have sufficiently demonstrated the
wisdom of that action. Emboldened by the
hesitation and unwillingness of this House to
resort to extreme measures, and mistakingly at-
tributing that hesitation to a cowardly fear
upon its part to redress the wrongs which, in
the name of liberty, and with a hypocritical
regard for the Constitution, were being per-
petrated upon the loyal people of this coun-
try, the President has boldly, defiantly, wick-
edly, and maliciously violated, not only the
spirit and very letter of a plain criminal
statute, but has arrogated to himself powers
not found in the Constitution itself. For this
| House to hesitate longer would be, indeed, a
cowardly abandonment of the great, interests
