348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
they thought it wise not to tax exports. Now,
while this may not be technically a taxation
of exports, it is so in effect, and all the reasons
which I have stated apply substantially against
this tax. The country is poor; it is true, we
want money; that is the very reason why I
would not lay this tax. The question has
been stated here as if it was a question whether
we were giving up $27,000,000 of revenue
annually or not. As the subject presents
itself to my mind—and I think I have some
information as to what is the state of the
South—it is a question whether we shall have
cotton grow at the South or not. There is
the place to grow cottonj and I do not look
upon it as selfishness in western gentlemen
here to say that they want cotton grown at the
South in order that they may sell them corn.
Why, look at our western country which is
being opened by the railroads, at the immense
tracts of country calculated and adapted to
raising the cereals. Let them raise the cereals
and let the South raise the cotton, and we
ought to encourage it. I understand the pay
of one of the freedmen at the South is about
seventy or eighty dollars a year. That is
about their interest in this cotton. Now, we
are poor; the manufacturers are overtaxed;
but we are not so poor and the manufacturers
are not so hardly taxed that they want to take
eight dollars, or, as the law has stood, twenty
dollars from the first fruits, the very first fruits
of freedom at the South—take it from the pen-
ury of these men. We want to encourage its
production as England does, and I hope that
the amendment fixing a tax of one cent a
pound will not be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not design to reargue this question,
but it does seem to me that if the suggestion
made upon the previous occasion when this
subject was up by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] was valid at any time it is valid now.
It is a question of necessity. I think that we
are obliged to have this amount of money, or
some part of it at least. I do not know where
else it is to come from. Our revenues are gen-
erally diminishing, and we cannot afford to give
up so much in a single lump. When the whole
subject comes up in relation to internal taxa-
tion we shall find that the demand for a relief
is not less importunate in other quarters than it
is in the South. We shall find that the people
are as unanimous in other quarters to have
taxes diminished as they are in the cotton
region. The income tax many ask to have
repealed; the distillers ask to have the whisky
tax reduced, and promise then to be honest
and pay it; and everybody seems as anxious
to have the tax on manufactures taken off,
and thus reduce the cost of living, as the
people of the South are in relation to this tax
on cotton. We find that a convention has
already been held in the West at Cleveland,
and my friend from Ohio may smile at it, but
he will find that those gentlemen are entirely
serious and very much in earnest in relation
to their demands upon Congress. At the
present moment you can go into our markets
and buy woolen goods at as low a price as they
could have been purchased prior to the war.
You can buy them as low as you could buy
them when wool was purchased on a specie
basis and when cloth was manufactured on a
specie basis, and without any internal tax, as
my colleague suggests. The men that grow
these raw staples and those who manufacture
them are all losing money heavily. Some
relief will be demanded and must- be given. It
is right and proper that we take the whole
subject into consideration. For myself, I con-
sider it unfair to take up a branch of the sub-
ject that relates merely to one article and
to one section of the country when there are
hundreds of others equally worthy of relief,
and I protest against the idea of its being any
relief to the freedmen or any other parties of
the South. The price will fall both here and
in Europe by any removal of the tax.
My friend from Rhode Island, who argued
the question the other day, only argued it, as
I thought, upon the basis of getting cheaper
cotton. It was not to give any more to the
growers of cotton, but it was in order to
enable the manufacturers of it to obtain it at a
less price, and thus compete with the world. I
contend, and I believe that the facts which I
presented on a former occasion show, that a
large crop of cotton gives to the growers no
more money than they get when they grow a
smaller crop. But I do not admit that a mod-
erate tax will lessen the crop at all. I only
say that I do not desire, and I do not think it
will result to the permanent advantage of the
South, to devote all their energies to cotton-
growing. Let them be more independent than
that.
It seems to be argued here as though if this
tax should be retained upon cotton the South
was to be permanently crippled and robbed
qf all chance of having a profitable industry.
Why, sir, to-day they can make rfiore money
in growing sugar in almost any of the extreme
southern States than they can in growing cotton,
and it seems to me that some portion of the
labor and capital of Texas, of Louisiana, of
Mississippi, and of Georgia ought to be turned
to the growing of sugar. I consider it discred-
itable that our country should expend some-
thing like eighty million of dollars in coin
annually for foreign sugar when we have a
climate and a soil as well adapted to the growth
of the sugar-cane as almost any in the world;
and if not for the sugar-cane, certainly for the
sugar-beet.
But it is said by the Senator -from -Maryland
that we are taxing this article ten per cent., as
though that was extraordinary. Why, sir, we
tax tobacco forty cents a pound, and that is in
many instances something like three or four
hundred per cent, advance upon the cost of the
original article. We tax whisky two dollars a
gallon, and that is something like six or seven
or eight hundred per cent, upon first cost prices.
We tax kerosene or refined petroleum twenty
cents a gallon, which is at least one hundred
per cent, upon the article and perhaps two
or three hundred per cent, upon the raw ma-
terial.
Mr. President, it is further said that Eng-
land does all in its power to encourage the
growth of cotton. She encourages railroads
and sends ships after it. I would do nothing
less. I do not believe for one, as I have already
said, that the imposition of this tax will dimin-
ish the product a single pound, or if it should
that any cultivator will get any less for his labor
or capital. But it is not true that the colonial
governments of Great Britain do not tax this
article. They place an export duty of three per
cent, upon it. Every pound of cotton that
comes from India is taxed at the rate of three
per cent, in the way of an export duty. I
trust that before the session closes we shall be
able to ameliorate taxes in all directions of the
country, and that we shall largely reduce our
expenditures, and I should be willing to con-
sider this as one of the prominent topics of sym-
pathy and consideration, and do what is fair
and just about it; but I am unwilling as our
first step in the reduction of taxation to show
that this tax, above all others, which in the
belief at least of some does, not come out of
our own people, but nearly three fourths of it
out of people abroad, shall be entirely aban-
doned, and thereby force us to retain an equal
amount of taxation upon our own constituents
to make up the deficiency.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President, I was very much impressed with the
remarks made by the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Spragde] before the recess, com-
ing, as they did, from one whose business pur-
suits would qualify him to give a correct judg-
ment on this matter; and for this reason during
the recess I, when at Lowell, in Massachusetts,
went to the agent of one of the principal manu-
facturing companies there and said to him that
I wanted exact information on this matter; I
wished to have him tell me just how the facts
stood in relation to cotton. He said that they
were now purchasing cotton for fifteen cents a
pound, and that at fifteen cents a pound the
manufacturers were making money. He said
that at the beginning of the year they were
paying from thirty-five to forty cents a pound,
and it was on a falling market; that one or two
of the companies were enabled to secure cot-
ton for twenty-five cents a pound, and thinking
it a great bargain they secured a large amount
of cotton, but before they could get the cot-
ton cloth manufactured from that cotton into
the market the value of cotton cloth had so
fallen that those companies met with a great
loss on that cotton which they purchased at
twenty-five cents; and so it must ever be on
a falling market. Wherever we have a paper
currency depreciated in value manufacturers
certainly have no security except when that
curftncy is increasing. A manufacturer may
buy cotton at fifty cents a pound, manufacture
it, and throw his cloth into the market: if the
currency is being increased the price of cotton
cloth will so increase that he will make a great
profit on his purchase; but if the currency is
being contracted, as it has been for the last
year, he may purchase cotton at twenty-five
cents a pound, and before he can possibly
manufacture his cotton and throw the cloth
into the market prices may so descend as to
cause him to meet with a great loss on the cot-
ton which he purchased as he supposed at a
great bargain.
And that has been the condition of the man-
ufacturers in our large manufacturing cities of
the East during the past year. Two of the
corporations there—the Tremont and the Suf-
folk—very large establishments, are now stand-
ing silent and gloomy as tombstones in a grave-
yard on account of the heavy losses which
they have met with during the past year.
1 asked this gentleman if they could possibly
manufacture cotton at fifteen cents a pound at
a profit. He said " certainly." Then said I
to him, "Suppose that the price of cotton is
increased to seventeen and a half cents"—be-
cause the price of cotton has gone down, in
anticipation of the removal of the tax of two
and a half cents on the pound—"can you then
make money ? " and he thought that they could
not. Then, a§ a matter of course, the manufac-
turers will not buy cotton at seventeen and a
half cents a pound if they can make nothing
upon it; and either they will shut up their
manufacturing establishments or the grower
of the cotton, the producer, must sell it at the
old price and pay the tax himself. This is the
way the matter will stand if this tax is suffered
to remain upon cotton. The mannfacturer
cannot pay the tax; he will close his estab-
lishment first; and therefore the producer
must pay the tax. The producer possibly
might be able to pay this tax if industry at the
South had been reorganized.
If the southern people would suffer the
southern States to be reorganized so that
northern capital and northern labor could go
in there and raise cotton I doubt not that
they might raise it even at ten cents a pound
at a profit; but they cannot as things now
stand; as prices now are in the South they
cannot possibly do it. Hence the necessity,
as a temporary matter, to remove this tax on
cotton, for the relief not-only of the freedmen
but of northern men who have gone South for
the purpose of raising cotton. I have on my
table a letter which I have received within a
few days, not from a southern rebel who is
raising cotton, but from the colonel of a Con-
necticut regiment during the late war, who,
with his father-in-law, with his brother-in-law,
and his uncle, went South and bought planta-
tions for the purpose of raising cotton. They
have all been obliged to leave the country
with the sacrifice of almost everything that
they put into these plantations, except him-
self, and he is dragging out a miserable ex-
istence there. He tells me that this tax comes
out of the mouths of hungry men, women, and
children; that they cannot possibly live there
with the tax upon cotton.
Now, sir, it seeins to me that this tax should
be removed for another reason: in order that
