1808.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Ferriss.
Ho. op Reps.
committed to its charge, and a deliberate sur-
render of those interests to the enemies of the
B>epublic and of constitutional liberty.
On the 2d day of March, 1867, the act
known as the tenure-of-civil-office act became
a law. The first and sixth sections of that act
are as follows:
"Beit enactcd, <£c„ That every person holding any
civil office to which he has been appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and every
person who shall hereafter be appointed to any such
office, and shall become duly qualified to act therein,
is and shall' be entitled to hold such office until a
successor shall have been in like manner appointed
and duly Qualified. except as herein otherwise pro-
vided : Provided, That tho Secretaries of State, of
the Treasury, of War, of tho Navy, and of the Inte-
rior, the Postmaster General, and tho Attorney Gen-
eral sh all hold their offices respectively for and during
the term of the President by whom they may have
been appointed, and for one month thereafter, sub-
ject to removal by and with the advice and consent
of tho Senate.
"Sue. 6. That every removal, appointment, or em-
ployment made, had, or exercised contrary to tho
provisions of this act, and the making, signing, seal-
ing, countersigning, or issuing of any commission or
letter of authority for or in respect to any such ap-
pointment or employment, shall be deemed, and are
hereby declared to be, high misdemeanors, and upon
trial and conviction thereof every person guilty
thereof, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
110,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding five years,
or both said punishments, in the discretion of the
court: Provided, ThatthePresidentshallhavepower
to make out and deliver, after the adjournment of
the Senate, commissionsfor all officers whose appoint-
ment shall have been advised and consented to by
the Senate."
It is said that " the Secretary of War does
not come within the provisions of this law ; that
he is one of the officers named in the proviso
of the first section; that he was appointed by
Mr. Lincoln, was never reappointed, and is
holding over by sufferance, the month named
in the proviso having long since expired." Let
us see whether this reasoning is good. Mr.
Stanton was appointed by Mr. Lincoln during
his first term, and whether reappointed upon
Mr. Lincoln's second election is perfectly im-
material. He was the Secretary of War regu-
larly appointed, continuing in office without any
limitation of his term by law or otherwise ; was
acknowledged and recognized as such by the
acting President, even in his orders to remove
him and appoint a successor. The month men-
tioned in the proviso, if it applied to the first
term of Mr. Lincoln, expired before his death.
This being the state of affairs when the law was
passed, the proviso only did not include the
Secretary of War, otherwise the law would be
retroactive.
In direct violation of the Constitution and of
that law, the President has, during the session
of the Senate, issued an order removing Edwin
M. Stanton, Secretary of War, and appointing
in his place Lorenzo Thomas Secretary of War
ad interim, and General Thomas has, under
the direction of the President, given notice of
his acceptance of the place, demanded posses-
sion of the office, and notified the Secretary
than he should take charge of the mail matter
pertaining to the War Department. The Pres-
ident had before suspended the Secretary of
War from the exercise of the duties of his office,
and the Senate refusing to confirm the Presi-
dent's action Mr. Stanton had been regularly,
and in pursuance of, returned to his place at
the head of the Department. This act of the
President is not only a violation of the statute,
but an assumption of power not granted by the
Constitution of the united States, either ex-
pressly or by implication. It is the first time
since the organization of the Government that
a President has appointed a Cabinet officer
during the session of the Senate and attempted
to induct him into office. If ever claimed thr.t
power has never been exercised and is not
granted, but, on the contrary, clearly prohibited
by implication. The Constitution provides
that—
" He [the President] shall have power, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make trea-
ties, provided two thirds of the Senators present eon-
cur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of tho Senate shall appoint, em-
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges
of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United States whose appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for, andwhichshallhe established
by law."
It further provides that—
"The President shall bave power to ill up all va-
cancies th at may happen during the recess of the Sen-
ate, by granting commissions which shall expire at
the end of their next session."
And neither the law of 1795, the civil-tenure
act, nor any other law of Congress has en-
larged the power here given and defined.
The constitutionality of the law of March
last is questioned. Upon that subject it might
be sufficient to say the President is not the
proper officer or tribunal to pass upon the
constitutionality of any law. He finds it upon
the statute-book, and among the duties he has
assumed "he shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed." It is so enjoined by tho
very Constitution he invokes to his aid. If he
ignores the law upon the ground that it is
unconstitutional he does so at his peril. Like
the plea of insanity to escape the penalty of
murder the unconstitutionality of a law has
become a common excuse for its violation.
Whether a public officer is justified in refusing
to execute a law of doubtful validity it is unim-
portant to discuss. The President has no such
case to justify him. He had already been in-
formed, in a manner and from a source he is
bound to respect, that the civil-tenure act was
in all its parts constitutional. It will be ob-
served that this law was passed near the close
of the last session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, sent to the President for his signature,
and returned with his objections, prominent
among which are objections to the constitu-
tionality of this identical sixth section. The
bill and these objections were reconsidered by
the Senate and passed over the presidential
veto by the constitutional majority of two
thirds, and, being passed by the same majority
in the House, thus became the law of the land,
the President's objections to tho contrary not-
withstanding. The majority of two thirds re-
quired to pass the bill is the same majority
required to convict upon impeachment, and
the men constituting that majority are there
now to try the President upon the charges of
high crimes and misdemeanors. In deciding
questions presented as legislators they were
impelled by the same convictions of duty and
moved by the same reasons as must control
them when sitting as a court. The Senate has
peculiar powers. It is one of the coordinate
branches of the law-making power, and in
cases of impeachment it is tho court to enforce
the law of its own creation. The constitution-
ality of this law was, therefore, practically set-
tled. The Senate has passed upon that ques-
tion. It is in vain that gentlemen may appeal
to the Supremo Court of the United States. I
respect that learned body as one of the branches
of the Government, and I have no doubt, were
the question fairly presented, that court would
sustain this law. If it did not, the decision
would be of no possible consequence whatever,
except as the opinion of men learned in the
law, and would be of no more binding force
upon the court for the trial of impeachments
than the decision of a police justice of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. No case that comes before
the Supreme Court can possibly come before
the court for the trial of impeachments. Tho
Senate has the solo power to try impeachments.
In this regard it has original and sole jurisdic-
tion. It has no other jurisdiction as a court,
and no other court can in any way take juris-
diction of persons impeached or the subject-
matter of impeachments. There is no appeal
from the decision of the Senate as a court. It
is the highest court known to the Constitution
and laws of our country. Its judgment is final
and irreversible. No power on earth can
review it.
I have spoken of tho Senate as the highest
court known to the Constitution and the laws,
it is nowhere called a court. It is the Senate
which is to try impeachments. For that pur-
pose it is clothed with the powers of a court.
All there is upon that subject is contained in
the last paragraph of section three of the first
article of the Constitution, and is in these
words:
"The Senate Shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments. When sitting for that purpose they
shall be on oath or affirmation. When the.l'resident
of tho United States is tried tho Chief Justicc shall
preside; and no person shall be oonvicted without
the concurrence of two thirds of the members present.
"Judgment in case of impeachment shall not ex-
tend further than to removal from ofBce and disqual-
ification to hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust,
or profit under the United States, but the party con-
victed shall nevertheless be liable and subject to in-
dictment, trial, judgment, and punishment, accord-
ing to law."
The calling of the Chief Justice to preside
in cases where the President is tried does not
change the character of the Senate. Whether
it was thought the Vice President would have
such an interest in the trial which, if it resulted
in a conviction, would make him President, as
to render it improper for him to preside, or,
what is much more probable, it was to provide
a presiding officer in case the -President Was
suspended from exercising the duties of his
office and the Vice President was discharging
those duties while the trial was progressing, as
was stated by Mr. Madison in the debates in
the Virginia convention, is of no importance
whatever. The Vice President is not a Sena-
tor any more than the Chief Justice. Which-
ever presides it is still the Senate, which, by
the provisions of the Constitution last quoted,
has power to try and render a judgment—attri-
butes pertaining to all courts. It passes upon
and decides, while trying impeachments, simi-
lar questions, and in the same manner as tri-
bunals known only as courts. In this manner
it must determine the validity of laws. So
must every court, high and low; and so must
every tribunal, man, or number of men upon
whom devolves the duty of doing any act what-
ever in pursuance of a written law.
The Supreme Court is not created for the
purpose of passing upon the constitutionality
of the laws. It must perform that duty when
the laws or a law is called in question in a case
regularly before it. Its decision is conclusive
in such case, so far as that court is concerned,
and is only binding as authority upon inferior
tribunals from which an appeal may be taken
to that court. Such decision does pot blot out
the law; it remains upon the statute-book. It
is true the same court may overrule its own
decision, and declare void a statute which it
had before sustained; but while the law is
unrepealed and the decision stands itis control-
ling upon inferior tribunals and all persons
whose acts may come within the jurisdiction
of those tribunals, it is no less true that the
Senate, while trying an impeachment, may
overrule its former determination as a branch
of the Legislature, but until it does so its con-
clusions are binding authority and notice to
all persons who may be brought within its
judicial jurisdiction. He is a bold man, then,
who proclaims the civil-tenure act unconstitu ■
tional. The President, in this respect, has
assumed an unenviable responsibility.
In the remarks submitted on Monday last,
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward,] I was not surprised to hear that
gentleman characterize Congress as "irregular,
unconstitutional, fragmentary bodies." He
might, without in the least marring the harmony
of his speech or weakening his argument, have
added m the emphatic language of the distin-
guished individual whose cause he advocates,
•'hanging on the verge of the Government"
Sir, if this is not a constitutional Congress, if
it has no right to make laws, and the Senate
is not authorized to act as a court in cases
committed by the organic law to its jurisdic-
tion, if this House is an "ifregular, unconstitu-
tional, and fragmentary body," with all due
respect to that gentleman I would like to
know what brings him here? In what capacity
