1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2757
nelly anterior to his becoming a member of the
House, .are uot a breach of the privileges of the
Xlou.^e or of .Mr. DosxuhiiY as a member, arid there-
fore furnish no proper ground for an investigation
with a view to protect and defend the privileges of
the Mouse or its members by punishing the person
violating them.
Libelous publications in reference to the parlia-
mentary body itself are a breach of its privileges
which may be punished, and so a libelous publica-
tion against a single member of such body in his
capacity of a member, or affecting his conduct or
character as sucb, is equally so, as casting discredit
up on the body.
But a libelous3 publication concerning a member
in his private character and capacity only has never
been regarded a? a breach of privilege, either of the
body of which he is a member or of the member
himself, and be must seek redress for such private
injury in the same manner other citizens do, by vin-
dication through the public press, or by resort to the
legal tribunals. The principle is much the same as
that applicable to the per?on of the member. If an
asbauit be made or other personal injury be done to
a member while in attendance upon the House, or
while going to or returning from such attendance, it
is a breach of privilege, but an assault upon the per-
sonal' a member not in attendance, and in no way
affecting his attendance as> a member, is not.
As has been already stated, if the words of this
letter had been used by Mr. Washburnk upon the
floor ot the House they would have been disorderly,
a breach of the privileges of the House, and of Mr.
DoifNETiTA" as a member, and he could properly have
been punished therefor. This is upon the ground that
the use of any language upon the floor, derogatory to
the personal character of a member, is calculated to
provoke disturbance and disorder in the proceed-
ings, and bring ,the body itself into contempt and
disgrace. These reasons do not apply to the public-
ation of the same words in a newspaper a thousand
miles distant.
in relation to the binding force of the passage of
the resolution by the House, as urged by Mr. I)ok-
kei.ly, we would observe, that upon the introduc-
tion and passage of the resolution the power of the
House and the extent of its proper jurisdiction does
not appear to have been at all debated, and was not
probably to any considerable extent considered. The
resolution also assumed that the letter of Mr. Wash-
burxe charged Mr. Donnelly with bribery and cor-
ruption as a member, which, if true, was clearly a
proper question of privilege for the action of tho
House.
Your committee have not, therefore, felt them-
selves at oil embarrassed by thelanguageof there^o-
lution. or thereby compelled to go forward in the
investigation of what remains of this case, which,
in our judgment, is of a private and persona! char-
acter only, involving no question of privilege, If
the judgment of the House should not concur with
that of the committee, no delay will have occurred
bv reason of our now presenting our report to the
House in its present form.
Your committee, therefore, a<=k to be discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution, and
recommend that the same be laid upon the table.
The question was upon ordering the report
to be printed.
Mr. DONNELLY. Will the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] yield to me for two or
three minutes?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. DONNELLY'. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
refer to this very remarkable report or to the
remarkable state of facts it details, in the man-
ner I would desire, in consequence of the
absence, from this Hall at this time of the
gentleman alluded to in the report, the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washbuuxe.]
I will? however, call the attention of the
House and of the country to the fact that that
gentleman has unequivoeallyretracted so much
of his charges as he would be compelled either
to retract or to prove, and that he has raised the
question that the committee had no right to
investigate the remainder of his charges. He
has been willing neither to prove them,
retract them, nor to permit me to disprove
them at my own expense. On some future
occasion 
Mr. POLAND. I hardly expected when I
yielded to the gentleman from Minnesota that
he was going very much into this subject.
Mr. DONNELLY. I am not.
Mr. POLAND. And as the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washbcrste,] who is concerned,
is absent, I think any debate on the report
should be deferred.
Mr. DONNELLY. I do not propose to
animadvert upon the report, except to state
what 1 think the House and the country would
consider to be 
Mr. MA.YNA.RD. I rise to inquire whether
tlittre is any way in which this whole matter
can be withdrawn for the present?
Mr. POLAND. I submitted the report for
the purpose of having it ordered to be printed.
I intended,^ after that order had been made, to
move that it be laid on the table, and not to
call it up for any action until the gentleman
from Illinois is present.
Mr. DONNELLY. I trust I have said
nothing J should not have said.
Mr. BURR. I object to any debate until
my colleague [Mr. E. B. Washburne] is here.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the report be
printed.
Mr._ DONNELLY. I hope the gentleman
will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. POLAND. I think I had better not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] will be al-
lowed to proceed. I do not think there is
anybody who can understand that report from
its reading, or tell which side the committee
are on, or how they have decided.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the report be
printed and laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take the
liberty to suggest to the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] that perhaps the better
way would be for him to move that the report
be printed and recommitted.
Mr. POLAND. I supposed that this might
be treated like a report from the Committee
of Elections. When such reports are presented
they are laid on the table, and can be called
up at any time.
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege
affecting the right of a member to his seat can
be called up at any time. This is near enough
to such a question to take the same course; but
probably the better course would be to order
the report to be printed and recommitted.
Mr. POLAND. I move, then, that the report
be ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN LINE OP OCEAN STEAMERS.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads a. bill (H. R. No. 930) to pro-
vide for an American line of mail and emi-
grant passenger steamships between New York
and one or more European ports ; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted,
Mr. HILL also, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of several New York mer-
chants on the same subject; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills have just been
referred to committees ; and that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN SI. PALMER.
Mr. COBB. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table joint
resolution ( H. 11. No. 218) for the relief of
John M. Palmer, in order that I may move non-
concurrence with the Senate's amendment,
and the appointment of a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) ad- J
journed. Ij
' I,
PETITIONS, ETC. ||
The following petitions were presented under l|
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com- u
mittees: [■
By the SPEAKER: The petition of P. j'
Cordes, of Laporte county, and others, and !i
Henry Reekart, of Miami county, Indiana. !,
and others, relative to the tax on cigars and
tobacco.
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of D. Keeler
and others, citizens of Battle Creek, Michigan,
in opposition to any increase of tax upon '
cigars, and in favor of revenue stamps thereon.
By Mr. BOYER: The petition of 69 cigar
manufacturers and growers of and dealers in
seed leaf tobacco against any ehange of the rate
of taxation on cigars.
Also, the petitions of 36 manufacturing com-
panies and firms of Montgomery and Lehigh
counties, Pennsylvania, employing when in
full operation 3,012 workmen, now employing
2,583 workmen, signed also by citizens of said
counties, representing that the industry of the
country is paralyzed for want of sufficient pro-
tection against the cheaper capital and labor of
foreign countries; that the manufacturing pop-
ulation cannot continue to pay prices for pro
visionseven approaching those now realized by
agriculturists while exposed to competition with
^ the Old World under a tariff which, owing to
i the decline of the premium upon gold, has
i become inadequate, and which, in prospect of
i a continued decline, must shortly prove ruin-
ous ; that much of the distress now prevalent
would be relieved by the passage of the tariff
i bill which failed in the House of Representa-
tives, March. 1SG7, for want of time; and
praying that Congress will resume considera-
tion of that measure, and enact it into a law at
; the earliest practicable, moment.
! By Mr. DR1GGS: The petition of Francis
Otto, and 10 others, citizens of East Sagi-
, naw. Michigan, cigar manufacturers, setting
1 forth the fact that they regard the present tax
of five dollars per thousand as just, equitable,
and proper, and protesting against an increased
tax of five dollars per thousand as unjust and
calculated to ruin the trade, and throw thou-
sands of poor men out of employment.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of the cigar-
makers of Steubenville, Ohio, in opposition to
the proposed change in the tax on cigars.
By Mr. GETZ : A memorial from cigar man-
ufacturers, journeymen cigar-makers, dealers
in cigars, and growers of tobacco, in the city
of Reading and county of Beiks, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against the proposed change of
the rate of internal revenue tax on cigars from
five to ten dollars per thousand, and praying
for the substitution of the system of collecting
the reveue on cigars by revenue stamps, in-
stead of inspectors' stamps.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of 142 printers and bindois of Cam-
bridge, Massachusetts, representing that I be
productive interests of the country are suffer-
ing for want of efficient protection against the
cheaper capital and labor of foreign countries;
that the customs duties, which were sufficient
under a high gold premium to create and foster
manufactures, have become inadequate, and
must shortly pi'ove ruinous ; that much of the
distress now prevalent and daily increasing
would be relieved by the legislation suggested
in special Commissioner Wells's report of last
year, and perfected in the tariff bill (as passed by
the Senate) which failed in the House, March,
18(57, for want of time, and praying Congress
to resume consideration of that measure and
enact it into a law at the earliest practicable
moment.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The
remonstrance of Ira }V. Porter and others, of
Hartford county, Connecticut, against the pro-
posed increase of tax on cigars.
By Mr. HUNTER: A memorial of 156
coopers, residing in the city of 'l'erre Haute,
Indiana, asking that the tax on whisky be re-
duced to twenty-five cents on the gallon, so as
to stop the frauds in ihe manufacture and sale
of that article.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Henry
C. Semple, charging Hon. Richard Busteed,
United States district judge of Alabama, with
official incompetency and corruption, and pray- -
ing that an investigation of the charges be
ordered.
By Mr. L AWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of G manufacturing firms of Beaver
county. Pennsylvania, representing that for
want of efficient protection against pauper labor
of foreign countries industry is paralyzed, and
praying for legislation to meet the exigencies
of the case.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petitions of iron
manufacturers of Bradford and Columbia eoun-
