234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Ferriss.
40th Cosg....2d Sess.
is he acting, and for what purpose does he
take part in the work of making laws and the
other legitimate business of Congress, such, for
instance, as taking action upon the resolution
presentingthe Chief Magistrate for high crimes
and misdemeanors? If he entertains the opin-
ions he has given utterance to has he no con-
scientious scruples about receiving the people's
money in pay for his salary as a member of
Congress ? Is he acting with and as one of an
unlawful body in the making of laws which
are void and of no effect whatever, and does
he still claim pay for such services? Who is
to-day the acting Chief Magistrate of the Uni-
ted States, whose term in office we propose to
shorten, and by what authority does lie assume
to sign or veto laws, issue proclamations and
orders, appoint men to and remove them from
office, and exercise all other powers pertain-
ing to the chief executive officer of the nation ?
Fewer States than are represented upon this
floor placed him in the second office in the
gift of the American people. His own State
of Tennessee had nopartorlot in it. Through
the misplaced confidence of Republicans of
the loyal States alone he became Vice Pres-
ident of the United States. A contingency
occurring for which provision had been made
the duties of President devolved upon him.
How faithfully and well he has discharged
those duties I propose to show hereafter, Is
he a fragmentary President? Perhaps so, but
whether a fragment or an entirety he is cer-
tainly near "the verge of the Government/' and
if justice is done will soon be beyond that verge.
If this is not a constitutional Congress then
we have no Government at all, and secession
accomplished its purpose. The voluntary with-
drawal from Congress of the Senators and
Representatives from a single State would at
any time have broken up the Union. These
States are held together by no such watery
tether as that. Suppose the Representative
from the State of Delaware should die, must
the business of legislation be delayed until the
vacancy is filled? It would be very strange,
indeed, if the wheels of Government could be
blocked in that way. The right to excludc
Representatives for crime cannot be ques-
tioned ; and the effect whether excluded for
good reason, or the States remain unrepre-
sented of their own choice, can make no differ-
ence.
Mr. Chairman, I was not honored with a seat
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, but, sir, I was
not indifferent to the stirring events of that
period. The bitter denunciations and covert
threats in the form of warnings which fell from
the lips of my colleague [Mr. Bkooks] in the
early part of this debate, and the incendiary
language with which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] closed his remarks,
forcibly remind me of the hour when treason,
which had been thirty years incubating, threw
off the shallow covering which concealed it
from the public view and stood forth in all its
naked and hideous deformity armed for the
destruction ofthe Republic. I remember well,
sir, how the loyal people of this nation stood
appalled as the traitors, ripe for their hellish
work, one by one abandoned their places and
wentlbrth from these Halls to take part in the
bloody contest which they had here matured.
Sir, I am unwilling to pursue the parallel
further. When I reflect that the chief con-
spirator is to-dayan indicted felon, awaiting his
trial before a jury, of his countrymen for the
highest crime known to our laws, and those of
his coconspirators who, escaping the sword,
fled from the land of their birth, whoso benig-
nant laws and liberal institutions they sought
to destroy, are now fugitives in a foreign land,
without a home or a country, without consider-
ing the miseries and desolation that follow in
the train of war, I will not believe there is a
single Representative upon this floor who would
knowingly or intentionally inaugurate another
rebellion. Does the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania fully realize the full import of his words
when he says:
"If I were the President's counselor, which I am
not, X would advise lam, if you prefer articles of im-
peachment, to demur both to your jurisdiction and
that of the Senate, and to issue a proclamation giv-
ing you and all the world notice that while ho held
himself impeachable for misdemeanors in office be-
fore the constitutional tribunal he never would sub-
ject the office he held in trust for the people to the
irregular, unconstitutional, fragmentary bodies who
proposed to strip him of it. Such a proclamation,
with the Army andNavyin hand to sustain it, would
meet a popular response that would make an end of
impeaohment and impeachers."
Such language grates harshly upon loyal
ears. Such advice is seditious, rebellious,
revolutionary. Its impotency excites ridiculc,
and alone shields it from fitting rebuke. I
would not, under any circumstances, willingly
trust with power the head or heart that could
give utterance to such sentiments. How any
man who has been long clothed with judicial
power, learned and schooled in the civil law,
and accustomed to see its decrees and judg-
ments respected and enforced, can advise for-
cible resistance to a proceeding in pursuance
of the provisions of the Constitution is utterly
incomprehensible. Such advice, if followed)
leads straight to civil war.
The same gentleman characterized the
charges against the Executive asboth "false and
foolish," words whose use is not prohibited by
any parliamentary rule, if it accords with the
taste of the speaker to adopt them. Folly is
more frequently a misfortune than a crime. The
Creator has not endowed all men with equal
mental powers or equal moral graccs, and, while
a reasonable allowance should be made for the
excitement of debate, the wisdom is not envi-
able or the morality commendable which, with
the light and experience of the past few years
before it, would advise the President to issue
his proclamation of resistance to the law and
call upon the Army and Navy to sustain him.
His repeated attempts to seduce Grant, Sher-
man, fhomas, and their compatriots in the
Army from their allegiance to their country
have signally failed. Hislastattemptto subord-
inate the War Department to his unholy pur-
poses has been thwarted ; the citizen soldiers
who stood by the flag in the dark days of the
rebellion are true to it still, and if the ques-
tion were asked them, " Will you have Andrew
Johnson for President or king," the response
from half a million voices would be, ' 'Neither.''
What! call upon the Army and Navy to sus-
tain him ; as well might the evil one call upon
saints to aid him in enticing victims to his
infernal regions. The Army and Navy of the
United States do not answer to such calls as
that. He may call, but, like calling spirits
from the vasty deep, they will not come.
The material power of this Republic has
been settled. After four years of such strife
as the world had never witnessed; after five
hundred thousand of our youth had found an
early, bloody grave; when every hamlet in
theland was draped in mourning, and thousands
of households were bowed down with grief and
sorrow; after towns and cities were laid waste,
and the desolation which follows in the track
of war marred the fair face of our common
country, treason and rebellion, powerful be-
yond any previous conception, went down
before the armies of the Union, and the starry
banner of the Republic floated high above the
sea of blood, peacefully, gracefully, triumph-
antly inviting beneath its protecting folds the
oppressed of all the nations ofthe earth. The
power of this Government to defend itself and
maintain its existence and integrity against its
enemies, internal as well as external, was fully
determined and forever settled.
We are now about to test the moral power
of the Government. A resolution impeaching
the President, for high crimes and misdemean-
ors has already passed this House. Articles
of impeachment have been presented charg-
ing him with deliberate violation of both the
Constitution and a law of Congress. The act
is not denied. It only remains to establish the
criminal intent. Unfortunately for the Presi-
dent, he has no good character to fall back
upon. His previous course has not been such
as to disarm suspicion. In arraigning the
President I would not indulge in generalities; ■
but his moral turpitude is so engraven upon
the public heart that specifications would be
superfluous. Foremost among the public men
who denounced treason in his inception he
stole tho confidence of Republicans through-
out the Union. Alone of all the Senators
from the seceding States he stood firmly by
the Union when the day of separation came.
As military governor of Tennessee he was the
personification of loyalty itself. Bold, defiant,
energetic, and untiring in battling the enemies
of his country, he became the special object
of rebel vengeance and copperhead abuse.
He was profuse with denunciations of treason
and traitors. He went farther than the Repub-
lican party of to-day have ever gone or thought
of going. He declared that traitors must be
punished and impoverished and treason made
odious. He insisted that their social power
should be destroyed, that Union men should
be remunerated out of the pockets of the
rebels. His language in reference to protect-
ing Union men and restoring the States to the
Union is so significant that I quote it entire :
" I hold itasolemn obligation in everyone of these
States where tho rebel armies have been beaten back
or expelled, Icarenothovv small the number of Union
men, if enough to man the ship of State, I hold it to
be a high duty to protect and secure to them a re-
publican form of government until they again gain
strength. They must not be smothered by inches."
In calling a convention to restore States he
said:
" Who shall restore it? Shall the man who gave
his influence and means to destroy the Government?
Is ho to participate in thegreat work of reorganizing
the Government who brought this misery on tho
State?"
He said if there were but five thousand loyal
men in a State they should govern it. ITe
favored a division and partition of large plant-
ations among the loyal men of the South. He
promised protection to the freedmen, and as-
sured them, if no other leader appeared, he
himself would be their Moses to lead them
from a worse than Egyptian bondage.
With such promises and professions as these
he secured the confidence of the Republican
party and cheated them out of a nomination
and election to the Vice Presidency. Now
comes another chapter in the history of this
man : on the day of his inauguration, in the
presence of the nation's Representatives aud
the representatives of foreign Governments, he
disgraced himself and dishonored his office.
He brought shame and humiliation upon all the
people, and how has he kept his promises and
pledges given during the rebellion ? Instead
of punishing traitors he has pardoned thou-
sands, and the whole rebel host are now his
most ardent admirers and earnest supporters.
Not one has been brought to trial before a civil
tribunal. Whatkind of a Moses hehas proved
to the colored race is answered by the mas-
sacres of New Orleans and Memphis, and the
blood of thousands of these people, murdered
by rebels, and no effort made to mete out pun-
ishment to the murderers. Has he compelled
traitors to take back seats in the work of re-
construction ? His persistent efforts to restore
rebels to power, the appointment of scores of
men to office throughout the southern States
who could not take the oath of office without
committing perjury, furnish ready answers.
Have traitors been impoverished? The res-
toration to rebels, without compensation, of
railway property of incalculable value, and upon
which the Government had expended more
than forty million dollars, the stripping of freed-
men of thousands of acres of confiscated land
which had been dedicated to them bylaw, and
turning over these lands to their former rebel
owners, are facts which furnish a reasonably
satisfactory answer to that question.
