1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1735
fore a smaller consumption. In short, what-
ever increases the price diminishes the con-
sumption, and therefore renders the business
of production less profitable; that is to say, costs
the producer part of his former profits.
This accounts for the behavior of producers
in anticipation of a tax or duty. It explains
the interest which one manufacturing people
manifests in the tariff laws of another, and it
renders intelligible the eagerness with which
such people make commercial treaties by which
their goods are admitted free of duty into other
countries. These things, and many others,
would be wholly inexplicable upon the oppo-
site hypothesis.
We can, therefore, levy a tax upon foreign
producers in aid of our public burdens. We
can make foreign countries bear a share of
the debt which they assisted to create ; and
who will say that we ought to spare them at
the expense of our own loyal citizens? While
we are obliged to impose grievous burdens upon
producers, who will say that we ought to dis-
criminate against those of our own country ? If
we can afford to make special exemptions from
taxation, who will say that we ought to make
thern in favor of those who not only turned
coldly from ns in the day of our trouble, but
who stabbed us in the back while we grappled
■with our deadly enemy?
Let us now devote some attention to the
other alternative, the hypothesis that the result
of the proposed legislation will be the lessen-
ingof importations and consequent stimulation
of domestic production.
The most serious objection is made to the
imposition of duties upon imports of such com-
modities as are also produced here. It is not
surprising that the foreign manufacturer and
the importer should single out that class of du-
ties as the most objectionable. When a domestic
substitute, nearly as good or nearly as cheap,
stands ready to take the place of the foreign,
any increase of price of the latter will much
more surely and speedily reduce its consump-
tion. But the special objection is not limited
to these interested parties. Our own advocates
of free trade, who represent, or pretend to
represent, the interests of the consumers, are
equally loud in denouncing as the most in-
iquitous of nil imposts those which operate
to the advantage of the domestic manufacturer.
Now, there is no consistency in this. The
existence of a domestic substitute, while it is
a peculiar injury to the foreign producer, is a
benefit to the American consumer. It lessens
the priec of the foreign article. It causes a
greater proportion of the duty to fall upon
the producer and a less upon the consumer.
Under a given amount of duty an import
will command a higher price without the exist-
ence of a substitute than with. Who doubts that
under a duty of sixty per cent, railroad iron
would be higher here if there were no iron
mines in America? The consumer ought to
be the last to complain of the fact that rail-
road iron can be made here. lie ought to be
the last to complain of the imposition of a
high duty upon that product, rather than upon
one of which there is no home supply or sub-
stitute. The fact that such complaints are
made by those who ought rather to be thank-
ful does credit to the thoroughness of our
foreign free-trade teaching. The lesson has
been well learned when the proselyte is made
to complain of that which benefits him, and
only injures his teacher.
It is a great mistake to suppese that the
interests of the great, West are subserved by
free trade. I grant that certain products can,
just for the present, be obtained from abroad
at a less cost than that of making them in the
Mississippi valley; but the cost of transporta-
tion is a large item in the price of all commod-
ities, and that item can be lessened or avoided
by bringing the consumer and producer to-
gether. All other things being equal, prices
are least in the countries where productive
labor is the most diversified, because in those
countries the item of transportation is the
smallest. What the West wants is a home
market; and to make that diversity of pro-
duction is necessary. The true statesman will
not limit his view to the immediate present, but
will look to the lasting interests of his coun-
try. Where the raw material is produced just
where the manufactured article is needed the
system by which a transportation of six thou-
sand miles is required to convert the one into
the other must be a bad one; and, as business
is now done, wool is produced in Iowa, carried
to Europe, put into the hands of workmen fed
upon breadstuffs raised in Iowa, and there
made into cloth to be brought back and worn
in Iowa. It is difficult to see that this is not
bad economy, _Why should Missouri and Illi-
nois,with their immense resources of coal and
iron, produce corn and pork to be carried thou-
sands of miles to feed workmen there while
they make railroad iron to be brought home
and laid over the very beds of the raw mate-
rial ? Why not bring the laborer himself to the
spot where the product is needed, and where
its constituent elements are found? Take the
material to him, and we do it at our cost.
Bring him to it, and he comes at his own.
But I will be asked, how is the workman to
be got there? I answer by showing him he is
wanted. Labor like everything else finds its
way by the laws of trade to the place where it
is most needed, because there it commands
the highest price. I know that the transporta-
tion of labor, though a cheap process, is aslow
one. It needs stimulating ; it needs encourage-
ment. Proper inducements held out will greatly
accelerate the process.
In fact, the laborer is already on his way to
the iron and coal beds of the West. Proper
encouragement in the past has already brought
him three thousand miles of the distance. This
is hopeful. Why not continue the encourage-
ment? Why seek in the interests of foreign pro-
ducers and importers to drive him back again ?
livery advantage secured to manufacUuera
in the blast is a step toward obtaining them in
the West. They can only travel westward
through prosperity in the East. Break them
down in Pittsburg and Lowell, and they will
never find their way to the Mississippi valley.
My native county is studded all over with
manufacturing villages, and breadstuffs com-
mand a higher average price there than in the
Philadelphia market. This results from the
fact that the producer and consumer are im-
mediate neighbors, and the cost of transporta-
tion is almost nothing. Now, it isforthe West
to say whether she will continue to carry her
agricultural products three thousand miles to
market orbrmg the consumer to her own doors.
One is the result of free trade and the other of
protection.
Bat the wants of the Treasury are such that
the old controversy about piolection and rev-
enue tariff may be looked upon as at an end,
at least during the present and some coming
generations. All tariffs must be now strictly
for revenue, and, if fairly so, they will be suf-
ficiently protective. Whatever system will
raise the greatest amount of money must, of
necessity, be adopted. This, however, is by no
means the one which will produce the largest
revenue from commerce. The internal rev-
enue must lie taken into the account, and the
greatest aggregate might arise from the system
which produced the smallest amounts from
imports. During the year ending June 30,
18G(>, less than one third the entire revenue of
the Government arose from customs, $179,000,-
000 out of $558,000,000, during the previous
year about one fourth, 385,000,000 out of
$334,000,000, and during the subsequent year
$170,000,000 out of $400,000,000. The inter-
nal revenue is. therefore, much the more im-
portant, and a large part of it consists of taxes
levied upon domestic products. By destroying
these we might, and would, certainly reap a
larger income from imports, but the Govern-
ment would be vastly the loser in the end.
By lessening the duties upon such imports
as come into direct competition with the man-
ufactures of our own country importation would
be stimulated and a larger customs revenue
raised, but the internal revenue from the
domestic product would be m-uch more than
correspondingly decreased. The business in-
terests of the country are so interwoven that
any cheek to production in one department
will operate disastrously in many, if net most
others. There is not only the loss of the tax
that might have"bcen levied upon the product
immediately affected, but the loss of what
might have been raised upon a dozen others
directly or remotely connected with it.
The advocates of protection will be well
satisfied^ if the tariff laws are so adjusted to
the business of the country that the largest
possible _ revenue in the aggregate shall be
raised without increasing the rate of internal
taxation. Such laws must necessarily be suffi-
ciently protective unless they are ingeniously
contrived in fho interests of other countries to
discriminate, against our own skill and industry.
Vv hile the necessity for the protection of our
own manufactures against foreign competition
has been usually held to arise from their in-
fancy, and therefore to be temporary, yet I
apprehend that that necessity will always exist
until foreign labor generally shall arise to the
dignity of that of our own country. The cost
of labor consists of the cost of maintaining
those who live by their labor and consume thoir
entire earnings. A day's average" labor to the
employer costs the maintenance of an average
laborer for a day, including his proper share of
the expense incident to childhood, old age, and
sickness. This cost depends very much upon
the manner in which the laborer lives, and that
again depends very much upon the habits of
his class and the real or imaginary necessities
which surround him.
If the laborer has no part in the Govern-
ment ; if al 1 the voting and regulating of public
affairs are done by the employers, then with the
best intentions in the world there will be con-
stant discriminations against labor, and the
cost of living to the laborer will be reduced to
the lowest scale. On the other hand, when
the laborer votes, public affairs will naturally
shape themselves to his interests. He will sur-
round himself with comforts and even with
luxuries, and they will enter into the cost of
his living on the footing of necessities. In no
European country has the laborer such voice
in the Government as here. Here the vast
majority of the voters are laborers. While
this distinction continues the Old World must
underwork us. If we were disposed to leduce
the cost of la.bor here to that in Europe, the
political influence of the laborer would render
it impossible.
The time will come when all this will be
changed. I have great faith in the cause of
human progress. Once the laborers were
slaves in all countries now calling themselves
civilized. Gradually, though slowly, and dur-
ing ages and centuries, they have risen to be
freemen. Singularly enough this consumma-
tion has been achieved almost simultaneously
and very recently in the two extremes of hu-
man associations, the most absolute of monar-
chies and the most liberal of Republics—liussia
and Amcrica. But the end is not yet. In all
countries the right of ruling is still limited to
favored classes. The difference in favor of
our own country—and it is great in its bearing
upon the dignity and power of labor in the
State—consists in the fact that the ruling class
here embraces nearly the entire people. The
time is coming when in all civilized countries
the capitalist and the laborer, the employer and
the employed, will be fellow-rulers, equal not
only under the law but in the making of the
law. Then, and not till then, can we afford to
give up the idea of protective duties. Until
then we cannot intrust American labor to free
competition with that of the world. Until
then we must compel the nations with which
we deal to put their commodities on a footing
as to cost with ours, by paying our Government
in duties what they ought to have paid their
workmen in wages.
Mr. HOLMAN addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
