THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March; 7,
M r. LYN CH. Mr. Speaker, the present con -
dition of our national finances largely absorbs
public attention. Various and very important
questions relating thereto are agitated in the
ooutitry and in Congress.
The present situation ig admitted on all
hands to be unsettled and unsatisfactory. All
desire and expect a change, and in the main
it is agreed that the change to be made should
be a change from art irredeemable paper cur-
rency to One redeemable in gold and silver;
that we should reestablish for our currency the
recognized standard of value of other nations
by a resumption of specie payments.
In the interest of this change I propose now
to speak, and shall endeavor to show that some-
thing, that much, may at once be commenced
and carried out to bring about the desired
result.
I do not propose at this time to discuss the
question as to whether our five-twenty bonds
(tre payable in currency or coin ; for this ques-
tion I regard as of really no practical import-
ance. Of no practical importance, I say, for
our currency is to be made redeemable in coin,
is to be redeemable in gold and silver aecord-
ing to the national promise borne' upon its
notes, and a currency redeemable in gold is
the equivalent in gold—as good as gold itself.
Nor is ourfinancial condition to be improved
by attempting at this time to fund in new form
our public debt; for we cannot advantageously
fund our debt until our credit is improved.
Our credit is now in the markets of the world
at thirty per cent, discount; our best bonds
are worth, where they sell for gold, only about
seventy cents on the dollar. Before we attempt
a new loan, for the purpose of retiring the old
0'ile, We must first of all bring the value of our
currency, which fixes the value of our bonds,
to a par with gold and silver.
I believe our present financial condition may
be immediately improved, and shall attempt
to show how it may be done. In order, how-
ever, to do this the more successfully, it is
necessary that I call the attention of the Hoase
to the means by which the present situation
■was reached. A review of the financial policy
adopted at the close of the war, and continued
nearly to the present time, may make plain and
lead us to avoid, in the new policy about to be
adopted, the mistakes and errors of the old,
■which I trust has been at length finally dis-
carded.
Mr. Speaker, on posting the books at the
close of the rebellion the nation found itself a
debtor to the amount of nearly three thou-
• sand million dollars, but with unlimited re-
sources, while its creditors were willing to
accept the lowest rate of interest for the longest
term of payment.
The withdrawal of a million of men from
the pursuits of labor, and the demand for
material to sustain them and to supply the
destructive consumption of war, had stimulated
every branch of productive industry and quick-
ened all the currents of trade. Accumulated
stocks of merchandise had been greatly re-
duced ; prices were consequently high and
labor in active demand; in fact, more fully
employed and better remunerated than ever
before in the history of the country. The dis-
bursements of the Government had reached
every corner of the land, and replenished the
pockets of the humblest of its citizens. The
people had become more free from debt than
ever before. They also had for the first time
a sound national currency ; not a mere repre-
sentative of the indebtedness of the people to
rach other, but the evidence of an actual loan
by the people to the Government, and although
not immediately redeemable in gold amply
"secured by the indorsement of the nation's
faith. With the return of peace, confidence
in the future wasrestored. The great army of
consumers and destroyers was rapidly changed
into an army of producers ; the price of gold
Went steadily down from one hundred and
eighty to twenty-five per cent, premium, and
the laws of trade were fast settling the-business
of the country on a solid foundation'.
But, sir, notwithstanding this prosperous
condition of the country, it was contended by
many financial writers that our apparent pros-
perity was a delusion—our supposed wealth a
sham; that the legal-tender currency of the
Government, which had hitherto answered all
the purposes of money, which had carried us
through the war, and operated so wonderfully
in developing our resources and stimulating
the industry of the country, would become
worthless if it remained in circulation; con-
sequently, it must be retired, and bonds bear-
ing interest must be substituted in its stead.
This currency would if not retired, we were
gravely told, become as worthless as the con-
tinental money of the American Revolution, or
the assignats of France. But, how the Gov-
ernment, unable to pay notes bearing no inter-
est, would be better able to pay them changed
into notes bearing interest, I think the advo-
cates of this policy never condescended to ex-
plain. It was further contended that it was
necessary to check business by withdrawing
the means necessary to its prosecution; _ to
reduce the price of merchandise by reducing
the cost of labor essential to_ its production—
all this in order that speculation and the finan-
cial revulsions, which naturally follow in the
wake of speculation, might be prevented. In
other words, it was deemed necessary that the
business of the country should be placed under
the guardianship of the Government to prevent
its self-destruction.
The present Secretary of the Treasury first
publicly foreshadowed the financial policy of
his administration in his celebrated Fort Wayne
speech in October, 1865. The principal fea-
ture in this policy was the contraction of the
currency, for the avowed double purpose of
returning to specie payments and exercising
such control over the business of the country
as to prevent a financial collapse. The adop-
tion of this policy was urged in the first annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, sub-
mitted to the Thirty-Ninth Congress on its
assembling in December, 1865. In that report,
speaking of the acts authorizing the issue of
United States notes, (greenbacks,) the Secre-
tary says:
"But these acts should be regarded as only tempo-
rary, and the work of retii-ing the notes issued under
them should be commenced without delay, and care-
fully and persistently continued until allaroretired."
Speaking of the condition of the country, he
" If the business of the country rested upon a sta-
ble basis, or it' credits could be kept from being still
further increased, thero would bo less occasion for
solicitude on this subject. But such is not the fact.
Business is not in a healthy condition; it is specula-
tive, feverish, uncertain. Every day th<it contrac-
tion is deferred increases the difficulty of preventing
a financial collapse. Prices and credits will not re-
main as they are. The tide wilt either recede or
advancc; and it will not reeede without the exercise
of the controlling power of Congress."
And then recommends:
"1. That Congress declare that the compound-
interest notes shall cease to be a legal tender from
the day of their matuiity.
"2. That the Secretary be authorized, in his dis-
cretion, to sell bonds of the United States, bearing
interest at a rate not exceeding six per cent., and
redeemable and payable at such periods as may be
conducivo to the interests of the country, for the pur-
pose of retiring not only compound-interest notes,
but the United States notes." * * * *
It will be observed that the policy here an-
nounced had not for its object the funding of
the public debt nor the providing ol' ways and
means for the support of the Government. The
avowed object in adopting this policy was to
regulate and control the business of the coun-
try by a discretionary power to be exercised by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
At any other time in our history previous to
the rebellion the bare proposition to place the
whole business interests of the country under
the supreme control of an officer of the Gov-
ernment, by granting him unrestricted power
over the currency, and thus enabling him to
effect at will all values, the price of merchan-
dise and of labor, the value of stocks and of
debts, would have startled and alarmed the
country, and would scarcely have received the
i! support of a single vote in Congress. But, sir,
so accustomed had we become to the exercise
of large discretionary powers by the Govern-
ernment during the war that we had come to
accept unquestioned any policy it might adopt.
Strange as it may now appear, in the light of
subsequent experience, this policy of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury was, on the 8th day of
December, 1865, indorsed by this House in
the passage of the following resolution, with
but six dissenting votes:
Resolved, That this House cordially concurs in the
views of tho Secretary of the Treasury in relation to
the necessity of a contraction of the currency, with
a view to as early a resumption of specio payments
as the business interests of the country will permit;
and we hereby pledge cooperative action to this end
as speedily as possible.
This decided indication that Congress would
adopt this policy of allowing the Secretary of
the Treasury to contract the currency at dis-
cretion had a very disastrous effect upon the
business interests of the country. Business
experience and sagacity were no longer to be
of any avail in calculating the chances of the
future, as neither the laws of trade nor even
the laws of the land were thereafter to govern
business, but all was to be left to the will or
caprice of a single man.
As might have been expected, confidence in
the future was destroyed. New enterprises
were abandoned and all business operations
curtailed. As money was to be made dearer
and merchandise cheaper, men kept their
money for the rise instead of using it to pro-
duce merchandise, which was to fall. Capital
accumulated in the financial centers, and was
loaned at low rates of interest on call, stimu-
lating stock speculations and gold gambling,
occupations which thrive on the very uncer-
tainties and fluctuations that are distinctive to
all legitimate trade.
Following out the implied instructions of the
House, as indicated in its vote on the resolu-
tion referred to, the Committee of Ways and
Means reported the loan bill, a bill conferring
upon the Secretary of the Treasury unrestricted
power over the currency, and flith the author-
ity, already exercised by him, secretly to sell
gold, placing all the business interests of the
country absolutely under his control. This bill
was, after a very full discussion, defeated on
the 16th of March, 1866, by a vote of 70 to 65.
The disastrous effects of the threatened con-
traction of the currency upon business had
become so apparent as to change public opin-
ion in regard to its policy, and to increaso
against contraction to 70 the vote of 6 which
was found at the commencement of the session.
A bill was subsequently reported authoriz-
ing contraction to the amount of $10,000,000
for the first six months after it went into oper-
ation, and at the rate of $4,000,000 per month
thereafter, and passed this House by a vote of
88 to 53,with forty-seven members absent aud
not voting. It is a significant fact that the
Republican members were equally divided
upon the bill, while the other side of the House,
regarding it as an Administration measure,
voted for it in a solid body. Since that time,
however, those gentlemen have swung round
the circle, and are now the advocates ot unlim-
ited inflation. This bill, passing the Senate
and being approved by the President, became
law, and contraction of the currency the con-
trolling measure of our financial policy.
Coupled with this measure of contraction,
and as a part of the same policy, was that of
making immediately large payments in reduc-
tion of the public debt. The Government ap-
pears to have determined upon the experiment
of testing the amount of strain the business of
the country could bear without breaking. The
volume of currency in circulation among the
people as their means of payment was to be
diminished, sensibly, rapidly diminished ; but
there was to be no diminution of the amount of
taxes which the Government would compel
the people to pay. Money was to be made
more scarce and thus dearer; but taxation was
: to exact the same enormous amount as when
jj the currency had been, to use the phrase of the
:l cohtraetionists, as redundant atid'chemp.
