352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
was aware of that principle of the Constitution
before. Is the Committee on Finance entirely
silent upon all questions of finance for the
future? Have they no policy of their own?
Have they no voice of their own?
But, Mr. President, I heard the question
put by my honorable friend from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] a few days ago to the honorable
Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the com-
mittee, how it was that he proposed to make
up the deficit of $27,000,000 which he. pro-
posed to take out of the Treasury by the repeal
of the cotton tax. He has not yet answered
the question. I do not know that that honorable
committee proposes to make up that deficit—
to supply the vacuum which will be occasioned
by the repeal of the tax upon cotton. Are we
to repeal this tax and suffer all the other
internal taxes to remain as they now are? Is
every other interest now taxed to continue to
be taxed and cotton entirely relieved from the
burden? Is this great branch of production
and industry so peculiar to the southern and
rebel States to go entirely scot-free, to con-
tribute nothing whatever to the support of the
Government, to the payment of the interest or
the principal of the public debt?
It is said that it is improper to tax agricul-
tural productions, and some gentlemen have
gone so far as to urge that it is unconstitutional
to tax those productions. I do not propose
now to discuss such a question. What I want
to know is who is to pay the $27,000,000 which
the Senator from Ohio proposes to take out of
the revenues of the country? Upon whose
shoulders is it to fall? Is it to be distributed
among the productive branches of industry at
the North pro rata, and is our industry to be
taxed and burdened merely, purely, and solely
for the benefit of the cotton interest of the-
South? I do not believe in it at all. I have
not forgotten the history of the war. I have
not yet dismissed from my mind the incalcu-
lable trouble, grief, agony, destruction, and
universal turbulence which has been effectually
produced by those who have acted under the
inspiration of the cotton interest—a spirit as
rampant to-da^r among those who tiave hereto-
fore been leaders of the rebellion as it was at
the beginning of the war or at any other period j
previous to that beginning.
So far as my constituency is concerned I
think I can say with the utmost confidence
that we ask nothing but equality; we ask simple
fair play; but we are not willing to be taxed
to pay this immense amount of indebtedness
while people at the South equally able to con-
tribute their quota in discharging the burden
go entirely scot-free. We are not willing to
be treated in this manner.
Now, sir, the great foundation of the com-
plaint, as I understand—the great reason for
pressing this measure upon us at this time and
in this isolated way—is that the price of cotton
has so far fallen as to make the three cents
internal tax upon it equal to about one quarter !
of its value per pound. As has been very
truthfully and very pertinently observed by
some other gentleman, that interest, even under
that high rate of taxation, is not taxed higher
than many other productions, such as tobacco
and whisky and various other articles which
might be enumerated. But I am willing for
one to go as far as this: if this tax be oppress-
ive, if it be an actual embarrassment in the
production of cotton, if it is likely to injure
seriously that interest, I am entirely willing to
reduce the tax to so Iowa figure as shall make
it for the interest, the reasonable advantage,
of those who are engaged in that branch of
industry at the South, and I am willing to put
the tax at the present time down as low as
one cent per pound ; but I will not agree even
to continue that low tax upon the article for
more than one year to come. It will be, after
all, experimental. It may turn out at the end
of the year or within some short time that the
article will bear a higher rate of taxation.
But, sir, here is the great truth that stares us
all in the face, and cannot be overlooked or
avoided or evaded: cotton is almost the only
article produced in the rebel States which is
capable of furnishing anything like revenue to
the Government of the United States. They
have there, practically speaking, no manufac-
tures at all; they never have' been a manufac-
turing people ; manufactures there are scarcely
known; and the general law imposing taxes
upon manufactures, operating, of course, all
over the country, falls almost imperceptibly
upon the southern States because they have no
manufactures to tax. Cotton is almost the
sole interest which is promoted and attended
to there, and I cannot and I will not be hurried
away by any sudden popular clamor or affecta-
tion of peculiar fervor and devotion and benev-
olence to people who have so recently been in
arms against us to extend to them favors
which I am compelled to deny to my own con-
stituents. I shall therefore vote for the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
and hope it will have the concurrence of a
majority of the Senate. I think we are going
quite far enough in laying aside so much of
: this tax for the coming year, after which time,
as I understand the effect of the amendment,
the old tax of two and a half cents will proprio
vigore assume its position in the statutes.
Mr. MORTON. As the question has been
asked here with regard to the estimates of the
expenditures and receipts for the coming year,
I will give the figures from the estimates sub-
mitted by the Secretary of the Treasury a few
days ago. The Secretary, after stating the
actual receipts for the first quarter, estimates
that the receipts for the remaining three quar-
ters of the present fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, will be $296,000,000, and that the ex-
penditures for the same period under the vari-
ous items will be $295,000,000, leaving a sur-
plus of $1,000,000. Then for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1869, he estimates the receipts
at $381,000,000 in the aggregate, and the ex-
penditures at $372,000,000, leaving a surplus
of estimated receipts over estimated expendi-
tures of $9,000,000, and if you take $27,000,000
out of the receipts for the cotton tax you will
j have a deficit of $18,000,000.
j JJr. GRIMES. As the question has been
' asked where we are going to obtain this
$27,000,000, I simply desire to say, in con-
nection with the figures read by the Senator
from Indiana, that at least $25,000,000 can
be saved upon the naval estimates, which are
$48,000,000, and of which I am satisfied that
not more than $25,000,000 will be appropri-
ated. I could go on, I think, and satisfy gen-
tlemen that if we collect this whisky tax, as I
trust we shall, we shall not only have this
deficit made up but $50,000,000 in addition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have purposely avoided,
as I did not desire to prolong this debate,
going into a general statement of receipts and
i expenditures. That is a duty which will have
to be performed, no doubt, at some future time.
I will now simply give enough facts and figures
from the documents before me to show the
Senate that there is no necessity for continu-
ing this burdensome tax because of any con-
dition of affairs likely to arise during the next
year. The Secretary of the Treasury sends
his annual estimates of the expenditures for the
next fiscal year, putting them at $371,000,000.
The expenditures of the present year are not
affected by the repeal of the cotton tax because
we propose to collect the cotton tax for the
last year, and for the next year the Secretary
did not estimate anything from cotton.
Mr. MORTON. He does not say so in his
report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think he does
say so ; but I have before me the detailed
receipts given in the document laid on our
tables this morning—the report of the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue—showing that
during the fiscal year which expired on the
30th of June last the amount of internal reve-
nue collected was $265,920,474; The product
of every item of those taxes during the next
fiscal year will be increased unless Congress
should reduce the taxes; and I will show that
Congress can largely reduce the taxes and still
maintain the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The various items which comprise
this amount of $265,920,474 include a tax on
raw cotton to the amount of $23,709,078.
Besides this there are receipts from customs
which next year will amount to, it is supposed,
not less than $150,000,000; I believe that is
the amount the Secretary estimates. Then
there are the receipts from public lands, and
the residuum of the direct tax and miscella-
neous receipts of various kinds from the pre-
mium on gold and the like, so that the total
aggregate will amount to four hundred and
fifty or four hundred and sixty millions. The
Secretary has gone upon the supposition that
Congress will reduce materially the taxes to
about three hundred and eighty millions; and
he estimates a probable reduction of the exist-
ing taxes to that amount. It is not usual for
him in his estimates of receipts to give the
various items which make up the sum total;
but in his estimates or appropriations we have
every item. His estimates of appropriations
for the general service for the next fiscal year
amount to $182,183,736. In that is included
for the Navy $47,317,183—so extraordinary
an estimate as to excite the attention of the
whole country ; and I am happy to hear the
Senator from Iowa say that it will be revised
and largely reduced.
In this sum is also included estimates of
appropriations for harbor and river improve-
ments to the amount of $6,857,000—more than
twice asmuchaswegaveayear ago, when every-
thing was given that was asked. So extraor-
dinary an estimate as this will undoubtedly
be reduced by the proper committee. So the
I estimate of the Army is $51,039,134. This'will
1 unquestionably be reduced. Then there are
estimates to the amount of $2,245,000 for forti-
1 fications and other works of defense, which
is more than twice what it was one year ago,
and will naturally be reduced by the committee.
So I might go through the whole list. The
whole amount of appropriations estimated for
on this large basis is over one hundred and
eighty-two million, and thereis scarcely a doubt
: that Congress will, during the present session,
reduce these estimates to at least one hundred
and forty or one hundred and fifty million.
Then there is, besides, the interest on the pub-
lic debt to be met, amounting to $130,000,000,
and certain permanent appropriations, which
cover the whole expense of the Government.
In the estimates of appropriations, however,
there is an item of $25,500,000 for bounties,
which is really a part of the debtof the United
States, and has been heretofore paid out of the
surplus revenue. This may very properly be
treated as part of the public debt, so that we
may throw off from our people an amount of
taxation equal to more than one hundred mil-
lion dollars of the present burden that rests
upon them.
While I did not wish to go into details, I have
made this statement to show that the Com-
mittee on Finance are not acting ignorantly
about this matter ; but they did not choose—
because the other House has sent us a bill here
affecting only a single tax—to go into a general
discussion of all the various subjects of in-
ternal taxation, finance, expenditure, &c.,
which will more properly arise when we con-
sider the general tax bill, which will come to
us from the other House during the session.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, whether that commit-
tee have come to any conclusion in regard to
the further payment of the principal of the
war debt?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot hear the Sen-
ator; I hope he will repeat his question.
Mr. HOWARD. My question is whether
the Committee on Finance have taken into
consideration the propriety of discontinuing,
for the present at least, the further payment,
of the principal of the public debt contracted
for the war.'
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state that in a bill
which is now on the table, reported by the
