8784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
of tax to be levied upon whisky; not so pre-
cluded butthatwe could propose amendments ;
but the discussion ill the other House, and the
general concurrence of sentiment throughout
the country in a measure precluded us from
opening the question as to the rate of tax upon
whisky. I regret myself exceedingly to sur-
render the large tax now imposed upon whisky.
I thought at the time it was adopted that it
was too high. I believed then that a dollar a,
gallon could bo collected, and I still think that
a dollar a gallon might be collected. But the
general feeling in the country has been one of
disgust at the failure to collect the whisky tax.
The manifest frauds throughout the land, the
gross and immoral practices that have grown
out of it, have convinced men of the necessity
of breaking them up even at the surrender of
the tax, and I think the general judgment of
the moral men of the country is that it is better
to surrender this whole tax and all the revenue
to be derived from whisky rather than to con-
tinue a rate of tax that is entirely for the
benefit of what is called the whisky ring. It
is a general satisfaction to the people through-
out t he country that this enormous profit, which
went to the worst men in the country, should be
broken up even at the sacrilice of a consider-
able amount of revenue. At any rate, the
committee did not choose to open the question,
although any Senator is at liberty to do so.
We reported the lilty-cent rate because we
found it in the bill.
In regard to the double tax referred to by
the Senator from Kentucky, 1 will say that in
the first place I thought the whole tax might
properly be levied on spirits when sold, but I
am now satisfied that it is better to divide the
tax. This limitation prevents small distilleries
from running to advantage. The minimum
tax is levied on distilleries producing a hun-
dred barrels or less. Consequently the small
distilleries that produce twenty or thirty or
forty barrels are at a disadvantage. It is to
the interest of the Government to break them
up, because the amount of revenue derived
from these small distilleries does not pay for
the gauger and proper officers to take charge
of them. The tendency of the special tax we
impose is to breakup the small distilleries and
confine the business to distilleries of a larger
size.
I tried last night to get the Senate to raise
the minimum. Instead of a hundred barrels
I would make it five hundred, and that would
have a more beneficial effect, by stopping the
distillation of spirits at the small stills, where
it cannot be properly watched. This arrange-
ment divides up the tax, and they pay it monthly.
It is put on in such a way that it is almost
impossible to defraud the revenue. Most of
the" distillers prefer this division of the tax.
Besides, by it the Government gets a uniform
revenue, while by the other system the whisky
Way remain in store twelve months without
the Government getting any tax, and in the
mean time the Government lose by the wast-
age, the stealing and the fraud that may occur
in store during these twelve months. Under
this system we at least get the tax upon the
product as it is distilled paid monthly, assessed
by the gauger, and ascertained by the store-
keepe'. It is no inconvenience, but rather, I
think, a matter of convenience to the distiller,
because the monthly payments break up the
amouut of his tax, and there is no difficulty in
ascertaining it, because the same machinery
which ascertains the producing capacity also
ascertains the amount that is to be taxed when
it is takeu out of store. I will not debate it
longer.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am not going to occupy
tl e time of the Senate, but I wish to say that
if the Senator from Ohio expects that reducing
this tax to fifty cents is going to make every-
body honest, and that he will collect it, he will
be, I think, mistaken. I read the debate in
the other House, and I was sorry to see that
our friends had allstampeded before the whisky
ring. So I suppose it will be unavailable to
fay to make any effort here not to concur in
the tax of fifty cents per gallon, though I say
distinctly that I have no more faith in collect-
ing fifty cents on the gallon than I have in col-
lecting two dollars.
ilr. SHERMAN. If roy friend will allow
me, as I find there is a general disposition in
the Sviiate to avoid a recess to-night and to sit
a little longer and try to finish this bill, I de-
sire to submit amotion——
Mr. POMEROY. I am not going to take I
two minutes. i
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the recess j
for to-day be dispensed with, so that we may j
proceed along until we finish the bill. It will i
not take long. i
Mr. BGCivALEW. I suppose the Senator |
means only to go on until the bill shall be j
reported to the Senate. j
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I think we can pass j
it pretty soon. I move to dispense with the jj
recess for to-day. !|
The motion was agreed to. ij
Mr. POMEROY. I was only going to ob- I
serve that when there has been an organized i
system in the country of defrauding the Gov- |
eminent that organization will exist, and when
they cannot defraud it in dollars they will de- ^
fraud it in dimes, and they will keep it up. If '
we all stampede before the whisky ring, and
give it possession, I have no more faith that we
shall collect the revenue at fifty cents than that jj
we could do it at two dollars. The machinery ji
of this bill, I think, has been well drawn and jj
carefully guarded, and I do not know that it jj
can be improved upon ; but for the Congress of ij
the United States and the American people to !j
come down to say that we cannot collect a rea- !|
sonable tax, a tax that other Governments can
collect, not more honest than ours or more
efficient, to say that there is a ring which beats
the Government and beats the revenue officers, i
and that we will retire from the field and say
that they may have their own way, and that we
will only take fifty cents on the gallon, is not
only, as the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron'] said, humiliating, but I do not be-
lieve in the policy of it, and we shall not get
the revenue by it. I will content myself by
voting against it.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I cannot bring
myself to the point of acquiescing in a reduc-
tion of the tax on whisky from two dollars to
fifty cents a gallon. It seems to me that it
will be an acknowledgment exceedingly humil-
iating to us as a nation. I believe the ma-
chinery which is provided by this now bill that
we are about to act upon is very complete;
every exertion, at all events, has been made
in committee to make it perfect; and if it is
sufficient to collect fifty een'.s tax on whisky I
am quite satisfied that it will be sufficient to
collect a larger tax. If it is not sufficient to
collect two dollars tax we had better leave the
machinery as it is. I do not see that we are
going to add to the revenue by dropping down
from two dollars tax to fifty cents tax, with, at
at the same time, a confession that our ma-
chinery is imperfect. The "whisky ring," if
there be such a concern, and nobody can ques- I
tion its existence, will cheat as readily for the !
purpose of avoiding the tax of fifty cents as j
they will for the sake of avoiding a tax at a j
larger rate.
The tax upou whisky collected in Great
Britain, as I am told and believe it to be the
fact, is $2 CO a gallon—ten shillings a gallon.
They are able to collect it very closely. They
are able to collect, I believe, about all of that
description of tax. We, it seems, are not so i
successful. But the presumption is, or ought j
to be, that we are improving our machinery j
that we are getting it so nearly perfected that !
we can collect more and more of the tax. The
machinery, no doubt, has been imperfect from
the start so as to admit of many frauds; but
it takes some time to perfect any description !
of machinery. Senators need not be reminded j
that the steam engine was many years in be-
coming perfected; and the means by which !
any particular description of tax is to be col- 1
lected cannot be made perfect at once. Witfc i
this presumptioii that is now before lis that the
machinery about to be provided if this bill
passes will be more efficient to collect the tax,
we ought not certainly at the same time that
we provide this machinery reduce the tax from
two dollars down to halfa dollar. I have
thonght all along since this matter has been
discussed that we might reduce it from two
dollars to one dollar, but to reduce it to one
quarter what it was, and to do that in fear that
we shall be unable to collect the tax because
it is large is a confession which I think we
ought not to make, and for one I am quite,
unwilling to mako it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Is it in order to offer
an amendment now?
The PRESIDENTjm'o tempore. An amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I offer the following
amendment, to come in as an additional sec-
tion :
And be it fui thcr riiricted, That SO much of all acts
and parts ot acis as impose any internal revenue tax
on illuminating or other mineral oil-?, and on tile
product of the distillation, redistillation, or refining of
crude petroleum, or of crude oil produeed by a single
distillation of coal, shale, peat, asphaltum, or other
bituminous substances, together wiiti all provisions
relating to return.-,, assessments, warehousing, and
bonding, and all otberprovisions fordotermining the
quantity of mineral oil distilled tor the purpose of
securing tue p.iyment of the tax tliereon.be, and tho
same are hereby, repealed; .and no tax imposed by
existing laws on such oils or products in the bands of
the producer or manufacturer, or his agent or agents,
at the passage of this act and unsold, shall be col-
leeted.
Mr. President, when a similar bill was before
the Senate in the soring 1 proposed a reduction
of this tax of one half, and at that time gave
many, as I think, good rf-asons for it. At any
rate, the proposition was carried through both
Houses. I presume it may besaid that [ ougbt
to have asked for the whole then. There were
reasons then assigned which it may not be
necessary to repeat now except very briefly. I
will only say that notwithstanding the reduc-
tion of one half the tax, it is still an extraordi-
narily high tax. It amounts to about one
hundred per cent, on the crude material out
of which this oil is manufactured. It is made
an exception to all other manufactures of its
class in this : that a tax for any amount what-
ever is continued upon it. Now, when a dispo-
sition has been manifested in both Houses of
Congress to relieve our manufactures from
taxation as far as possible, I do not think there
is any good reason why this article should be
singled out to bear a tax when others are let go.
'J his provision, I think, is germane to this
bill, because petroleum and its products con-
stitute one of the three articles which are sub-
ject to this host of inspectors and gaugers, and
1 do not know what all, in order to collect the
tax on that which is consumed at home. It is
loading an article of general use, an articlc of
necessity, an article which now enters into the
consumption of almost every family in the land
out of the cities where gas is used, and even
there, with unnecessary trouble and burdens,
and thereby is interfering greatly with the
business.
But, Mr. President, there is another reason,
and one npon which I rely most in asking the
favor of theSenatefor this amendment. Within
a very few years this article of petroleum in its
manufactured state, and also in its crude state
to a less extent, has become an article of ex-
port ; so that the amount now exported from
this country annually is about thirty million
dollars. There is hardly any other article I pre-
sume at this time, to the amount to which it is
exported, that is as valuable : and certainly it
cannot be denied by anybody, and it will not be
doubted by anybody, it will not be pretended
even, that it is not the true interest of this
country to encourage every article of export
that we can produce. It saves the specie from
being drained from the country ; ittendstopay
off our foreign debt of whatever naf ure: audof
course recommends itself, therefore, rather as
a thing to be encouraged than a thing to be
Now, sir, what is the consequence of the
1 tax? This oil that is exported, it is true, is
