186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
1781
In carrying out this policy contraction ot
the currency and overtaxation of the people
were made to work together, and in one year
more than one hundred million dollars of the
currency were retired, while in the same time
there were paid off, by means of heavy taxation,
more than one hundred and eighty million
dollars of the public debt. In the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1867, were drawn from the
people in taxes §450,000,000, or above $150,-
000,000 more than was necessary to provide for
the current expenses of the Government and
the interest on the public debt.
With what effect, Mr. Speaker? What effect
on the currency? Was that appreciated by
this great reduction of its volume? Was the
purchasing power of our paper money made
to increase in proportion as its gross amount
was diminished? As our currency grew scarce
did it draw nearer to gold in value? With
what cffeet, also, upon the annual burden of
interest which our immense national debt trails
after it? Was that burden reduced by the
large payment toward the principal which was
made only by means of heavy taxation?
Strange as it may seem, neither desideratum
was attained by this policy, which was adopted
as the sure and only means of attaining both.
The value of our paper money did not go up,
nor did the amount of annual interest go
down, in consequence of this great contraction
of the currency and this large reduction of the
public debt.
On the contrary, both the premium on gold
and the interest on the public debt had mean-
while increased, as the following figures show:
On the 23d of March, 1866, the day on which the loan
bill, authorizing contraction at the rate of $4,000,-
000 per month, parsed this House, the public debt
was  62.705.646,516
On the 1st day of April, 1867, it was 2,523,428,070
Reduction of the debt    £182,218,446
On the 23d of March, 1866, the interest on the debt.
wllen reduced to currency, amounted to..$160,813.438
On the 1st of April, 1867, it amounted to... 170,402,814
An increase of the annual interest of.  $583,376
A reduction of the debt of over $182,000,000
and an increase of the annual interest of more
than half a million dollars.
On the 23d of March, 1860, the premium on
gold was twenty-eight per cent. Oil the 23d
March, 1807, it was thirty-live per cent., an
increase of seven per cent., or twenty-five per
cent, of the previous premium, and an increase
of over half a million dollars to be paid in
annual interest.
Thus we see that after burdening the industry
of the country with taxation to effect the pay-
ment of the above one fifteenth of the public
debt in a single year, and paralyzing business
by withdrawing more than one hundred million
dollars from the channels of trade, we were
indebted to the public creditor on the debt thus
reduced, by way of annual interest, over half
a million dollars more than before ; and instead
of reducing the margin between gold and our
paper currency, and thus approximating toward
a resumption of specie payments, we increased
that margin twenty-five per cent. Do not these
facts prove that a policy productive of such
rosults is not a wise one, and that contraction
is not the road to resumption?
Mr. Speaker, when the loan bill was under
discussion in this House, in March, 1866, I
took occasion to say:
" Til e 1 aws of trade and the restoration of confidence
are bunging us steadily and surely to a resumption
of specie payments; any attempt to force a resump-
tion by legislation will defeat the object; that con-
fidence upon which a permanent resumption of
specie payments must rest will neither bo engendered
nor -.troDSthonod by legislative tinkeiins. Hie last
Concress tried an experiment in this direction by
passing a law to force down tbo price ot gold; the
result was a rapid advance and the immediate repeal
"'"'lUsaTmost universally admitted that the return
to specie payments must be gradual. Suppose, then,
that the Government of the United .^tates takes the
initiative; not by a contraction of the currency, but
by announcing, at as eaiiy a day as is practicable,
thai its legal-lender currency will be redeemed 111
gold on presentation at the. treasury, and then, to
aid the banks in following its lead, let the national
banksbe allowed to redeem in thelegal-tendernotes
thus put on par with gold by the Government. With
the basi3 of redemption thus broadened it could not
bo long beforo the business and the money of the
country rested as firmly upon a specie basis as ever."
At that timegold was at a premium of twenty-
eight per cent, and declining, lu nearly two
years that have since intervened it has fluctu-
ated between twenty-six and sixty, and is now
about forty per cent. I fully believe that had
we then left the currency entirely free from
legislative interference, granting to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury no authority to disturb it,
and adjusted our revenue laws to the collection
of so much revenue as would pay the current
expenses of the Government and the interest
on the public debt, and no more, the business
of the country would have continued in a most
prosperous condition ; that increased produc-
tion would have reduced prices generally, and
that gold and greenbacks would now be so near
to each other in price that the Government
could have resumed specie payments at will.
But, sir, it is contended by some, who admit
that specie payments can be resumed without
contracting the currency, that we should reduce
the volume, because the amount in circulation
is in excess of the demands of business, and
that this excess increases largely the cost of all
the necessaries of life, and operates with pecu-
liar hardship on the laboring poor of the coun-
try. Are such the facts? Have we more
currency than we need? Among the many
theories put forth to sustain the affirmative of
this proposition I have seen none more in-
genious than that advanced by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broojiall] in his
speech on the currency, and in support of a
bill introduced by him at the commencement
of the session, in which he attempts to prove
that we have an excessive amount of currency
in circulation, and to measure that excess by
the margin which exists between our currency
and gold. The gentleman's theory is that hav-
ing about seven hundred million dollars of
paper currency in circulation, and the discount
on it measured by the gold standard being
thirty per cent., our paper is worth just seventy
cents on the dollar, and that the $700,000,000
had a purchasing power of $490,000,000 ; that
we should not increase this purchasing power
by adding to the volume of the currency, nor
diminish it by reducing, until we reach this
point of $490,000,000, wliich, by this ingenious
mode of reasoning, is fixed as the amount act-
ually required at the present time by the
business of the country.
This theory, as presented by the gentleman,
looks plausible. Let us see how it stands
the test of actual experience. In July, 1801,
we had, including compound-interest and na-
tional bank notes, a paper circulation of about
six hundred million dollars. Gold was at a
premium of one hundred and sixty per cent.
In other words, it took $2 60 paper to buy one
dollar gold; consequently, measured by this
standard, our paper dollar was worth at that
time thirty-eight and a halt cents. On the 1st
day of April, 1866, about the time we passed
the loan bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to contract the currency, we had about
nine hundred million dollars of the same kind
of paper in circulation ; and $1 20 in paper
would buy one dollar in gold ; consequently
the paper dollar was worth at this time seventy-
nine cents. Our currency had been increased
fifty per cent., and its value had appreciated
one hundred per cent. On the 1st day of
April, 1867, with the currency reduced to
§800,000,000, it took $1 35 in paper to buy one
dollar in gold. Thus we see, in point of fact,
within this range of three years, our paper
dollar was worth the lowest price in gold when
we had the smallest and the highest price when
we had the largest amount of paper currency
in circulation.
Now, sir, if these facts prove anything, they
prove that the premium on gold neither meas-
ures the excess of the volume of the paper
currency nor establishes the fact that such
excess really exists.
Sir, after this signal failure of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to establish a reliable
standard by which to measure the amount of
currency required by the business of the coun-
try, I will not undertake the task otherwise
than by the bill which I have introduced for
that purpose, and to which I propose to call
the attention of the House before 1 conclude;
and this bill does not undertake to regulate
the currency, but to allow it to regulate itself
by the demands of business from time to time.
I will, however, suggest some facts which
prove conclusively to my mind that our cur-
rency is not now in excess of the business
needs of the country.
We have much less currency par capita than
England or France, while the capacity of our
country to absorb and profitably employ capital
is immeasurably greater than either England
or France. The immense extent of our terri-
tory; its almost exhaustless, undeveloped re-
sources ; the active, ambitious character of our
people ; the more equal diffusion of capital,
and the correspondingly greater ability of all
classes to obtain the comforts and luxuries of
life, and to engage in enterprises for the im-
provement of their condition ; the rapid increase
of the country in population and wealth, are
all advantageous circumstances over European
countries favorable to the safe and profitable
employment of capital, and necessitate the use
of a large amount.
I admit that Europe has, under present cir-
cumstances, more currency than she needs.
Whether, if her wealth were as equally dis-
tributed as ours, and all her other conditions
were as favorable to the profitable employment
of capital as with us, she would then, with her
present amount, have a surplus, is a matter of
speculation. That she now has such surplus
is evident from two facts:
First. The rate of interest, that almost infal-
lible barometer for measurement of the rela-
tions between the supply and demand for money,
is in Europe generally low.
tiecond. European capital is constantly seek-
ing investment in other countries.
Large amounts of this capital are invested
in this country in railroads and other public
works, as well as in the securities of our cities,
States, and nation. We are generally largely
the debtor—a circumstance showing, not that
we are absolutely poor, but proving conclu-
sively that we lack active capital.
And this lack on our part, this want of avail-
able capital, has many manifestations. The
active demand for money, the high rates of
interest which it commands in all parts of the
country outside of the financial centers; the
fact that our best securities, many of them pay-
able, principal and interest, in coin, (and sell-
ing at a discount in paper,) are allowed to go
abroad ; that there is an indisposition to make
permanent investments even when such invest-
ments willyield large returns ; that short loans
are preferred to long ones, and that the rate
of interest is increased with the increased time
upon which money is loaned; that the dispo-
sition is to turn capital as rapidly as possible,
are all evidences of a lack of money in our own
country rather than of a plethora. Capital
here is not seeking employment, but business
is seeking capital. In Europe, the reverse is
the fact.
It is true that at times money becomes plenti-
ful, particularly in the large cities of the Uni-
ted States, and that then the rate of interest is
comparatively low. But this condition of the
money market is exceptional, and consequently
there is no disposition to make permanent in-
vestments on long loans. At such times money
is loaned at low rates on call or short time,
that it may be recalled to meet the active de-
mandsof business when required. That scarcity-
is the rule and plenty the exception are facts
never lost sight of in the American money
market—ruling the hour even when money is
most abundant in supply and least in demand.
If we have more currency than is required
for business purposes why is it that this same
currency, which beais no interest and not re-
deemable in gold, is generally worth more
